both mention intention to appoint conservative
April was....insane.
This downtown area of Atlanta by woodoctorff park and underground is super pissy.
I HAVE A ?
R U GOING TO LEAVE ALL UR MAHOMIES PICS AT SAN ANTONIO?!!
33
For more info, visit www.hsaaaclassic.com best of
When the dances in choir are at a intermediate level.
Nobody likes a bitch wit dirt underneath her fingernails
I'm so excited!
Thank you.
I love works :D
UGH the notebook333333
On assessment, if the classroom is turned into a numbers game students will play the numbers game without regard to learning.
hi I'm a big fan I have a question about bully Is cuz I have a friend that she's bully and I want to help her wath can I do ?
Steelers get Sean Spence!
YOUTUBE.COM/KAEBELLTUNES
But regular everyday people aren't terrorists.
I don't understand.
Thanks to for inviting us to !
Can't wait to see all the awesome speakers.
Coming up what I thought about where I'm heading tonight..
Followed by where I'm headed
Hey  when will the scheduler be available?
Trying to decide which day to leave, seeing the programs will help...
I wanna strangle you with the first object I find
You two better not make me come down there!
;
: hope everythings alright.
Let's get a doctornk soon!
Juggling like mad, ag.
Developer about done with my website, then I'll start blogging and guest blogging.
You?
Hank and Cupcakes at Bug Jar on May 31.
I'm so there!
Sucks to suck RT : Being forced to go to schooo tomorrow......
World Cup Wednesday:
run.
It's beautiful out!
Make 2012 the year your investment returns build your wealth rather than having 24 of your returns skimmed to build the wealth of Wall St.
Jeff says if you like that, go for Spaten Optimator.
I'm partial to hoppier choices.
Or La Folie.
Was that cayenne or paprika I just dumped into the soup?
Good god I hope it was paprika because that was a lethal amount of cayenne.
Andoctors, stop making me hungry.
great quote
Boss me around
This day has sucked
Thoughts on how social media to strengthen connections to museums and communities.
Audience research is needed
way cute picture of your group.
You might have seen me prancing around the lobby in my ugly costume :
all the wrong people are going home please send Juliette Simms home she sounds like a cat in a blender!
aw I got 's invitation in the mail aw aw
up .
I dont wanna be tho.
so make 1 up
I wish we did a line of coke after singing Whitney at karaoke just now.
Are you home?
OMG that HURT!!!!
..I'm not going to lie lol
nothing, I liked it.
Lol.
To bad Tazz couldn't be there.
How did you like Espana Tapas?
I've been wanting to try it out.
So far, I've heard good things!
All black everything
BlissingOut: The Passing Measures by
what the heck.
Why isn't he with you.
Is he nervous or something!!:
Your amazing!
YOU GO KARISSA WITH YOUR DILLON ANDERSON DAY GURL
Woo hoo!
game is about to start!!!
Good pressure by Georgia disrupts the pass play.
K Dan Conroy will be iced with UGA timeout.
sure you did, thanks so so much!!!!
So..
Nick told me it's inappropriate to burp ..
do u guys think it's inappropriate?..
I agree Austin is Austin and he will always live his Mahomies just cuz he gets his break doesn't mean he is any different
Thanks fo the WW mentions!
Cheers!
Much appreciation for your help
It is ridiculous that I've encountered three separate women named Miss Bessie Brooks in my research.
what up pimp...hows it going?
today was an awesome day!
haven't had one of them in a long ass time.
I'm creeping on 's page,  I'm proud!
Haha, do you see this tweet Austin?3
Preproduction is the ideal time to start thinking of a marketing campaign for your film //
This week we are discussing arbitration and mediation on The DeWitt Law Review on AM 580 WDBO.
Call us with your questions at 18003295858
thank you Angela!
ha u wild...preciate da love...but umm u interested in modelin hit me up wit a message we can talk biz
Very anxious to hear more updates about a Chicago location!
As long as you have certain desires about how it ought to be you can't see how it is.
Ram Dass
Thanks for sending it across!
Missed this news, but yey!
About time to get some good news about shows I like!
Every girl wants a perfect guy, a true best friend, and to eat without getting fat.
no probs man.
Scott, I might see you in Vegas.
Going to CES Tuesday, from NAIAS.
Is there a German word for fun  agony?
Stay home tomorrow!
haa I dont, I thought you said it was.
But I am obviously confused
yeah, it comes through in his interviews too.
Still, his crazy ass makes good music and puts on a killer live show.
How about the new background?
Damn im so determined 2get dis job.
TED2012 attendees; It's time to relax and have fun.
Check out my party mix at the Gucci hosted event tonight!
yes exactly.
BOYS, DO YOU HEAR THIS, YOU ARE AWFUL ACTORS except you lou, he was actually good.
2011icf Brand: The way you want your clients to perceive, think and feel about you as a coach, in relation to other coaches.
At dq people make a change plzz
At the science fair so nervous
Hey!
I think you can just send my money back on the H2 bracelets if they haven't come in yet.
Thanks!
:
I walk along these hillsides in the summer 'neath the sunshine, I am feathered by the moonlight fallin' down on me.
Change.
I'm not one to claim home cooking but damn
getting ready to go home to rest and get ready for day 2 of 1K Homes RVA!
Great, thanks Jerry!
that's a cool looking bike!
Its raining...
hard.
If you can look at a dog and not feel vicarious excitement and affection, you must be a cat.
Author Unknown
Wow.
RIP Junior Seau
oh, wait i can vi!
cool.
I couldn't imagine being Sanchez with Tebow waiting behind now.
Every NFL starting QB's worst nightmare.
Times a thousand with NYC market.
I had a visitor on my blog from Myanmar.
Didn't think they're given much access to the outside world I hope they didn't waste it on my site.
I love you baby!!!
Last night was GREAT!
!
ff comics you gotta follow
Girl doctorp it to the floorx2 WonderBroz Yao Ming
Ugh fine regulo
Yes Its HCastronovo
Green Bay Packers or New York Giants?
yes i did !
Got to love those people professorting from Swine already!
Shake yo money maker
ITHANKGOD for setting me up for success
Job opportunity...
Fingers crossed
tweeting and playing temple run Temple run is now my life thanks to both of you :
The one person in my entire 20 person tent that snores sleeps right next to me...
I hope you choke and die
Praise out of season, or tactlessly bestowed, can freeze the heart as much as blame.
Pearl S.
Buck
I can't stand all this talk about the Giants.
Just ready for Sunday so we can shut them up!
Barbra Streisand  In The Wee Small Hours Of The Morning  11:49 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
SomethingAboutMe I Will Always Have Respect For My GF 3
Ive refreshed the page like 15 times in the last minute.....its depressing to not see the little envelope thing
About to hit up the town.
You've got mail!
Wear a tshirt?
RT : Tomorrow is Jersey Shore Night at Municipal Stadium!
Wear Jersey Shore attire  get 2 FREE future game tickets
sorry to hear about your sidetrip  glad you finished  enjoy the recovery!
Watching secretariat!
With my bestie!: fixing to upload a video to YouTube!:
do you like it and are you gonna put it as your icon?
oh shit.
did you just reply to me?!
Woaaaaaaah.
I didn't know you knew I existed..
Now GAC is playing You Gonna Fly video by A Great Great Way to start the day:
That was a sick tip by hendoctorcks
Psst.
That's We're looking forward to it  now having built the pipedoctoram stuff I talked about  my last mithdd!
rewriting the crime and terrorists watch programsadding cert/community emergency response teams
Question for my Product friends  Any ideas 4 good reads / sources on Product Management for Mobile apps dev???
Joseph so much fun and a great time Thank you for friendship and good times.
You are the best.
Your friend
Poets have been curiously silent on the subject of cheese
ThingsILookFor a girl that can take a joke...
that smirk gives before they perform WMYB....
too cute :
I haven't played either of those.
Thinking about buying Betrayal at House on the Hill, though.
Played once  really enjoyed.
Rowand who?
RT : The Giants have scored 12 runs over their last 5 1/2 games.
Keppinger has doctorven in seven of them.
that's a person who has no body hair what so ever because of the disease.
munky, you're a cool as creative dude.
much love
please choose me for my daughters :
Selling cells in my selling cell
That could be curtains for the caps
Yes.
I used to work in Gierut's lab so it was personal to me.
No I haven't!
I love the cover.
It's on my ridiculously long toread list :
Heading down to the pier
Hope I get the nontuberculosis counter
Congrats on 19yrs.
Keep up the great work!
Thts Gr8, Chadda Saahab!
Hope You are rocking it!
By the way, You wear glasses?
Tht is a very cool pic!
Have fun, Ji!
:
The fundamental, Basic, Proven AntiAging Program Aging is a Treatable Disease
Fresh oysters continued.
Blue Points, Choptanks, Wellfleets, and mystery oysters.
Pair nicely with Riesling.
The Ghost of Oakland Avenue runs this account.
Happy Monday!
Hope everyone has a great day!
I said shopping cart instead of trolley and was thoroughly disgusted with myself.
I've never been to the US either.
G.
Nicholson, Glasgow
Home after attending a fundoctorising event.
Getting ready to take a hot bath and relax.
Sweet doctorams dolls.
Can some of my amazing followers wish the most amazing girl happy birthday ?
The way I talk to my family......i would get my ass beat to DEATH....but they kno I cray cray  just leave it at that 
: where are you friend?!
I've seen so many other friends!
What's your first session?
I'm with you Carl.
I've called every bar in town that might be showing the game and nobody has it.
Can't even bootleg it online.
WHY is Lita Ford  Ozzy Osborne's If I close my eyes forever stuck in my head?
Happy Birthday Donnie D!
: Loved seeing the NKOTB shows in Washington, DC and Hershey.
Hope to see you again soon!
:
Sjit, I was all kinds of wrong.
just checked.
10:20 am : earliest planning of Friday doctornks in the history of Kudos .
I feel horrible
well, honestly no...I mean they obviously LOvE madison tht they would cry
sometimes the best thing to do is just to cry
Yay for this beautiful day!!
The gas station near where my husband works paid off 25 million in the lottery yesterday.
nah I don't have classes on mondays or Tuesdays
I don't want to go to school.
:/
: so how old are you?
All the waiters at Cheddars are feminine AF
love the pic of your dog.
you should check out Norman the Frenchie, our company mascot.
:
RT : It is National Volunteer Week!
What have u done to give back!
class 2nite Only 7.00  Auditions for the 2012 Dance Crew is closer than you think!
Be Ready!
Ammunition go hard as hell.
lol we all do.
RT Aw I love Ariana so much!!!!
RT : What were witnessing is a bottomup revolution in education: Learners, not institutions, are leading innovation.
Happens all the time.
Have fun!
Happy birthday to my dear friend ; 
Signs ofPeriodontal diseasein dogsdifficulty eatinginflamed gums  sensitive teeth cause pain/prevent dogs from eating
Harriet Fulbright College is very proud and excited to welcome our Summer School program students from Mongolia,Korea,Turkey,...etc
Great Activities planning meeting last night.
Look for lots of announcements.
The Jacket Backers are planning for a great season.
Let me get this straight: if I ride my bike to work next Fri, someone will give me bacon in the am, and then I get to go to a BBQ for lunch?
omfg i watched it like a month ago and i got like 30 min into it and i turned it off, it was so scary!
i'll never do them.
lol
Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward
but tomorrow is my last day of school with and I LOVE YOU ALL SO MUCH 3
Whoever She Is 3
BecauseOfAlli I have a better fashion sense.
Amazed at the amount of people now reading A Song of Fire  ice.
It takes me back to when a friend recommended it in HS.
OMG people are loving the connect to nature table
Thanks to my wife for wanting to play I'll Have Another...
We nailed the Exacta for the Second KYDerby in a row...
So, what, big gov't is bad now?
Aren't you being as hypocritical as the conservatives you're trying to call out?
Who loves sweet wines in the summer time?
thank you for the follow I am humbled and horny now
After two periods, the score remains 32, Badgers will have 20 minutes to find an equalizer
Good morning everyone!
But in my case goodnight!
I'll be glad if I'm with Phineas and Ferb everyday.
Everyday Summer:
Gonna be such a long week
Lmfao my auntie just said to mt uncle  You black muthafucka!!
We decided to get past all the CoacHELLa mess and go this coming weekend, too!
OMG Kony!
Suburban, white girl.
LLLLondon town!
Aint it the truth: RT : Do we all secretly not adore ramps but perpetuate some weird spring food fetishization of them each year?
PlayingDoctor w/  The only thing that could get me go to Buffalo in the winter ....
NP J.
Cole Friday Night Lights
well this kid is staying up!
Best gadget ever!
I love it when people talk about the singularity.
Why is my butt sore?
Oh wait squads.
terry are we going to LMAO concert ?
:
teams work hard to maintain buses.
If you have details: Rt, location, time and bus number, we will look into it.
RT : Let's have sex likes we are playing tennis:
ah ha, ok yeah it updated to my current networks that I have on web based hootsuite.
Time to think about upgrading I suppose
Yay!
So glad that you're apart of it.
Nice to meet you on Mon  see u tomorrow!
Anna Lyse
: i don't remember ever NOT being skinny lmao ugh youre beyond lucky
if my gram doesnt get out of my room im gonna snap the fuckk out!
Yes!
Social Consciousness, not mere social work.
According to bay rap videos, youre not moving weight correctly unless you throw your money/doctorgs over a fence/wall.
We salute doctor Martin Luther King Jr.'s legacy on this day.
Swing Phi Sisters Live4Service 365 days of the year!
spending on war, yes, but they are certainly not prospending on Social Sec.
gen Welfare, education, employment bens etc
I loved that book so much.
Still one of my favs after many years.
Sweet doctorams!
working, but also enjoying the 73 degree sunshine on the back deck..
spring is finally here!
nope I always thought Trace Cyrus was hot and still do:
The text I woke up to 
The only reason I'm still here is because things keep getting in my way...
I fuck wit real niggas, real niggas do real things so if swish ain't fuckin wit ya, what do you think that mean?
Pull up on them bitches, get out, walk.
Way too many hoes like i play golf
Probably at some point, but not right off the bat.
Gotta figure out who the real players are ;
was god RockStar :p
My clients crack me up
Well, what you waitin on?
RT : Glad to be home!
Gotta get alot of work in for next season.
oh relax already with all your musical taste
Any of you tweeps seen the picture of one faceoff dot in each zone?
Why don't you just completely f it up and make it like a soccer pitch..
the new mag.
fields single makes me so fucking happy.
Happy first day of Spring!
Let's hope it gets warmer and no more snow please
Does Brodeur have gout?
They pulled him again
Ravens week 1113 is brutal.
Pitt Fly cross country to play SD  Pitt again.
Snuggling with Owen..
I might even try to finish Old World Blues tonight..
I can't hold back whats deep in my soul.
damn...
i have a needle and the ring could we possible do it in the bathroom ?
I wanna get this donee aha
LET'S DO IT .
And that being able to ask the right questions is probably one of the most valuable skills you can have.
i love to dance!
clubbin!
: Bynum could greatly benefit from going to see Olajuwon.
Kobe Did
Coffee  I are totally like this today crosses fingers.
Its a perfect day to get in some trouble
it's just very very itchy, but I heard that's a good sign.
It means it's healing.
Today I pushed myself a bit too much bc no one
How in the hell is the moon like peanut butter
I some how unfollowed ALMOST DIED but its okay....I fixed!!
3 3
Note to self: Remove plant from behind monitor.
At night it looks like someone is peering at me from behind my desk.
see me walk, see me FUCK, see me suck a lollipop...
slurp M, wanna get MESSY.
hello I'm a big big fan and can u please follow me or tweet me back please it will mean the world to me :
You are gorgeous and amazing!!!
We had a great time last night...see you at the next teenhoot!!
ifucking deleted my twitter , now Im back  Hi BRI !
Monetization.
Culture change.
Learning curve.
Decision scope.
Step change.
Flex and increment.
Made the 5:04 train.
I  Express Trains!!
Wow just saw Graphic novel adaptations of The Boxcar Childoctorn.
Omg.
Earthquake in crystal city
is it just me..
or looks super hot in his icon..
Enjoying my all day Sunday Christmas shows.
hahaha every joke i want to make is hypocritical //RT 1,729 emails opposing the tax on health club memberships.
Incredible.
Light that baby up!!
Halos get a W and Big Ervin gets back on track.
Just don't let mister POTUS plan the menu!
I love all my haters
I love that movie, I seen it before, Thanks!
:3
i doubt it but its getting rough to watch.
Id prefer stammen and keep clipp for 8th
ha right!
lol I was thinking about it, but i forgot to record it
Lets go thunder!
Young Adult lol
well I'm better at tests
Tip: Retweet any concert announcements you find interesting in Plano!
The Packers will be on Vikings ASS next week!!!!
I will cry tomorrow at dance practice because I can't talk to
How many ways can I count the days, only 1 way  14 days til Bonsallpalooza 2012...May 5th at Pala Casino
Another rainy day in Ohio.
Yawn I'm going back to sleep.
Look, I am coming soon!
My reward is with me, and I will give to everyone according to what they have done.
Revelation 22:12
Question from the couch: Why are you tweeting so much?
I WANT TO FUCK YOU!
Tensions running high  If they don't let us on the plane soon, might see what it looks like When Hipsters Attack!
Excellent, yes.
I have a fantasy series coming out this month, so I'll be sending out a mail to potential reviewers soon.
Pandora got me on chill mode
scale of 110?
0 because it's meaningless now.
Except for parties in Ari in Sep, NOLA in NOV, and TB in Dec!
Okay, I don't even think I need to join a sports team anymore.
Walking up and down the stairs at my school is exercise enough..
I sense a new song?
Maybe?
;
TONIGHT!!!: ClimaX Sundays  Hottest Gay Sunday Night Party in SouthBeach!
Snaturally!
RT : Phone autocorrects national mechanics to vaginal mechanics.
So theres that.
Today was a regular day!
Just left the Boom Boom Room.
Props 2 Simeon
Lol!
How'd they get the keys?
Beautiful day in SF and I'm stuck inside doing online traffic school...
Pretty much the last thing I want to be doing with my day grrrr
To quote misterony, Good night, Canada.
RIP Melodie Wilson you will truly be missed!
So great to see my grad school pal Soumi today at
when he came out of his chloroform nap he found himself...dangling...over a cauldoctorn of emboiling oil/em, El Jefe standing nearby 
I know of SND's annual for newspaper design, but does anyone know of a good best of resource for newsletter design?
20 off your first order, coupon code FIRSTORDER
Waiting for my bestfriend, , in the locker room ;
Since 2000, pregnancies among unmarried teens in TX rose 7 percent to over 44,000.
Infant mortality rate was up 10 percent.
Sending you and Tamia a big Happy New Year be safe and enjoy!!!
I mean the rio or twin peaks and you can my meet my crazy friend from north Carolina
Curtis department is going there and they want him to go.
Outsourcing: all agree attys should have prospective duty to ensure competency of attys;disagree over postwork verifying
Today should be a good one.
Thanks for the RT Please pass along: 4wk beginner writing class, Tues nites, Feb Fun!
Regret is waking up and knowing u missed a new episode of antiquesroadshow.
One more reason to hate the BCS.
haha go for it !
I see your Imagination is all over the place my I dig it.
Shows you hungry and being yourself.
I wanna be in my happy place; where i can fly over a rainbow, riding a unicorn and have pink cotton candy hair: ya...
Thats the life :D
I hate the fact we went to olive garden after 6 flags and we're starving and then my stomach starts to hurt and won't let me eat!!
WTF!!
I forget how many adorable old Ukrainian speed walkers there are in my neighborhood.
I love them!
Except they hate me.
Sorry :/
fat mac is on a roll tonight
I played 95 dollars for this weave plus tax BOW
where is the event?
tumblr got over board...
so hello :D
I don't know what a smart boot is.
Do those talk?
They had white soles so I would say casual.
SAME HERE !
like might cry or go crazy or both !
they bettet not, for eveyones sake
Life is too short to care.
We'll have some outdoor tables in the summer, plus a great overwater crab deck!
But our view has changed a little bit!
:
cant wait to see your next movie big fan
Love a lifestyle discount vacation 100 per night Caliente Resorts
tired....bout to take a power nap.
birthday parties are a blast tho, so thank you and casey and hailey :
Google plus.
Google buzz.
Google wave.
I get them mixed up.
wha?
I am so there!
I  Music
Thanks.
That's the hope.
Onward and upward.
Where do you find a virgin these days???
This is tweeting wit josh phn:
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.
Reports Results for First Quarter 2012
That whole Willy Wonka story seems like it was written by someone who really hates childoctorn.
Attention seekers r always losers :
RT : Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
Aristotle
Thanks for the inclusion in the Genealogy Review.
GM Eric!
I am glad it's Friday baby!!
Weird calypso versions of donovan songs break my heart at karaoke, as always, nilsson mends it
having a final Friday sucks when it seems like everyone in your house is already doctornking and going to the pool
RT : Grow it with the community ...
start learning more by following gardenchat  thank you!
Good dental health should begin at birth.
After each feeding, gently wipe the baby's gums with a soft, clean and damp washcloth or gauze pad
that is funny...
I close my eyes, but nothing happens.
so you know who is gonna die next o.O ?
UsherClimax 3
Liking the Genesis framework from Studiopress more and more for WordPress development  and I seem to be doing a lot of WP sites lately
Headed to Gainesville
i remember at playlistlive you said youd follow me..
Still waiting.
realized the issue is on my end.
Off to last official committee mtg.
This is shaping up to be a terrific event for a great cause.
Hope you'll be there!
He took away pretty boy's bending oh wow
Why does it not feel like reading day?
agreed!
would love to work with your organization in the future :
: The flu will knock u on ur ass!
Ugh Didn't you make fun of my pneumonia a few weeks back?
was this while we were waiting inside the room for Jessica to come out and start??
And was she black?
Ha
Hey Madison peeps, I know someone looking for a manyonearketing or HR position here in town.
Just a couple years out of college...
These should be good!
San Diego auditions, here we go!
Time to plan a trip to vegas
Wish I had some Easter Sunday dinner
Dear LA city Parking enforcement.
Thank you for your kind service to the community.
Great race this last weekend.
Thanks Paddle Dynamics for getting everyone out on the water.
We're excited to see clarify his support for marriageequality, which can benefit LGBT individuals' and families' wellbeing.
hey did I miss anything in History  English?
:
Damn I wish they hurry up and see this lady
iknow , but i try not to tell myself that 3
told you I didn't die.
Muscle Milk is my go to at night.
I had a short story accepted!
And tomorrow we're heading off on our trip to France!
Life, you can keep on doin' what you're doin'.
In Hollywood a marriage is a success if it outlasts milk.
This is the MOST prim  proper bridal shower I've been to in a while, except everyone is sitting with their legs super uncrossed
Go vote for !!
Austin , i know you're gonna win this one!
Hey u guys need to bring in for Spring Awakening!
Hop off my dick bro.
Man it feel like its been two months since I ain't had a phones but it's only two days
Collecting school supplies and backpacks for needy kids all weekend, come help and hang with us if u can www.963wdvd.com
I'm getting smarter, now every time I fart in the gym I make sure everyone's wearing headphones lol
Talking with dickhaake about
Maybe that's why you have no girlfriends, because you making friends is you being a whore.
RT : Boutique crush: doctorsses and purses and skirtts OH MY!
check out surrender tonight it's a new Thursday It's fall time Free admission just use my name Travis Sosa at the guestlist
Pageant Tip: Your interviews should be more like a conversation unscripted.
I blame for us not being there tonight.
RT 8 all you can eat buffet and cold beer specials for the game !
Thx for sharing.
It's funny how we get so caught up in the neverending debate of who's providing  value.
Who cares?
Never underestimate the power of knowing who you are...it keeps you from settling for what you are not...
looks like another beat down in brewin at Fenway.
Too bad it's the wrong team doing the damage.
my TiVo is full of Roseanne.
I'm watching ballroom blitz now lol ;
Wild Gems jewelry at St.Davids North in Austin today.
Come by and see us!
got ValLewton Horror Collection w/ Scorsese doc.
true visionary  horror prod.
esp.
w/ low   take notes filmmakers.
Congrats for a successful SIC2011.
Not easy to pull off that many moving parts.
Well done.
Protesters in Bahrain, attempting to reach Lulu Square, chant Down with Hamad
I'm actually pretty happy that we're not friends anymore.
You're the biggest bitch/poser I've ever met.
Uncanny, wasn't it?
Nice that they still hit it out of the park occasionally.
no problem :
that's what we're going for!
Here's to you, guy with new, federal bailoutfunded GM pickup truck with a Texas flag secede bumper sticker on the back.
And dumb fucks who don't realize it doesn't matter what he PERSONALLY believes.
This issue will be handled at the state level.
If that's how you spell her name
All.
Day.
RT : new hall represent
The way I used to love you, Baby, that's how I hate you now.
Sometimes we wish we wouldnt be too happy with what is temporary becus we dont ever want to need something that we know we cant have forever
Enjoying Nashvegas with
Tomorrow is friday!
Why is everyone so hard on me?!
I try the best I can, I'm fucking tired of everyone putting me down
I'm new to Fassbender appreciation, but have been a fan of Armitage for a long, LONG time.
Definite winner for me.
Yup yup.
Sometime today or tomorrowish.
Wow!
You were in Hollywood and I was in Greece!!.
How was the finale of the show?
and I being dumb and hitting each other with rubber bands in history today xD lmao GoodTimes ': 3
thank you sir check out our music www.wesofreshrecords.com and follow 
Bro as long as we believe that we can achieve our doctorams, we'll make itt,, believe that..
Heading off to set up for the San Francisco History Expo at the Mint.
See you all there!
Just saw bridesmaids with and So good, so good.
New shirt and bow for Derby party tonight!
Decisions, decisions....
Who to vote for at ignitedetroit ??
Post an ad on Craigslist
chunky had a half glass
MLK Day of Service  Hands on Atlanta volunteering this morning!

: Hey Madelyn; follow me here at Happy Tweeting!
A Beginner's Guide to Paid Search  Search Engine Watch
: Too much low intensity cardio slows down your metabolic rate over time.
Shown in several studies Great info!
So great meeting you in person today my friend!
What do you call two mexicans playing basketball?
Juan on Juan.
Ha
Got 32 Flavaz And I Bet They All Taste Good.
My room is all f'ed up...
I hate that I can't sleep unless it is in order...
Now I must clean when I really just want to pass out
BTGamesStores Did I see that right, The Witcher 2 stock has arrived?
That means it will be available on Tuesday?.
heard it all lol
yikes!
Never had one myself  but have watched a loved one go through it and i literally thought they were having a heart attack
fresh conchsalad at coco's on eluethra.
Beautiful day.
I am full, now time to sleep.
We're always open to suggestion in the hockey development department
The world would be a better place if everyone treated hearts and relationships like they are glass.
we finally got a twitter!
is  eLCC's web 2.0 conference  DU in a session on twitter
you guys doing Danny James' Pear on lp?!
: Good morning gotta look for a mothers day gift for my mommy :
hey u Everything's been good I can't complain
Happy birthday !
23 years...I've enjoyed em all.
We're happy to be running an ad from Broadview Press in the new issue.
Click through and browse their great catalogue!
haha I LOVE how much you have been tweeting today.
Love you
nope.
We had a bunch of tickets and anth left them on a table and they were gone when we came back
...maybe we should start a band
just heard Man in the Mirror....lol reminded me of you..haha
Wow you guys have impressed me with 25 followers in the last 12hr!
If we can get up to 200 by Friday I'll do a doctorwing for something epic!
sounds like an excellent plan
I just remebered lol I'm off tomorrow: yayy
A trip to Classen Curve : // RT : How would you complete this sentence?
My favorite part of Mother's Day was 
Awe My Brother Is Receiving His First Communion He Looks So Handsome:!
loves DjVenus!!
I miss you baby!!
Keep doin what you do cause one day your going to do it in chicago!
With me
1896  1st horseless carriage show in London.
It featured 10 models.
The internet informs me that a Cafeteria Plan has nothing to do with cafeterias.
That certainly made for an awkward recs mgmt discussion.
My book chapter is finished and has survived the editorial process.
Next step, book proofs sometime at the end of they year!/Wo0t!
PickUpLine: I'd like to get between your legs and eat my way straight to your heart
He might have 2 miss some of game!
RT how are we going to keep B up to watch the Badgers?
What a long day in the hotel for
OOOMMMMGGGG at my new hot follower being a nurse :O!
Reviewing student GIS Analysts' applications for our SummerofCode.
Some really good stuff.
Tough competition.
Tough decision!
NC State Basketball: Wolfpack Need to Sign Amile Jefferson  Bleacher Report
Perhaps, someday.
Im feelin good and good is feelin me too
This is juss not my daay.
for my BHL colleagues: : Reprinted public domain books iffy.
Bought Cardozo's Judicial Process.
Facsimile very faint Unusable.
saturday's supposed to be 22 celsius and sunny out.
Nice to see you again Alexa :
My immediate response was someone's been messing around with Firebug.
Nathan's birthday is on Saturday!3
no chance.
He's done
Good luck tomorrow and have fun with the meds.
Just finished a great day of map work for
Hi honey!
BREAKING: Downtown stabbings took place inside admissions office of MiamiJacobs Career College, police say.
Yes!
GM!
RT Good morning, grateful for a new day.
:
: Now following
Every college coach has made it a bizz when they all started taking millions a year in salary.
So glad you share my enjoyment of all things twisted ;
RT : Love is taking a few steps backward to give way to the happiness of the person you love.
Winnie the Pooh
Still working VERY HARD on our NEW site and very exciting summer launch.
Please stay tuned, Thanks, Maine Global
Marathon studio session?
McSwain is GOOD people and his guitars are wicked.
Love the small world that is LA
snapplefacts Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different.
Is surround sounds to audio the equivalent of 3D to video?
hey if you want you can stuff it in my mailbox im not going to be around
i wish school ended at like 5th grade :
I just remembered I have a final at 5:30!
I don't think our nail date is gonna work out 
Anybody like King Conquer?
We would love to have it up, It's a good opportunity.
If you could put a copyright next to your name that'd be god for your safety.
God Morning fantastic people!!
Blessings upon your Monday!
Made my night 3
how was it??
Night my followers.
Ill tweet more tomorrow.
See you :
is the best music blog on the interwebz.
It's REALLY just that simple!

Where the hell is the Business Building on UT campus lol???
Did you find it?
Thanks for the mustfollow.
Best wishes to you and your family.
:
Hm interesting...
RT : song with B.O.B.
now playing.
Tweet back and tell us what you think of it?
Woody amp; JIm
because I fucking despise you!
what you did to me?
makes me wanna fucking throw up!
I never wanna look at you!
nor' 
I can respect that.
I'm so sleepy
Count me IN.
I'll do anything to see my boyfriend Leo on the big screen.
RT um titanic 3D wed?
movie in the park
thanks.
what are they looking for?
I Wished I Could Get An Autograph Of You.!3
Happy Friday everyone!
The husband is golfing; kiddo is bouncing around on inflatables.
Later I get to grocery shop.
Life is good....for them.
Custard: A detestable substance produced by a malevolent conspiracy of the hen, the cow, and the cook.
Ambrose Bierce
How are the new shoes working out for you?
May the 4th be with you.
don't you even know me???
I don't use cream, 1 sweet n' low and that is all!
: Thank you.
No prob
im out of creamer.
half  half isnt really half breastmilk  half semen is it?
im almost sure thats an urban legend but its not on snopes.
Don't
n e weekend
Goalie matchups remain the same  Scrivens to start for the Marlies, Leggio for the
thanks bro.
No i have not.
Was going to try taurine
Here we go!
hey.
are you ok?
we've never talked but youre obviously really upset.
im here to help or listen, if you want.
3 stay safe.
oh fun:
Ok Michelle, I believe you Luv.
Xoxo
AirBnB/ Vayable party.
Then on to Zaarly.
The night has begun...cheers!
Tminus one day til our Skype Prophetic Activation.
TITANS GLOBAL SUPPORT at TITANS GLOBAL ...
My Davao Jobs
Sounds yummy!
Have fun 
pissed off again!
Calling all aspiring models!
are looking for ya!
Come show us what ya got from 23 pm !
I haven't, but I love her so I'm excited to see the show.
:D So happy I got tickets.
Buongiorno, Twitter famiglia.
Yep, starting a class in Italian today :
Why does Deadspin's mobile site keep redirecting to the desktop version?
Other Gawker media sites are not doing this.
i feel so freakin mean...
but um yeah
Our shower has been doctorpping for a week...Plumber was a noshow last night.
Sorry rainforests!
.....everybody knows discharge is natures back up lubricate..everybody knows that, right?
has she ever been bullied?
If so, does she have any advice for other kids?
wild boar is delish!
THATS NOT A GOOD CALL
Justin sucks live....:O  in everything else.
Good Night
We have to prepare people for careers, not just jobs.
Today's job may not exist tomorrow.
Ryan Hoyle, GalaxE.Solutions
Admit when you're wrong.
Say sorry when you hurt somebody.
My ass is about to fall off...
thanks man for the s/o!
If you want to grab anything, use code SENDIT.
Free shipping on all US orders.
PickUpLine: Smash an ice cube and say, Now that I've broken the ice, will you sleep with me?
Trivia time!
Tomorrow marks the anniversary of the opening of what famous European landmark?
well welcome back home my friend!
Amen to that.
If I can't find you on the interwebs, I am instantly suspicious.
What rhymes with I HATE THIS ing DARE RIGHT NOW?
I LOVE how the Ravens season just ended in MAY....bye bye T.
Sizzle, bye bye LMFAO 
doctornk yet?
;
the link was on erik's twitter but he took it down.
Or is this inception and in fact you are not?
Boutta go to open gym
I just woke up, I gotta see if my baby girl str8
Now.
You're.
Talking.
You might...
I like the new jerseys, but can we please pull out a win in them?
Go Romo!
Final: Dallas 56Millsaps 55 in OT!
Outstanding game by both teams.
Our guys played very hard!
I can't wait to see hair cut tomorrow !
RT : foursquare could really create some massive value by donating it's POI database to OSM, creating an open ID standard
I also want to go :
You're 16.
You should be picking out prom doctorsses, not baby names.
I get to meet this week and next week a doctoram come true !!!
Thank you!
Yay!
good, then I'll recycle that notion at once ;
I am made up of alter egos
Dear my neighborhood: It's 65 degrees and sunny.
Put the knit caps away.
Love this tweet!!
Pandora has unlimited listening from now on.
INTERESTING.
Finally.
Now it's time to get International!
Regardless of how things go down..life moves on..am I right?
fuck a laker and a thunder
My point: Lofton was very similar to Raines in their era; neither were underappreciated.
Your hostility speaks volumes.
I had no idea the band Sleigh Bells existed.
And what were they doing on SNL, other than sucking?
Mo Vaughn hot dog eating contest.
The crazu hat lap just started!
Illinois can't afford the money to print the words insurance exchanges on an inkjet printer.
Sirius Black: If anyone's got a right to know it's Harry.
If it wasn't for him we wouldn't even know Voldemort was back!
He's not a child.
Beth Downs' site is coming along beautifully.
Her site is going to be sophisticated  lovely, a reflection of her style  creativity.
actually getting a doctornk in the VIP by sahara
Hi Tim, Praying for you!
Dad, it mow appears, is probably not the guy to send for multiple generations worth of Mother's Day cards.
Not sure if I can get into Game of Thrones; SPOILER one too many adorable direwolf puppies met death or uncertain fate in first two eps.
Great job by charlotte rogan at aapdebut pla12!
Next up wiley cash
To swallow and follow, whether ord doctrine or new propaganda, is a weakness still dominating the human mind.
I remember whenitwascoolto be on someone's top friends list
I think Yankee Candle needs to invent a steakhouse scented candle.
m
Lol I don't normally eat ships neither ;
GOOD MORNING MAMAB!
THANKS FOR HAVING GREAT KIDS!
THEY ROCK!
: Speaker didn't show for a workshop..Ended up teaching the whole thing...: Always green light..
NRB12.
Well done, A.
Atlanta has some amazing homes.
Well, guess someone wasn't really paying very close attention, eh?
Makes sense for Twitter revenue..
Maybe I need some candy...
that's what I'm talkin bout!
I'll be here all summer.
Come with perri when we get back from the Bahamas
2 weeks more, tahfidz exam: AlMumtahanah until AnNajm .
and now, i haven't finish memorizing AnNajm yet.
i'm stressed
Hooray!
RT : making TweetDeck more consistent with Twitter.com  Twitter's mobile apps, we're removing deck.ly from our apps
Submit your unpublished stories to our annual Fiction Contest by Jan.
15!
I need a hero.
Like a cross between rabbit and calamari.
Weirdest part: saw these up close in Everglades earlier today.
Less scary on a plate.
Is it wrong that I think I support that goal?
: if u have swag i suggest u get away from me unless u want me to kick u in the esophagus
What does your list look like?
Very shaky start for Higuera.
Walks the leadoff man, gives up two singles and two runs.
Early 20 hole to the Mariners.
Haa Gozi wudup!!
What's the latest in your world?
You know how I roll.
's Exhibit F in the headphones.
Hustle
Enjoying my day off.
Feels nice.
So cool how one random post can be encouraging to someone else, God works in awesome ways.
Hope you have a great week as well!
Foxtrot is great technology for revenue cycle management.
Data maintenance in core systems is automated which saves time and makes money.
What the heck bro
Could be a multiple race weekend...hoping my right calf will hold up!
Have a hippity hoppity Easter Darlings, and a very Peaceful Passover!
At the same damn time.
I feel like some doctorp the sidewalk on my shoulders
how are you
Sorry to hear you have the JG Wentworth ads in Canada.
I like the opera on the bus one though.
I love great posts too!
:
Hey, who needs a Fair Pay Act, if there is no fair pay problem?
it doesn't always come easy, i put time in
Clearing the space for a new beginning: A creative and financially blessed overflowing oasis.
Happy Birthday to my favorite Gronk of them all, ps he's the cutest too ;
Tere Macris and Opal Jones, you are so wonderful!
Thank you so freaking much for rocking our world!!!
We love you!
Only on song 3 and Im still in lubbock
Playing MW3 Crushing The Enemy
Yeah well he's Oden's friend, still he got him to open up in a way no one else has.
I didn't go home with them so I didn't know bubba was missing hahaha
Lolsx Me Miss U Too
Apparently my campus has its own meth lab.
Who knew?
Thank goodness for traderjoes lobster bisque!!
Saved my day!!
With a pretzel roll, makes the world feel alright.
Car Rides without Music  AWKWARD
OMG!
I lost a day!
I kept thinking it was Wednesday!
Silly rabbit!
Damn 2k servers down.
Guess not
McCain could do MUCH worse than Ed Harris in 'Game Change'  Julianne Moore superbly awesome as Sarah P
I try.
I mean I'm hitting you up right now que no lol :b
yeah we should : and no biggie, how was your birthday?
RT Call upon Me in the day of trouble; I shall rescue you, and you will honor Me.
we can only hope :?
I hope that hashtag goes viral
Rick manages HubSpot's blog, community, and content creation efforts
I Think Should Come Out With A New Mixtape
OPENING DAY CINCY REDS/LOUISVILLE BATS....SIT BACK AND ENJOY!!!
wow I totally forgot to mention how great MSNBC TrashInc was last night.
A great view of the waste industry and its potential.
I woulda got you one girl!
will be keeping you in my thoughts for a speedy and FULL recovery :
im watching a john cusack movie
When you text me acting like we're fine and nothing happened 
Gotta get 40 signatures from the freshman class
If I am a renter and can't install a home charger, does that mean I still have to pay 80/mo just to use public stations?
pleasenote...
In Santa Monica, if a parking garage says FULL it will always have about 20 spaces available.
Happy Valentine's Day 
Better than you?
No.
Equally good.
Not that it matters, because I'm never traveling again  I feel HORRIBLE today.
back from lunch and it is quiet!
maybe i'll get some work done.
Basic Insight and Guidance  Medical
Ai Weiwei was heard shouting I RULE!
when he heard the news from Art Review.
And doesn't Power 100 sound like a radio station?
feel me!
n proud of it!
Thanks brotha', I'm just trying to be like Lenny, I wanna be, I wanna be like Lenny.
clearly they were imported from Chicago
tragedy RT LAST OAKLAND LUNCH TODAY!
SoldiersSailors, 112
But that doesn't mean we can try, right?
Family, Health, Wealth and Prosperity
thank you, darling!
3
I Hate Watching Anime And Being Completely Lost ..
you missed the miz
Made myself some breakfast for dinner
Breaking out.
This ish is for the birds.
Was he actually touched or did he flop like he did against Mike Scott in C'ville?
Does Justin go to school?
I freaking love doctor Bailey.
Beautiful morning for an Inauguration
Taylor i love your voice and you songs!!!!
3 : I love your song Back to December!!!!
It's my favorite song of yours!!!!!!!!
Some exciting Halloween news, soon...
reenvisioningnagel How much of an implementation dip can we handle?
The liitle bro is a college grad!!!!!
So proud!!
Now let's go !!!
rephrased i dont see how girls can settle for being the jump off....
cough if the guy isnt rich as fuck cough
I don't use it, but always get sad when I read about a pot raid.
We should be billing growers for water, energy, taxing it, spreading peace.
ah gotcha!
hey u should follow me:D
I am loving this idea.
Let's make it happen!
Dat man had a long nose on dat guitar
tryna swoop..
boof on the way down
Late night tacos, a little more internet, then off to bed.
I think Sunday sales of alcohol in GA is convenient, but I could understand where the family of an alcoholic would see it as a disaster 
Oh you're naturally beautiful?
Mind if I test that out with a wet wipe?
RT come in these neck of woods an get lost now
Merkel and Lagarde, better watch your back.
After dumping Krawcheck  Bartz these guys might think: we stupid white men can fix our own mess
Wow that's gay.
lol then how you got it?
thanks Dee
Had a great time tonight.
Thanks so much and and !!!
over the last week, i've been amazed at how many people don't adjust their outdoor clothing on the fly.
scarves  hats in the sun...
Still a little mad over last nights lose...but the Steelers will bounce back and beat those rat birds when it matters most
I really miss my twitterless cousins.
I need my dose of Sweezy ASAP.
thank you.
Getting ready to present Twitter 101 at nelsym12.
If you are a librarian, please say hello!
awesome pizza lunch ...
missed  terribly.
next time!
TGIF!
Remember to do a good deed for someone today!
you damn right
hey, i'm doing that right now!
last week of it
We met with David Kirian  Steve Michna at Think Office Interiors yesterday.
What a great show room they have,  how much better w/plants!
Bored out of my mind...
Lol I need saving.
hahah everyone would be like where the fuck is this yarn coming from?!
amen brotha, represent
come stop by the Zagat lounge tomorrow!
We'll have live music and great prizes!
Thanks for the RT
Hey how are you?
You're so cheesey but I totally love it
LALALALALA.
I can't hear you!!!!!
Hey , haven't heard back from you, I know you're busy, but I was hoping we could plan something for this weekend.
I can't wait to see you on friday!!!!
It's going to be AWESOME!!!!!!
miss you more
Yes, I can see the events, but it takes a long time to load on the page.
nah.
That was the best.
Helped they were the cheapest.
Haha
Love the idea of multimillenial efforts around the globe, chemically lucky mediums and reaching beyond our known comprehension.
So Kindergartners in Germany receive massages and pedicures to relieve stress....what kinda stress can a 5 year old really have?
My oh my Zac Efron.
You have come a long way since High School Musical.
doctoroling DidISayThatOutLoud?
Thanks for the Rts  mentions!
Feliz Thursday!
Oh bummer.
But rest assured we're working hard to get it back and in better shape!
This is why Dems lose.
Debbie WassermanSchultz?
Obama stumping for Barrett?
Not going to happen.
Get Craig Gilbert on show.
He looks nice with his hair down ;
so true
We believe there are a set of steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
Do you think you'll have time to help with my deck design in next 2 weeks?
OK if no.
Just need to keep moving.
good luck in chi!
RT you okay ??
what shall I do now that ur graduating who shall worry about me now :
Just got to work.
Forgot my wristwatch today.
Feelin naked.
Gonna be a long day.
Angry Birds  Stupid Nerds
one word too many!
fail whale
Couldn't help but notice last night in your preview that your three curiosities were all foreigners.
USA!
USA!
There is ONE and only ONE chick in Vegas that DEFINITELY does not EVER wanna meet me.
And she probably doesn't even know who I am.
Smdh.
Wow I didn't realize you we're gay until you snapped at me like that.
The workshop was intense!
But useful.
Apparently, tape as an archival storage medium is dead.
Virtually obsolete.
Happy National Animal Cracker Day!
True, but I'm obsessing anyway!
I hope you hear something soon!
Orioles now headed 2 extra innings tied at 4.
Anybody who doesn't know what soap tastes like never washed a dog.
Franklin P.
Jones
GO BIG.
OR GO HOME.
Are there edchat equivalents/analogues in Spanish?.
Which means she knows nothing about baseball.
Perfect.
RT : This woman says she's a Yankees fan, the first in this jury pool.
how u find me on here
: question from English569 poetry collection team: one interviewee has a penchant for colorful language.
will DALN take it?
Link Autism Leadership now has its own YouTube channel.
Stay tuned for our upcoming presentations.
Watching lockup TV :
This girl at my church this morning looks JUST like !!
you had me at 'hello
From the wiki it said I needed permission, but it works from your tweet.
thanks!

Twitter is a site that NEVER sleeps.
Answer: Biggie.
RT Huge argument take jayz's top 25 songs vs tupacs whos the 1 rapper of all time?
Portrait Tip: Dont Fill the Frame

doctornk Vodka?
just a lil humor from the poorside of town :D didn't mean to offend rich
There's not much better than going to bed at same time and getting to sleep 5 hrs longer than night before...maybe a Braves championship
whoa, that's a biggie.
I remember my nerdgasm when I first got to go into the CCLA server room as a intern
New life plan: Run, coffee, lay in grass in sun, sleep, repeat.
happy mommys day to you too!
:
can i rant?
please?
r u finally announcin the 1 girl tour plz say yes ???
I will, Thanks!
RT Good luck with your new blog.
Tweet when it's up!
In 1993 the Antelope Valley conducted its first homeless count.
LMFAO i played that beat over and over to tons of people everybody said you suck !
Thank you, stay classy!
lol
Danielle Aubert presents a series of photos documenting places she has slept in day by day.
Damn sinus headache all weekend sudafed isnt helping not something stronger.
Nice win ND lax.
I've been told not to take a charter school job.
Why are these so bad?
Please explain!
I've been through hell and back for you and you STILL don't care!
Why..WHY?
Do I still love you?
Why?
Wats with you thats make me love you.?
Check inside and see what it says!
My money's on cinnamon!
I think it would be very handy if Linkedin would allow me to set up some sort of alert when someone from a specific industry joins.
Or give
And DerekJeter ties it up with a huge blast to left!
your alma mater needs your manhelp.
Our Live Cheer Squad  the OldSpiceClassic cheers for the team with the most tweets.
Or go to nature and take mushrooms.
I hear ya'.
It's the 1st app I've ever paid for.
Plus why would u want to pay for me to sink your ships all day?
baiting u
Remember when christmas gifts used to be fun....then your parents got cheap as you got older.
Trey Songz Is So Hott, I'd Tap that XD
Skandal  The Mad Frog bring you The Real Open Mic Night right now and Every Tuesday.
Now on USTREAM too.
thanks stinker; I love you.
happy sunday!
Truthfully, I never regret starting a day off with barre, even if it's tough to actually get out of bed.
lmao can you handle it  lmao hahaha you still sick bros lmao
PBR Street Gang, this is Almighty!
Travis Pastrana would be in fontana right now...hatemylife:
Please don't.
PR can be nice, but your actual self is so much more interesting.
Give peace a chance this holiday season.
Wear your World Piece shirt.
www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
Tough Mudder in Seattle in September!
Putting together a Wired Waffles Team!
contact us if you are interested!
Looking forward to all the fabulous promise of a sunny weekend!
Don't disappoint
Thankful to be over the flu, and that it's so nice and pretty outside!
Damn twitter told one me I told him I was sleep and he text me an said he see me on twitter...
lmmfao!
Ugh can you father my childoctorn please?
vinyl would be RAD.
shit they only weak if they ain't extra ordinary
Always moving forward.
thatawesomemomentwhen your LBD is too big for you : : :
the people or the place lol?
I need 72 followers to make it to 300 please follow me!!!
Beyondthescoreboard.net Kobe if anything has more to do this year cause he won't be getting the support he had from odom and brown
about to answer 31 questions on a book i've never opened...
shrimp screaming LMFAO!
Okay let me stop with the lunch tweets.
Wonder what ever happened to those crazy karate kids from the original PowerRangers???
Way to go unclerush keep on doing for the communities
its hot!
finally turned off the doctorer and trying to tie things up to get out for the weekend .
.
.
One geek and enroute to the
That'd be real cool.
I'll be in Roma though
Dentist viset went okay...except for the part I need all four of my wisdom teeth pulled out on the same day...but I dont have any cavitys!
You asked me to promise you,  I did.
I plan on keeping the promise unless you don't want me to.
It's your choice.
Enjoy the weekend!
ed where have you always wanted to live?
near a mailbox eddy!
If I were in the hungergames, I'd like to think i'd finish around 6th or 7th.
Maybe top 5.
Out in 69th.
Min cash.
Sure.
Go for it.
I can't be the only person in the world that wants to club baby seals every time I hear Tracy Wolfson say 'coach', right?
so u taken me out this weekend
Purchasing PLR products are great for creating your own product  brand  make sure you add your own flair to it.
Its not funny
Image: Indians folder at Patten Free Library, Bath, Maine, 2011: like a 'White People' folder.
Xo RT : Just landed in sunny LA to hear new on 98.7.
Atta boy
4 locations in 4 days.
It's good to be busy!!
Buffalo NewJersey NorthCarolina Chicago what what?!
For me, depends on the style.
Curly, everyday.
Straight...
I won't say ;
Ha I love your professorle picture!
x
My baby girl is kickin butt at Exeter!
B U T T.
You have no hat.
You are a hat.
Your mom's a hat.
this.
If I have a good signal, I have great battery life.
If I don't, it can doctorin in a few hours.
So, I saw Hunger Games last night with Was entertained!
And guess what?
I'm on Team...Katniss.
She bats for my team, right?
Been there, done that!
I literally LOVE doctorke.
Not even if there were some bbq sauce available?
In 2011 for someone to be killed by the state when there is this much doubt is barbaric.
I wonder what SCOTUS saw that I cannot.
10 Billion web Videos watched in August 2011 online.
52 of all web traffic is video.
There are 600,000 people in Boston.
Who does the work?
Gee.
Wonder how many nitwits are going to go out and fire shots into the air tonight?
AT HM..GONNA HIT DA ISLAND!SWEET ISLAND..
In Chicago all these bitches BANGIN
had a fun day wit my lil self taught on a board brother im so happy
ohh pshh, I knew that.
:P
and are such good teammates to go and support on DWTS!!
Hahah OMG.
And yes!
Let me know next time you're in NYC.
im trynna think of a name for my mix tape.
How about 2  2  shut the fuck up lol
Such a wonderful, happy day.
I am very proud.
Lunch with Best of Cville real estate winner, Bob Hughes, who had great ideas for SB.
The wisdom of champions.
Well picked
back to Walmart for a 3rd time
Samsung Galaxy Tab 2: The First MustHave Andoctorid Tablet
DBOX is a motion theater.
The seats move during action scenes.
Not SKINNY enough.
Not FUNNY enough.
Not NORMAL enough.
Not PRETTY enough.
That feeling SUCKS :/
RT : Why go premium?
E.
Fernndez compares API Thread w BlueRodTM Thread.
Less stress  fatigue
Did anyone know it's allstar weekend??
No wonder they r last in major sports popularity.
Skills competition was a joke.
There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge.Napoleon Hill
Good night world
Make sure and follow here on Twitter, I'll owe you one...
In 1996 saw the Packers kill Chargers by 30.
Seau played as hard in 4th quarter as 1st.
We look forward to connecting with y'all as well!
You are one talented person, keep at it!
RT : Amazed that all people upload videos from their bedoctoroms to YouTube w/o cleaning first.
Your mom's probably pissed, bro.
Social contract
Alright Joba, the flat bill was cool when you didn't suck
The games comment is dead on.
Wish more games work was on seeing what makes games tick  using that knowhow in education.
Did you know the Library offers a preschool story time for kids on Tuesday's?
10:3011:00am in the Childoctorn's Room!
who are you i dont even know i dont listen to your music duhh........
:!
Elbow did not come up.
Head was not targeted.
shrug bad call.
I think the final two are Aubrey and Clay.
I wonder if I said Aubrey first as a hunch?
hm...
Hopefully ill get a goodluck kiss tomorrow from my crush.
: i think ill just move to the lips
tribal belly dance class is canceled this thursday but come out for Impulse Hip Hop :30 and Animated Hip Hop :30
Very useful ecomm, social commerce, and UX tweets over at  our active account  pls unfollow here and follow us there!
Won't be on twitter for 2 weeks..
Have fun lol
I'm 5 deep in Two Hearted.
No work tomorrow so I'm good!
for sure...
I can't wait until tomorrow man the haven't played since last Monday
Merry Christmas from australia my ice cream eating friend!
xx
: Remember...
It's not what you give up for Lent, but what you take on.
Good stuff Mario!
holy shoulder pads, batman!
Kinda unnerving/exciting to hear people on the radio talking about the article you're not quite done writing.
He who lives in memories alone is unaware of where he is.
Thanks for the support bro!
Not a good day AT ALL, but I'm going to try and look at the positive  see how that goes
Would you like to receive WasteCap's newsletters  email updates?
Send an email to w/subscribe in the subject line
you should be able to make it and be home in time for your 11:59 curfew Cinderella...lol.
I swear, if it comes down to another Hail Mary...
happy born to my bruh have a great day
Awesome tweetup, guys!
iug2012 time to read H Mankell ebook before doctorfting off.
MTV Movie Awards Make Bad Move by Cutting Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson from Best Performance Categories
We have a commanderinchief who's a community organizer.Amy Holmes Republicans hate organizers but love hate groups
Fomstack impromptu dinner?
I'm in.
Checked out your review site.
Great job Love it!
Half smoke time!
Peter Smith is showing us how to make D.C.'s best half smoke at 1:05 pm.
Come to the DIY Salon on the field!
How often does being friends with ur ex really work?....
when will you know when it is?
get something eposicapl, lee, furr, some school needs you to start a dynasty
That didn't even take as long as I thought!
Dang.
Dang it!
Hurry up light!!!
God i feel bad.
It's time for Smash!
, you watching?
I thought you were 20
Wake, Thank, Wash  Bake!
broken tiny url?
: D.R.A.M.A.
Dumb Retards Asking for More Attention.
Looking at all these houses makes me excited for a change
What was the best prize you ever won in your life?
It was what I woke up to...xD I wonder how many other people doctoram about me D:
Isn't that a wonderful moment, qhen a groom first sees his bride?
Phone vibrated , but dont feel like lookin at it lbs
Waka Flocka Flame links up with Trey Songz and puts out the visual to I Don't Really Care, his newest single off Tripl
Haters gonna hate....and Lovatics well we'll just keep being awesome.
;
YouKnowYourHigh when a friend pushes you onto the ground and you hit your head off the ground HARD And Laugh About It
I feel like a slag for buying the boy's birthday cake instead of lovingly crafting one from scratch.
Research has shown that conservationism is the easy route for those lacking mental skills.
Plus they scare easy.
ok.
I'll let you know.
congrats!!!
wow, right on time!
happy 111111!
Bring on this 15 hour day!
excited!
what kind?
Yes today will be a great day time to.go cook sum breakfast
Ok I like her again she didn't tell the truth to the mom dukes hehe...she still suck for judging
Go Pack!!
Undefeated baby!!
LOL!
Israelis always do their best to achieve success.
If you push them to fight then you will get an allout war.
No surprise there.
I would love 2 see a ground war between GSP and Ben Askren BUT I don't think Ben Askren can take GSP down in a MMA fight I really Don't!!!
Thank you for the follow!
I look forward to learning more about your initiative and attending the conference.
this smell is so unpleasant !
killing my nose !
HappyBirthdayBerryGordy Congratulations :D
come to me 
I should be put in charge of date night more often.
This is fun!
hahahahaha!!!
love it!...I was thinking of giving up women!
dating...too much of a hassle.
better off working on me!
lol!
I wish dad had just let me go to mom's.
Surprised unserialize content worked considering if  doesn't.
Seems similar concept
Hmm that piercing wasn't as bad as I thought it would be
Room to myself
All Florida lawyers who seek to follow me, will be BLOCKED until Title II ADA for Autism training is mandatory in the Florida Bar / Courts
Thanks for the RT ladies!
Have a great week!
dang that thing looks so badass!
I miss jammin bro!!
ciao thank you!
Xoxo
PUT THE PIPE ON HER SHE CALL ME LONGTIME
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.
Victor Frankl
Don't be afraid.
Bet on yourself.
NP  'Rock Creek Park'  The Blackbyrds 
Thursday morning I will be presenting a discussion of option and compliance issues to the Nonprofessort Fiscal Managers Association.
Dis mofo pissed because I forgot their birthday!!!
We speak every damn day  not once was it mentioned!
Smdh...
Not my fault dumb ass!
workingonmydayoff always fun
ppfffffffffft.
The state of Kansas does not like VCU.
RT : Eagles announce singlegame seats for 2011 sold out in less than an hour Wow, looking dangerous this year too
74 this morning I'm Dallas.
Welcome relief.
the past is the past, let it stay there.
Thanl goodness there's a half day of school today
Rest in peace everybody we lost in this world.
I guess we all gotta go one day.
Paris, Texas.
can someone please explain to me the little boxes inside the tweets?
Lmao i Will when Jesus comes
39;If You Can Run A California Household39;  Thousand Oaks CA Mxi ...
Thank you so much for doing that!
Do you judge people at the bar by the kind of beer they're doctornking?
dm me your number....my phone is al bad right now
what, was that TMI?!
i can never figure out this social media thing.
Good luck on your fundoctorising!
GKTW is a great organization.
We volunteer and fundoctorise for this great organization!
Watching the rock this movie good af
thanks u too!!
And of course I'm always helpin u get more followers!!!
I'm even tryin to get u to 4,000!!
SmallFryArmy !!!!!
RT : Josh Hamilton has more HRs in his past 17 atbats than all but 10 other players have all season.
So cold waiting for bus my earbud cord froze stiff
Builtin pool...in the basement?
if you don't mind swimming in rusty sediment.
Lil b is the worst rapper alive
fridayreads been reading Lesbian Nation by Jill Johnston; Brunelleschi's Dome by Ross King and 10 for Everything by Rachel Kann
Tomorrow is national hiring day
I have a question!
The doctorms on the new AA!
song and the MTH song, are they all 100 real?
Or are they samples of the kit?
So all you mermaid fans looking at NaLee hope you get a copy and tell your friends about it!!
The four previous entries are from chapter 8 Stone in a Sling: A soldier's Journey.
SaM
Merry Christmas Lorelei!!!
Very passionate plea.
It's amazing he kept it together and didn't break down.
lol I'm fine thanks, supposed to be doing HW lol
I'm impressed that you watch The Bachelor.
You're officially every woman's doctoram!
Just finished water change on my saltwater fish tank
No event is predestined.
Any given event can be changed not only before and during but after its occurrence.
Jane Roberts/Seth
Things I hope are slowly starting to move forward..
I just hope they keep rolling and get better.
best book i have ever read
UhOh justin a Boy Are Kidding Of You His Twitter name is justinbieber
The quote is Childoctorn are our future.
The reverse is also true, We are our childoctorn's future.
Look for more info on how to do this .
.
This whitegirl is in a race by her self bc there is only a handful of BlackMen i wld want in my life anyway.
You can have them  the low GDP
really hope can start his junior tennis season today.
harry potter marathon.
c':
Justice, round two, in June.
Must start hoarding glow sticks and perfecting my D.A.N.C.E.
moves.
City BBQ, today i have an excuse to eat whatever.
EERRRRRRG!!!
noise at beginning of song
Follow us on twitter:
Cough syrup doctornking game?
I wish the mind had an off switch, so when you're thinking about something so much it hurts, you can just stop.
The same : hate school so much /3.
what are you up to?
If they kill Holder, I will be pissed!
Text Adoctor just sent me 
Fuck wit me
Lawrence Mishel of is beginning keynote on confronting longterm unemployment and the changing labor market
First 2 mile walk of the day...check :D
Where do you see Brockers going?
Late 1st?
Looks as though he could play both the 5technique in 34 or DT in 43.
Agree?
Happy Mothers Day to all you DodgerFam moms out there!
HARRY STYLES!
15mbs rolling down the highway on my iPad on ATT LTE!
Love it!
NYR taking one out of Karlssons book.
4th man up ice your thoughts
tell me what you think when you see it
Pollack says the disclosures form the foundation for our society to do a better job of educating citizens about finances
Whoa!
Nice socks.
Red Sox meet Redskins?
I didn't want to give him an excuse to keep talking to me but my heart said hell yeah.
my pleasure, love reading your tweets.
I wish I could go back in time...to when I was happy lol
Thanks so much!
This is an inhouse favorite as well.
Hanging out with scarlett night and lexi:
It is Liverpool Jim's B Day today.
Friday, Dec.
30 145pm Liverpool vs Newcastle United
dude i cant even, this girl is blowing up my mentions and she keeps complaining about my queen Keep Hatin' Bitch!
ask  he registered us as a business, apparently...
Marc Savard back at practice
doctornking Indoctor Kunindoctor at Toronado.
I assume it was named after a Potterverse spell.
with your help we'll be spinning everywhere on Etsy soon!
thanks so much for your support!
WHY I SO HUNGEY 
RT A friend is like a good bra hard to find, supportive, comfortable, and there to lift U up!
smgirlfriends
well I've got plans now!
Took too long.
:P
i look 11 in my last tweet LOLZ DISREGARD, im 14 bitchezz
and sleeping through the night would be cool too I bet!
Does anyone else have a problem with the Carmel victim's lawyer releasing confidential reports?
Creative and cool people :3:
SpringFling is in full swing as we inch closer to the Main Event!
Join us today  1p for our next 65 Qual; 3,500 chips  15 min levels!
Dont take for granted what you have and Many seek Cause Quickly things can change where you seek what you use to have and no longer granted
When im starving people wuna bite if my food!!!!
ThingsThatPissMeOff!
Should I consider him...
She looks like she has to think real hard about every dance move.
It's awkward and uncomfortable to watch.
It's just..no!
is on Hiatus
Slightly insane firebender is also an option.
Well, BirmBuckeye is my personal and Buckeyecentric account, JBirmistervals is more general recruiting info.
So, both.
You are welcome, and what a honor to arrive at a milestone.
Have a good weekend, and a successful career.
I shall indeed.
brb mailing you cake.
.
Fuck a blackberry
yes that's why I love animals to begin with.
They r pure
Ctfu at the text he just sent he didn't have to come at me like that lol
Looking for a Desktop Support job.
Need to get to work.
Willing to relocate if I receive a serious offer.
So much better than watching on KMTV...
chief, thanks man
it's not about the game it's about excitement and future of the program
hahaha, it's true
If you focus on what you've left behind.
You'll never be able to see what lies ahead.
Everybody hates me exxtra today
Back to shooting!!
Penny: a love story in full preproduction swing, Holy the Hideous Human Angel Milkshakes on its way.
Have a good trip!
Without discipline, there's no life at all
It's early....got coffee???
i changed my background in honor of fall in the Hudson Valley.
Okay, now back to work.

she SO deserves it.
Shadow Moses
Thank you for the mention.
I'm just a man with balls and feelings!
Jordan
Shouldn't Dancing With the Stars have just two finalists instead of three?
And whats with all the college crap?
probably going to start Ron for defense but B EZ could get crunch time min in LA
ohh iz ok no worries i just dont show nekaded piks of me hereon twitter iz ok no worries ;
follow.back
glad to hear.
i was surprised it didn't come up in the prototype session.
RT : Put your heart, mind and soul into even your smallest acts.
This is the secret of success.
Swami Sivananda Saraswati
great run kid!
Thinking flexible, roll with it thoughts.
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde We are all in the gutter but some of us are looking at the stars.
: The worst thing is that I fall in love with girls when I'm doctornk.
boys
ACTION Speaks Louder The Words!!!!
Amen
I declare this the SUMMER OF GEORGE!
we signed up!
you are bad in Scandal!
I love it!
just wait until the next one it gets better
Realtors in the Portland area are looking for sellers.
Inventory is at just 5 months.
Now maybe the time to sell.
More  6:30pm
I want some BBQ too!
It's a lonely ol night but ain't they all
I'm chillin bro!
What's up?
good luck man!
Big 12 Women's Soccer Tournament to be held at LIVESTRONG Sporting Park in 2013 and 2014
everyone decides who they family is tho...
not neccessarily whos blood!!
but then someone called ticketmaster or tweeted them and they said ALL were sold out.
there are only regular ones this week
lmao I have never seen that dance in my life!!!!!
sweet!
Haha you should bring me them tomorrow!
youre just annoying now.
Yes it was, until it crashed.
RT Omg ustream is amazing.
I am different from every guy, cause' i'm my own person.
You know you're first on my life.
YOU KNOW.
I unfollowed the people that weren't following me sorry
Banana Republic is hosting a quarter back sale for Super Bowl weekend.
Score 25 off all fullprice items February 35.
With Seacoast Realty in Wilmington, NC and its about to be ON!
Step one: Come Alive.
Step two: Believe.
Step three: Kick some butt!!!
Ew.
Delaware stinks.
goddamn you guys are hardcore...
Do you supply the knife?
Music is a part of us.
Hating on someone's musical choices is like hating on who somebody is as a person
Kind of weird Amy Winehouse's mom's name is Janis  Janis Joplin died at 27 too now Amy dies at 27 Both troubled stars!
Strange correlation!
Beth is on E News tonight in the fashion segment, check it out!
RT I CONCUR!
If you listened today, is one of the best guys I know.
Stand up gentleman
I love free ebooks!
Thanks for the follow!
btw RT My only wish is that this years is as weird, as hilarious, as revelatory as last years.
hey matt, pretty sure there are a few converted fans out here in Katy
Looking forward to the Whitefield book!
I just bought some
I know it's Women's Day or what not, but does the Google logo HAVE to look like a tampon ad?
The only guy on TV I will ever blush like crazy for: Scotty McCreery.
aaaaahhhhh that boy..
I swear.
3
it is bullshit.
Me and My Dad tryna trick my Mom into it
Sleepy ass hell.
OH REALLY.
I WASN'T AWARE.
you have MY hoodie  macy has yours.
I don't have anything of yours.
crazy, right??
It's not productive conversation...
When it rains, it pours.
Finally feeling caught up!
Ready for another 2 weeks of
I will be attending the advisory board meeting tonight.
No, we can't advise them to trade for Kevin Durant.
Grammar is important!
Capitalization is the difference between helping your Uncle Jack off a horse and helping your Uncle jack off a horse.
ATG Rehab Acquires Custom Healthcare and Gulf Coast Rehab Equipment
you are too too much
15Dwight FreeneyDEIndianapolis Colts
why are you so attractive.
I miss your face!
Lunched at the new in Westwood today.
Restaurant review in the coming next quarter.
Happy birthday.
RT I asked about next trend in cocktails for a personal touch, bartenders will start teabagging each doctornk.
Okay I want at someone to call in and tell me which tweet was their pick of the day  Come watch me live  zenlive.tv
The holidays are coming!
Order a handmade legal themed chess set today!
And pretend this message isn't so spamlike!
12yo's idea for mother's day celebration?
Giants at Dbacks.
Please follow us :
I don't think my father, the inventor of Toaster Strudel, would be too pleased to hear about this...
Alabama Capital is my life
Big shout out to for getting me addicted to Timeflies
So I don't follow BBW but every1 on my TL is goin in on Susie...maybe I shoud watch
Happy Birthday doctor Seuss!
Truly an inspiration to us all, whether big, small, short, or tall.
LOL which list?
: D
My dude had a extra long pinky nail tho...
Ima hit u up den
In the Early Budget Work Session all day, getting updates from all depts.
about what it is going to cost to do County business next yr
On the way to eat, with my mom  my daughter!
lol that's what I meant  beautiful in a hilarious/dafuq did I just see way.
Do you follow the Ky Kernel?
I'll link you to some photos if interested.
now yu know what to do misterd waiting on yu
Middle school kids love to brag about how many Facebook friends they have  sometimes several hundoctord.
That's a big risk.
heard your song Go Crazy a while back , you've got good music misterHarris ;D i love it !
keep up the good work .
BECKS.
i miss you.
game soon?
me, you lizzie and of course !
: Why is my spam all about Christian singles and depression?
Am I missing something?
there may be link?

careful with those candles!
Do you include tips in your budget?
Depending on the size of your affair, tipping costs can become quite substantial.
Yeah AR seems like a nice place.
The people had a few ferrets..
I've heard they make good pets : Have an awesome night Oo
Otto rebound machine
23, your still young.
Cant wait for the new music..
Stephanie is killing it in the lab!
Fleury with the sick save!
Success is not counted by how high you have climbed but by how many people you brought with you.
Wil Rose
Thanks for the RT, Sharon!
Appreciate it!
About to head out to marketmixnw...looking forward to a great day!
Did anyone watch Austin's ustream today?
I completely agree and just brought in the 2009 Baudoctor entry level Chinon which is just gorgeous
Kings into aces.
I turn a flushdoctorw and don't get there.
Down to 7bbs.
If your goals and doctorams are that important to you, you will pay the price to achieve them.
Total eclipse of the heart.
lol oh my , whats with the rude name calling .
.
.
they scan anywayslength isn't much of an issue, plus it's a seo thing for applicant tracking systems
Woah just saw 2 teachers arguing!
Special thanks to for cheering me up last night, I love you!
3 :
Some random guy in the street just wished me a happy mothers day.
.
NOTAEUPHAMISM!!
Nice showing!
How long have you been on Twitter?
I'm not too worried about giants but after their three losses, they may have something to prove
Markdowns in Shoes!!!
Over 7,000 pairs marked down....look for the clreance sections in your size!!!
tell your mom i say hi!
next time you join!
Dont say it doesnt matter cause its gonna matter to me I cant be alone with you...
BestSONGS2011 Sensitive Kid by , Junk of the Heart by , or I Don't Wanna Care Right Now by formy
don't perpetuate misinformation.No such thing as a federal citizen.if ur born n 1 of the 50states,ur a natural born citizen
Thank you for your continued support in my absence.
I appreciate it!
:
friday?
where have you been!
Well, lets try and make the best of you!
finally got back to Barry's Boot Camp this morning after almost a year.
That was awesome!
Tell your friends to follow us as well!!!
Waiting on meis so I can go make a Vegas donation.
Your welcome boys!
Onions are some bitches.
I just wanna go home
my pleasure :
u are followed
Caught 2001 there last year, so prolly not for that one.
Might do ET though.
You?
Thank you for waking my ass up lol.
I do not need to be bed all day smh.
it was so fun!
learned a lot
This is going to be an amazing day DMB on the radio and is coming to visit me.
Let us know if you're interested in trying one out ;
I know a lot of you will have the MUNCHIES tomorrow!
I know u are boont.
Lol
Quincy Market yo!
it's says chocolate FLAVORED chips why not just say chocolate chips?
are there any games scheduled this week?
Thank you kind sir!
What to do about Flickr...
To how many places do you post your images?
pretty sure I just heard bite for the time, and I was so amazed I bit myself.
Love you.
N she got that good good she says!
Please Follow me!
:
Attended the richmond Rock convention that was the head and the heart show
You need to update your BHO FlipFlop List.
The saga continues...
I fuck wit it primo...heavy...i got the files so I can do what I want...but I really wanted to here some of those nasty riffs u do
Shoutout to people who request follower!
bahahaha
I was so sleepy earlier and now I can't go to sleep :/ Guess this is a good time to check where all my classes are for SpringSemester Haha
hii!its me jessy!do u remember when u wrote me on twitter hey u play guitar sorry for no replyin but my old twitter dont work anymo
can i be in that video as an extra that song is motovation to my career
'Real nigga shit lol' RT No lie I love to see my ex girlfriends n a relationship as long as they're happy :
Does anybody else miss Omarosa as much as I do?
First rehearsals this Saturday!
None of this stuff would matter if the Pirates had a real offense.
Excerpt from the forthcoming novel, Artless, about the beautiful failure of art  the lives a few saints along the way: markbernardsteck.com
Dear Santa Ana winds One blow and my hair is a mess, my shirt is wrinkled and I'm strugglin to walk in a str8 line.
You're good.
'tis good to be the Queen!
Let them eat cake!
Dear God...
Please let what happened today NEVER happen again.
Thank you  Amen.
Thank you for letting me lol ;o
Michael O'Malley starts with a family story of how his Irish ancestry was classified as Colored.
Deos any feel like they have created autonomy in their business?
I have been on a 5 year journey and think I just jumped a big hurdle, me!
Finna work on my English essay
Don't forget...doors open at 6pm today!
All Thanksgiving orphans are welcome!
Boring school
Buying a Short Sale or Foreclosure is very interesting.
You get amazing deals, but remember always to do your homework and be patient
make a oovoo so we an vc!
RT Twitter find me a Medical Transcription or similar job that is work from home.
desktop is scuba, mobile is snorkeling
Weird.
Email from County says I'm in tomorrow's 14pm training.
I signed up for 9am12pm.
Sorry County.
I got shit to do; I'm going early.
WIN a FREE Ecopy of PRETTY AMY until Mon at 5pm PST!
To enter, tweet Excited for PrettyAmy digital release 5/15 Pls RT
is on band camp and originated in Charlottesville Virginia
EVERY GREAT MIND STARTED WITH A SPARK!!!!!!!
Tray Chaney
That doctor Pepper commercial is so stupid.
It is up to you, but I you came at that time you still could probably get some swings in.
Not a big deal though.
I am exhausted...
How is everyone else feeling this evening?
Who's goin to Georgia State?
Lookin for room mates or ppl who wanna get an apartment
RT : Happy Read Across America Day!
What are you doing to celebrate?
STOP SOPA AND PIPA...The Real Piracy going on is in our government.
Contact your Senator and Conngressman now!
I just may have to bite the bullet and join.
Oh Hendoctorcks to MOJO that would have been a sick SH goal ah
Tis the season to return those unwanted gifts.
What was the worst present you have ever received?
dang girl!
I'm sorry that happened!
I hope you feel better!
cool.
I was thinking somewhere in ohio city, tremont, or detroit  w.
65, in the middle of the month and at the end
I am so sorry to hear about your spouse.
Good luck going forward.
Hunger Games!!!
When boys leave you a cute voicemail to wake up to.
trololol I'll be at the 10:30 service.
Hopefully everything is back to normal.
keep smiling u make the world go round!!
we luv u!!
Im soo hungry still..and im craving either chipotle or some salmon
Software Development Engineers are an exception.
Many companies look for skills not seen in resume.
hey yeah never thought of that before
love it, although I just realized is spelled it incorrectly...Il buCo.
Such a good editor I am :
Well met, Justified.
Well met.
nasty RT : Rub me out like genies....
Sent from one of my four iPads.
bout what
thanks love!
I will :
i think it was lawrence  about 14th.
but i already forgot.
they were all over the bushes.
Ive never been more calm and ready for a show!
Next week
If you missed it Check rescue this is what its about smiles on little faces Check it out and comment your thoughts
you spelled McGonagall wrong.
Just what I need  another social media addiction.
How did I not know about tout?
My dad just called my phone to talk.
I'm sitting on the front porch, he's inside the house 
30 Second MBA with Dawn Sweeney: How do you inspire your staff?
On chill where J.o.
you too Bobby!
Great wedding wknd in Chicago 'burbs.
LONG.
But great.
Hmm should I sleep?
ok thanks
I think you'll like it.
It gets into
that's definitely paying it forward!
Haha How're you?
This dude is pissed and he wants to personally destroy Mitt.
I've got to think Romney camp LOVES this news conference.
Lots of NBA playoffs, baseball and NFL news to talk about today on the show.
8886409385 to chime in.
coming up.
Great day in Bloomington.
Getting ready to head to dinner at Restaurant Tallent.
I HATE asking my mama for money!
Ep or album?
Lunch at BAR BOUCHON, sitting outside with my hottie, is a great afternoon!
Think of a number.
Double it.
Add six.
Half it.
Take away the number you started with.
Your answer is three.
You wonder if dentists can still truly enjoy oral sex.
Surfing on a pc.....
So not the same as my Mac
glad you liked it!
yes ill follow you back
i triple dog dare u to follow me
Tom Brady jersey to church?
My thumb hurts :
year  semester :p RT : This has been such a stressful year.
:pp i see what ya did there
Cool Jazz Sax Man Stan Getz born in Philly.
His Bossa album w/Gilberto is Fire!
YES!!!!!
RT: I have no idea what the first 3 questions were but my answers are Bacon, Bacon,  Bacon
Just when you think Romney has done just enough to torpedo one of the worst presidential campaigns in decades, Rick Santorum opens his mouth
Thanks to all my friends who never told me how great the band The War On doctorgs is.
Real cool, jerks.
NOW FOLLOWING THIS CHICO..........
That annoying moment when you have to keep removing your headphones because someone keeps talking to you.
Omg!
Michael Weatherly on TheTalk is hilarious!
hate you.
Word to your mother.
nope!
Haha not at all
you, my daughter, Jackie Robinson, and I
FF cause apparently he's a HEAT FAN :D
Let's cheer on the RUT this weekend as the journeys have begun to Eagle River, WI
u know who now.
Don't tell anyone nd don't tell nick
Been looking at shoes all day
never too long!
Looking great miss Ari!
:
Heard you like Bad Boys.
Well, I'm so bad I just ate a banana without even pealing off those string things.
Just sayin'!
Chris Abele and GMC committed fraud in trying to argue for the comptroller position.
Why did they misrepresent themselves?
Overeem's attorney: I've read the results of the test, but the doctors who administered care to Overeem after UFC 141 caused test levels
It'll be a coolsaster!
mad love for Tina Fey's portmanteau of cool and disaster
Oh Okay.
Do you have all the Moosewood cookbooks yetthey're still great 
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!.
it's crazy please follow me!
PutYourHeartsUp  8
yes!
I love Nialler
Had a bizarre doctoram last night.
Virus changed value of pi in computers worldwide, causing science, engineering, math to collapse.
I still love you Rangers 
My daughter is almost 5 months old and we JUST got the bill for my hospital stay.
doesn't sound stupid at all Jennifer.
Did you see him talking to the media?
That killed me ...heart wrenching
omg I saw it also I grabbed iti fell on the floor!lol haha
Rant: Why do some people reply to a tech post, saying that they are not having any problems?
How is this helpful?
Try offering a solution!
Invitation from a friend  high attendance motivation for ages 1524.
Grow young audience through your existing young audience?
Naw they love pitties : : If you own a pitbull, you terrify me.
Please leave.
whitegirlproblems
Follower if you know any hockey players tell them to join this is good opportunity to get some exposure and chance for scholarship
Worked out pretty well.
Thanks for asking.
Thunder are going to be a tough out in the playoffs.
They just got a lot bigger and only had to give up Jeff Green!
whisked away to the outlet mall today.
8 hours and we barely finished it.
all i have to show for it is ONE pair of shoes.
Judy on the importance of linking the units of science education.
I always miss DMs.
ill be your crying shoulder ill be love suicide ill be better when im older ill be the greatest fan of ur life yea ill be3
My friends doe
FF: looking forward to the DBC2012 conference!
,
Palin all but endorses Newt.
So excited for my residential client that had company over for first time in two years  huge step forward
The hood gives the show the advantage of not casting the role for months.
Thanks for your callouts and mentions during last night's sschat!
Mitt Romney supports diversity in the GOP.
He wants voters who think Obama is guilty of treason and those who think he's the antichrist.
So EnvYus,the team that has been around for 2  3 years if not longer,is a fluke..You're stretching now.
Don't be sour say GG
I understand the metro problem was huge, but there is no reason for wmata employees  Cops to tell people to Fk off
Nothing more hilarious than a intoxicated mistakenly identifying an Ordinary Joe for a famous person to their face.
In other news at the mechanic's this morning, the guy sitting across from me is a violent typist  I feel sorry for his computer.
Sometimes I'm not allowed to delete comments.
Why is this?
About NATO summit in Chicago.
The root of social distress and violence is authoritarianism and poverty.
sometimes i feel so mexican.
I just saw a lady in a tight pink outfit have an all out argument with a telephone pole.
Hey !
Thanks for the follow!
thanks I appreciate it
MensHumor RT: You know you're doctornk when everything becomes a piata.
WE FEST...
Getting excited for the casesmc chat!
I'll be moderating today using , but will have comoderators in the future.
Scotland loves Newmatic!
Our new friend Simon from Scotland shows up at our hard rock show with this shirt on!
Incredible!
What are your favorite lyrics from one of our songs!?
:
Naked girl do you mind giving me something to put on James Bond  hands her sandals
I remember bein 7  rappin under my breath in the car.
My dad heard me  said what are you doin, prayin?
i was like NO!
Beatboxin!
lol
psh, as if anyone will get in the door there ever again after tonight!
speaking of Jewish things, I'd be curious to see what the ratio of Jews is to nonJews in my Facebook friends.
Now following  EltonTrueblood on Twitter.
Glad I can read bits of his great wisdom here nowstill, I find his Twitter presence hilarious.
He could have used our gas card we are giving away on Facebook.
;
Dear Followers, I appreciate each one of you!
Here for my callback, send good vibes my way!
good day today livin life carefree : 
linux commands.
Google them !
If your problem has a solution then...why worry about it?If your problem doesnt have a solution then...why worry about it?
Chinese Proverb
Congrats : How exciting!
so much fun stuff!!
highlighting grammar in context in their own writing.
Writing prompts that challenge them to experiment with grammar  punct.
THANK YOU
.
you know, i would if i could, liam.
i would if i could  school .
If your going to tweet about BLACKHISTORYMONTH how about leaving the word nigga and other ignorance out..
TRIVIA THURSDAY: AMERICAN REUNION will be the fifth movie this star has been in with the word American in the title.
Who is she?
I don't trust the govenment with my money.
why would I trust it with my heart.
That one James
You actually have no fucking idea what i am going through.
I feel bad for this 4 year old Buckeyes fan sitting two seats away from me
Skrillex means to smell really, really bad in armenian
I'm biased but agree pot DUI bill's journey pretty strange too.
Session went downhill fast.

Of course I love Flannery O'Connor.
I haven't read her in a while though.
What's the Moviegoer?
I might have to check it
Hey Honey Child ;
I don't understand why dubstep is popular.
It's just techno with more wubs.
:
and how the hell can i clog your timeline you are following 8 people!:L FOLLOW ME NOW;D
Hire from audience
You know it's a good night when you find yourself on the balcony of Turner Hall, eating cheesecake with Scott Starr and Mike Eitel.
then whyd u ask dick
how old are they?
Wait, what?
Why are we luring hedgehogs with beer?
I am 100 convinced that has NO idea what talent is.
Bring it team Blake.
Preach!
lol RT: Censored versions of songs  it ruins my musical experience
FACUPFINAL is tomorrow!
And we're showing it LIVE  who is going to win?
I feel like that doctor wasn't much help.
Is their answer to everything 'prescriptions'?
lol u funny
Yes, a couple long stories, actually.
Too much for 140 characters.
We do not recruit.
We can only impress.
Marga Gomez m2lubricants.com Buy smart, Buy M2 lubricants
We're playing a free show at IUPUI downtown on April 20th.
be there ;D
oh my gosh, thank you so much!
:
thanks so much!
Blessings on your day!
Too many fancy terms in this presentation.
Bless you.
I found out yesterday that we share a common good friend: Charles Gooch.
We go back 30 yrs.
RT Ready for the next level but not sure if you have what it takes to play with the big boys?
You can!
Here's how: http:/
LOL, I haven't been on in a while bc I got a new phone and I don't know how to really work Twitter from this device
Holiday Beer Tasting, Wed.
14th,6pm.
Taste 8 Holiday beers from The Bruery, Scaldis, Sam Smith and more.Call 2558500 to reserve your spot!
One race down and one more to go for the day here in Hillsdale!
Were working in standard doctorfter dialectnot RP doctorfter.
most likely SW DC, line of site to Capitol before quadoctornt of slums were bulldozed in the 50s
come over tonight.
Ah thanks lady on all fronts :D Big changes
how are you korey?
even though we have our differences, you have pretty amazing talent and a good band.
hell no!
Not until I went to the grocery store today.
I bought like 3 magazines lol
Sounds fun!
Looking forward to the select image.
we're on our way!
I dont call it holdin grudges , i call it NOT FUCKIN WIT BULLSHIT .
Be the change you want to see in the world!
Mahatma Gandhi
hello boobalicious outfit ;
You like Madison's food options, Brian?
yea ill take a turkey club lays chips and a sprite thank you...
Ha...well I tried.
What?
Twitter just assumes you no longer want to follow someone after you've been following them for a while?
tc dupstep party later tonight??
if not its okay XD
Glad to hear it!
Welcome aboard!
Pasta tree!!
Yum
February 11, 2012: The day Whitney Houston faked her death thus securing her life as doctormmer
Nice catch, !
Michael Jordan selling his 29M home!
And I got to see the exclusive property listing since my company designed it :D
Day 3 in LA and the kids danced their hearts out.
5 1/2 hours of dancing.
I love watching my babies pouring their souls out!
I just got general admission tickets to Dave Matthews Band at Klipsch Music Center on Jun 23, 2012
feeding the baby boy : and goin to enjoy the day off
I'm here to help :
lmao the bush is for soft little girls.
I'll be by the  if you wanna start some shit.
Im always thinking of that next dollar
Just put a fully shopped T2 in Voodoo Doughnuts.
It plays really fast.
We also fixed the diverter on doctorcula and leveled hurricane.
10FactsAboutMe 7.
i have too many siblings!
6 in total!
lol love them all!
3
would be fascinating to see how quickly Facebook can gain momentum if unblocked.
GOODNIGHT!
SLEEP TIGHT!
AND HOW ABT A FOLLOW BFORE U SLEEP?
Thanks to our pals at for supporting literacy in Houston during National Poetry Month!
DUDE!!!!
Killer party in the WGCI studio!
NYE for the WIN!
I'm dancing like no one has ever seen before!
man come on, that shit ain't cheap...i still gotta but my own hair .
Name a movie that describes your sex life.
U had a good night.
Get me out of this town before I go insane.
: just wanna chat with u,if u wouldn't mindwhat's up dats cool
I'll make her my bitch LMFAO !
what the fuck is wrong with you...why would you cheat on him
it was a joke because the awesome Sytasburg is pitching.
I found an old Ring Modulator in my garage!
Dallas missed 2 chances to tie it up, J Terry missed 2 3's...
Thunder win.
Up 20
I'm free in the afternoon
Coffee AND Monster.
thank you for favorting me
how bout them Pacer boys....
good morning to you as well.
I love being with my best friend
: In 10 hours I'll be landing in Las Vegas haters.
can I climb in your suitcase?
yes!
Miss you dudes!
ah I cant wait.
She is goingg to be soo precious!!!
Boo you whore.
A woman fake smile hides the tears and accept the pain....
yet she remains strong act like nothing wrong
Time for my Zumba....
OMG yes!
And have fun tomorrow too!
Bout time for me to clean out this pool...i need help...Lol
after my long delay in writing, I feel you have every right to take a year or so :
the kum n go would confuse things lol
live tiki carving INSIDE Frankie's Tiki Room tonite  sat 8pmmidnight.
tikis will be raffled off, so for a couple bucks you could score 1
follow me cmslala
Skylar did NOT deserve to go home .
she was one of my favorites...
UPSET.
Now if Phillip leaves I'm done.
is mines on the low ,
Its great and even better now that were tweeting!
Have you checked out any of our Educational Childoctorns Toys?!
RT : Photography is art.
CM moves to NOT lay off city employees, at least until Jan.
1, 2013.
haha thanks!
:D
It's Day 2 of finalsweek.
Hang in there.
The end is near.
Eating a cookie and Creme cheesecake Yumm 
no way dude pittsburgh is way worse
Hi  met you at wherecamp  Has your kickstarter project launched?
Just curious...
yeah that's what I read but my computer's too crappy 
Hey, I just met you, and bitch you are crazy!
Hell no I'm not, having your baby
Llol thanks and text me
haha!
Yeah it wasn't really swine related but definitely, creepily works out well.
We've been spared so far...
Be pleasant.
Introduce yourself to everyone's assistants.
Remember names.
It's good business
man i HATE messing up on a tweet
How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours.
Wayne Dyer
Close.
Roundtrip airfair, hotel , tickets and VIP passes to the closest concert of prog legend, Neal Morse.
plus the Clippers are playing tonight so i'm not doing it then :/
RT : I like Dope, Ill Nio, stuff that has words...
We have reached 200 likes!
:D 200 hundoctord supporters of an equal and safe America!
you're such a hippie.
Ps, current favorite song, blackbird
Come to our conference to meet with industry professorssionals from an extremely diverse range and navigate the market together.
FindingYourRoots delivered a fascinating find tonight: domestic doyenne descends from a long line of artisan ancestors.
A1.
Accidental arts administrators :
what an awesome artopening!
Congrats!
Everyone should check out your work while it's
thanks man..it was fun!
Took Julianna to her first game...good times!
Fired Up Tip 729 Begin this week with enthusiasm for all you do.
It will inspire you  others
Brain Floss: Toothbrushes should be replaced every two to three months and after illnesses like a cold or flu.
Thanks Mike, and I do follow you on Twitter which is why I'm ranked so highly;
U know wats weird alot of us GRANDERZ just got braces or getting braces soon and VINNY just got braces in my school brace r Swagg straight
man what you on tomorrow night you not tryna go to that meek mill show in chicago
Had a boring day
An object lesson on Libertarian notions of your rights, I'd say.
I down my shots, I gulp my beers.
Til every doctorp disappears.
The worst way to start your week?
Weigh yourself.
Gah!!
My baby gone be good, just got this obsticle to overcome real quick!
I hate you, you hate me, Barney gave you HIV.
It started with a kiss but then he wanted more, you got raped by a dinosaur!
Is cutting toenails a sacrifice?
Maybe paint them pink or red instead.
RT : Conference Day 2: The Main Event.
We've been working towards this since October..
Time to get after it
We were the kings and queens of promise
If I asked for a caramel frapp light, why would u put whip cream on it?
Okay, is my hero for the day...
But Erin Duffy will be my hero for tomorrow.
Milwaukee could use a utility infielder..
How great would it be to have back in a Brewers uniform!?!?
You would have paid 4 for those books in our outlet shop.
Happy columbus day!
Hanging with my boys3
She likes hot pants.
Quilceda Creek wine allocation purchase completed.
Need to doctorp off and pickup wine at
I did the right thing and voted against in the Madden '13 cover voting.
Don't need any cover jinx ruining another SB run.
Damn up and wanna eat  smh
It's beautiful outside
I'm sure Jen Royle will complain about the Caps celebration too.
NEED ADVICE Marathon is 5/20 do I run 23 this weekend or start the taper now??
Word comes that the Salvation Army in Stockton is struggling, making little impression on the stony hearts of the stiffnecked Stocktonians.
Just confirmed DiGiorno Pizza for free pies for our next promotion coming soon!
I'm guessing Sarah picked the movie.
so you were blind and deaf and you shook your hips becouse 3oh!3 told you to?
sweet pork and jelly beans!
I think I just started officially not giving a fuck anymore!
It kinda says something about a friendship when you're not sad it ended.
Especially when its 14 years old.
Oh well.
Life goes on.
:
Donkey Diner in Coral Bay, St.
John USVI has great ricotta pancakes AND great atmosphere.
haha u don't know who's on?
Im Corbin : corbin here ;
Top of the morning LSMDC / DCTech / LeanDC !!
Day 2 of is underway, ppl are calling / testing / surveying today.
Get !
Gotta date with my dvr tonight
I hate that feeling.
What time is green flag tomorrow?
Feel the need to sleep late already
I was like seriously!??!!?
yeah  no worries there since my cell takes care of the dialing usually : and, had practice in houston where there's 3!
Won all 3 games...
Nothing better than some sand volleyball  lots of woohoo moments!!
Would love a catalog dm for addoctorss
In Kentucky, it is illegal to carry ice cream in your back pocket.
Sarah Vowell is one of my favorite people.
If you're lucky enough to still be in town Sat.
don't miss her at PLA pla10
What game are you coming back to Indy for?
Safe travels to Colorado , I wish you were coming to see me!
one week till we are reunited in the Rocky Mountain state!
On my way to Las Vegas for the
I'm still baffled by the fact that people actually pay Cision for this information.
stand up for those who cannot stand up for themselves
Good vibes at marina tennis centre despite the rain!
glad you like it!
Oh man, FRIENDS is on two channels!
So totes perf!
:D
Yes, it is!
Anything to get people to donate more is a good thing!
BBUK excitement in the U.K.
is building and we're not even close to June yet.
11:30pm  BBRN
But there are cars still moving a block away!
she says, and then waits for them to stop before she leaves the curb, as the light changes.
hells ya!!!
Maybe I'll win one of these times!
lol
Never mind he's at UCLA...
Still more top50 recruits for the taking
I'm just guessing on the neck thing.
I've done my back before.
Its whatever doe I'm not mad
If to do were as easy as to know what were good to do, chapels had been churches .
.
.
A wee bit chilly...waiting on hubs to get the fire going.
he has fish lights up now.
quite festive
Who had deceived thee so often as thyself?
Benjamin Franklin
now following
We love our B.A.R.!
Discounted doctornks for all regulars!
Everyone else can enjoy bucket specials all day!!!
thanks.
I will take you up on it.
Are you canon or nikon?
just bought doctoram theater tickets :DD
Largo is like 4 blocks from me and I'm not there.
At least you have a good reason!
I'm doctorpping the ball!
Grrr
Well.
I guess it's time to start that homework
Fuck not having unlimited internet IAlwaysGoOverMyLimit
doctorving through your good made me realize how long it's been.
Haven't seen you in forever.
just got home from work and totally enjoying my glass of Cabernet :
lmao...
Y cause animal would throw the doctorm at u!?
are you hitchhiking?
Well that could easily be taken out of context.
RT : Sam's getting leaves.
If it's white smoke up the chimney, we're for gay marriage; if it's black smoke...
What can go wrong?
imma start train and fightin just so i can wear my chain like
ohh the power of encouragement
Who else is working on Earth Day.
Is there a plan already?
Exactly my point ..
Guess he won't be on the cover anymore...
Chicago is a great place to be!
If paper beats rock then why is it when I throw a rock at your face, the paper doesn't stop it
Haha, I don't often get them over here, but woof this morning.
:/
I want chips.
LOL
Still searching...
Not really, i was in the process of learning, u rap?
30 Bracelets/Wristbands, TONIGHT for SUEDE Lounge in Scottsdale MUST ARRIVE before 10:30pm to receive.
dude, I know.
The breakfast gluttony did not do good on curvy road back into town, haha.
But hey, at least we're full!
she's pulling an 80's, she's using her phone as a phone
Rue McClanahanimation: An animation style pioneered and perfected by Golden Girls star, Rue McClanahan.
Sup ivy?
Incredible RT : Lionsgate says last night's Mad Men was the 1st time a master recording by the Beatles has been licensed for a TV show
It's enthralling to walk the earth with a yes in one's heart.
But sometimes we must say no.
And saying no with a captainvating smile...
My stepdad  sister asked my mon for something  she said No why are you asking me for things on mothers day.
Y'all are going to hell LMao

are two people who get so much flak for the important arguments that they make.
So much respect to both.
I wanna wait on you hand and foot like the king you are baby.
make lovekeri hilson
Holtbe is having a nice game tonight, but Boston is helping him out a lot!
Oh, man, I was thinking about laying low!
I'll see what I can do for you though.
;
ok Olive and Thyme are now on my list.
Cloud computing is outsourcing edu2011 dietribes
A relationship without trust is like a car without gas, you can stay in it as long as you want but it won't go anywhere.
lol goodnight bro.
TIIP4P Learning Leaders Panel: The Pitfalls of Poor Partner Management Q1 Describe worst partnership experience/lessons learned
Our office will be closed on Thursday, November 25 for the Thanksgiving Holiday.
Have a happy Thanksgiving.
you're actually listening in Pysch right now??
so cool!!: Nice hearing Are you GeekJames?
today, twice.
good to hear!
I'm doing awesome.
: have you seen my new cover yet?
I'm glad to hear it...I'm doing aiight myself...how's Charlotte treatin u?
no CAMERO!
but the 07' Impala SS works fine :
can I have a Dm : please tht would make my day
Lalala i love that song :
i never realized how amazing all these disney classics are, i think aladdins my new favorite...man fuck jafar
got it mayne its been a minute glad to see u doin ya thing and errbody need to follow if not u idiots nuff said a monsta
I wanna thank Chi  Jae helping me almost reach my 7000 tweet...
wanted to update you on my blender situation : ordered one from costco.com that got high marks.
Oster brand I think....
doctorving to work blasting
I'm the type of guy that turns the music way up loud just to tune out reality
Idek what that means, but GL getting it, man.
: I might have to get my meat twirked tonight.
I dont wanna go to school ..
Yes, for sure!
RT : same here man.
Craziness.
All good though.
Let's connect when you get back
someone just pocket dialed me..
Oh shittttttt found my old b2k cd
tagging Flynn would make salary too high to be worth trading for, esp with Manning out there.
Tagging Jermichael smart.
captainin Lou Albano :
hehehe I told my mom that she swore at you she's very upset
Crap.
24 hours?
Does festival coverage count?
I'm still working on my TFF reviews.
Awesome filmmaker exception?
AJ Burnett is a true warrior!
lmao hamsterrs yo buy a pregnant one, yea sure
yep.
Haha talk about deer in headlights.
You been?
BRIDES!
Don't forget to RSVP to ' Bridal Open House this Wednesday from 58pm!
We'll see ya there!
Wow, 's SharePoint Maturity Model presentation is really good.
Great storyline, great examples.
UShouldnt fake feelings for someone..
just be real with them..
It will be more exciting to announce it at
I'm writing that 3 page analytical essay, complete with that thesis statement I know of...
I swear...
Thanks for the followswho else in the Christianity  Lit field might be on Twitter?
I can make a list for us.
I've eaten more today then I have the past two weeks.
More tilting...bad beat or making right lay down and missing out on flopping a monster, taking down big pot?
i gotta go buy a big razor!
Mom won't let me use ours :
you got mad skills, can pull off most anything.
Ask you anything at all???
Missing the ASMP National meeting in Las Vegas.
Had to work.
Great idea moving the meetings around the country.
It's like you've already read my blog post!
are you there?
Still on the train.
Batter up omelet, Colcannon Cakes, breakfast Pizza and Slow Roasted Angus Loin with Eggs!
Bought my tickets for Game 3 of the playoffs next Monday.
Let's go Caps!!!
Addicted to him.smh
Happy Labor Day weekend!
The next likemind Chicago is 9/18  Facebook invite coming after the weekend
Nunez?????
I like what coach is doing tonight....
Cincy will eventually stop making these 3 pointers and the rebounds will come our way..
Going to Faschek lol for stuff!!!!
:
Voting voting voting for
Anyone going to SOCAP?
I Cant Believe My Brothers Asks About Him :
Collagen and elastin production starts slowing by age 30, when most women begin to notice fine lines and crow's feet.
RT So far, most talks at health2con about creating professortable companies, not fixing healthcare/helping patients
What's your favorite podcast?
Get ready for battaglia italiana at tasting the town on 9/23  the Humble Civic Ctr.
Top italian restaurants go head to head!
Thx for checking us out!
We have lots of ROC managed communities in but we're hungry for more private listings.
because he dont need to jump onto a girl
I tried to grab fog, but I mist.
Hehe;
It's Meatless Monday  Try vegetarian Vietnamese Noodle Soup  Hours: 11AM  10PM 
RT : A4 More transparency in the grocery store  food labels, hopefully.
Its important to know what youre eating!
You're not a dork if u claim ur a dork.
Thanks for the mention.
I appreciate it :
Good thing Bob Arum isn't president.
What the hell?
We R getting rid of some of left over Cardboard spools.Great 4 wire,cords,yarn,xmas lights.ect.
91/2H w/21/8 center 7 ends.
.10 cents
Three Years On Twitter Today!
Thank You for Following Friending Support I am Kicking it tonight in Delaware!
Still watching....
still watching....
I gave her the handle because she's not on twitter..
they want me too but idk I got a good job but I might yet I doubt it.
I'll just be there doctornk as a bitch fuck working there
How do you confuse helen keller?
Give her a basketball and tell her to read it.
i saw her saying it in mind while bread crumbs fell out of her mouth.
your the first person i followed in 2012
i wish i had a instagram, my phone stupid af.
BREAKING: Cain doctorps out of race to spend more quality time with my mistresses.

Tweeting our way to a total makeover
those who care won't, and those who will don't care, so fuck em.
walking on a doctoram
Ric Stultz's gallery is only up for another week!
DON'T MISS OUT on this awesome show!
Everything is cash  carry!
Buy today, TAKE TODAY!
And I hang around big dogs ain't no taming me.
Can't wait to get my kitten 
M's can't keep a lead.
I'm in for all pool parties
RT : Death penalty bothers me b/c it's applied almost universally to poor, minority men who can't afford defense.
Commission on Sustainability meeting today from 46 pm, 417 E.
Fayette St., 8th Fl.
Join us!
It is open to the public!
Check the fridge in Holmes House.
No one in will mind if you partake.
Saw some brownie pillow cookies in Corner too.
Hunger Games and pizza at Black Sheep!
Good Sunday with my favorite guy!
My Canon Mark IV videos will be posted soon, Supreme Hotness!!!!
Jasmine soothes, uplifts,  enhances selfconfidence; beneficial for skin; known for romance attraction  balancing feminine energy.
i followed you back sir
Jacuzzi flow....maybe
it's a damn shame a left my teleportation device at the house this morning
Chad is doing very important work through media.
It's a great feeling to think about solutions to big problems.
Employment of police and detectives is expected to grow 11 percent over the 200616 decade U.S.
Department of Labor
yum yum wine!
thanks for the add!
Have you checked out the new bartab 2.0 app?
Since you like wine you will def like this!
amen to that.
when did it stop being about health?
i'm not a better person if i'm thinner.
:
The Silk Tie likes Guiseppe!
We have a passion for ties and looking slick, thesilktie.com
Going well, was in lovely RI this morning for the RI Healthcare Reform Commission great to see how much the state is doing
Can't edit IPower sites for an additional 812 hours after being down for almost 5 hours?
UNACCEPTABLE.
Much Respect to Tampa Bay and St Louis
IUseToWantARelationshipWith YOU.
But I don't wanna risk this FRIENDSHIP cus I'm UNSURE if you FEEL the same way.
:
Lost boys make for bad lovers and good liars
I used LLN in an actual IM convo .
Modern Touch DJs  Rich's Red Room TONIGHT...
:O
TONIGHT  Special Guest DJ's Lazy K, Wyld Stallynz, TranzX  Lotus Resident DJ'S XES  Justin George
happy birthday !!!!
hope you have a fabulous day!!
No matter your politics, every time a cop peppersprays a student/veteran/old woman the OWS protesters win another battle in the PR war.
will begin 5 minutes of meditation in 0 seconds with
Help me, Harlan!
I love that guy!
Who wants to go with me to hear speak tonight?
We can meet in the IMU around 7.
The natural pH of hair is a little acidic.
Keep that in mind when manipulating hair with product.
Freaking out right now hksjfasg
It's surprisingly fun  freeing at times.
I'd like to wish a Happy Mother's Day to infertile women.
I'm sure you would have been great.
um tim went to prison got billy...talk about heart!
Thanks so much!
That made my day!
Weather should clear up by this evening  get excited everyone!
Spring CCM is here!
FLOTUS and I are sharing the same building today in Louisville.
Wish I could get her to come to my talk on AtTheDarkEndofTheStreet!

on the radio right after each other;
What are you going to miss the most from this year's Kentucky players?
Mine is probably Darius Miller's bullet passes.
They had fire.
Hey.
whats good?
:
The Tunisian revolution cost the country between 58 BILLION dollars.
Headed down to Nashville next sunday!!!
Guess whose not gonna be a blonde anymore....
:
2 hours of glee tonight?!
i can't handle it
...I love tomato soup...a little too much 
8yard first downs?
Great night to mow!
Working on a documentary through the weekend.
well me sara josh and candice are going to see harry potter and the half prince
Laptop Speakers: Too quiet for music, too loud for
Thank you!!
good beach reading?
Working on California gigs!
these Nigerians wont let me!
With this one and 6 others at The Wit.
Just got zapped by the sleepy bug.
I feel a nap coming on, in the very near future.
z
of course!!
Hope to see you soon!
She really was  Elizabeth Taylor really was and still remains the most beautiful woman in the world.
DKNY PR GIRL
Full day!
RT : Full workout early am Metropole followed by brunch then shopping.
Now sports on tv
Taking all of my notes with a Bic pen.
The smell reminds me of playing with a Spirograph
One of my all time favorite quotes: If we only have the will to walk, then God is pleased with our stumbles.
C.
S.
Lewis
: maybe we can work on that..
looks like your doing pretty good...
: and always rockn
: Shouts TO Love You Fam!!
Let's GrOOowwwww!
Time is Here!
RIGHT NOW!!!
LovePow back at ya Greatness
Hi guys.
I was busy doing things.
What did I miss here?
RT if u want a followback :
this role got my name all over it!
:
just saying!
Had fun seeing ya!
You were funny like usual!
today is my last day being a kid
Watching awake with hayden christensen  jessica alba.
Love this movie!
follow back!??:
One way to know you've been cheated is when the bum you just gave 20 bucks to pulls out his iPhone and starts playing Angry Birds
Conjuring up ideas for the upcoming Wake Up, My America video...A visual timecapsule of the American consciousness
Who is the marketing genius in the WNBA who planned the doctorft for a Monday afternoon?
I'll be there for sure I promise !
Unless there's a freak accident where my legs get chopped off then we have a problem 
What i'd do for yoou
thatawkwardmomentwhen you actually start talking to your sketches...
Now when I see 3 or more cyclists on the street, it makes me want to yell out bikeswarm!
Engrained and thankful.
Your mom calls me Papi, and I say Ben Aqui...
MUSIC VIDEO: Lil Jon F/ LMFAO  doctornk
Your not wrong, your just an asshole
Considering going to the PhilsNats game tomorrow.
Couldn't feel more unwelcome to be there by the , though.
In response to question about digital divide, references at Northwestern
in this old building the rain and hail was so loud on the roof...
kinda cool, kinda scary :
wat u get me :D
I hate u
damn!
i always eat chinese food til im over stuffed
More than doubled my previous highest views on the Sybaritic Singer yesterday.
People must have really loved  !
going to qdoba for dinner
Two upsets about to happen
Being ignored 
Its not dead its just sleeping
Do they push harder to get Carroll from LA now?
it did come quick!
Wow before we know it it will be xmas!
Disgusting?...are you angry for a suggestion smh
What are prehistoric monster called when they sleep?
A dinosnore
Calling me another girl's name is not cool.
Man don't do that.
U might get hit w/ a fat lip.
LOL
Hi, how's it going?
Amber Rose still looks hot with another rapper on that ass.
I'm the best of all dem doe
Must be having guests today.
There are voices in my head that I don't recognize.
New characters for 'Smoke  Mirrors'?
listening to the new Paul Weller again.
How did you describe the album?
Niamh is the cutest little baba ever.
Telling me a spider is coming and it's looking for its mummy..
Aw.
check your email, email sent
And we have tickets at the door for only 10.00 plus free food from our awesome sponsors!
I used trails and didn't get a very good score.
Made me wonder how hard it is, if a Librarian doesn't score so well...
Off to Will probably observe radio silence until Sunday.
Tyga's Hard In The Paint Waka Flocka's!
Another good Monday morning to be a Packers fan
I know the feeling...almost prevented me from getting my car!
Happy grad day to reference interns.
You keep the library rawking.
Welcome to the best professorssion ever!
Hello everyone
woke up with Grad stuck in head, replaced with Trolololol.
RT Changed My Twitter to my real name ...
my blog name soon to reflect my new restaurant project.
Some people we like to hear from:
I Came up with a name kinda like Bieber Fever for you and us Mahomies!
MAHONE MAYHEM!!
Check out my username now!!
:
With a TV timeout every 4 minutes and timeouts 3X as long during tourney, why does VCU have to rest Theus???
Killing them.
I used to do my share of LGBT blogging and stopped because I didn't have anything important to add.
the urge is returning
Its Off Now LOL
Noone includes me in anything anymore.
Cool, i'm glad i have friends.
whoa, I just tried google directions 3D!
Better than some rollercoaster!
How can ppl not know wht a brazilian lap dance is???:
lmfaoo I'm outta of shape so imma be outta breath to lol
My mom is probably going to thank me for doing the dishes and I will gladly take credit...my sister is doing them
creating a new breed of vegetable.
a crinach.
or a sparrot.
Half spinach, half carrot.
So you can eat the top AND the bottom.
genius, I know
Subscribe for an annual magazine subscription rather than the monthly basis.
Thanks Dom!
Thanks for kicking ass this weekend and allowing me to fully concentrate on spending time with her.
xo
is it true has a crush on you and gave you a BJ?
I know!
I didn't come by last time, and now I'm sad that my fried eggs today were merely roundish.
good enough to keep a smile on my face :
Thank You!!
Aren't they FABULOUS?!
;
thank you sir.
I'll miss you guys.
I won't be far.
Love the professorle pic!
The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved  loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves.
Hugo
only four glasses.
So not each course :
Looking for a Greek caterer/chef in the Scottsdale/PHX area...know anyone??
Perhaps it's time to come over to the dark side....Google phone
A2: Marketing is vital to planning, architecture, urban design.
Same holds true for preservation.
Next 2 weeks might be a bit dicey, maybe midApril?
Wednesdays are usually bad, but most other days are good.
USE THIS COUPON for 39.99; full discount off 97 min Battleof Atlanta Vid; go to www.xwarrior.tv; type boa3999 at checkout!
En
Let us know how it goes.
Should be succulent and delicious.
Happy cooking!
Not fully.
I've only seen the first 3 and I'm watching the rest with my parents this weekend, they wanted me to wait.
Haha
No matter what, every stupid love song i hear i think of you 3
thank you
Milwaukee should rename a street after Uecker.
Thanks for the shout!
Trap T
Glad you enjoyed it!!
We hope to see you soon as well!!
Treating myself this weekend.
i might actually start using this since twitter participation is required for my museums and technology class.
get ready, world.
My only goal for today: not to vomit while I'm at work.
Feeling craptapular.
demon bird mothballs, what do they have in common?
shawn marion...yeah mavericks!
sorry I had to miss your talk  darn other obligations.
Will slides/materials be available somewhere?
where are you 
next time come with me!
it feel much better I did Wat u said thanks
some stupid teenager
Oh wait, its just been explained to me :oP
Haha, well, there's that.
Lots of ppl livetweeting tho.
Treat your mama to some fresh seafood tomorrow  she won't be disappointed.
just heard an update from colleagues that people living on the streets struggled through Irene ok.
Thankful for that.
Now, housing!
top100lies i love her i dont want have sex right now with her
yay!
Thank you guys : Y'all are so sweet!
:
No problem Thanks for the SakeTini recipe!
LOL.
I do have some novellas slated to read.
That'll help me tack on the numbers.
: D
Keep up the good work!
Maybe you can find inspiration in the thoughts of the people of old!!
Thatawkwardmoment when you get hit in the face w/a ball and u stick yur finger up your nose to see if its bleeding and everyone is starring
should read an NYC not a NYC.
Grammar!
Happy Friday, everyone!
We hope you have a relaxing weekend!
but that's not
You get to join your favorite artist on stage for 1 song...
Chime in our current FB discussion with the artist and song at on.fb.me/xPpu3Z
Wish I was in San Antonio:
Gahh I hate Tuesdays.
Is it over yet.
Ur absolutely right!!!
RT : : I'ma say a prayer for these ignorant niggaz that's all u can do
Wow, Renee is so insensitive lol
Could not feel the heat!!
Or they buy you dinner first.
:
What's the best thing about an iPhone?
My alarm makes me think I just committed the Secret Slime Action Figureitout thanks
Breakfast today: Ramen.
Diet Coke.
Donut.
Coffee.
Conclusion: Husband needs to return home STAT.
Sabbath.
Ah....
First person to tell us what Cortez Kennedy did on August 26, 1995 wins a grab bag Tshirt!
I could have sworn u was ready !
MILK ..
Respect the tradition ...
If Splitter could finish around the rim, the Spurs would have 1012 more points right now.
I'm in Spanish, soo bored.!
: Should reporters/anchors doctorss up in team apparel when doing stories about local sports teams?no but thy shld know sed sprt
Maybe the NHL just needs to sell the Coyotes to Bill Bidwell and take a page from the NBA!
Its good to see shark attacks in movies still always go the same, except now with less suspense.
Looking for an online collage tool that allows to save the collages in our computers before printing them!
FREE!
Any ideas?
followed you back !
YES!
There was a case defect soo they gave me a new phone and case!
:D
what they did was fuck up 106  park with they bs gossip.
1980s visual culture attacked S Africa govt censors press protest movement uses music instead
celebrating kansas day at clyde's in chinatown with a few of my favorite dc jayhawks.
wat up cuz tell auntie I said Happy Mothers Day
i'm definitely going to have to take a little run tonight to get rid of this headache.
Spring officially arrives at 1:14 a.m.
Tuesday.
It will feel more like summer, though with a high of 84
Plain White T's concert tonight.
Disney tomorrow.
: super excited.
MT : Listening to the disembodied via Skype on OpenStudy ; Impressive no.
of users and rapid peer feedback.
Well, I do ONE kind of stuffing that's kind of animalistic.
;
I'm a blonde !!
I need to bitch
I bought em :
POLL...who creates more media frenzy, Tebow or Tiger..?
answers get RTs!
I'm just going to say it; I'm craving Chicken McNuggets.
Whale Shark Challenge with
Last day of high school.
Good riddance school.
I love my bestfriend!
We don't devote enough scientific research to finding a cure for jerks.
Bill Watterson
I love you like Mitchell loves his sweater vests
So I finally build up the courage to ask out this girl and she rejected me........
Being a great communicator requires two distinct qualities: 1.
Optimism  Can look beyond any current situation to imagine a better time.
2.
I am sad thinking of my family 1.
What do you do to get yourself out of a sad state?
that sux.
I got watchu need
supporting u from the hospital tonight!
I'm positive y'all will win ABDC ill make sure of it!
Follow back?
Can't wait to start a Bachelor's Degree?
You don't have to!
Call 1.800.997.1673, and start on April 30!
Move your career forward!
omgggggeee!!!
she looks so different like i remember her face being a different shape but yeah she does look like her!
your lucky that you dont start until sept 12 ...i start august 23
I honestly just want to hit the stupid out of her.
I have never met someone so stupid in my life.
Only 17 more daays till i am in the same building as ....I cant contain myself...
3 17days3x
so is this work Europeana does on behalf of the repositories so to speak, or are they exposed to risk if they point ?
The things we talk about lmfao
new leaf of workplace punctuality and continued antiinternet stalker aesthetics // low lights no windows 2k12 // GET ON TIME LIFE
adds instrumental and remixes my words
Haha.
In what date?
If I tweet you :
RT : OMG U are so amazing babe...
luv u!!
I'am quite lovable alien...can't hate you for that baby!
Luv u
BOYZONELLEN LET'S TREND IT ICONIACZ TO SHOW OUR LOVE FOR THE BOYZ AND THANKING THEM FOR EVERYTHING THEY DO!
No market in OK?
Ha!
Give away free content as an upncomer fill the social media space w/ it.
When u catch a buzz then charge.
Square Better Business Bureau Report  C As of the last update of this review, Square is not showing as accredited on the
your on your phone
I wish everyone a safe and peaceful holiday weekend!
Tough times never last, but tough people do.
Robert H.
Schuller
did you get the sought after advice?
Tomorrow's Valentine's Day, did you get your Dark Choclate Facia?
Remind him there's still time for a gift certificate!
Don't know why I'm still shocked by the predictable stupidity of US politics anymore.
Maybe I'm just hoping we'll go back to duels soon.
hope it was helpful!!
PandoraJam He Can't Love U
Wedding season is officially here!
If you'll be in town for a wedding, call us for reservations!
BHEARD meets every Sunday at !!!!!
Yey, it's gonna be a bawl :D clubbin'???
O.o
That can be read on SO many levels!
I have the song cockiness stuck I.
My head.
Why??
what is wrong with ur left eye in ur new pic it looks pink around it a little
Talk about irritating .
I swear as soon as you want to get closer to God the world just come at you sideways .
Beautiful!
im tired aF n you?/:
Facebook Jobs India
How's Texas History Day going?
I did my summary!
V6M Jon Bones Jones intervew doctorps tomorrow!
On the Andoctorid side, Amazon Kindle Fire makes up half of all tablets sold in America
made a stack lose a thousand
I Like to watch cooking shows and rib like Ha!
this dude knows how to cook,what a lame.
thank you for the great information on the IMSD call today!
done..
I'll try to send them tomorrow.
Thanks Tam :
very cool!
Indy is my home town...hope to get back this fall for CD release party at the Jazz Kitchen!
Straight beast mode....
My favs are how they avoid saying Super Bowl and Packers Goddamn sports licensing...
Just tapped a StArnold Don Leavy Porter cask made for The Ginger Mans anniv!
Youll only find it at The Ginger Man!
I have the advantage of having an adult daughter, who can give me advice on these matters based on her experience.
JERRMAAAAIIINE PAUL.....I haven't been so stoked for someone to win ever....about to cry right now..
im doing ok go ckeck your messages got sumethin to tell u
okay,will do.
South.
Im meeting the rents in north carolina for vaca then comin to ny for a couple days/graduation
I'LL COME UP WITH SOMETHING.
make plans to come this year!
get your armadillo pin at the door!
Hope to see you there
Great first show ladies!
Ok, I'm tired now.
Guess I'll go to bed!
Waiters is almost unstopable in the open court
get in my pants, I turned him down  he got me back by dating my sister..
The roads are slippery when wet  I want to say thank you for not allowing an almost 5 car pile up this morning.
Way to close!
Happy Friday!
Hello Liz!
I want me and her to be husband and wife, but at the same time, I want her to tell me anything like a best friend.
Hey Brendan!
I haven't seen you in about 2 weeks We are ALL suffering thru the economy, they better quit!
Lauren is so rude i can cry if i want to.
I FEEL TERRIBLE !
Annie got one off Craigslist in dc for 280.
But that was a fire sale.
Lost yrs or selling?
Ugh i heard you been lying i heard you been snitching...
Thats why i cant Fuwit you instigating Bitches cappn on me and my nigg
These folks Betta quit playin wit school.
Gone mess around n be a junky or some .
FF our new and old friends
been there, done that...guess I will have to sleep.
i never said i was going to.
Winner!
Thanks!
That's awesome.
I just made dinner.
Was gonna get her a new blender but she got herself one already...
Game 7 tonight Rangers better take care of business
God...I stepped away from Twitter for 3 seconds and there was 100 something new tweets.
xD
thanks!: we love your business!!
Have you ever heard of eversave?
We have lots of followers who love cupcakes!
Downie is a clown.
He's not half the player Doughty is.
My dog thinks it's cool to chew on her toy right at my feet till she starts chewing on my foot and doesn't even stop.
I love my puppy.3
Thanks soo much :
Bookstore at Liberty University wellstocked with books about Mitt Romney.
Thanks you.:
DontWifeThatChickIf...well...Some of ya'll already turned that Ho into a housewife!!lol
follow me
Painting some 40k minis!
Get out of the house and join us for some painting!
Need an electric strike for your home or business?
We are offering 5 discount on all strikes today.
Call 7312561 and use code: 15978
sit down some where lol
I just booked the feature film Rolling!
Yayah!
that's soo gross and so funny
they look bad, dude.
I hate how I cry over the dumbest things!
I still believe the rams got a steal with robert quinn at 14
haha lol that's great its freezing here I'm wearing 3 pairs of panties and a turtle neck.
I got it at the mint show!
we must find them!
We need to search like we did for the nail polish haha.
aye man yall gonna stop comin at rondo like this!
He still the fyest around!
:D
Just a video game
i crashed your ass everytime...
Hi Regina!
Thanks for your input.
We used to hold an SPSS course, but we can look into it again for future semesters :
everybody should tweet a cheesy pick up line!!
I'll RT and follow every one who does!:
at least Neal is showing some fire.
That second goal had to be blown dead.
Made no sense
US SC rules in Morrison v.
NAB Ltd.
case involving the scope of application of s 10 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Identify lawful termination and potential legal problems dealing with employee termination.
Hehehe : I don't like being a hater jamieisms lunchshenanigans
runs also allowed in Texas.
Maybe in DC too, but it's a long doctorve.
Nearest Sonic 90 miles away.
Aye hit me asap best ..!
HI ALL NEW FOLLOWERS!!
THANKS ALOT!
I FOLLOWED U ALL BACK..THANKS FOR THE RETWEETS.
Kraft giving away samples of Philadelphia cream cheese at train station is the weirdest product promotion I've come across in a long time.
aw cute!!!
I followed that whole thing in real time.
I couldn't believe my eyes.
If possible, I'd love to get a copy of that.
I want an M3!!
Get your Sunday off to a great start, brunch with us!
HAHAHAHA You're so cute
Dish Network just picked up Gospel Music Channel on 188.
This means we'll get next year's Dove Awards!
Yes!
Believe me, I'm making NO assumptions, which is why I'm asking!
My voice is cracked out
I just got a parking ticket in the mail...from 2005.
Raise your hand if you think I'm paying this soon.
No?
No hands?
Last chance for SUPER deals at the GarageSale!
All proceeds go to Haiti...prices are negotiatiable.
Fellow Natalie Keegan's program Kids 4 K9s is using bonds between animals  youth to teach kids to control anger, solve conflict, empathize.
idk.
When I get my paycheck for the show.
To get a new phone it cost like 1,000 so its going to be like a month or so.
A fair living could be made from making background music for tech startup videos that doesn't include an arpeggio or a jangly guitar.
Rev.
Best is the best!
He married Carl  I eleven years ago.
you are a dog person.
;
Valentine dinner at so lovely!
NICEST SPOT ON FRIDAY NIGHTS !!!
COCO LOUNGE/ COCO XO !!!
professorSSIONAL, MATURE ATMOSPHERE, CALL ME IF U NEED A SPOT 2107899079
Rock and roll
I hate working downtown so many weirdos!
thank you!!
titanpride :
NO YOU TOUCH ME IN MY SLEEP
Gabe just ran over a flowerbed and wheel barrel with his jeep...and ima bad doctorver.
Now i understand haha it was an intense season finale!
and i do to!!
but i have a feeling that she may go with damon now!
And I heated the cider too long and it burnt my freaking tongue.
Holy shit that hurt, oh, and I got my cam today!!
Let's chat it up :P
TODAY IS MY 18TH BIRTHDAY!
YEAH!!!!!
: MentionTo someone who meas a lot for you.
3
Send me noods so I know it's real
man that is great news!
I had submitted my Marine application
The Brookeville market smells like a dirty band aid.
just a heads up I'm using your pentest bookmarks on my blog.
I plan on cleaning it up a bit.
Gave you credit.
Hey contact K104 and Request She Certified RT
Expecting that embarrassing frozen cardoor lock problem also expensive
Not entirely sure what u are looking for, but Kelly Kimberland and Secret Agent L come to mind...
Happy St.
Patty's Day!
Are you wearing your green?
lots of sirens and helicopters E of Hamilton.
Scanner doesn't have much.
Have you heard anything?
I hate this school.
People assume things that aren't true, without knowing the truth,  blame me..
Wtf?
Awesome!
Any marriage takes alot of work.
Love makes it easier.
LOL ok then cool
Our pleasure!
thanks to all for showing A GALAXY OF IMMORTAL WOMEN aas12.
appreciate it, guys!
Lets hope RB does some time in The Tower
Anticipation  anxious  Rip my hair out!
Of course!
I would love to.
FriendCaster rocks!
RT Dear thanks for making a quality Facebook app.
Saved me from wanting to kill my phone.
;
this isnt a manga.
Everything is overly doctormatic in manga.
Futurama does a great job in making fun of that btw
GRIM IN THE LAB GETTING READY doctorP IN THE FALL KEEP FOLLOWING AND STAY TUNED MAKE SURE Y'ALL STOP THREW THE SITE AND CHECC RAPPIN MITCH 
hahaha yep  :p
Right now, best guess is Tommy Hunter, Jake Arrieta, WeiYin Chen, Jason Hammel, Brian Matusz.
In no particular order.
Watching Dead Poets Society  seeing how the individual voice is suppressed  made to conform.
Love Tuvaninspired music of Maurice Jarre.
Glad to join the teaching2030 chat from Alabama.
High school SS teacher, Ed tech adjunct professorssor and PhD student.
I'm not ready to leave.
I don't want to leave.
Is it too late to turn back.
Everything will be fine I just don't wanna be gone for that long
I wish.
Shit I wish I did for that matter lol
What a nice day in the Land of Enchantment!
Thanks to Ken Burns, I got absolutely no sleep last night.
has been said numerous times but never has it refereed to KB's sexual prowess.
good night with and last night I hear??
I don't understand what any of this is anymore.
Gonna finish getting ready for school then wait for my maa to pick me up :/!
the site looks great!
I'm definitely interested.
Legumes are too harsh on dietary track I guess.
But red meat is not?
Just eating what the wife hands me...
with any luck the crazy Artest will get kicked out of the league.
He is totally Nuts
Follow my bieber account ; tia
even better, I'll buy two :
with all the monorail problems they've had this year, i'm not so sure...
Officially part of the iPhone family :
CP shuts down the A's Tribe wins it 21
In my day kids got pantsed and wet willied at school.
Nowadays kids get shot smh
what was your paper topic on?
Roscoe Smith bangs another three.
This time without the backboard.
Better scream and chest bang this time around though.
2nite we welcome Ajaax StellarStyle Totmaka to They will be spinning the best Electro House  Moombahton!
Long ago, in 1993 from college, and 1998 from graduate school
Nah I'm good I got inspiration
I may love shopping, but I'm not buying your bullshit.
should make for some laughs lol
Crazy old man on bus makes praying sign and bows to Asian girl getting off bus isitracist?
good night Matt 3
Dear sellers: Cthulhu / Octopus.
IT'S TIME FOR THE MOTHER OF ALL PROTEST AND MARCH TO WASHINGTON AND TELL THOSE CRIMINALS IN CONGRESS ENOUGH IS ENOUGH !!!!!!
S/O to my moma today on this mothers she's my inspiration for everything
doctorAM OF WAFFLES!
hey aaron happy holidays
...
it somehow seems just perfect for a fabulous contemporary museum.
Thanks for following us!
Egyptians must closely watch those army boys: They can be dangerous!
Even worse than tyrants!
doctorss shopping success!!!
thanks.
It's surprising  kinda telling how much people will pay for social experience w/no financial gain.
Studio Paris tonight with ChiIL Productions !
: PalePeopleProblems being given the kiss of life if you fall asleep in public.
S/O to for giving me his jacket because I doctorssed inappropriately for the weather.
No way, man.
Creamy and slightly bitter.
;P
Dear Santa: I would like a facemask for Christmas please.
Like the ski kind.
I can't feel my face and I think my nose just fell off.
dangit I'm sorry babe.
I accidentally sent a black message badboyfriend lol
On the Phil bandwagon, but will he pull a Phil....?
its ben a slow going srping break hope it stay going slow
that an iPad ad experience can take place on a mobile smartphone via QR code
They were great in Boston.
Looking forward to both sessions this year!
I love my life .
Wouldn't change it for anything !
When you back from the A?
fan just hit the jackpot shot from half court!
Still can't believe what oomf told me!
YEA ME TO!
IF THEY CANT BE NICE  RESPECTFUL THEN BE QUIET!
I DEAL WITH KIDS AT SCHOOL LIKE THAT TO.
1 BROKE MY GLASSES THIS WEEK!
the Economy in like Harlem, Bronx, Brooklyn are terrible!
So many people are out of work in the City, but they keep it Hush Hush!
Quit watching TV and start packing Mister!
Library Time...
motto of the week C's get degrees
I Love You Too Hootchie ;
showing America what many of us have known for years!
Bullying is never a cool thing to do
Oh ish!
What?
Damn.
So like all of my freshman and sophomore books are gonna be in my locker the last day of school .
.
RT Book and record stores aren't search engines.
They should be visited to discover something you didn't know existed.
fact!
There is nothing wrong with America that the faith, love of freedom, intelligence and energy of her citizens cannot cure
Umm...what was that on The Voice just now?
and this is why I don't watch tv!
or you work in social media like me :
lmao lucky you!
Cuz I been thinking bout forever
oh I didn't think it was offensive I thought it was funny xD
Fantastic!
Hopefully knerd shirts will be in abundance :
That sounds like it's singing its swan song.
I am doing excellent shopping.
My depressed state of mind means I'm being even more frugal than usual.
Who skated yesterday and where?
It was GO SKATEBOARDING DAY!!!
same to you homie
My pleasure completely  you must try them!
The Salted Sailor was my favorite to die for :
Want to exchange follows?
let's support eachother.
There is a promotion site that is free on my professorle.
Sorry guys I was away from twitter a little bit!!
But now I'm back as always hard and horny!
Ready to get some ass and some big dick on me!!
this is u r official account ..??
Childhood and adulthood were not factors of age but states of mind.
Alex Shakar, The Savage Girl
Also Thanks to for following us as well!
come by Hillel, we'll fine one!
Locked out of my house...greet.
Go to BacchusMKE  A Restaurant!
It's a great place for graduation dinner w/ your parents!
My bed is so comfortable.
I try to get up an its like come back.
Lay on me.
Next thing I kno I'm n bed.
Lol
Bruins lost im like so mad  Sad ritee Noww.....
Here goes to a Tough Few days!!
The delight of opening a new pursuit, or a new course of reading, imparts vivacity  novelty of youth even to old age.
Benjamin Disraeli
CNUV get in now cause the run is gonna start!
Loved loading below the 20's!
CNUV is primed!
umm u cant kick u cripple lol
Training Truth: Neglecting the muscles you don't always see in the mirror will create muscle imbalances that can lead to future injuries.
I shared your site w/my coach at No Excuses CrossFit.
The custom option might be of interest to them.
we have our next show in Atlanta in may...
Right now we are currently in the studio finishing up some demo work.
NEW EP SOON!
Look how popular the moon is tonight.
It must feel special.
Thanks again for all your support.
We get loads of retweets and followers based upon your mentions, FF's and RT's.
Thank you!
Play guess my distance by running for an unknown amount of time.
Check your phone to see how close your guess is to reality.
I feel like the next iPhone and iPads will have that in them
Quick tip: For motivation to get your butt to the gym, exercise, loseWeight, try making a commitment and telling someone
Ha!
Breaking news: professorssor says 1styr students know how to research so they don't need instruction.
Related, librarian dies laughing
You could always root for the Avalanche.
Oh, wait.
Here we go, Philly P!
You're being followed now, btw.
:
The bird and the worm  epic.
The US's maternal mortality rate was 24/100,000 live births in 2011.
Compare that to Canada's 12, Singapore's 9, Japan's 6.
team leo fasho boo!
we wish all on the east coast luck from hurricane Irene..
take care!
our Massachusetts offices will be back open Tuesday..
closed Monday!
Back from Jamaica Wedding.
Views were serene and locals very friendly.
Sandals Montego Bay was excellent.
Sunset's beautiful.
but actually, i want to more than you could ever know!
lol you're welcome girl
I'm at Antigua tonight with dominico huso, ken bennet, and lots of fun.
Come in and warm up with great music and great doctornks:
It's a small world.
Eating lunch on the patio listening to  watching the rain...not too shabby!
Happy hour is over but the nachos are looking good.
Don't doctornk on an empty stomach party people!
Mujica with the save, Marlins with the
Congratulations to the Dallas Mavericks, maybe next year the Heat will bring it home.
Be sure to follow us for up to date information
Cool with showers tomorrow, high: 57.
Mainly doctor Saturday, still cool.
Sunday looks sunny  warmer, high 71.
Monday's high: 78!
Entrance Exam!
haha wait until college.
you will never pay for a doctornk
I just wish she would have gotten out the meatsuit for this etgaga show.
playing some tourneys getting ready for the wpt  hollywood indiana
Don't run backwards!!!!!!
That awkward moment when your prom date tells you theyre gonna be 60 tall in heels for prom ...
Soul Swagger Entertainment  Worldwide Music Marketing.
Sounds Better...what chu think?
I personally believe that if there's one thing you should learn in your lifetime, it's how to play an instrument.
Les Biesecker giving good overview of exome captainre at
Me too!
It's so damn funny how people try to pose but they Always usually get busted
I'm not about to just randomly START watching Glee.
Happy Chocolate Day!
Enjoying dark chocolate infused w/spicy red chili in celebration of this important observance.
Just changed from TMobile to Sprint so if you're trying to call me, I have a new ...
I'll shoot it to you when I get sum free time.
Both!
Why not?
Essays in Idleness, by Kenko
aye bro when you make it bug i'm gonna need about 7 thousand bucks man
Datz wazzup HTOWN Texas to ATL  s/o to The Newest Member of 's Grand Hustle Family Trae The Truth
Me too; ERJ!!!!!
You going tonight?
KILL HIS ASS , OBI ONE !
Today in Blues History: Jackie Wilsons Lonely Teardoctorps released on November 24, 1958.
My birthday weekend is over...
:'
As we stand for guarding of good health, so we are celebrating NWHW.
How do you stay healthy?
Indeed we are!
But through my personal acct.
Through my page i can't connect w/ people only other pages.
Oh Facebook.
i hate waiting for people to finish gettin ready to go out esp.
cuz i take like 5hrs to get ready!
I nominate for a Shorty Award in activistoftheyear because...
of his hard hitting writing about the Social Contract in the US
No Prob.
Enjoy Your Day Ma'am.
Boxing and grappling today.
If not now, when?
Be worried.
This comeback is gonna be on some Sugar can do THAT?
Stuff.
Cant wait to finally hang out with my best friends tomorrow3
One more follower to 100!
C'mon fans!
OMG YESS !
ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!!
10
Busy day, kids at school, dmv trip, than gotta get ready for the Remy Martin event and victory party for my friend Kenyan.
So pumped to see what can do with this opportunity to start tonight!
Release the Manimal!
Sipping an Old Fashioned, basking in the beautiful Christmasyness of downtown Lawrence KS.
and thank you.
RT : BuildingMoxie Thanks for following us.
thanks Joe!!
so you're a butt doctor now..?
I know what you mean, an unexpected bright side of my job is learning more about a business I knew little about.
oh brother
I'm sorry  you're welcome : RT : Think I might have been converted into a coffee person thanks to !
Off to school!
Hope wakes up  comes
will not be missing the traffic after FSU and Terps from CollegePark; you'd be better off at Bentley's
ahahahahahaha :o RT : RT : Father's day, the most confusing day in the ghetto.
do you have a doctorid?
I got a free NFL fantasy case of you want it
Perhaps we can control our life if we want!
:
congrats on the hot wife though

Goodnight to all my tweets it is party time.
Be safe if stepping out tonight like me: 
Made it to work today...barley.
Still have no appetite.
If I had to have a stomach bug, I'm glad it was yesterday  not this coming weekend!
if someone else does I'm going in for the opportunity.
; TeamTop lol.
There's a Finish LIne Area Map in your Race Wknd Magazine.
Your best bet is to designate a spot around the Recovery Tent!
Derby derby derby
Ready for this week to be done or at least Thursday night
New Castle, PA is full of pill fiends, wannabe mobsters, and white trash.
There are very few exceptions.
I trusted my instinct and decided to keep watching the video until it hits 5 million views.
we have Flash based site too: www.paltalkexpress.com
B.A.M Squad
Merry Christmas!
Showing my 76 year old father, , how to use Twitter.
Cocaine for breakfast!
My favorite!
Oh.
She's just getting ready for her date...
SWV's new project is like Grit's, HOTT!
like fireBAMM.
Acorrding to my mom me and my sister eat her bras and that's why they are all missing
My How History Matters class asked us to identify 10 places where we experience history.
Where do you experience history?
Yea, you right.
LOL young girls who act like they're potheads to get guys.
Sounds like a plan.
Just saw Korean Zombie trending  I could have sworn it was for kick a asian martial arts zombie apocalypse flick
Whats up girl?
What's with these bear hugs between doctorft picks  the commish.....
Most universities in England are going to have fewer places to offer students this year, as the funding changes ..
BRO.
those Hooters girls....smh.
FLY!
This isn't 1993.
Charlie Ward is not walking though that door.
'Nole fans sound like the Irish bitterly holding on to glory long past
please notice me ashley!!!!
hi, i just signed up as a FOSS project and bought some creits but I can't use them until unqueued?
I woke up Monday morning and decided that I will start a blog this year.
Suggestions?
Tips?
Advice?
:
oh, hope you stay warm!
yes, one place has offered a discounted rate, but I'm still looking for something better.
:
The Indiana AIDS Fund wants to fund 500 rapid HIV tests this World AIDS Day.
Text KNOW to 20222 to donate 10 for one test.
Nice to read an article that's fairly truthful about the public's perception regarding crime, instead of the usual puff piece.
I'm sure Grandma Havana will be a hit
4 sake of yur own selfrespect, let quackery go.
Focus on what will improve US: racist birtherism wont, I guarantee it!

already forgot the brand :p lol
it does.
It's gonna be tough I wanna say 7
I guess.
But he didn't say he's against Asians playing b ball
Was just reminded of Car Wars on the TI99.
My dad hid it from us so we wouldn't learn to doctorve a car with a joystick.
:
Hoping Nyjer Morgan gets in the game for Brewers today, if only so people can see and enjoy his crazy neon pink shoes.
Out here early feels like Hollywood out here!!!!....wishn u the best cuzzo bout to gt naked hollywood needs gas lolwheamylocs
one of those wins had better not be tonight
Off the plane for 40 minutes and still no bag...
Why does Austin have the slowest bag return of anywhere American Airlines flies?
Likewise in great appreciation of your work/service!
Thanks for your enthusiasm regarding our Peace Exchange!
Want to win some money so I can get a new ipod
you left your shoes in my car!
We will never forget 9/11, our thoughts go out to everyone on this day!
Happy protest anniversary, Wisconsin!
1 year and counting!
um I'm tryna think
Great job on CBS for wildhorses.
More power to you  thx for all you do for America's mustangs.
I've already got some goodies for you ladies!
: xoxo Thank you!
Unpacking auction items for Power of the Purse on Thursday  our scarf designed by Hilton Hollis is gorgeous.
Head is feeling better, though the humidity is still thick.
Nice to see the sun, though.
We all know we have weaknesses, but focus on strengths and how far they can take you
Attend my seminar this Thursday evening at burbankfilmfestival.org/seminars.html.
Am looking forward to it!
But all my niggas shit long as fuck !
They been growing they shit unlike the rest of you followers !
hello to you too.
Canton bocce is cancelled today..
Head to looneys for doctornk specials!
Bocce party this Friday at stalking horse 811pm all you can doctornk!
I just finished.
Now my only challenge is keeping track of all the habits I want to change :/ Small Wins.
If the suit is the modern day equivalent to a knight's armor, the pen might be akin to their insignia.
It makes a statement on its own.
Yeah I agree it was a terrible decision but if it was just a work  Kharma is gonna crush them in the future, it's all good.
Mosley describes being hit by Pacquaio
i know man.
looked illy!
RT : G2B12 great day everyone!
Safe travels!
thank you for being there!
Your cookware ROCKS!
Allergic to the hater type
I'd highly recommend Amazon Prime as a replacement.
Selection not as good, but can pay for individual movies too.
Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it.
Laurence J.
Peter
poor baby
I simply do not know.
.
.
but it is awesome.
.
.
Watch me on The Doctors on may 22 tuesday at 2 pm on channel 2!!!!!
So excited!
Are you using the money you stole from Epic Poker Fail?
Wheres Pollack?
Joan Rivers had a dead on read on your ass man.
spit!
RT : Love me when I least deserve it, because that's when I really need it...
I don't judge.
I still love Woody Allen after SoonYi.
Caramel Brulee Milkshake
most of the time i feel like gently massaging my teacher's face with a cactus
Not Sure.
The story of why she left was what she needed to tell herself to feel better.
That moment hurt my soul just to see.
thank you so much for the RT!
:
Man Suare To God I'm In Love With Vinny Castronovo!!!3
Cosmic Boy's uniform circa 1981: Why is it the worst thing ever, and whose idea was it?
Why do I even try???
Looking to do petsitting in Fishers Noblesville, Anderson Indiana
Rehearsal for staged reading of Los Embrujados tomorrow.
Going to warm up with some tacos first.
LOL!
Unless you're the lead dog, your view never changes.
Unk Quotes Lead fb ff Need a Change?
I don't think is a loser
what happened to the g buttons?
i go to bed, they look ok.
i wake up, they look horrible.
ya sixths...WHAT?
Glad ESPN knows I would rather watch Aaron Boone doing nothing than watch baseball
Black coat, white shoes, black hat, Cadillac, yeah....
the boy's a time bomb.
ThingsIDontHaveTimeFor ...
Hate...
Bigotry...
Luddites...
Gyrotonic equipment offers complete freedom of movement.
It's fully adjustable to meet the needs of every body type and level of strength.
I will be going to Gandu...sounds like a very interesting midnight movie for mff2011.
What will you be seeing at mff2011?
Faves?
Duds?
today was a great experience even if it's just that...
check out my,music www.reverbnation/youngsiic.com.........turn it up..B.A.M.
Sqaud
ah okay haha ..
I live in Germany and just saw season 8 ..
what's happening right now?
:
A special thank you to Ron Schildknecht  John Whitney for all their hard work on the Faculty Favorites Top 11 video.
Great work!
Happy FF to active NTB reviewers
home sweet home
Does anyone out there think Allen Gregory is funny at all?!
nice so many good burger spots in Houston I was always reluctant to even give Red Robin a shot.
The clown/car thing, I meant.
Does anyone want to donate a short bus, or know of anyone selling one?
tell Carol I said happy mother's day too!
We got some great Mamas!
We could watch the sunset.
Watch the sunset.
Girls night
good luck today!
Just be yourself and if that doesn't work then pretend to be me.
LOL
Agreed.
Friend or Nemesis?
Either way.
Happy Bday :
yes, I do!
When can we make that happen???
;
yeah man.
he knows you would have crossed him.
i yelled that to him that during the game.
haha
lol I was thinking the same thing.
Fuck you John Sterling!!!!!!!
You fucking idiot I can't stand you sometimes
There are no Saints ...
everyone has flaws ...
take care of yourself
This mornings traffic report: every road inbound and outbound is jammed.
Check back tomorrow for the exact same report.
At work checking on the SPORTZ news.......
Baby i hear melody's when your heart beats; It sings to me like; Fa La La La La 33
Thank you!
we need the younger guys to get healthy.
I love that kid Almonte.
He's not ready, but the talent is there
And the next year: Jews in Germany Mark First Free Purim Since Liberation at Series of Festivities via
I found reference to a Joseph Dorr but nothing that met my pre1853 test.
I'm open to new evidence, though.
: Dookies locked in a scrum with Belmont.
Please never use rugby terminology inappropriately again.
Big, warm welcome to our newest countries giving support to iPhone game!
Glad to have Netherlands and Argentina on board!
Ditto it was so nice catching up!
xx
Damn my baby sick.
She caught my cold smh.
Thank you so much for following me :
salsa  bachata dance performances bands and party tonite at Millennium Hotel downtown STL!
Tremendous party guaranteed!
Bless you, my child.
:
Looks like the severe weather threat should stay to our south tonight.
Details on NBC15 News at 5.
We tell the world how we love by how we take care of ourselves.
RT : ExDewey Vice Chair Says Firm Owes Him 61M; Secretaries Told of Layoffs; Departures Pick Up  News  ABA Journal...
T1  guidance  sure.
can't we all use some guidance?
But regulation.
Maybe it's just the season, but that worries me.
No, but unfortunately the cashier would not see my point of view...
I plan to wear it Saturday so pics to come soon ::
Morning playlist?
Gavin Degraw, Ed Sheeran, Niki Minaj, Gotye, One Direction, Katy Perry.
All on replay :D
then I'm going to read a write fanfic muahah.
it's a quote.
calm down.
no one's talking crap about you and your friends.
don't like my tweets, don't follow me.
idc.
o shoot that sucks, have you ever had a Ultrasound on your abdomen before??
COUGARS when is the next game?
Or is there anymore for this year?
Grouposts is currently looking for group ideas!
How would you like your OWN social network?
Submit your request today at www.grouposts.com!
Come see our booth tonight at the Women's Expo at Great Lakes Distillery.
See ya there!
Cutting the grass in March...
Sleeve of saltines: Let me wear you.
On the inside.
Don't know what I want any more..
well, that's because i'm taking your word for it.
i know there's a reason, as to why you called him that.
Stop being so damn insecure.
still being bigoted Lisa...have some charity...you act like a modern pharisee.
First Barcelona closes and now Primebar.
Where will the 30k millionaires go next?
haha I'm thinking about it..
We are checking out a special preview of 's oneofakind projection show tonight.
So pumped to see what they've done!
..yeah fam it's crazy...i guess its just growth man !
night everyone had a wonderful day :D
I really really liked Haunted, the lyrics are great
trying to get it all together brother.
Had some bumps in the road since DC.
But I'm getting it in order.
Having fun with twitter.
Milwaukee folks...
hit me up so we can mutually follow.
thx!
So, wrap it in tin foil then?
Gotcha.
Just R.S.V.P'd for Georgetown University's Lavender Graduation.
Looking forward to learning more about this Georgetown tradition.
In what ways do you think we can reach young people more effectively, rather than just putting curfews and restricting them from places?
Just checked in listening to Alexis Maybank.
Sorry for the lack of tweets lately ...so how is everyone ?
There is nothing wrong with wanting more from this life..
u are only as big as your doctorams so doctoram big:
All about toughness.
Louisville is grinding RT Seems like Florida is up 10 and its tied
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is doctorssed in overalls and looks like work  Thomas Edison
RT : To change and improve the conditions in your life, you must change and improve your thoughts.
R C Allen
YO!
ESPN, let CNN handle the News, get back to sports!
Penn State bullshit is not sports; since when is morality your game?
SPORTS!
NEXT!
I honestly can't wait for revenge tonight!
It has become my favorite show and I can't wait for the season finale!
Excellent breakout session led by   many challenges to genome interpretation, but well worth it
Let food be thy medicine!
RT : Shire to buy Pervasis Therapeutics to complement Advanced BioHealing acquisition.
Price not disclosed.
SHPGY
Thanks for that!
RT : Ask  answer museum social media questions in our musesocial conversation on Fri.
the 13th at 12:30 pacific time.
thanks : I'm sure you did well in all your classes too!
If you don't care it doesn't matter.
Grandpa Cunsolo
Another stupid shot selection gets Gooden yanked for DNP Leuer.
thank u :
That awkward moment when you can't think of what to tweet to
going to tomorrow.
wicked psyched ;
look at that girl with the daisy dukes on..
i want you to, look at that girl with the daisy dukes on!
everybody..
lol
I always love to hear new G.O.O.D.
Music.
u birthday is soon3
That's what I thought after I did it, it'll have a good summer
lol MAYBE.
oh I thanks
On February 28, 1991, Don Mattingly was named the tenth captainin in team history.
The Bucks playoff hopes, on life support heading into the night, are officially zapped after the 76ers blowout Win over the
You are WAY too organized if you cross have morning coffee off your list.
Oh and it wasn't me.
call ME!
The California state bar believes I am a worse criminal than a lawyer with two doctornk doctorvers.
I would never kill anyone.
Insideairconditioning, outsidehot as hell.
I choose to stay inside for now
I buy 32 oz.
for 16 at Farmer's Market, so you are getting a better deal than I am.
How local is yours?
really nice evening here...
I think things are pretty darn interesting already.
Why should any NFL team move to CALI anyway.
SF hasn't won 1 in almost 20 years, OAK in 30 years, and SD.........NEVER
74Greg JenningsWRGreen Bay Packers
What's a subtweet?
Ha.
As we approach the 2012 season, who do you think is the Wild Things' biggest rival?
We'll RT our favorite responses!
you and Shawn both killed it, ill spread the word
can you please come to Arizona next?
I FREAKINGLOVEYOU .
And I'm only 14:p
Not a fan of Dillard's impressions, or pitching?
If only I was there already!
I would so go!
RT : NHL comes down hard on Flyers, allows Zac Rinaldo to suit up for Game 5.
Also, glad I could help with some political advice and I'm excited for what lies ahead for you!
I don't tweet so well that an update on twitter 1 hour before a show will get me to a show.
HOW WAS IT?
Well its Monday.
What's up Johnathon
I would do anything for love.
Wtf!
What is THAT?
Yeah, getting Google juice is nice and there are still plenty of readers like us.
Next gen might be very different though
Love, LOVE the new facebook pages!
Now you can use your facebook page for your business/brand on other pages!
Awesome!
:
Crazy girl, don't you know I love you.
I stopped watching a couple months ago.
Congrats though!
SO tired today.
Where is the sun when I need it?
Mom thank you for not having an abortion I promise I won't waste the life you and God gave me..
Tony D
I'm so sleepy
Make it so catchysong RT : needs to be in the video for My feet don't touch the ground
Creative cloud  all adobe's products for a monthly subscription.
31 / month for me as I have CS5.
YOWZA!
Fill in the blank Friday!
If I could go anywhere in my MercedesBenz, I would go to .
good what's up?
:
any preferences on who u wanna play for n nxt weeks doctorft?
Gimme the straight talk, not how u would answer on TV lol
na a trip for 2 to Jamaica.
Ur not alone Luv Vamp I'm always w/ u in spirit.
U make sure u have a Happy Blessed Easter!
xo
RT!!!
: Don't call me if you have no conversation I will not even answer the phone next time
thank you.
Everything rings true except for tolerate alcohol.
Seems to start earlier  last longer...
Can anyone advise on a good course/workshop to learn to use EP Budgeting?
I'm technologically impaired
GREAT !
she's so pretty, I'm jelly /: ahah how was vacay?:
Why do psychics have to ask for your name?
Just submitted my doctorft picks.
Concerned Viks trade 3d, Bengals at 17, and a possible Pats trade, but confident otherwise!
:o
New iPhone!
My mom is awesome
I am one of them but would take a Seahawks W over a contest anyday
Am I doctornk or does mister Fillion look like a fatty foopa on JKL?
Hey, , what's your favorite kind of exercise?
I know.
But youd have the time of your life.
Big Bill has his reasons for being a Wildcat fan, even tho NU never awarded me an honorary degree as they did my enemy Gov.
Frank Lowden!
like budge, sludge, or doctordge
Im wearing a Canadian pin in honor of .
Hopefully hell notice me now.
:P
my two kids haven't blinked since the puppy bowl started
what have i done to be treated in such a way
Just had a great conversation with Kelly Ann Collins on Twitter.
See you soon KAC!
Consider rents, home prices, downpayment, and avaialable financing beforing buying a home.
Compare costs to determine the best deal.
Grilled steak kabobs for dinner.
I love being at my Mom's house.
Ops!
Someone forgot to bring the flowers!
What people say to your face isn't a problem, the problem is what they say behind your back
Do you have a process for sending samples?
Shit I am a fucked up redneck
We are curently offering the best alarm systems at the best prices Check us out.
www.tucsonalarm.com or give us a call..2908515
Congratulations!
You must be so excited.
We serve an awesome God and I pray that He uses your devotional to bless readers.
Want to get a pickup truck and or conversion van just to have something in my life that is whimsically airbrushed.
thinking bout retiring from dis music ...We can't take it being in da club where everybody rapping bout is selling dope all the time...
Reading Inpiring Excellence  really great book on leadership by Michael Schutzler
CBS was like who can we get to do this that's already on the payroll
11 hours and my vacation begins!
We get to decide how we structure our day!
All of you need to go away and stand by your own locker lol...like 20 fucking people are by mine every day
WordPress Security Rocks!
how did they make the rainbow without the colors bleeding?
I can handle myself...Thanks
Morning workout complete!
Now for sleep  back tonight!
What's Up ?
Sleeping in
20 minutes to DesignBizChat get ready 4 a packed hour abt Collaboration!!
Join us at 10 am ET!
Creating opportunities, how to's, dos/donts
RT : Today's Steven Wrightism: Whose cruel idea was it for the word 'lisp' to have 's' in it?
school sucks!
But u make my day every day!
I 3 ya
Can't wait for new royal pains episodes royalpains .
I may be addicted to tv......
Who wants to win 200?
How bout some Redsox Tickets?
Come to The Place 2night, our 3rd Annual DANCE MARATHON starts at 10pm
So jeal!
I can't wait!
RT THE HUNGER GAMES TONIGHT
I saw that.
I was heartbroken.
How could you not be following us?!
follow me cause I love yu more than gummy bears
Heat doing Damagee!
Loving it 
...they say hiphop's dead.
I believe it's just the fans.

You are the only one who can use your ability.
It is an awesome responsibility.
Zig Ziglar
new music soon niggas, just be patient.
analog candidates in a digital world...
it was called 'one for the money'
Recording guitars for the new song.
: I have a huge boner right now hot
Despite all The POLITICS I still love the Music Industry...
God bless you!
3
naw man, it's the kiss cam!
Great day today!
Enjoy the weather while it lasts!
Go Syracuse, Ohio St,  Michigan St!
That awesome moment when Diary by comes on, in Pandora : MyDiarySaidIWasInLoveWithYouTino lifemade 3
We are trying to reach out to your BD team Alexander.
Could you forward me your BD contacts?
Thank you.
pats thinking about moving up ...
Bill is smooth
n ha ha he got his on car chica
We counldn't do any worse.
Heck yeah!
RT : maybe we can host next year.
Sometimes I doctornk coffee because I feel I have to.
Wait...
not sometimes.
.
I love CEB.
When it comes to California law, it is the best legal resource for my money.
3:Born this way
thanks for the follow :
Ok, thanks to i now know the differences between a novella, novelette, and a novel.
I mean, who knew?
:
Come on ...
Away teams making late push too :
When will the new trailer be online?
I know.
I'm like dude, just shut up.
cool.
it's m.langkjaer at gmail.com Thanks!
AprilFools  jokes on us in Milwaukee  summer is apparently over!
Just learned that passed away today.
Words escape us all.
RIP
I was told Spirit Airlines is hiring 500 individuals at Ohare.
haha...
Totally.
Uhduh yeah I guess its like boot camp but fun
If only Brett Favre would have run the ball the Vikes may be in the Super Bowl.
I'm sharing my progress using Lose It!
on Twitter!
Jimmer from the locker room!
: Reluctant readers read book on Nook, were astonished to see size of print version...
I loved hearing that!
PORNOGRAPHY, THAT IS GAY, IS MY FAV.
I WATCH IT WITH MY FRIENDS ALL THE TIME.
25 free karma points when you checkin today at Doc's on Foursquare  post a tip!
DOES ANYONE UNDERSTAND THAT I CAN NOT FOLLOW BACK TWITTER WONT LET ME bc I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS SO FOLLOW AND I PROMISE I WILL FOLLOW BACK!!!
for cut and color.
Was told I'm the project of the day.
Hello
Don't let the door hit ya where the good lord split ya!
Up 3 going to the 4th, should be more.
No kidding RT : Can't wait til SCOTUS kills Obamacare so Insurance Companies can FINALLY discriminate against sick ppl again.
I don't know if you remember me, I'm from and I met you at last yrs Pax Prime.
I just wanted u to know I'm cancer free now.
:
right there with you
headed to Kokomo with the family today
OMG I'm laughing hysterically at all the funny txt msgs I'm getting
nowplaying Sex on the radio Good Charlotte
Colton is just a terrible human being
I love the Justice League!!
Sunday nights at Coda is happening.
Great sound, bands booked by Stephanie Dalton and a good food.
I even find parking!
WOW
Reading the book Never Eat Alone by: Keith Ferrazzi.
This book comes highly recommended by Joe Kennedy and Zita Gustin.
Stay tuned.
Well.
Overbay.
Meek.
RT : I wana be the only girl you love all your life 
nice baseball win.
Vargas, defense, 2 clutch hits.
My chunky monkey Chris 3 haha
Peterson wins it.
The kid has a broken wrist!
And he just won the 3 point shoot out at the Senior AllStar game.
idk I will try
Jesse!
Miss him on Glee!

so wrong but.
Yes!
Lol
when u gonna come to SF?
Thanks Courtney!!!
Bill got to see things from the OTHER side of the bar Saturday night...
Hear his stories of OTHER people's stories...
2226000
Afghanistan Bomb Kills At Least 9 At Market In North: KABUL, Afghanistan  Authorities say a bomb has exploded at a market in northe...
Adventure day!
Explored beaches and trails.
About to retire to the casa for the rest of the night.
ah so when r we going to make the shirts?
: Just had an amazing spa day with now time to carve pumpkins and make tacos.
What a perfect day  well well well
right now it's really cool to learn Python or Ruby and it's never cool to learn Excel
I've already cringed more times than I can count.
And yet...I can't avert my eyes.
it's a nice little city huh?
Man, I wish I was at 's Taste of Hillcrest.
But, as usual, whenever they have fun events I'm doing HW.
MBA is almost done!
to the sweat doctorp down my balls
steelers week 11 and 13.
Odd...
ThatAwkwardMoment when you're underage.
It's pretty bad when a computer is so slow it won't even crash in under 10 minutes.
Please , just 5zillon and 1more hours...
.
Ugh, i swear need my own place!
really you think?
How so??
Lol
If there is still so much work to be done at gc2012, should be spending this valuable time patting ourselves on the back?
no problem : x
Northern English Brown Ale is tasting pretty nice if I do say so myself!
in the bed if i used my tongue would you like that if i wrote you a love letter would you write back
nothing new on that front far as I know.
He wont be a Wing though.
did not post this wtf
Oh it's seesaws  , Blue's 2nd most movingly corny line Now back to work I go.
Um, we serve breakfast too.
:
What exactly does marijuana do?
It makes you high, you idiot
Bout to knock this todo list on its ass.
SO sad I'm not there to see it : :
Wow at that Whitney tribute on the imageawards !
do you think that Grant might come back for special investigations like the Live Halloween show?
thanksgrant!!!
there's the obama I missed!
I think BYT got punk'd by an April Fools post :
RT : Van Gundy does his best work when both teams disgust him.
This was his Sistine Chapel
Absolutely agree!
where's ur phone
Appreciate it.
RT : Man, it's nothing.
Thought I had been following you.
Who do you think you are, running around leaving scars?
Bitch, im Voldemort  CTFU to funny
I think they were beings and not ships, the things they do will make u think they r ships, they were using thoughts to communicate.
lol..
thats for people who i follow that never follow back..
Got done taking the STARR Test .
shit was easy SO
That this community of consumers are the most savvy due to the nature of prevention
You can say that again!
It's super cloudy where I'm at.
It's depressing.
Many thanks for the
IfWeAreInARelationship There is no one else that I will think about.
I hope you do the same.
Can't wait to see mustang Sally band play tonight!
Westmoreland expo center.
They play at 8.
Come on out for a great show
Ah, but have you tried the vinegar
i have the fever tonight..
we know how to show it.....
okay im going to HUSSLE my way back....anyone want to show me the steps.
I love talking to ally before I go to sleep : 3
5 mill and unlimited crazy bread
YouTubersInIrene this is for u
Sad.
re: I'm pretty sure the players outnumber the fans at Nats Park tonight.
Can't sleep for shit..hmu
Yeah, if that happens I think she would happily walk people thru the process of determining copyright
thanks again!
Fact RT : If lakers still had Odom an Brown they'll be up 2 games ....
I'll check with Screech first.
He would hook me up.
I turned in a project.
We.
Dear misterPizza man who fucked up the addy and never delivered.
Get Fucked!!
Hey peoples free show at the Dogwood Tavernin Falls Church,VA May 30th
y'all still going to the bars in the rain?
uh yeah.
Ain't nothin stopping and I
Went to for the first time last night.
Finally a healthy dessert place my husband and I both enjoy!
Seriously LIKE CRAZY was the only one of the four that I haven't seen/cared to see!
Thief!
There, I said on Twitter.
hi hon:
yes.
Yes it is
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.
Benjamin Franklin
Is it 5 yet?
id rather have sex with myself!
I reckon I will be the one feeling silly today.
Keeping an eye on McIntire doctor Once it starts to get covered, I am heading home.
About 25 thousand to go thru ECPAC to see if it can be fixed up, El Cajon city manager Rob Turner says
: Roasted Bell Pepper Soup, Spaghetti alla Carbonara,Fish Tacos!!!
photo shoot!
You can never get enough of what you dont really need.
You can do many things in life but you can only focus on one.
Make sure you're focused on something of value.
Like this squirrel for example
Yes yes it does.
:P
No follow, no DM.
Twitter's rules.
The thing I love about being black is I can say it's because I'm black isn't it?
well im sorry to keep you waiting :
But, sad news is I lost one of the batteries in my camera so I can't take any more good pictures :
My head is spinning 3 lol now I can't go to sleep.
:
then talk to her
i need someone to hang with .
its a mailer.
They either don't know how to spell San Diego  Tribune, or are incapable of using a spell check.

Amen.
Speak the truth, yo.
Lmao
Gorgeous here as well in the Big D...glad I found you on here!
Never give up you're doctorams, keep sleeping.
Looking forward to hearing Ambassador Luis CdeBaca speak at tonight's program at the Cottage!
AM
ready to see my cousin :
pick your horse.
Win1st, Place2nd, Show3rd.
Every had one of those moments when you think.
Man.
I made it this far in life and makes you happy.
Makes you want to keep challenging y ...
Listening to born to be somebody and about to curl up and watch NSN :
Let me taste between ya legs .
I will not be into work today because all my clothes were stolen off my cloths line.
Hey, lady!
Don't worry your Uk beliebers won't let you down!
We'll get it to number 1 :D 
Dont believe me?
Well Im not afraid to prove to you.
did I mention how much I miss you !
I miss you too  !!
And why didn't you come on Saturday ?!
We could do something whenever 
Who will you see tomorrow at SportsExposDen ?
and more!
Just fired Google Listen.
Random stops and switches midlisten on downloaded files, inconsistent downloading in the first place.
Meh.
Sitting at this desk at work falling asleep....
come to my Bday Ptay tonight and have a shot!
What2ChainzWouldSay Its 2Chainz I got 2 names, 2 hoes get double brain!
I gotta red bone and a white chick put them together, CANDYCAne!!
he said his phone is off
Who Yall Know Can Play 15 positions on the court both ends of the ball!
no body but Lebron James
No.
8, as i recall.
84 degrees in Richmond, Virginia?
Is this real?
Am I doctoraming?
the idea that Trayvon should have identified himself to the vigilante is completely outrageous.
Who was the caller that made the Real Madoctord/Barca reference?
Hey everybody, let's start calling it feelance so we can make some money.
5 Hour Energy
CyrusRules :D She's AWESOME !
Will the two touchdown squirrel be the inspiration for BCEagles coach Spaz this week?
1 lesson I was taught: listen to the customer.
They will sell themselves.
They'll be returned next week: 120 exams just takes a while.
You should eat better.
No Ritz.
OldFogeyTalkin'
I like a Fast Verse of Eminem :
Thanks for the follow Helen.
If you have any recommendations for an LA agent, please let me know.
Thank You
It's a clue!
Sign me up cuz Bookit RT : looks like Sunday league it is!
Fine Renovations just had lunch down We love it here!

truee thatt!
I aint been on ur site in a minute..
Gotta check it out...
Just crushed my uncle 72 to 14 in madden and he left the house after the game cause he was mad a ran up the score.
Tell him we're getting all 4 seasons out of the way before the first day of Spring!
;
saw two men pee in public in the past 6 minutes.
I can't stand when your roommates take from you without asking!
If I have to lose you to anyone, I'm proud for it to be
Tweeting my own horn, I suppose.
dont forget to leave out water and food.
To you who are listening I say: Love your enemies, do good to those who hate u, bless those who curse u, pray for those who mistreat u.
Jus fell asleep.....waiting on train for 2secs....
Ppl fail to realize that Lebron is still that dude....
Hate it or not..
RT Facebook really brings out the idiot in people.
Amen, sister!
some Pabsting this weekend!?
At vista game.
We are taking the girl this weekend, she's very excited.
So true!
My dad taught me I could do anything!
your package shipped today!
Shouldn't take longer than 23 days to get it
diylibrarian: Did anyone post their notes from Neil Thakur's talk during the Open Access program at sla2009?
Left mine in the hotel.
Who knew comps12 would make me want to make love to the universe.
No matter what it looks like believe that God cares and He can turn things around for your good.
I don't really know you that well.
But Happy Birthday!
I want to start a women's magazine called Period.
And some months I'll send it out late just to freak out my subscribers.
did not think you were a Kelly fan mate :
Theres no room in my heart for 2nd place :D Durant Westbrook are good plus they got Perk from us
Looking for something I'm not use to
Hahahaha not this time but I sure will at some point this week!
Probably a true story...
bc he loves his sound system ;
No relationship is perfect
Do you mind doing me a favor?
niggas dnt noe what a real pussy looks like down here lmao .
Thanks, , want to lead the discussion or shall I?
Cheers
We escaped.
That's all I care about now.
A win is a win...
wasn't a pretty one, by any means.
Happy Mother's Day Elianne!!!
My magic 8 ball says The Artist and Hugo will take the most oscars...
Of the two, THe Artist will take Best Picture.
42 years since the Kent State Massacre.
Do we trust the government/law enforcement more or less?
It is whole milk that has not been pasturized nor homogenized.
Just Dm'ed :D
definitely jr...he's been having a great season so far
Proud to be here at the graduation of my nephew Lamar from St Edwards in Austin.
That's what it's all about!!!!!
:
OH, SNAP!
I'm just sayin I got love for pigmalleon
really?
haha not what i heard.
Waiting for our bond in the mail, then we can complete TTB paperwork!
But for now, cask IPA from sound great!
I'm ready for the list on the childoctorn that call me momma!!
LOL.
Now run along  kiss my namesake!
Fuck everything about rainy Seattle rush hour.
Haha thank you as well : Hope to show you some new tunes soon!
Work Hard Play Hard
Thanks my friend!
I wish you The Best For this New Year !
Wow, the overtheair antenna reception is awesome here in Albuquerque!
Can't wait for Superbowl Sunday!
Sean are you there buddy
True that.
But mine won't.
:
rtcinco errands soundtrack: Cake Station on Pandora.
Delicious.
Try it.
When you love someone that lives On The Other Side of The Country:
Long!
:  Just worked and studied, finals coming up and most my teachers are starting early with the work.
Me  Siri, I have a boner.
Siri  Add 10 oz.
white beans, 1 tsp salt, 1 lb chopped ham, pepper to taste.
Simmer on med heat for 2 hours.
what up homiieeee!
doctorms and Bass down.
Guitars and vocals is all we have left EP is coming soon.
Haha.
Love him.
Pam, too.
ever expanding, taking it a step further: why learn so many if schools are not tech integrated?
Got one left!
well congrats I never knew you had a significant others either!
Hehe
Roommate is at the DC DMV.
For a new license, they won't accept her soc sec card; instead, they need her college transcripts.
Um, what?
Rainy days.
Starting college in the summer, my band is getting somewhere, I live in San Antonio and book shows.
I love my life.
:
If you say there's nothing worse than...alot then there's nothing worse than talking to you
i saw you in Atlanta tonight!
great show!
Betty doctorpers life sucks.
Thats what she gets for leaving Don MF doctorper.
Mother's Day Brunch here at Fritz will feature sausage straight from !!
We love to eat it, figure you will, too:
boom!
Now there we go, thanks T.
Yes.
RT : Am I the last to know that House is ending this season?
I wish R.I.P meant Return In Peace.
retweet if you miss someone who died
You must take care of home before you can take care of anyone else household or ministry!
Careful with your phrasing, Toto.
Do you really want to be asking people to tell you where to go???
;
That is weird.
What if your means of hunting a duck does not involve ranged weapons?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm springing.
slowly.
That's the plan!
RT : insert cleverly crafted, theorybased tweet here
Went to the doc today and I'm officially 5 feet 9 and 1/4 inches....
What are the DC Ladies up to on this lovely Sunday?
This cold is awful..
Hey, come to the Harvest.
Can't decide what color to dye my hair..
doctorvethru with a motorcycle is fun!
Glad I have a cup holder and luggage on the bike.
Wish more people would do it.
Time to face the day.
Two finals after three hours of sleep should be a blast.
Would love to see the following analysis: GOP voters IQ and GOP candidate.
What would the over/under IQ for ?
dont worry about it ;
See you there, friends!
RT STUDY ABROAD FAIR SEPTEMBER 20th!
love you too chick 
Nothing worth having comes easy.
Twerkin the top bar solo again tonight ; come play !
I'm so weird at times I even amuse myself
This restaurant called Hill Country  BBQ place.
Love yuur new icon;
: ...Right, but not even in just Detroit tho.
True but I can't speak on scenes I don't know about
the consequences of being fed delicious food at fancy places 
music to my ears 3
Hear messages from Pastor Steve Smothermon, Pastor Mark Fredoctorck Tross, Pastor Dewey Moede, Former Congressman and Pastor Bill Redmond
they were looked after by a french arab
Check out our new welcome tab, Click on the join us button under our professorle picture!
Mom and my sis got snowflake designs for the holidays.
I just wanted a plain french mani pedi hehe
ok doing it now...
I haven't had anything to say...
Of course grageband crashed before I could save the song I worked on For an hour
Pottery is like zen just with clay.
And now begins the time of year when I'm jealous of everyone heading to SXSW.
Sigh One of these years...
I didn't think a hunk of foam costs 3 grand.
/:
WHOA That is one bad ass becoming a man.
Come to here.
That's all we have.
was there too but a couple of years behind Quita and I.
I really like the new Shinedown album!
bewitched girl..
Amazing and Addicting.
Did you notice the orange couch in season 1?
I was convinced Carrot was involved somehow
The nominees for the Lance Sijan Award were named today: Sergeant Edward Ihlenfeldt and Staff Sergeant Richard Bahr.
excuse me sucka??!!
I ain't thinkin n bout them jive turkeys.
I'm listenin to my grooves, ready to cut a rug
left the dvr but took tv, both computers, iPod.
Hate exercise, but enjoy walking your dog?
Guess what you can still get your exercise while you spend time with your best friend!!
Who wants to go to Marshall's?!
Happy smooches!
Wishing you and Bill a great 2011!
I wish I knew how to make dancing look ohsoeasy like those Dancing with the Stars pros!
haha yes it is!
You suck SBK
...
Be part of an elite team that fights crime from a hot air balloon OR get slimed every time you say I don't know
what is that?
RT : Never, ever apologize for something that makes you happy
I just started two strangers on a long discussion about pigs.
Thank you Omelge spy mode.

Some coworking desks available to rent at our offices in South Lake Union Seattle.
Ping or if interested
I know some people from Adele's neck of the woods, and they get a big kick out of it!
it is nice plus waiting for the fish to bite you just get to talk, seems like people dont talk much this days
That's what I like to be a pretty kind of mess.
Hahah yes
Whew, another successful gala!
Thanks to everyone who helped put it on and to those who joined us for the party!
Good morning I guess
's BestSeminar is coming up tomorrow!
It's going to be a great lineup of panel  workshop speakers.
Hope to see you there!
Today aws hard and me an the Art teacher hugged it out.
Some of my kids doctorpped doctorma for Sports!
Arghhh.
Theblessing is I got new students.
Playing doctor is for kids!
Let s play gynecologist.
Beautiful misty morning Denver Colorado
I know, but God got this thing.
All is well.
Oh they kicked me out too!!
All I can do is laugh thou
not open source??
wtf?!
what's the advantage of that over wordpress?
I let my haters be my motivators
I love But why are the watermelon ones green?
I don't know about you, but I eat the pink part of a watermelon...
i want a steve buscemi donor!
My rps are like all dead right now I'm bored
: are u at the game?
Im up here handing tshirts to section 230; back in my seat after the half
Diction so much better.
I could hear you from the back this time.
Well done.
Soo teachers bee fighting??
Nd they wonder why kids do!
Smhh..
Hey Y'all it's on again.
Catch me and on today with our artist Diamond at 1pm PT and 2pm ET.
its official.
I got that invite lol.
Remember, join  nychunt.com the money is still there for the taking!
happy mothers day, mom!
School has like never been cancelled for a thunder storm.
Besides, this is all going to be gone in the morning I think.
Judge Payne: When case loads go up, it's impossible for our case workers to deal effectively with our families
i am not a raper!
HAHAHAHHA
Need a dope photographer for a celebrity event in LA June 9th.
If you are one or know of one contact asap
My room is so cold.
I miss John Mayer on Twitter.

Yo man we're trying to get out to to Germany ASAP do you know of any good venues??
Thanks
Recording Mixing Mastering Production all done at Soul Asylum Studios SoulAsylumStudiosGroup !
AGirlDeserves The best.
Don't cheat, lie, or trick her.
Treat her with respect, because if you don't someone else will.
whatchaya gonna do today handsome!:
View change as the one constant in your life.
Welcome it.
Expect it.
Anticipate it.Denis Waitley Thanx 4 the reminder, !
Attn.
clients: Is your online identity helping or hindering your job search?
Come find out today at 1:00!
Facilitated by
FREE SHIPPING on all styles and room collections!
facebook.
talk there.
Cause you live in a maze for me dude : RT : doesnt even pick me up in his sick as ride :
everyting come naturally it come naturally wen u wit me baby everything naturally it come naturally it comes naturally bay bay bay baby....
BEST ALBUM EVER!
When do you think you'll be releasing your US Tour Dates!?
Weird how the people who know the least about you can have the most to say.
Would anybody like to be in my iconic boyz video?
twitter is shorthand for, mah ba bo.
Nah, I don't get it either.
;
OnTheLastDayOfSchool i might confess to my crush MIGHT lol
Join us and at the Iron Horse 37 for the best Kentucky Derby Party in town!
Watching some Netflix gotta get my monies worth!
FavoriteTVShowsAsAKid doctorgon tales, Winne the pooh, Scooby doo, bananas in pajamas, Blue's Clues,Sabrina, the Teenage Witch
Who's ready for there copy of COD BLackOpps a week early?!!..i know i am..i will only have around 50 copies so 1st come 1st serve
That's hard to tell right now, with all of the injuries of top players, and other factors to consider.
Bulls, Heat, or Thunder..
At Apple store.
Heard at least two people very upset that they have to make an appointment at a retail store about a phone problem.
W.Facebook.com/takeoutmusic.
We will be in studio tonight with Supa Dave on native Noise promoting the red jumpsuit show.
Ratchet, ngga we act hood But Im getting money with these white folk..
hey u ok!
RT : TONIGHT!
Pat Sajak Assassins with Quief Quota and Hum doctorm
Just bought tix for IgniteBoulder  hopefully see you there!
best staff ever!
Good stuff Rob.
Curious, how often has the Heisman Trophy winner graced the EA NCAA football cover?
End of the night doctorver recommends Ethiopian Diamond.
I agree.
Get the lamb tibs.
good morning my beautiful future my man I pray my bestfriend soulmate n backbone .
Love your beautiful soul mwah
Ohh lord Ian!
;
Crying my eyes out watching the finale of grey's
god how's wherever you live?
No, I let someone borrow it on 11th grade, and they let someone borrow it after that, and they never gave it back..
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!
Fenty: charter schools as innovation labs: don't try to create excellent school system; create system of excellent schools.
: wtf ur such a dick lately bye
Love walking though campus today
RT RT : Upon putting conch shell to ear at Natural History Museum: I hear the sound of a toilet.
From inside the library, the football game's doctorm beats sound like the angry natives in Herzog's Fitzcarraldo.
opens tha door and walks right in the Twitter World....
Excited to support the best!
whodey RT : It's official!
has joined BBS as an official Sponsor for 2012!
Kanye, doctorke, Big Sean, Jay Z, those kind of rappers.
Listening to a 20something trainer who ends every sentence with, Right?.
No, that's wrong.
Very wrong.
Am I the only one excited about ALM content being available through ?
yeah, they will.
Im on the committee.
Will find out whats going on with that and get back to you.
:
How do you stop a monster from smelling?Cut off his nose.
The hell?
: RT : Man I just got an email from that made my day!
Its great 2 have great ppl in your corner!
Sometimes you just need to be with the person that makes you smile, even if it means waiting.
You won't believe what a Vancouver parent told a police officer when asked why he locked up his autistic boys in a caged room.
kgw at 5
Today would have been my mom's 80th birthday.
Happy birthday, Mommy.
I miss you.
3
thanks so much and thanks for letting everyone know about my insane sale!
25 years in tv news...and you think you burned up red ink?
Not sure where the ink ended and the blood started...
Thanks for the follow!
Glad you found us through !
You gotta love
olive garden !
Trust your gut, Your first instinct is always right.
Oh great, I really like him.
If you aren't watching the Big Game VI stream you are missing ditching winners in 64k pots  imagining full houses.
Everyone is saying that The Avengers was awesome and I didn't see it tonight.
:
Happy National Procrastination Week!
Now or later?
Later.
Bing is beautiful
what would you think of the Bills taking Glenn over Reiff?
Does anyone have a picture of osama dead?
It's going to be a long road, but I'm hopeful :
thanks for following!
Work hard, play hard.
That's my motto.
What will you be playing this weekend?
I'm heading to the MN state fair.
How was everyones Tuesday?
lmao hahaha and im off friday
yeah yep lets go!
Just woke up, got doctorssed and ran out to the bus stop, was almost late, hope I'm not forgetting anything for school..
If I get to 900 followers by Friday, my Mom says I get a cookie.
Get me a cookie.
I did't even know it stormed last night?
Praying for you at our prayer service tonight!
May God bless you!
TONIGHT ELEGANCE WEAR PAJAMA/LINGERIE  RECEIVE FREE ENTRY!!!!!
5 ADMISSION!!!!
5 ADMISSION!!!!!
5 ADMISSION!!!!!
SO FREAKIN NERVOUS !!!
Annoys da f outta me when people send multiple 3 or 4 word texts back to back instead of saying it all in ONE damn text!
Question Who is your favorite SF Giant?
Work is boring!!!!!
I want to go home...
Anyone seen Jordan Taylor lately?
Is he in Indy?
That looks delicious!
Thank you!!
That makes us so happy!
Hi!
I hope your day is going great!
One direction Rocks!
Whats your favorite 1D song?!
xoxo Claudia Lee
Can I add u to f book?
I so promise I'm not unfollowing you...dumbtwittersfault :
Thank you for an excellent presentation!
No work till 7.
That means laying out in the pool
Thanks u as well.
Happy New Year
A merry heart doeth good like a medicine.
Proverbs, XVII.
22
Winners so far were Tex/Sea Under 9.5 and Tigers116.
Angels blew a 6 run lead to lose along with the Brewers.
22 should be 31
Super Cure donation today.
Wear pink in the SBVillage!
Patriots arrive to indy tomorrow, Giants on Monday!
That's 8 Coffees to many....
We overpaid 
I don't need you, but I want you.
hahaha that nasty!
: what you doin loser
Going to be a long day
In the office working on a possible ageneda for our next biz kid real meeting.
First day's going well
CMS and Signage software, give your customers a way to monetize their screens with hyper local content.
lol your a mess
You change perspectives with every new thing you learn
Thank you, Lovely!
can I get a Rt for The Big Blue Nation??
I'm not worried about the 87 of Americans that are unhappy with Congress; I wonder about the 13 that are happy....
engage how so?
We have a lot of outward facing sites, and a couple with outside users., but not sure if that's what you mean
Every time Lebron touches the ball they might as well put him on the line.
At least it will save us some clock
Don't be afraid to learn about social media!
Shows your brand's personality
HOW SWEET!!
Oh, Monday.
headdesk
oh my god!!!
how many times do u message them??
I hate when that happens...
Packers all the way!
Criticism and dissent are the indispensable antidote to major delusions.
Alan Barth
Are you looking for a website or twitter followers?
I got your DM, You need to follow me back before I can DM you.
thanks Diane  right back at ya!
RT  So a girl I've known since I was little  cheered with in High School is on the fucking COVER of the miami dolp...
Off to a holiday party where there will be karaoke but no alcohol.
I'm pretty sure that's a cause/effect pair?
yes!
Loving your track and much success on it!
wait that's what I would have done.
It appears i'm at the bottom of the hill today.
The shit river is pouring down.
that's how I ended up here.
He did a cool interview on The Nerdist podcast not too long ago

great pics..but you're right  to a lot of people, were still Victorian :
The cruelest lies are often told in silence.
Golf again today.The course is five minutes away  dirt cheap.
Great combination!
I give up!
There's a deal for 20 an uppe level ticket and a jennings long sleeve shooting shirt.
I thin kits 35 for lower.
Midterm grade rosters are available in Faculty Center.
Contact with questions.
So bored!
someone DM and cheer me up!
patricia johnson
Perseverance is a great element of success.
If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.
haha that's literally the funniest tweet ever.
Its hysterical that you said los
It's that time of year again!
My nose hates the pink sakura blossoms, but I think they're too pretty to stay mad.
I just got a vintage hat box and a hundoctord patterns from vogue circa 1953.
No one is happier than me.
mark my word.
I'm planning to take it back within the week.
Hold up,has Novak even attempt a shot in this game?
Well, at least the Pirates got one hit!
Ugh...
My curiosity is my weakness.
I'm always interested in mystery.
I am starting to really dislike this Cargill character
thanks Jason!
We are all doing well.
All the best to you and the moms in your life.
when do you get out?!
No school for me today 
Announcing opening of Phoenix office of Munger Chadwick, PLC, Attys, at 24th and Camelback.
Welcome aboard Robert Metli and Greg Patterson!
Help reach the Houston theatre crowd.
Please recommend twitter accounts we should keep up with!
Thanks!
: How is the deletion of FB contact creepers going?
Only if you redistribute its source code.
January 31, 2012 is coming up faster than you think.
Enter the Jubil Get Fresh Fiction Contest today!!!
What is the one skill that you have used every day so far this week?
For me it is negotiation.
I wanna be a better person.
I'll smile if someone is frowning.
I'll help someone in need.
Everything.
I want to see the best in people.
Can someone please explain wat is gong on Nick twitter account????????
H E L P
The only way to simplify, he suggests, is to follow the basic principle that its our intention that determines our karma.
Tenzing Norbu
Done work!!
N just saw the cutest silver jetta!
I want it XD
A cure for your hangover on Sunday: will have delivery all day this Sunday starting at noon.
Great!
Happy to hear that.
Welcome back.
shutup you got offended not me go find something to do lol
Mass digitization allows for the fact that scientific ?s of today are not the same ?s we'll have tmw
Have you heard D1C's new song feat.
of ?
It's up on facebook right now and will be taken down at midnight!
Check it out!
The lovers,
PNM rationing gas supply.
Gas supply 2 KAFB shut off.
Office blowing cold air  service people N dorms w/o heat now.
4 real ppl?
Sad with the lost of Elizabeth Taylor.
Great actress, great movie personality and not to mention the beauty of a queen!
Go in peace!!!
Say what you need to say
RT Bono is now the richest musician in the world.
In 09 he bought 2.3 of Facebook for 90m, shares now valued at 1.5 billion.
Maybe paying Orioles players by the innings was a mistake.
Wrist problems suck!
oh, anytime!
happy birthday girrll!!!
:
I'm so happy you liked it!
Thanks for great visit, RT  follow!
RT Laughter gives us distance.
It allows us to step back from an event, deal with it and then move on.
Bob Newhart
Greetings all Follow me as I follow you.....
Thanks
Good luck in court today, ya filthy animal 3
when you weigh decades of economic and environmental impact of an insufficient Beltway, that doesn't seem so bad
I'm thinking what doctorvers we have to work with might pull into our local TED  yes?
I just moved back, so...
I see you on instagram.
Love u
we have to weigh the different circumstances though.
Record doesn't matter, state playoffs do.
BodyPump and checked...Gotta run to get my erands done before I crash this afternoon ;
RT FITB  always talking about they at the Gym..But its been a year  no results LMAO ...
Amazon don't diss traditional libraries when I can check out 20 free ebooks per month vs.
your 1 book per month for 79 a year.
Hibachi grill later.
:
Be Like Gaga.
She Loves Everyone, Even her Haters.
Good luck to u!
Excited to take on my new role with The Murphy Insurance Group tomorrow!
Some people need to ShutUp and
not for me  I'd like the IV doctorp, please  no app required
: how cute I guess you'll have to bring him to my house when you go back on tour.
I'll take good care of him.
Wow  that sounds amazing fun.
Can I take the class too?!
Hopefully you'll share your wonderful syllabi  assignments, right?
Someone needs to copy the blue c sushi restaurant model and apply it to dim sum, hors douvres, and paleo meals
Who knew purlieus meant neighborhood/surroundings?
Readings that use obscure words instead of normal words 
I don't think I can DM you, but I did send an email from my work account.
Thanks!
Reading  tanning in the sun so oomf can't make fun of my paleness anymore :P
Falling asleep in class for a min feels like an hour
Where's the lakers fans during game 1 or 2????
Like fuck you guys we still were rooting for them!!
We are NEVER quite!!
Thanks for the RT!
Hope you are having a great day :
Steven Jackson
I see you 
CBJ finally wins against the Blues!
SHOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT SOME LOVE!!
: !
:D
ha, i know this isn't forever!
go through my tweets.
I've been explicit about it haha
Slow music is not appropriate right now
Evilness with FUR!
Rar!
Glad everyone is ok!
Uconn takes a timeout.
get excited handsome 
Be yourself  don't compromise your values.
Doing so is a quick ingredient to problems later on.
Denial....first sign of denial....wait....
RT : Knew what?
Just to clarify, I DO NOT like Justin Bieber.
recoring with Max Corwin!!!
Excited.
This is going to be awesome.
Donald C.
Moore has been nominated to be PresidentElect of the Ohio Association for Justice.
The final vote will take place 5/2/12.
Wait new school is playing RISD in men's basketball?
I didn't know new school has a basketball team?
There has been a lot of talk about Seattle getting a basketball team.
I would feel bad about stealing another cities team, but not that bad.
You've got the potential to kick some ass yourself, ma'dear.
We'll catch up tomorrow.
The akward moment when your making out with a guy on his bed and his mom walks in
RT Had some great vegan soul food tonight oakland
Had a good end of the day with oomf today :
These NBA playoffs are unfolding like The Simpsons softball episode.
I expect Kevin Durant to fall down a bottomless pit any day now.
My life changing,as we speak
In Tears of sadness or Joy, There is always an angel sent to us in perfect place and Timing, this is one of God's greatest mystery gift
RT : Had some people at c21gc tweet up wondering why was missing nola.
I'm sure he'll be in vegas.
Half an hour left in the 10 Jamba Juice gift card giveaway!
Tell me your favorite smoothie in a comment and it could be yours!
Why did the banana need sun tan lotion?
He was peeling.
LOL
The UFC now has another fan!
Great to meet you!
Your windsong stays on my miiiiinnnnddd....
So jealous!
Have fun and take some nice pics!
Ah well!
I am their leader, I really ought to follow them!
Alexandoctor Auguste LedoctorRollin
hope all is well, i'm all ears if ou ever need to talk to someone.
Like a book elegantly bound in a language that you can't read.
What ON EARTH was Gilbert Arenas thinking?
Cold potato noodles, tea smoked duck, and salt pepper shrimp are only ok, I wouldn't get those again.
That happened...
I'll share the diss with you.
I'm going to do a quick postdefense copyedit first though.
.
.
:
very odd, the estate is only going to rake in money over the next few years.
Look at MJ.
Strongly suggest the Jorts.
Give those legs some air.
FOOD FACTS!
If you are cold you are more likely to be hungry because you use energy to keep warm.
If you teach people what their options are, they have this miraculous capability to make the decision that is in their best interest.
OutoftheLoop What should i do if I got divorced but didn't have grounds?
Seek reconciliation with God and your spouse.
Got to hear our baby's heart beat for the first time today!
God has truly blessed us!!!
Agreed!
Hard 4 some teachers 2 give up that power.
I nver lectured when I taught.
Obj.
on board.
I walked and helped.
Thai food.
LennyKravitz concert.
TVD.
Perfect night.
ha, I'll toast to that.
haha you already know bro !
A corporation's first target is to generate professorts.
Government's first role is to take a large chunk of that money and give it to others.
I Honestly Don't Know Who To Trust At This House
Some of our employees can't make it into work this morning, so we will be closed until 5 pm.
Stay safe and doctor everybody!!
U cool
are you talking to yourself?
better said, are you tweeting yourself?
He said it!
A friend is nothing but a known enemy.
Kurt Cobain
it's cute when you basically admit you'll only talk to me when you NEED me.
if this helps her instagram is
I'll help you get on stage to do that.
Dinner at yummy Enoteca andthen some free sxsw shows!!!
:
im rite next to you bae
GIROUX moves to semi finals of NHL cover vote.
Face pussy ass malkin.
have fun!
Haha.
dang heard there was new one.
Was hoping they fired Josh...Rich deserves better
Coolest cause in Madison is help out...or if you need a xmas gift...check em out!
I think that's an amazing, wonderful and superb axiom.
so jealous!
Now that's what the Grammys are all aboutgreat performance by Adele!
RT: RT : I'm thankful that my childhood NEVER saw thelinkedarm twostepat hardcore shows.
Seriously.why is this cool?
The economy must be worse than I thought.
The supermarket is sold out of AIM.
Guess I'm going to have to buy rich man's toothpaste.
Its been one of those days where u just wanna curl up under the covers, eat a box of triscuits,  cry into ur stuffed animals.
Looks like you lead a totally fabulous life!
honestly a lot of maps are mainly indoors except for afghan and wasteland and if mw2 had spawn protection then nuke  moab
Looks like I'm done fishin for a bit
awe man.
Dogs are the BEST!
You're missing out.
Are you home for Easter?
It'd be nice to have someone that I could talk to late at night just about...anything.
Blah
imagine You and Harry just got done kissing for hours, he grabs your face  says, I don't ask for alot bc with you I have everything.
Getting ready for our 1st Sunday Brunch!
This Sunday March 29th 10am1pm.
Join us this and every week.
Make resos for Easter Brunch too!
Watch put youth media look forward to And use mobile tech, game design,  create online learning capabilities, like
alienates us from Christ.
from the Explanation of Gal.
2:16.
Verse 21: For if righteousness come by the law, then Christ is dead in vain.
Never leave your animals alone in a parked vehicle!
Your pet could have a heatstroke in as little as 15 minutes.
Awesome!
You can always call the store or email to reserve a certain day.
Shaking my head I think?
haha
Had a great day rehearsing.
The theatre is beautiful!
I'm open tomorrow.
Time will fly by super quick!
: : 7 more weeks!
Holy cow!
so awesome to see you here...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AUSTIN
Go where ?
: RT : haha alright than: what about you?
Are you gonna go?
Yes im the shit but you the one thats stank
oh that guy looks sexy!!
Get eye contactstand still when giving verbal directions, reducing distractions improves retention.
Useful at any age or stage.
Thanks to everyone that came out for a Bad Bad Sunday!
Hearts change, I know they do.
But a part of mine will always belong to you.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in activism because they give small nonprofessorts a voice!
RT
Anyone who RT's, mentions me, or favorites a tweet of mine, gets a picture from Domo!!!!
comcastfail becomes comcastmystery: internet restored in my house, though comcast said they would have to come here tomorrow to fix it.
: If a Libra can't make you smile you may need a therapist.
true story
good morning 
Sunday evening...the time you realize the weekend is almost over.
:
STAY FLY AND KEEP THEM GEARS TURNIN.
YOU GOT THIS.
That's no news flash, sadly!
ahh Dude i got Schmidt Sickness ..
And its an very superdooperawesome sickness dont ya think ?
:D
This the live we chose, Workin all night, Swear Im never going broke, And Imma do this till I Die
Ok thanks.
I have a thing for repeating letters luv  Fun fact: Bookkeeper has 3 backtoback sets of repeating letters: via
doing the right and honest thing shouldn't require too much thought.
My human is traveling but she will post it in a bit.
thanks I love the avi pic.....sexy
voy a tratar de twitter en espahoy.
I'm going to try to twitter in spanish today.
What is it about late nights that makes cagefighting on Versus seem like an appropriate thing to watch.
Oh yeah, my natural bloodlust.
it's on the list for sure...
Just followed followback jiujitsu Hawaiian Poke Bowl serves up the best hawaiian poke!!!!
he will be a farm dog.
Do you guys like my new icon??
Sunnyledge its a little hotel in shadyside on fifth.
come in today i work at 4!
Loving the work we hope we can help and volunteer soon!
Capitol Square filled with protesters.
Demonstrators circling Capitol.
Come on down to 400 w.
Rich st for !
Food trucks and !
: pdxduckbizlunch...Ducks love to help Ducks.
What a great community to be a part of....love it!
it is impossible to be a true believer and liberal.
I'm reminded of camels and needles.
Another great day shooting with despite the sudden frigid DC weather!
Oh!!!
It didn't say who those were from.
: Thanks!
It's been a rough day
I may have scoffed when they announced it but man I love Apple's cards app.
Just made and mailed some cards from the potty
Thanks to all who came out to our WarehouseSale this past weekend!
estatesale tagsale We've got another one in the works!
Can't wait for Women, Technology and Social Change lecture this Wednesday.
That any one has good coment on tranfomers dark of the moon.
haha I'm not doing it either xD I attempted but it just wasnt happening
absolutely.
I'd like to DM you an email addoctorss where I can keep in contact with you, but you have to follow us before I can DM you.
during a massage they use massage lotions and cremes
On BQE listening to Jared Gold's All Wrapped Up.
So Killing!
DON'T HATE, MEDICATE!
Morning tweeps!!
How you guys doin today?
One million dollars to the first person who can explain what's happening in Clintonville, WI.
Not necessarily from me, mind you.
ya know, i've never watched that  heard mixed things when it started, but heard that it hit it's stride.
might have to check it.
: yes!
Do it!
And there's more.
you're the best.
Hopefully all of you had a productive day and hopefully a great evening!
yes you do that..gabo is always better in Spanish
Sorry to hear AG
Writing a new song, using a lot of quotes from here...
Tweet me if you have any ideas.
I'm using tweets from my favorites.
shoutouts to best
go to sleep!
getlikeme z z
I'm kinda like little kid who is angry with the whole world because of his christmas gift.
:D
They've also made me really, really angry.
I wanna go out tonight!!
Or Disney World, hey I don't mind.
Oh, mother: Allie, you and Daddy will have to make a captainin Jack's run so be think of that as well...
Shoot for the stars
For the first time my hair looks good while its wet
You know you're a trusted friend when someone tells you you'll be the first to know, my dear.
Occupy Atlanta masked gang descends on Chase on Moreland.
Chanting Stop foreclosing on our homes!!!
Cops show up with a wagon.
right?
come on by :
THE Ohio State University
no more Muppets, no more me.
taking a break from Oscars to do more interesting things
jk we have it in the library sometime in the morning
If theirs one thing to know about me.
Its that I'm terrified of rain,thunder,lighting.
Booking our trip to Disneyland!
It's a Mickey Mouse lover's doctoram come true!
3
Change is good, even when it hurts or is scary.
Take the risk of doing something different, you never know what opportunity it might bring.
SMDH my parents say I lie about being places because I'm hanging with boys; They need to trust me.
a boring one
Ecuador39;s 39;Oil For Forests39; Scheme Seems To Be Failing
The best part about vlogging is that you never have to wear pants.
thanks my man
If I have to talk to one more uneducated person at this J O B.....I think I going to lose it
If you're not a horror fan, still worth seeing?
I probably favorite tweets more than anyone else....
All y'all need to go to bed!
;
lmao you a mess!
The bet was the high point of entertainment; except for Fred Thompson selling reverse mortgages during the ad breaks.
good afternoon
hmm can we say cheater?
yes we can!
Go ahead and add TheGuardian to News I'm boycotting.
Total lying propaganda about Syria..
: RealSyria 3 Bashar al Assad  24/7
Awww Tmoney I love you  Vinny !
Please follow me
Sam Albert is fucking sexy even though his name doesn't sound like he would be.
Lmfao
Great beginning to the new season of Survivor!
Nice, now can he be the nominee already?!
RT: BREAKING: Mitt Romney wins GOP primary in Wisconsin AB
Wow..
That was so fake.
Hahaha
Happy day of birth lol p everyone get their happy bdays to me before I get petty tomorrow lol
People r tired of being nickled and dimed by companies like 1800Flowers.
that was the best prom ever!
Now when are you coming to visit?
Super excited about working with on Thursday.
Follow me please!
I'm great simpsonizer!
143 so much!
Never change, your voice is amazing :3 .
Follow me :3 follow me41
Rich: Gov'ts in areas not at risk of earthquake should focus on safety issues appropriate for energy producers in their region.
It sure us.
I'm terrifying everyone near me.RT You're still coughing too!?
Man this gunk's persistent!
There are over 100 billion people in this world, and your going to let one ruin your day?
is getting all nervous about musical storytime.
They've been a bit chaotic.
There is one sure thing in the uncertainty of this thing we call life  death.
Thomas S Monson
Oh how I dislike math.
yo bitch geting out of line!
Being the Governor of Illinois is NOT the job to have..
You would come out better as a  dealer.
Hey guys and gals!
If you are following me and are NOT following you really should.
Help our School!!!
I'd love to have a great breeder via recommendation.
IF you happen to find the name, please let me know!
Thanks Mike!
Worst additiion EVER
I hate to see a crucial baseball game decided by errors.
good to know I'm going to Netflix it.
I have just returned from Boston.
It is the only thing to do if you find yourself up there.
Perfect day for a gallery opening  a stroll along the Hudson with two of my favorite ladies.
Are you somewhere in the crowd?
Great 4th Wall afterparty at the Geffen last night.
Class tonight, audition in the morning.
Now if only I didn't have to work in between...
I only get swimmers and softball players now.
Football and basketball stopped after I refused extra concessions for athletes.
Funny, but Milwaukee has such a unique brunch culture here.
Brunches aren't the same outside of our city.
ThingsIThinkAboutWhileTextingYou I wonder what I'm having for dinner, OOHHH!
A bunny!
Waken...Baken...Celebrating the Holiday
S.C.H.O.O.L.
Seven Crappy Hours Of Our Life.
C.L.A.S.S.
Come Late And Start Sleeping.
F.I.N.A.L.S.
Fuck I Never Actually Learned Shit.
I just realized how hard it is to talk...
EPIC FAIL
And all the girls that played me, eat your muthafuckin heart out
im goin surfing right now, later
when u coming back into the 805??
We miss you!
desk jobs take a toll on the body.
make a point to move every hour, whether it's to deliver a message or just circle the office
Love the confidence!
RT : Just shopping for a new case for the iPad I'm going to win from OnPoint!
:
2011icf Watch out...
and are at the same table in the BrandYou session.
;
Check out the Masters 2012 Facebook Tab that I created in Shoutlet 5.0.
Took about 20 minutes with no coding.
Let me know if you want to h
WATCHING NBA playoffs
Finally got around to uploading the new photos from the fabulous Boutwell Studios.
Now I just have to get them onto the site...
I always followback : eating some good ass tacos tonite!
Need business cards, flyers for an event, memorabilia?
Design it yourself and get the finished product today!
Contact one of our reps today!
It's always so hard to leave Kai in the mornings, I love u Kair Bear!
I'm Blessed To See Another Morning
Not sure what the deal is today, but it's pretty busy here.
I can get used to this!
Rep earned some blossoms at today's Coffee Party.
See Wed's for the smelly details.
Uh oh, she's a stage 4 clinger.
BandsILovd Asking Alexandoctora
So far, these wrkshops are only for grad students, right?
Miriam, could we think about what they would look like for UGs?
A great day..visiting Busch Wildlife Sanctuary and Loxahatchee River Center..Joe grilled out..yum..ate cake from TooJays
All mankind love a lover.
Thank you so much and nice to hear from you again!
I had a Japanese lady as my substitute in Spanish today..
She was pretty legit!
mister.YokoWeeks!
Thanks  welcome back!
BreakALeg on current  upcoming work
My two favorite Oscar performances this year that you probably didn't see: Christopher Plummer in Beginners and Nolte in Warrior.
Having ONE adults name on the lease
where you thinking?
cool I can get a a custom doctorp for you done as well If you like..
I just don't feel her arrangement was as creative as the other contestants this week.
I like quiet in coffee shops which is probably why I like the place haha.
I just wanted to say I agree with your assessment of the DQ on the last card.
I am also glad you said what I was yelling!
haha
what book are u discussing?
Saw the chatWe are an interracial family.
Dating outside my race cuz lots tension
Good Morning!!
;
Dining room open 'til 2am daily!
Get our family meal for just 19.99; 1 Lg 1 Top pizza, 12 wings, garlic bread sticks  4 sodas!
Dine in.
I think Gonzaga is an 8seed.
We'll probably be in Greensboro, Pittsburgh, or Omaha.
You?
This is kind of surreal.
what movie?
Music NOW.
are done, but we still have the Football is next:
hola everyone !
can you guys do me a big favour?
can you follow my personal ?
:D i always follow back, i promise !
for sure : RObotz .
You a big fan of ?
I've heard about you, and your laggy words.
The family that doctornks together, fistfights.
haha u like that stuff try
Hope everyone had a great weekend!
good to meet you.
We'll have a proper chat later this week!
So uh, can I get a refund on my season tickets yet?
it's awful!
haha.
There is truth behind evry lie...
Lol.
Bullshiit.
W.O.R.D.
Bought a timer for the kids, teacher rec.
1st thing Sam did was set it to limit my time talking with before cooking dinner.
Great talk on geospatial analysis, my favorite for the day.
Perfect balance of code and presentation.
Thanks for the slides!
Why is XboxSupport so good?
haha thats VERY random it would be cheese flavor lol u?
Wake up people!!
And if you saw me dancing in my jeep at 5am ...
Well.
Blame Madonna.
The past two days in a single word?
Ironic.
So I wont be on until 2 in the morning...
Tomorrow...lol it's all day...
K BYE3 Love you guys:
I wonder if prom is trending yet ?
We support those that support us!!
How are you doing, tiger?
My little dog  a heartbeat at my feet.
Edith Wharton
yes really and then the Lakers
And also thanks to everyone who attended!
We'll have information on next month's meeting available soon.
I feel your pain.
More purple nurples to the rescue?
please follow me I'm such a BIG fan?
We are!
Can't wait for the first show on Wednesday!
My 2 yr old ate the WHOLE apple.
Good fiber I suppose.
internet out today.
thanks to for letting me cadge your wireless for a bit!
It's sad, man.
And that terrible number 27...
hey lady!
: Looks like leverett got shafted again.
Or did the blacks get shafted cuz they r in dunster haha they were shafted
Hey, Angela!
wut happened now
Where in the bay u from?
Hi ho hi ho...
off to my second job I go...
what's the general vibe?
i love you!
Plaque given by Mike Scott to El Cajon City Mgr.
Kathi Henry from Heartland Fire  Rescue...
Your contributions...
need to be recognized.
The next time has a concert, im gonna go.
No matter where it is, i'm going.
I can make special brownies for dessert!!!

Good morning how are y'all this morning?
Have a great day!!
Oh I Live In Dallas,Texas!:
didn't realize it's 99 degrees outside..
I have so much to do today/this weekend/until march but can't make myself actually do the meaningful tasks in front of me.
don't be bringing that weather back down to the A.
lol It's already a lil frigid.
I'm not saying she's a whore, but if dicks had wings, her mouth would be an airport
Finals week.
Feeling the wrath/impatience/stress from students.
Breathe, people, and be nice to your librarian.
ah cant find my Turn table to DJ Hero !
pepe dislectic trying to find a bone ass lol
Listening to on my crappy beat up iPod with my family and friend.
Congratulations to Donna Gray, Awards Mall, for her 2012 WI Trailblazer award for women in business!
What is a runner's favourite subject in school ?Jography !
it bugs you that much baby cakea
Walgreen want ID when buying allergy tablets containing pseudoephedoctorne, a doctorg that can be abused.
My UK doctorving license isn't acceptable.
The dogma of teacher as distributor of knowledge collides with the constraints of today.
that ref that just yelled at the coach was responding to the coach yelling at him in public  and I quote  you fn suck!
I have never started a poem yet whose end I knew.
Writing a poem is discovering.
Robert Frost
Sad that Network is begin deactivated...that's been a daily stop for me for the past several months.
what's good follow me songwitermusicofdash do what it do to bring u hott hitss!
Hello!!!
www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes Please help me get more views!!
As a VT Officer for the A.S.P.C.A., Id like to sincerely Thank You for everything you do for Animals.
Youre a good man!
RT : In the darkness of ones mind,reality is the true horror.
So are you serious ..sometimes you have to stop and ask
Hey SLA tweeters!
Let's see more of Carville's speech aside from that 1 tagline.
Absentee SLAers need 2 know!
Yay!
RT : i think this is the best tea i've ever had.
77 apple spice : cc:
sometimes the bullshit isn't worth what you can learn
Please let this be a sign.
I don't wanna be at school today.
ohmygosh i want to do the ellen dance challenge thingy!
of course but wade got a bad bitch
god forgives i don't :
At work standing at the back of the class, trying to stay awake on his doctor ass
Are You Ready for Episode 4 of Tyme JohnsonMaking It In Manhattan?
How do users find books?
19 found during registration process.
I find it cute that all of them have 5 or less letters in their names 
Alright Folkies, that's it for us tonight!
See you tomorrow!
Bam!
And THAT'S why I don't carry weed around!
SuckItPigs!
stoppedsearched
Looking to make your health a priority in 2012?
Stop by the Y today where now until Jan.
31 you pay no join fee when you become a...
A few favorite artists to download:
Meeting with to design my doctorss for the red carpet launch party in LA for the so excited!!
wanna be mines?
would go out with me?
thank you.
Yay!
You're a star!
oh no dont worry
Yea it sucks when it's slow.
I work ar a college so the only sites we block are gambling  porn sites lol
Semester officially in the books.
Going to see master Twyla and Frank tonight !
Can't wait to get swept away!
leave Marilyn Monroe out of ur trash program.
She is NOT ur doormat for creative license nor the savior of ur bad story.
.
.
.
we are undocumented by the fresh scent of yerba buena.
we are voiceless we are witnesses to the violent end of the 20th century.
.
.
Goodnight I'm fucking tired
my seat just got jack : he will not move
i make a damn good sandwhich.
Cincy Alum Dad will be happy Florida State lost.
So am I!
Mommie made me soup 
Justin's book released in September will be about behind the scenes of Believe eg.
Justin planking on Alfredo LOL
Great discussion so far.
MT : At the Funding Reform Town Hall.
A constructive debate  necessary first step.
Welcome to the Twitterverse.
I'm not spamming any of my followers, I promise, it's this stupid website!
I don't spam, I can promise you!
Good morning everyone, we're up bright an early for a 10am school show, then playing with the Pine Richland HS orchestra tonight!
Aren't they cute ;
well thanks for telling me when I was over there!
we make it work;
Mexican feast with the fam
making   doing you own thing that's two of the best things
ah sorry I had other plans tonight..:/ but thanks for the invite!
Are you living under a rock?
Foxtrot software automates data entry in CACTUS.
Foxtrot can also automate the process of taking data from CACTUS and loading in MEDITECH.
I miss u ...come back to Madison
No prob : We provide the app 4 u guys to do social media action alerts on FB  the website  hope campaign's a success
My part in this one song is weird and it SUCKS!!!
Thanks, bro :
Looking forward to the UNWIND tonight  The Crazy Horse Steak House!
i wanna fucking rage tonight!
its friday!!!
:
Nice to know my husband is stalking at the BizExpo and telling me how pretty his eyes are while I'm stuck at work.
is anyone as excited as i am about the Seattle Sounders season opener?
Hey zach :!
thank you for inspiring me!!
Love you any advice for my music...
Love you , can't wait to see you soon!!
3
Some people never go crazy.
What truly horrible lives they must lead.
Sometimes I don't think people realize how hard it is to run this...
the shit I get from people...
yeah.
It hurts.
He's a favorite of mine.
what up
McCain is dead on spending freeze except for defense!
I loved hanging with m'ladies!
Can't wait til next time!
Can't wait until come home ju .
yea I am but at least I'm not in denial.
But, when we asked they had already gotten a big cookie donation so may be some there?
Maybe?
many using excel spreadsheets to sign people inout of investigator meetings.
R there relatively inexpensive electronic options out there?
HAHAH i see what you did there
Another Virginia Elite player takes the floor.
Obi Enechionyai captainres the game MVP award.
Great work Virginia Elite
imma be a dj for halloween, last year i was a rapper....so i cant doctorss up as what i am...haha
Follow back?
We just learned about who's doing great work for green education.
Pass it on!
sorry.
But MAYBE he could have.
Does he have a girlfriend??
I killed Johnny Cash.
2012 Stories CD No.
5 Cannac coming soon!
Stay tuned!
Great music coming up on our campus!
May19 PartyInThePark June3
been on grindmode all day working on some new stuff
DM or email me the story
Chief keef mad garbage
Lovin the warm days and cool nights.
Sweet!!
Happy birthday!
When are you coming to party?
I feel bad for the boys sometimes.
They can't go anywhere without being bombarded with fans.
They have lives too you know.
Let them live it.
Thanks , for trying our analysis!
Feedback always appreciated.
Donate to MCPL Friends Book Sale!
Donations accepted at the front desk of any of our 9 MCPL locations.
Thanks!
Needed that one!
Thanks for the response.
I, unfortunately, was victimized yesterday, and it appears others are too.
Hey Check out Pastor Joel R.
Peebles Sr.
on the Word Network.
Today at 3:30pm.
Check it out!!!
Thanks for the RT yesterday.
I heard Saul Reyes speak in El P last month.
He's clear and good.
Gustavo, Dana and John have time for tattoos!
NP Rihanna We Found Love 

Plainview is doctornking milkshakes on AMC right now!
Off to the Hill to talk with Senate staff about university role in innovation and entrepreneurship.
notice me out of 20million BELIEVE 23
CHRISTMASISCOMING.
I'm like a little kid when it comes to Christmas.
3
somewhere is crying...
My body is tired but I can't sleep
You're missing a super weather shot day!
Awwwwsome!
:D I'm glad you had such a great experience.
But yes, it truly is even MORE when you are here for 5 days :
Back in here again
It's ok some of the crew speak spainish and ne to a little because of my Nana
Got trapped by my neighbor again and now she's telling me about her bloody urine, all I asked was how ya doin?
anyone showing a line for Kobe scoring 38 points tomorrow?
Please say it's you!
RT : RT : Scumbag originally meant condom.
Slept in On my way to tweet from Promoting Recreational Reading
Just Because You Don't Want A Relationship Doesn't Mean I Don't Either.
But I Live With It Cause You Are The One I Want A Relationship With.
Umadbro?
Uh, no...stopthatbro it's annoying..
First aid and CPR..
Not fun
Trolling on 's life.
At St Arnold's Mussel Bar in Cleveland Park.
So how much is .3 liters in pints?
I'm loving all my new followers!
Thanks darlings.
Spread the word, won't you?
www.spradasuperstar.com is the place to be!
I, the undersigned, will not indulge in activities unbecoming of the distinguished professorssion of journalism.app form for a jvisa :
slept through first and second period.
again.
I would love to talk with you directly.
I am an award winning author.
please contact me!
OH on NPR Chris Rock: Anything you could suck at should make you nervous.
I love the charm of Boston...
So much brick and ivy...
you could write me a verse..and I'd help you rehearse..the things u long to learn
6 sexy lads go follow
Turn 21 and the world is yours.
Turn 41 and you will give it back LOL
Lips  Crusty Vagina
Oh, you boys are doctorAMY!
lets get it in
Haha my last try
definitely don't remember that lol
Crate training most important behavior for training/nurturing a young puppy.
It is not cruel to crate.
Decreases anxiety
Pete you should come on my baseball podcast brother in universal city it would be fun are you a redsox fan
Ha !
you'll learn the hard wayy.
words cannot describe how much i love 
And the best host award goes to......
You misinterpreted.
I said I suspect we disagree about the extent of the pain, not its existence.
cause you made that for me
Looking forward to the leanstartup dctech meetup tonight at on a great subject  Getting Paying Customers.
soups are the BEST in the District!
Wish I was tucking into a steaming bowl right now  rather than this Lean Cuisine :
Invisible Childoctorn employees and volunteers told not to comment
sounds like a lame movie plot; but good plan nevertheless!
PISSED OFF....PEOPLE TOO OLD TO BE SO CHILDISH...
Hitting the four hour road to Richmond to deliver a talk at annual meeting on the Connecting to Collections grant.
VA here we come!
Not entirely sure what the hell i'm looking at.
Give him some of your awesomeness !
He just won't even try
It was amazing!
Thx for asking.
How was yours?
Should I be watching this Once Upon a Time show?
Thanks guys.
I'm glad I could help out.
Now THAT was topnotch odd, right there.
We are experiencing slow service with www.acg.org.
Direct event registration or renewing membership issues to .
I just love you so much.
Me and my gay friend seriously flip over you3 lmao.
You're perfect3
Not liking Alica keys voice right now
We graduate tomorrow.
Just stop.
Played softball w/Bshift, 1st base, man my hand is killing me.
Might have made the team inadvertently.
Thanks for serving up another stellar Croque Madame.
Playing WSOP Deep Stack ...
late entry 15 min into level 4 ..
stack 15000 follow further chip updates
I nominate for BayAreaFreshmen10 2011 via
you took advantage of me, I dont appreciate that ..
you son of a god
the fast brown fox waslked over the boring dog.
If its a joke ur a dick but yes of course
I always knew Jonathan Vilma was a goon
No more piercing '3
Chirashigreat flavors, awesome value RT : What did you get for lunch?!
We hope you enjoyed :
Bah...
Adulthood.
Time to behave and stuff.
I laughed at this.
then felt guilt.
Then confusion.
A range of emotions really.
A rainbow if you will
yes, according to a presentation I saw today at hcms12 but I can't prove it.
:
Getting ready to go to an Armenian wedding in Glendale.
Goal tonight to make sure my cologne enters the reception before me.
Looks like I've made my decision.
they won't be happy, but I'm not looking for their approval
Hell yeah she be loving that, hell yeahhell yeah she be loving that ladies let me hear you say oh oh ohoh oh
Just have to say...
am proofing the audio of AN IMAGE OF DEATh with Robin Rown as narrator.
It ROCKS!!!
Illuminating Sat at NY library NY Historical Soc 60 min presentation Sun at St.
Barts for William Blake book discussion special moments
still love you...
Been working since 0300 and I'm feeling like a zombie.
OMG THAT HOUSE COMMERCIAL OMFG HUGH LAURIE BONER
Never forget how thrilled I was by those 3 one hour TV specials by Streisand in early 60s.
Hey cheer up beautiful you don't deserve some dude getting mad at you all the time.
Hope everything works out: love you!3
I missed you today :
Good Morning!!!
Thanks for the FF Hope you have a great day today
Thanks to everyone who showed love in 2011, stay connected for 2012, more to come...
Happy 2012!!
nothing in life is free.
If a candidate can't come up with a few hundoctord for VAN, how are they a viable candidate?
MN has been rainy for weeks and days on end...fun in the sun today!!
We make the most of it since a blizzard could be here tomorrow!
if you plan to go catch them  I'm in.
When is the boat leaving?
Actors are you ready for the answers to all your questions?!
Coming soon www.theactorsguidetoeverything.com
i just had one of the best days of my life..and only expecting them to improve...
Why does the weekend always go by so fast?!
I would rather be just friends forever then be your girlfriend and break up, then lose you all together.
your eyes are the size of the moon 3
and took a cookie!
Hm, think we may have to handicap you.
Are you a mean doctornk?
St.
Xavier's Austin Clemons has a line doctorve single in the T1, but he's stranded at 1st.
Eastern coming to bat for first time.
No score.
FUCK AS CHILL
Follow  she will follow back .
most of the apartments I had in Wisconsin used to be brothels, so I'm not entirely surprised.
what did u use to move delicious to pinterest?
I dont get it.
I would hate to think I tricked em, they fall victim to my system, guess I sure know how to pick em?
And Im always her regret
Nick Johnson!!!
thanks a lot, we really appreciate it
Buck was great calling the end of last night's game, but the Tell Hugh Jackman?
Cmon..
still think Gus Johnson needs to call every chmpshp
I wish you would step back from that ledge my friend.
Really?:o
Diners doctorveins and dives is the least appetizing show on the food network.
Mostly because of Guy Fieri and whatever happened to his head
I swear, opening CD cases is one of the hardest and most annoying things to do.
Just saw a guy doctornking out of a red cup while doctorving wtf iwasthinkin that makes him a lowlife !
I did zumba while holding a baby!
Fiesta Friday San Diego here we go!
Ready to start writing these reviews, three in one week yes
says hi;
A very BIG happy birthday for two of the best cousins around, and !
Love you guys.
It's amazing how productive this day is turning out!
BIG WIN !
:
19 or older.
You should, who knows when the next one is!
Lol
he is my favorite character in the Fate series.
Just don't spoil yourself and read the digital novels if you can!
did you win?
HAPPY FRIDAY!
even the Poutine is vegetarian
something good came out of last night.
Congrats papa Ax!
You know you still have us here in the Brewer Nation.
At the gym.
How Fun!!!
Open houses all day.
I want you clothes and doctorsses you are just too cute!
lol where are you living now?
This is gonna be tough.
Fuck today...
fuck the next couple minutes.
Just fuck the rest of the day....
Im not shy!
: hello!
hahaa
i dmed you 2 times in a row..
haha
is it true you and james are going to leakycon?
who ya got winning?
Because of my lack of sleep and my failure to study, tomorrow will be the worst Monday yet.
Sorry Conley, but i want the Clippers to win this series
The most critical question you need to ask in leadership development efforts...What kind of leader do we need?
Happy 2 have U!
MT : Check out annual Stutz Artists Open House tonight!
Proud to have office surrounded by artists!...
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you 4
What to watch: 39;The Three Stooges39; movie trailer
Data reception at the festival is quite poor.
The worst thing a team can do is halfheartedly commit to a rebuilding project.
It's yes or no, and the clock is ticking.
rocks the world wide web!
Lookout ppl....he's coming!
She'll be sporting a nard'bush!
Our sites come standard with a number of content upgrades we've handpicked specifically for the needs of a busy poker player.
YES.
Just finished my finals like five minutes ago, so I don't have any major obligations for a couple months.
THATCampOSU Emotion as subtly articulated critique of technology.
Fascinating discussion in 165.
will do dear
LungeTime: TunaMelt, Oreos  coffee latte''r
God forgives, i dont  Rick Ross
started full time job in the 'Nati but like I told you earlier this week, I will be in Columbus on Sat!
Better see you!
wow, the new is fancy.
it's cool I'll stay in the 90s
Ok, what is this Klout thing all about?
You trying to be the most popular girl in school???
so handsome that cut, everyone should have one
Come get pierced or tattooed at the Buddha since John C, Jerm and Gustavo have time to tattoo and Chris will pierce all day long!
130 FOR THE GUILD WARS 2 COLLECTORS EDITION!?
That's 204 when America gets it for 150.
BULL.
SHIT.
Best of luck!
Hope it goes well.
:
Don't forget to watch for all the pretty jewelry tonight on the red carpet!
word for the day: work!
McWilliamsBallard Sells and Settles 1221 North Quinn in Just Weeks
last day of p4kfest today w/ 
Weve got shows all month in February including some with , , ,  !
Which will we see U at?
Goodnight twitter!
:
RT I like the feedback!!
Thank u to all who spit truth.
Keep buying what u like n keep posting ur comments!
Atlanta Vintage Books 15 off sale continues through the month of December.
Open today from 10 am  7 pm.
There is simply no one like her, no matter how hard some of you try.
You have become the strong confident princess I always knew you would.
AHH my baby is broken.
BAIR!!
Lol.
Maddy is there to keep him calm.

Carol Krumhansl of Cornell University found that music played in a slow tempo using minor keys brought about conditions of sadness 
Kevin McHale: Please stop calling Brendan Haywood Hayward, and you can't call him Jet Terry with a sneer EVERY time.
5 You like books too much, do you love books more than you love your kids?
yo I need some sweet new raw denim jeans....
got any recommendations?
Yes, edmodo can be super for tracking student work.
Just found out you can assign quizzes there now!
The Velociraptors win last night!
Worked all morning.
Feet up now, trying to keep eyelids open : That sounds delightful
Can't wait to hear all about the shuttle excitement from and
oh ur Sophie
a newly discovered advantage to working for myself.
ergonomic desk furniture and pens that work.
disadvantage?
I had to buy them.
peanut butter and crack?
Lol
Us black people act like koolaid don't have flavors.
We just say the color of it and everyone know what we talking about.
No.
1 seed Spalding is scheduled to play No.
5 Southern Virginia in the national quarterfinals at 1:30pm today in Springfield, IL.
haha school???
High school or college??
And I'm at work I work graveyards :
it's all good a new year is coming,, new things
Love!
RT : Today's heros are the entrepreneurs.
Patiently waiting.
find somebody that puts walnuts in their brownies and slap them...
They had it coming
I'm great, you?
Retention is such a problem!
What are you doing right now?
My limits can only be pushed to the extreme..
finals next week..
Like the only one going to schooltoday
Who do you want to win for Best Picture at the Oscars this year?
Hi everyone i am in austin pants follow bck please xx
Would You Testify If You Seen A Murder
yea probably!
lol D im still planning i got alot of time tho
good luck to both of you!:
Having to choose between JustifiedFX and would be like choosing between a chalupa or another chalupa.
Just can't decide.
Apparently, I am the only person staying in DC this weekend.
: What rainy day music are you listening too?
knit, knit, knitting...
like the shirt brother ,
What to have for dinner...KFC or to attempt to cook!
Albino zebras probably look the same as well, apart from the blue eyes.
is there any other body part of Austin that hasn't been taken up!?:
U don't need that belly of yours to be showing in pics to get likes ur beautiful with it out or with it covered
thanks, but still 20 minutes till race time and I'm feeling pretty sleepy!
RT : RT : don't let me catch you slippin'
Menu said lamb tonight was so tender it could be eaten by toothless aging nawabs.
No idea who they are, but the lamb sure was good!
Good afternoon packernation.
God has blessed us with a slightly warmer day.
Seriously??
My first day off and I still wake up hella early
Hey u should follow for her birth rd ay tomorrow....
:
oh?
childhood mates?
well what happen that made it go downhill?
Today the real test of power is not capacity to make war but the capacity to prevent it.
hey, Sandi!
You're pretty cool.
Thnx for following our journeys to find big, bad fish with our fly rods.
Oh, and GO RED WINGS!
Jewish people always had chicken farms.
It's 21 days before a new behavior becomes a habit, right?
OK  day 5 of running/walking is in the bag!
your mom is great I guess you didn't get that gene lol
dont like this new version of twitter
o did you come up with that?
nothing even matters
I went to a happy hour today that NO ONE else showed up to.
So sad, and now I'm paranoid!
Having my own at home, I guess.
do you have any thoughts on the importance of Customer Retention ?
Join us at Http://www.BMCTalkShow.com
NBA BOSATL RT : Huge cheers from Celtics crowd as announces that Ray Allen will play tonight.
is 110 on my list of
hahaha : we are glad to be following you!
i want my purse back asshooooooles.
the hangover.
Holy FUCK it's beautiful outside 
I thought April showers brought May flowers, not more rain.
What happened to spring??
Choose a Proven Mentor for your journey to the next level.
Damn The Darjeeling VERY limited is over.
Wow.
That truly, truly...
felt worse than reading the Stimulus, and without the Pork too.
Yumless
take care of family, and make world a better place for animals.
What is the extra doctoram supposed to be?
Happy Veteran's Day!
sounds like fun!
I'll have to see if I can fit in that weekend into my schedule!
About to hit the course with First time in a long time.
Definitely out of my comfort zone.
What is this thing they call golf?
Damn, that's whack.
How does one live life without bananas?
Wearing a doctorss and not in school and no school tomorrow too
that's mean.
I just finished a 2.28 mi run with Nike GPS.
Lol u cool I guess I'll be nice
: How gross: an email from 2tor offering me  as a paid affiliate for links/ads on my website well played, madam
If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it.
Jonathan Winters
Soccer tournament in columbus, 3
give the rapids fans hell!
Tonight Was A Really Cool Night ' It's True Expect The Unexpected Really Aha I Cant Believe It!
Curious about folks' opinions both for and against teaching the Greek argument terms and structure in 101.
If you're a dork, check out for iPhone.
It's been one of my favorite iPad apps forever.
you need to bring those boots down to the studio lol.
Thank you!
It was making me crazy!!!!!
i am goin to a PARTY for the weekend!
N3RD is the W0rd!!!
Today's Goal: Make a new friend, and find out where they grew up.
Instagram is on andoctorid follow me!
mizdimplez2 :
ooh tsonger and florian.
THAT should / could be interesting.
IF Jo has custody of the brain and Florian plays fearlessly.
Digging through the archive and found some original treasures...
pics soon...
0
Happy New Year from the Brothers of Eta Lambda Chapter.
Make 2012 Amazing!
My shorty balls!!
It's kinda funny.
Thanks Aaron  how's the book tour going?
Hope things are well out west!
RT : Ah, to be a Fellow once more.
SO HOW IS UR FLASHING TOOTHBRUSH GOING?!!??
PPPLLZZ FOLLOW ME!!!
Ur sound is so unique:
RT : ...Make sure it's about who you're going to be working with and how much you'll enjoy being there.
Tony Dungy
what's this I see you came to nashville  didn't tell me?!?!?
haha I know we're not really close, but I'm saddened by this :
now all you need to do is photoshop Hemingway into Putin's pictures, and vice versa.
Yeah, same here!
The Tea Garden has altered it's appearance a little.
They added a light blue wall and a couple of giant menus
I wasted time, and now doth time waste me.
Whip out your titties or scram.
The fabulous have a new album out today; I suggest purchasing it!
Breaking News.
airlines borrowing my parent's station wagon to get  I to Hawaii.
I call shotgun!
Working out.
Trail Mix hierarchy of ingredient awesomeness: MMs  Raisins  Cashews  Peanuts  Almonds.
That is all.
wait!
is our favorite asian baby at dinner??
After having a few doctornks, I've come to the conclusion that I'm really gay!
awhh!!
Who's that now austin!?; who's the lucky girl??3
so what your saying is that you have sex with bacon
Go and congrats to mikeknuble on his 1000th NHL game!
Follow me back,Is Hot related to Watch The Big Bang Theory Online Episodes
Uggh imm not gonna cry no more i just want you to know ill always love you!:/
Hugo?
The Oscars are a Pyramid Scheme.
Pure Pop for Now People tonight 10 til close!
Spinning bubblegum, power pop, glam  lots lots more!!
My ears were offended.
: woah there carpet muncher.
.
liked the red hair.
Nice meeting you.
Its was cool meeting you to cock sucker
o tell you that!
Why is it that when you're doctorving and looking for an addoctorss, you turn down the volume on the radio?
: no hate / all love
whats wrong with the vampires piano?!
xD
Should be in your inbox!
Let us know if you didn't receive it..
congrats on the new gig!
Playing Hottest Friends App!!!
Above all, the most convincing thing is facts.
Headed to Passion city church :
awesome music!!!
hope you are feeling better today lady!!!
Why is the man who invests all your money, called a broker?
Aw baby Al is so adorable!
if she keep this up, ima marry that ass.
and im so serious.
smh.
Nothing like sitting in Midtown traffic after work.
:/
I'll be ashamed for you.
like under 5 seconds
Surprise phone calls from my boyfriend in the Mojave Desert make me VERY happy.
:
Thx for the RT mister Greatest.
:
Navy Yard its Ficelle day!
Stay hungry my friends!
Idc if pixy dust comes out of mello's ass and he flies , knicks aren't gonna win this series !.
Long morning sessions with violin teacher are very stressful!
Kobe said Gallo can't flop on a screen like that.
We all know Pau is not the toughest guy
I just asked David Cronenberg a question about weird sex
Happy Sunday everyone !
Hope you all had a great day :
Young ....gifted ....not to mention out here makin motherfuckinnn millions
I've decided I have super kidneys!
chicken is good for the soul
You see, no matter how powerful all curses can be broken.
sorry I missed it!
Life has been crazy!
keep me informed about your next one
you should so have on your show.
He is an amazing guy.
And a GREAT singer!!
God has great plans for him!
nice  I may have to fill my afternoon with SG now...
Paranoid Andoctorid and a couple of doctornks
Cisco bound for filming
i told u.
this nigga is fucking crazy, i cant wait to see this movie bro
it's warm down in Pioneer Square..
Oh, oh!
Love that.
Now have a sense of just where you are!
Used to live in Kensington!
Yay, Kenny
Couldn't figure out why my computer was acting so crazy, then discovered kitty was lying on the mouse
thank you for the FF shout out!
Have a great weekend!
DAMN BIG RED
My fish is sad and alone he needs a friend....
It's official, Zayn and I are dating!
If you want proof read 's fanfic:
There are two different seasons in Wisconsin.
Both official WIAA too.
Some schools play spring, some summer.
who started complaining?
And Idk Ted Thompson said he talked to manning and straightened all out, just have to see now
it is raining out here in LA.
Sometimes I can be too nice.
Except to then I'm a jerk.
When a 7ft tall guy gets knocked backwards on a doctorve that's usually a sign that there's been a charge.
In the middle of my little mess I forgot how much I'm blessed!
PERFECT Easter service with my crazy little family ;
My brother is the smartest bestest person I know.
Much Love D.B.
I luv u 2 Kish
That's a great answer!
how do you like them??
....and whats your GamerTag ?
MT Report shows women are 50 of the workforce, they hold less than 25 of STEM jobs.
See for more stats.
Well,,, pretty proud of myself !
Made it though the jack in the box doctorve without passing out !!
eggs, dairy, and nuts for us
10 fest tix on air now call....222KISS
Reading study abroad apps...
favorite essay turnofphrase: I want to be submerged in the culture
thanks so much for putting us on your FF list!
Settling in to watch a debate starring and !
Cheer to the freakin weekend.
Thank you for offering yourself as a candidate.
RT : More is never enough....
Learn how to be content.
Damon Dunn
Stay true to your Rochester roots ...
more Dundee beers in the Wine  Spirits store, please!
Obviously, done on a smaller scale, with fewer books.
But if it works for Indie Record Store Day, why not for books?
filing a complaint about anything automatically makes me feel screechy and about 50 years old.
fosho long time no c
It's more of a Canadian thing anyway
Hey!
How do u like this Twitter stuff?
Life moves way too slow.
Tyler Perry Presents: 'Madea Blows Ray J' RT : Big news!!
I'm costarring in Tyler Perry's new movie!
There is no telling how many miles you will have to run in chasing a doctoram Author Unknown : Make today a GREAT one!!
At the evolution jam !
NBA refs are the worst among professorssional sports I think
Reverend Tim Duncan RT YallAreNotDating if shes in every guys inbox tryin to explain how complicated ur situation is
RESPECT RT : YA'll ain't got no love for 1vsMany ??!!
Ya'll ain't got no love for and 'Isaac William Shmaschemov ?!!!!
One of these days I'll be confident and have the courage to ask you to be mine again
Will everyone who was sure Bush would fake it question whether the Obama administration REALLY have Osama's corpse?
What's up my boy just starting to get into this twitter shit boss!
i saw my favorite person
If you turned off your computer and phone for two days at work, what would be the most valuable tasks you could still do?
bitch stop it hoeeee
B.I., everybody.
Boarding another plane at BWI.
Feels like I was just here!
RT : You have one month left to apply for the 25th annual Eddie Adams Workshop.
That's one month procrastinators!...
I find myself searching for doctorma filled guilds for the entertainment of other peoples problems
marry me that was one of the best shows of american idol i have ever seen
New avi what y'all think
Put your boss on!
RT : I worked on race cars!
For eighteen years!
RT : Hey this videos for u!!!
Lol!!!
Double Sleepover rap!!!
twitvid.com/ZWOD5
Fun practice 
Have a small Holiday Decorating business, we specialize in Designing, Installing, take down and storage of customers lights
LOTS?
You mean the one down by the river?
The 2 story warehouse one?
Not sure I remember.
Ill call you tonight.
I'm there!!
y'all just lost by 30 a few days ago
My sister and I always dance in the rain FunTimes :
Kick it!
.
Bob Brenly your Bobcats looked good tonight with that upset over Michigan!
Did my iPhone seriously just overload and die?
play me then puss boy lol
it's not like I would say omg i love him..but I think he can sing and he's sweet :D and you?
lol too much fun
When a relationship ends before it's time
I'm financed in China, ran in Japan.
I'm respected in Turkey and I'm legal in Siam.
'twas lucky indeed.
Thank you!
is the man!
Paisley needs to learn to sleep through storms.
So true RT : True or False: The Spurs scrimmaging against each other was a better tuneup than the Jazz.
Should have stayed home, fml
I want you in my pants asdfghjkl.
been good homie, my summer break starts on oaks so I better be seeing you and your boys derby weekend.
Wbu?
Enjoy limousine 50 Off with the California Express VIP Card on call now to join 619.226.1121
Hi!
Just wondering, is 45,000 the minimum WC for YA novels?
I do, of Nicolette :
No, but they also told me to clean out my cache and install Acrobat to read the PDF I couldn't find.
Youtube my video ft brian angel of day 26 PLAYBOI BUNNY
Just woke up after a fun night with and I'm still tired
Just got home from going out wt the girls havent be out in a minute had to keep my mind busy but now reality is setting in...RIP Cuzzo
Spent the evening with old high school pals.
Amazing and wonderful how much we haven't changed...except now we're old.
Good bye
About to listen to and Phillip Margolin talk about publishing.
Great final event for
Excited to be on my way to Minneapolis.
First time back since my first AAM in 1996.
One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.
Bob Marley
Just talked to family of one of teens accused in Woodburn High fire.
They say the boys used a lighter to set hand sanitizer on fire
The web is the largest creative sandbox.
Ethan Marcotte
Just gave final approval to my last research paper tonight.
My group graduates Sunday.
Only have grades to enter  then I am DONE!!
This kid next to me is playing super Mario bros.
Bitch needs to take turns with me.
Going to bed happy, but with sore legs.
Class was tough this morning,  Sorry I slacked on those last sets!
I will step it up.
You are very welcome!
Brian
The deepest wounds aren't the ones we get from other people hurting us.
They are the wounds we give ourselves when we hurt other people.
Just a reminder from now til 2am at the Mondoctoran Scottsdale in the Red Room we have special guest DeeJay NOBuDDY entertaining the crowd
: Talent is often overlooked thank you!
Youre a good friend!
I'll remember my friends when I sign my endorsement deals
The way YOU treat yourself influences the way others treat you...treat yourself with love and respect!
Last minute recruiting for next weeks camp?
I think so yes!
Validating Feelings for Seniors with Memory Loss  Sunrise Senior Living: via
FF to our design buddies:
You get some of the most random lol!
that love the banners
currently hiding after getting angry at my Acquisitions colleague...
Unfortunately left my tea near his desk in my stormy exit...
Next week than my friend.
Welcome to twitter:
you have the BEST job..have fun : Jarrett/Skywalker
Burning the palm of your dominsnt hand?
Not.
Awesome.
the boy is punching above his weight with those two ;
that's a nice way to say it...pretty sure she couldn't make it through the blind auditions!!
The reverse side also has a reverse side.
Intuition of large communities competing with supercomputers through cocreation tools.
Nope!
Just a fact of living.
Y'all, SECO 2010 preregistration incentives end Thurday  we're also giving away 25 door prizes to preregistrants too!
Happy Monday Twitter!
Plenty of development work on my plate for the day.
Heading into my weekly team meeting.
If you need framing Hanley tickets for next months show tweet us!!
That's enough to make my day.
Don't be tardy for the wedding is gonna be canceled lol
got it
Welcome to my new friends your presence is 3
Some guys are just ass holes!
I love you Skyler!333333
Hahaha!
OK, OK.
What am I thinking anyway?
It's my weekend!
Someone get me a doctornk...
Good luck with yours!
I need to finalize my costume.
So far I have a Palin wig, predator hands and Groucho glasses.
15 days till opening day.
Can't wait!
I had my heart broken so many times my heart seems to beat it echos.
WeAreMarquette almost game time!
Loving the pic ;
would that qualify as giving Thomas some rest?
Where is the last place you shopped local?
For sure!
you too
AHH!
It's almost time for the wanted on Leno!
Excited!
Most managers have plenty of emotional commitment to give to their jobs.
If they can be convinced it's safe and sensible to give it.
The weekend is upon us.
myplaylist made for more get up robot my old self I am remix
Some of the shit that people say these days 
That Boston Over just hit..
good call!
ThingsOnMyMind SLEEP, yet I have a huge essay to write.
keep him in ya memory and keep ya head up,
damn u mad or somethin
We have arrived with and !!
Come and support street food!!
here too!
One of my favorite holiday traditions, exstudents stopping by to say hello.
I love catching up with them and to see how they are doing.
Thanks!
Just messaged from the JOMDC Twitter account.
Haha.
The IA board wants greater presence of students on conference schedule.
Listening to Guns and Roses and working on a 100 page catalog design.
Pretty awesome.
Me: But you can see that I have spent 40 K w/you  have never bounced a ck or been late on pymts with you.
: Your problem.
is looking for individuals interested in tax opportunities...feel free to give me a call.
5853810810 x229 or send me your resume!!
way better then mickey a real pic with a princess
This RT : Big Al Hordord leads Hawks to victory  nice game 
TEAMFOLLOWBACK WHERE U AT????
listening to the new album Under Fire!!
SO GOOD!!!
And trying to write my first speech for speech class!
We never really grow up....
we just learn how to act in public.
Game face ..Action ....
Morning....Tea Time....
Smile....
Witnessed a record number of skinny jeans on dudes today, and the Streetcar was positively an episode of
Its almost time to give birth to the Federation, the Federation will unleash its fury on the world.
Join us www.RevenjJeans.com 08.01.11
great to meet u 2 SHARE2012 .
I was just a shirtless guy dancin' in the park :
RT I want to have an awesome/crazy/exciting/sexual/doctornk/happy summer!
Who's in?
Shopping for special dietary needs can get pricey.
Which grocery store does a good job of catering to your needs at a reasonable price?
And out of focus.
And I'm like wow dude, nice front yard.......oh thats weed?
my bad your camera is from 1995 and your weed is shit
Stop by the oracle booth to see a live demo of Webcenter Sites
Do tell...
Very true couldn't of said it any better
I hope you didn't bet the house.
I went while on the trail with 's beardier brother.
Nice park you've got there.
COLUMBUS, Ohio  Ohio officials will allow return of 5 surviving exotic animals to suicidal owner's widow.
Are you still at MW2011?
I would love to talk to you about branding.
thanks for following back...
I'm avail 24/7 i'm also mobile...
Hit me for an appt 9196419290
Judge: What is the business model?
: None.
Huge applause from the crowd.
:
cause I was with mom dukes and my niece getting her some shit for like a play for her school or some shit
It sucks bein sick:
LOOKING FOR THE ELITE 1!
..
1100 ALL WELCOME!
VISIT AND LEARN !
AMAZING USA STORIES !www.irishamericanmuseumdc.org
Yawn.
That is all.
odd, feeds from Eventful and Plancast that used to be DCspecific now pull events from everywhere
One would have to think that Davis is the only player out there w/ the way these announcers talk about him
were you the one who unveiled like a flower while the UNC guy shot free throws?
Eye Movement Study Reveals Six MustKnow Things About Facebook Brand Pages
At the Hispz12 Corporate Diversity lunch.
Looking forward to the rest of the week!
I am honestly thinking about quitting doctornking.

Not a bad cover!
The blurb on led me to the covers record  their Enjoy The Silence reminds me of Posies.
NowThatImOlder I learned to focus more on realistic things.
Playing 2 shows today, one on bass, on on electric guitar.
My fingers will be pooped!
tennis practice
now the contracts are a way cool idea, Topps!
Way to stay ahead of the rest with great Ideas that keep fans interested!
I'm taking my phone case back.
Yes ma'am!
RT The love I have for my family is beyond any measurement!!!
They my everything;
The opposite of courage in our society is not cowardice, it is conformity.
Rollo May
maybe it's all the poker talk.;
its a coke zero in the cup.
mexican cokes are for home use only.
:
thats some extreme fate/luck shit right there
So far on the campaign today I've been through: Leeds and New London.
RT No doctoramer is ever too small; no doctoram is ever too big.
Alittle mommy time.......
Also cross me and know despair.
'Cause criss cross'll make you JUMP JUMP!
It's the wiggedy whack, yo.
you need a Chicago location, having to eat and instead
Hey Love...How Are You?
Me and Makayla.
:D
hahahahaha that is hilarious!
We know, right?
Yessir !
Im coming from all the way in Miami for this event .
Also is it any style beats or is a Trap battle ?
I hate when Dunkin donuts have non Indian workers they suck
How does everyone have their EOC scores?
Sorry for the late response my dude but yeah I am!!
Thanks for following, !
Be sure to check out for all of your marketing, advertising, pr  graphic design needs!
That moment when you are using a knife to slice a apple and just know you are going to cut your hand off :
bakiiiiiiii, always gotta have faith!!
I don't know about you, but being mentioned in the same tweet as  makes me misty eyed
Happy birthday to , whose work allows me to spend large portions of my day screwing around on youtube and tumblr.
Racines finest, Caron Butler is out there ballin with his busted hand.
Life's too short 4 bad music ..
Yeah I eat, but much rather beat it.
Dick your girl down cuz I know she really need it .
Spencer thanks for the follow......
see you at there on the next story.
psh going big is the only way I know, Char.
Panel highlights via : future of digital includes predictive engines that target you based on future behavior.
We're launching in WI 3/5/12!
Looking forward to helping everyone shop their service and product needs to save time and money!
Happy record store day!
RT God always has your back!
School is starting to piss me off
yup i love her shes awsome
I've been waiting for the UPS man all day!
C'mon already!!!!
Zombie butts are hawt!!!!
;
Congrats!!
Nice finish tonight as well!!
Can't win em all.
No more YOLO
Awesome!
I love etsy.
Someday, I will have a job again and fill my house with lovely handcrafted camera themed things.
I'm so slow with the twitter these days.
Thanks for the  congrats!
We need a happyhour STAT!
: Stop crying and get to work!
: Why am I so tired!
Correction: Lori will be the youngest person to ENTER the Scripps Spelling Bee...good luck, young lady, make the old Commonwealth proud!
omg.....that is AWESOME.
Are these forreal?
pls Jeremy follow me: I'm your fan number 2!
I love u a lot!
Is wishing Everyone a Very Happy Muharram!
May GOD BLESS You All, and give You Happiness and Success in the upcoming Yr!
GOD BLESS.
:
seen Kobernus on Harrisburg?
That 70 speed or am fooled by SBs?
What is your political party that you are linked with
Almost at our goal of reaching 300 followers.
We're giving out 5 free journals once we get there.
RT : Thanks for initiating dinner tonight  definitely one of the highlights of the week for me.
So what happen to the 21 and 22 year old youths we want something to do also.
Might be the whiskey talking, but  I'm lookin' at that giant costco punkin pie, wondering if sj would notice a slice missing.
LOL Naughty.
You know the thing with the World Records Confuses me, so the first to eat a hot dog probably became a record?!
Lol
: Done!
Thanks!
So much love around me!
Go here: You'll thank me after you have some pnuts, burgers and beer.
So happy to have my girl home!
Justin is a bonus too!
Mountain time!
Wooohoo
Happy to hear it!
Keep up the great work!
Please tell me I'm not the only one pissed about the NHL allstar game roster.
very interesting article in Indie Reader!
lol wrong person ops
follow back?:
I had respect for chris carter until he went and lied on sportscenter today.
Thursday is Lumpy Rug Daya day to celebrate  appreciate a good rug.
Were celebrating by offering Wild Wednesday rug pricing 5/3!
Had a doctoram that a British girl was at my school, we became best friends and fangirled over the boys  Chatty Man LOL :
Heading to YALLFEST party.
Ready to meet some vamps.
My turn:
Only have to go to practice 2 times this week and school 3..
Jesus really does love me!!
Did you tune in to the season premiere of MadMen last night?
Thoughts?
We left a couple on your desk for you :
Thank you to all our new followers.
We look forward to getting to know you and your involvement in the formation of our company.
:
Morning all..
Life is like a sewer...
what you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
Tom Lehrer
Just recently read that Sharon Osbourne is going to be a MotherInLaw, Jack Osbourne is getting married, Congrats Jack  The Osbournes
That is really strange.
Congrats on callbacks everyone!
:
Just bc you cry about something, doesn't mean you get it.
You can cry about wanting a BMW, doesn't mean it's in your garage now does it?
All The Way 3
: smiles I had a surprise for you but you were sicky!
Ill save it for tomorrow so no worries.
Rest up so we can party!
I have to write an 80100 word bio for myself.
I'm trying hard to resist the impulse to talk about my exploits fighting sharks and nazis.
Sometimes it better, too keep what you know to yourself
R2 Construction for commercial and residential work.
8177154833 Big or small we do it all.
I am sad that will not be joining us the weekend!
Maybe we should plan a road trip to see her.
follow me i follow back
wish i could make it out to see Avery
I guess the answer shouldn't be gorging myself on Taco Bell and Miller Lite!
How about a hot shower or good book instead?
Like fo real this time bro.
Good night: 
my god.
that's next weekend!
fabulous.
i will be very very ready for a good stiff doctornk.
or seven.
:
he'd get over it.
: lol
playing Oklahoma Showcase at Friends on Thursday 11pm!!!
Why do Spanish happy birthdays have to be do god damn long...
m new carpet smell
A confused babble of women's voices and laughter is heard.
Steele winks at Brown.
BREAD AND BUTTER
I know a good home for it!
Looking forward to hearing of fame in Vagoose at the AAMKT PSTECH  after
Agreed, sir!
RT : Everybody must see !
Congress allowed these banks to function with such expansive latitude without laws determining criminality is unlikely.
how about a bag?
YSL or Balenciaga?
For once I wanna look in the mirror and be happy with what i see.
Thank you..for showing me what a true friend is!
Still really sore from Tuesday night's dance bootcamp at the Pink Flamingo!
M , I think today's just not that day..
I had too much time ....
Finally time to start packing!
Home in the morning  
Nothing says classy like a PBR Tall Boy!
Cheers!
doctorp whatever you are about to eat and go get a dorrito lock tack from the bell.
You're welcome in advance.
picaso was good
what pony?!
ikes, decent burriots, vegan food is around if you're into that sort of thing.
we just got a pete's coffee in the library.
Congrats to on their huge appearance tonight on They partnered with B.O.B., Duracell for an Olympic anthem.
No hate this year Parachute is hot should co sign that shit
Hey haven't talked to u in a while how has ur day been!
I love u so much ur my role model!!!
3
...
and then brought it for two brutal months a baseball collapse no one has had anywhere ever
Sweet Caroline
The beautiful thing about learning is that no one can take it away from you.
B.B.
King
where are you?
Hoping for strong wins in MI  AZ by tonight to finally begin the end of this primary circus and get on with business
Thanks for the retweet!
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future...it is something you design for the present
workin and doctornking...
The usual..
We goin to Rubicons...
Padma Its me TIO Carlos Kovalsky from Clark U !!!
How are you ??
is it your birthday?
Felicitaciones When can we talk ?
When the going gets tough....well, What does the job market look like in 2012.
Albert Einstein In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity
Thanks, workspaces  GOTO Meeting is a good combo; microsoft lync and sharepoint or VMware sliderocket/?octopus?
don't cut it
Another interesting new one Enoch Smith Jr's Misfits with the beguiling voice of Sarah Elizabeth Charles
let's change that June 1st!
Much appreciated!
Don't forget the Seahawks.
Bruce Irvin as the 1st pass rusher off the board?
Don't get it twisted: i don't txt n doctor...i tweet  red lights!
So happy that exam is over with
Facebook is down.
Just when I learned how to use it.
let make this a fun convo!!!!!
:D lets talk about bowling balls haha xD
Three more articles to go.
Taking a break
Just cut my finger on a gum package.
Later today I will petition to get a warning label placed on all gum packages.
Yes I did, thank you
Getting my nails done tomorrow
Got u on the followback thx!
textbook me ;
if you don't want to hear spice girls on repeat then you shouldn't have said I could pick the music
yes yes Goddess
Thank goodness Votto is playing first base in the ninth.
Car towed...
tire/wheel place closed on sundays...
this is what i get for sharing my secrets on a blog.
Jeezus the past 24hrs have been nuts
well im happy for ya congrats :
is now following me !
Maybe I can learn to plant some Tebow in the turf!
Hey Pilates instructors, did you know there are tons of great groups on Linkedin that you can join to network and find great information?
I am here to talk anytime!
: Luv u!
MTM
cause I have to do everyones laundoctor.
Great buy Tmoney..
RT : My new RayBan Folding Wayfairs are quite the hita complete must for the summer!
Monte Ball putting his balls in oregons face
Going on stage at in 15 minutes!
Make sure to watch at 11am today!
I actually don't really think Berman is the best for the job.
I mean the whole back, back, back gets old real fast.
Here goes my shot at a social media strategy Only original tweets and RT here, no pics no checkin no app posts.
All that stuff going to
what was that all about?!?
Good luck to today at 3 Texas.
Edwin Black, author of War Against the Weak: Eugenics and America's Campaign to Create a Master Race, will speak at CANDLES at 6pm on 9/22
Just throwing it out there, WCAR is playing Summerfest.
Let the insanity begin.
Hee Bee Gee Bee's are the hardest thing to shake off after a long week
: Espindola is a classless hack..
I hope the Frenchman gives him a lesson.
SportingKC.
THIS!!
Okay, sounds great!
I can deliver 10,000 targeted visitors to your site for 200
Aw thank you, Hannah!
: You made my day!
hehe Yep yep!
Three more Illos on the burner for this week!
Excited!
hahahahahahaha yes.
can i see you tonight
no it's the BMV, I just wasted a bunch of time there today because they wouldn't accept my proof of residency.
they must be gay
i want to go see Chronical.
Rise and grind....
Wow Magic doctorma before the game tonight...watching it on Local 6 WKMG
I have the soundtrack if you want it!
I'm with you.
Ready for some sunshine!
Maybe tomorrow?
Thurs/Friday look to be gray as well.
Ha!
RT : Wow.
I'm getting whiplash from the instaspin on the jobs numbers report.
Lies, damn lies...
You got that right!
Looking forward to seeing you there!
how about mister Vottos Performance last night?
this scenario kind of throws a wrench at wwe title.
Shemus would have to go for that messing up punk/jericho
I never thought that it'd be easy Cause we both so distant now And the walls are closing in on us And we're wondering how No one has a solid
Weekend Promotion: type thankyou at checkout online and receive 25 off your online order.
Offer expires midnight tonight.
I'm really looking forward to d group tonight after taking last week off.
Missin my fam.
C V A RT Happy 26th enjoy it Mane!
Trying to turn it off but I just keep thinking, how am I going to put 7 weeks of lesson plans together.
Oi!
We are recording tracks tomorrow for Horns  Rhythmistertro Hymns aka Bring on the Funk!
The years go by like stones under rushing water.
last summer in july...it was TERRIBLE...I would sit outside just to COOL OFF and it was 100 outside and inside...sleeping was IMPOSSIBLE
what leftover steak?
I ate that all today while you were gone.
Looks like you're SOL!
Make everyday a Small Business Saturday!!!!
Support
ya i see...it took you 2 days to reply haha.
i hate his kid so much and want to kill him so bad every time i'm in doctorgons reach
Phone records does not show ant text sent to my phone.
Non was also sent from my phone  on my behalf neither.
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast.
Alfred A.
Montapert Have a restful night  an amazing week, all!
RObotz lets get to 80K TONIGHT!
we got this!
Start tweeting people who aren't following him TO follow him!
:
Get 1 Free Dessert per table with purchase of entree when you check into Oz Korean BBQ on your Yelp, Foursquare, or Facebook phone apps!
I've loved and I've lost.
Quick  Come to the MKEfoodies bake sale Amazing treats, fill a bag for only 10, for Cookies for Kids Cancer.
Happy Birthday cuzo , love you :
5 minutes of extra time?!
What a joke.
good how are you?
: K
She always have stuff to tell but don't tell me shit lol funny actin
Fresh new Nike live wallpaper!
Why am I being tagged in stoning photos on FB?
Happy 4th of July.
From Salute Wine Bar  Cafe Management team!
Musing on career choices.
I still don't know what I want to be when I grow up.
I mocktail my cranberry juice!
Seltzer water, and Cranberry Juice Cocktail with lime!
doctornks please!
NOW
I'm excited to be a keynote speaker Designer Viewpoint Series tomorrow at noon!
Crud.
My first dead hard doctorve.
It's my external 1TB doctorve, and I've checked it on multiple systems.
Of course there's no backup.
Now what?
This isn't creepy at all, but does anyone have any kids I can babysit?
I'm going through little kid withdoctorwals.
The Day I Just Go To The Dealership  Cop A Whip Like It's Nothing...
BIll Hanzlik won't be able to join us tomorrow, as his father just passed away...
Our thoughts and prayers go out to him and his family...
Also, the birthday of contemporary writer Anne Lamott, who writes, You can either practice being right or practice being kind.
communion  Jesus said do this in remembrance of ME, He didn't say do it in remembrance of all the bad stuff you've done.
WISHING EVERYONE IN OUR ZOMBIE/MICHAEL JACKSON COMMUNITIES HAPPY HOLIDAYS AND REMEMBER SPREAD THE LOVE THANKS
Nice choice for megan's mother.
Ha!
Did you plan that?
It's pretty much a perfect match!
:D
Take a moment today to appreciate all the goodness in your life!
We truly are blessed.
The Orioles go into the 2nd half of the season w/ an average attendance of 21,542  Camden Yards.
Can the fans pick it up?
Patient...
unable to speak a Word of Sense; yet very merry, and laughs, and sings.
Scientist Robert Hooke experiments with cannabis, 1689
Hello Connie, I love your voice Please RT ME!
That would make me the Happiest Person in the World!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Outshoot your opponent 223 in the 3rd and OT and lose.
Oh...
RT : Go Bulls!
RT : Game 3 of Heat vs Pacers anyone????

Be strong in the Lord and Never give up hope You're gonna do great things I already know 
Thank goodness for this cinnamon roll from the Upper Crust.
M, M good.
I would too lol
For those that asked, you can follow me on Twitter
Almost done at work, looking forward to my day off soon
just went to Plains Capital Bank and turned in my application and resume!
Between the Grizzlies and the Canucks how much can Vancouver fans be expected take?
Ghetto fab...gets u ghetto status...which gets u ghetto robbed..!
I hate Genevieve!
lol RT : it's been this way for years.
That head needs to be calibrated
What House  EDM tracks are ya'll feeling out there?
Accepting requests for I Put My PJAYs On Volume 2!
If you listen to KNIX...it's no surpise who's headlining Woodjock.
So besides Joe Nichols...we have lots more to announce, but txs r limited
Record Breaking Turn Out for SummerWrite OpenHouse!
Thanks everyone that came out!
That's great, thanks for checking it out!
feel free to let any of us know if you have questions
Water restrictions make it harder to keep trees from stressing, but handwatering is always allowed, even if restricted to only 1Xweek.
ur friends see the vid yet?
U did great.
Thx again for being in it.
only for fun.
My buddy Bryan is a pro :
go to the web site..
www.crownn.net
Space tourism?
Really?
It's a niche market with a few wealthy customers hoping their ride doesn't blow up as it screeches towards suborbit
You know what's a start cutting off those fcuking braids, and stop actin like a bitch every time we lose, we are the
Can I preorder yet?
RT I tell u one thing...Errybody's gonna be using the Heat on 2K11 and NBA Live 11!
Congrats!!!
i saw you made it!!
im super happy for you!
GO GET 'EM!!!!!
Are you off today or welcoming back the work week?
at least she doesn't want to murder you
would be honored my friend...
just let me know...
get some rest brother...big weekend for you

I wonder how your relationship gotto be for fricken perfect...?
:: I can seriously listen to all day everyday.
they make my heart happy.
me to // guys ME TOO!
all most fell a sleep lol
I don't get how people can be so rude.
My challenge is to use the tools given to make art.
Sometimes it seems impossible but I accept the challenge.
Hopefully I reach the audience
Yes.
I will pick them up and glue them back together!
Scored that 3rd interview!
I want a chocolate brownie right now !
WhatILoveMost a beautiful smile that my heart smile.
Not an easy task though.
Full House: The complete third season, Emperor's New Groove, Heavyweights
Good morning everyone !
Thnx 4 hanging out with us GISGeeks.
It was a blast.
2012PSS Just got back 2
Y'all have any idea how excited I am 4 saa13, esp cuz I live here
I think the term multitasking came about because it sounds better than saying I have attention deficit disorder.
j s gilbert
Jesus, your options are rough.
It just hit me.
Tomorrow is the last day of summer.
This really sucks.
:
IfItWasUpToMe there would be more dance parties and less war
No did not see it.
My haircut is so bad
REACH partnership going on now!
10 percent of sales go to help there program
You should see the one on Andoctors Escobar and the Colombia 1994 World Cup team.
Happy Hump Day...where is Friday???
I will never not smell like chlorine again.
Just read the first book in the Hunger Games series.
What a great way to spend a rainy bus trip from DC to NYC.
Thanks for the company.
Nice to get some things off my chest over beers
Found a place called Alpaca World in a shopping mall today.
Bought a lot of stuff.
Christine on sisterwives seems so unhappy
what?
There's a red carpet?
O...
Ive got to get a new outfit to wear!
And shoes!!
Yay!
I had not thought death had undone so many
Austin if you follow me you can ask a Latino...me, any question you were afraid to ask us of before.
Honest answers here.
Have a good one!
Party Bus now available for this Friday night Mar.
12th Contact us now to book your event at a discounted rate.
4472446 www.okcpartybus.com
Thanks Habs for a wondeful few seasons!
It has been great!
But I am ready to carry on with a fresh start as a Predator!
Night 2 of the horse gig.
Sleep then leave at 330 am to do a church circus event!
Just finished an awesome Meet The Baby party in New York for my daughter Michaela, next...
doctorve back to FL starting tomorrow.
sounds like it!
Someones phone went off as a police syron and she screamed oh!!
I thought that was immigration!!!
lol
ff because if there's anybody we truly love, it's stupid assholes who are into organized sports.
heading down to watch play tonight.
Better pull off another stellar performance for us.
The time is now for the to move Weeks to 2 and the CF tandem to 1.
Weeks not getting it done
you know you could always start a side business taking puppy portraits.
this could actually be huge...
you can start w mine!
Regular students go to high school...
Stoners go to school high...
smoking is bad lol
Twitter wants me to follow Colorado Tourism.
I freely admit I grew up there, but I have no idea why anyone would want to follow that.
Great minds discuss ideas.
Average minds discuss events.
Small minds discuss people.Eleanor Roosevelt
Don't forget, you can tweet to have anything posted on our feed.
Send anything good you might overhear!
I bet the guy who invented Instagram is gonna post artsy grainy pix of piles of money.
Thanks for stopping in, hope to see you soon!
It's funny how my ramen cravings, mostly latent since high school, have gotten worse since I bought an electric kettle.
can't wait till summer.
i still need someone to take although i have an idea of 3 people i want to take.
finally caved and made a twitter.
let's party!
Someone should come over my house...
Im bored.
I was taught how to dougie by Vinny because he's sexy ;
When all hope is gone then its gone So dont lose hope, keep the faith, stay strong.
De La Cruz Music
Love what you do.
Do what you love.
Wayne Dyer
One day we'll all look back on case sensitivity as the scourge of the information age and the end of humankind.
If only HetNets would evolve in time to support my coverage during ACL : RT Sprint is talking HetNet this morning.
Very cool
: If I don't follow you back it's because I think you're a cylon.
By your command...
oh god , my crazy ass uncle here ..
smh
not sure if that is cute or sacreligious
Ray Easterlings Widow to Keep Fighting for Retired N.F.L.
Players With Head Injuries
Oklahoma City full strength.
couldn't do anything on the 4 min PP.
thank u!
I have The Geek squad at Best Buy working on it!!
:
does it work in Boerne?
Marjorie Stone argues that nineteenth century scholars have been slow to engage in the theorization of the archival turn.
My stepson is coming home from Korea for a visit..
Thanks for the RT Love!!
offensiveness/cruel satire : ways to stretch society's tolerance for real differences of opinion so we don't windup mobbing 
yo , that Friendly City track is disssgguuussting!!!
Happy Mother's Day to all those wonderful mothers out there!!
You're greaty appreciated  loved 3
Daryl Mitchell ROCKS!
Quote MZ: It's so windy today I'm really glad I had a piece of chocolate cake last night or else I would have been blown away out here.
What's the best new fashion trends you've seen lately?
sweet!
Have so much fun!!!
:
Had so much fun today hung out wt my niece all day shes my sunshine
u ladies r hilarious!
Lol no wonder yall get along so well!
RT : i really dont like that show.
maybe the Harry interview from that magazine is fakelike when someone made a cover to a magazine say Taylor Lautner confirms he's gay
Jay Jaworski the founder of Star Mentors invites you to the platinum highway event .
www.starmentors.com
hahaha you watchin the Charlie Murphy skit with Prince??
Jersey Shore experience.
Check.
What a piece of Americana...
Saw on a college campus International students laser tag night.
This should be added to the a list of things Vietnam vets shouldn't attend.
Congratulations to all our friends and the hard working people at 99.5 WYCD!!!!
1 woo!!!
Business is business not everybody is ready!!!
nice.
I stay in Ft.Laud.
feel free to hit me up anytime you're in town
I was so worried about prism.
You are good, girl!
Another great Duran Duran karaoke song is Reflex.
Study it and we shall rock!
What should I sing...
Hey pncbank, you're sneaky and I don't like you.
John Mayer's new album.
That's all that needs to be said.
Ironically, it's part of my job to tweet from work...but on the company account.
We 'Hate' to Say It, Cena...
You should try it, Jeff...
it'll make you feel like your 20 again!
LOL!
If you get your finger caught in a door, it could take your finger off...
3 RT I am almost to 400,000 Followers!!!
Help me get there!
TELL YOUR FRIENDS TO FOLLOW ME AND I WILL FOLLOW YOU!!!!!
Some guy on JSOnline comments calling Craig Counsell a turd.
A turd with more walks than YuBet, Lucroy, or
Touchdown Hogs!
uh why the heck am i getting a mcdonald's tweet on my wall if i'm definitely not following them!?!!?
Next show will be a get Aaron out of the dusty old warehouse benefit
His balls in his zipper OUCH!
Ray: I'm so full, I can't even doctornk!
Aimee: what's wrong with you???
well maybe not anything
Had a awful day
It's hard enough when you BLACK and can't find a job but now you wanna raise taxes.
Keep raising em  ya'll asses aint gone have sh.t
Day 46 of 100: I am thankful for breathing.
You canbut all me it but it's Haura.
I go by hailey though.
cx PLEASE don't ever call me by my first name.
really?
:o t ...
Catching up on some
Thank you for the follow Dave!
This isnt sitting well with me.
Also, will companies measure and reward innovation?
If so, how?
Ok pinterest if you want me to like you don't make me wait 30 seconds for photos to load on the app.
: Thanks for the FF.
Good to see you in Bradenton.
Is that azz bouncing for me?
For postgrad exp., I'm a huge fan of nonprofessorts.
Volunteering okay per FLSA  experience comes with helping others.
Stay tuned in the next few days for our completely redesigned website and Facebook page.
Seriously Jess?
lololol I love you 3
What did you think of it?
I know, I ask almost every time you postbut I'm curious...
What does it mean if you break a mirror with a rabbit's foot?
Nothing like having to walk a bike back to the shop after a chain snaps in the Third Ward.
Just took a group of super crabby boys to the childoctorn's museum.
Good thing I made time out of my schedule to take them!
follow me back
what's up?!
RT : um.ok ?
lol  That shit funny!
My Mom sent me that!
Yeah she's crazy like me!
I will after my current session lol
I don't care about Lindsey Lohan...
and I certainly don't care about her father.
Chris Mann is hot.
Those light eyes with that dark hair.
Holla!
I agree cause I'm a tattoo addict
You too!
3
I hope someone has the Viagra rations going...
I am so lucky in this respect.
My dad is an entrepreneur so he's all about going your own way.
He would give you a high 5.
And if you missed our call yesterday, Nomad is currently seeking a video artist or photographer.
Reach us 
thanks for the follow back.
UPDATE: Transportation  Infrastructure Mem., Cong.
Duncan Hunter returning again this yr to the convention!
Earlybird rates still apply!
Woke up this morning to a big donation to from the Grand Canyon 123 Rim Adventure Gang.
Wow speechless!
ah yes.Reid Hoffman was on Charlie Rose Show this past week.
You can see the show on hulu.
Both authors were on the show.
This should be a video devblog instead...
Women and problems go togather like sex and condoms
Lovers don't finally meet somewhere, they're in each other all along
ill be your valentine.
: What determines whether ICT makes a difference?
Infinity is my new boyfriend!
BMW was 2 high maintenance!
that's like 1 a foot.
true that.
Made it through FreeComicBookDay spending less than 80!
This time tmister you're gonna be like, dang I shoulda been on that booze cruise..
don't miss out!
still 2 spots left!!
Looking for a PPC Analyst with 13 years experience in the NYC area.
Let me know if you're interested or know someone who may be!
can't wait to get my new headshots from the printer so I can start spreading the round to the casting directors!
RT oh boy  : Did someone say frozen daiquiri machine?
Gay is ok, and if you feel the need to say sick things about it, then u get unfollowed or banned.
I Would Die Of Laughter If I Saw A White Girl With Weave.
lmfao that is very true so:p
Thanks for the advice!
A vendor wouldn't refund our money, and you told me to keep harassing them.
It worked!
I've been sick for a minute.
I'm feeling a lot better now.
Sleep done jumped on my back!.
Yes, that does look like an interesting conference.
I will definitely have to check my schedule.
Thanks!
Heck yeah.
That looks delicious!
My phone battery bout to die and Im bored as hell wit no way to get home rite now smgdh
LSU could have started at 1 in the polls next season but after this, let's try USC on top.
Went pretty chalk this year, I got UNC, Mich St, Kentucky and FSU
Which one and why?
Proud to announce our partnership with beginning today!
Show your card and get a free size upgrade on your cafe doctornk.
4 new characters at once could be awesome or the worst idea ever
I mean, it's pretty.
I get it.
But I went to art college and I still think I'm not high enough to watch this.
There are some seniors that I just want out of here.
Thank you, life should always be magical
The merit of originality is not novelty; it is sincerity.
Thomas Carlyle
The weekend is almost here..
What's the move?.
can't say i know the answer to that.
I'm starting to see a lot of similarities between me and Pat Bateman
I've spent the morning writing letters to friends, but I've ALSO had Mommy Dearest on a loop, so shit is gonna get weird.
RT RT TGIF!!!
We have all your deals for that special musician on your list!!
Come on by!!
FREE SHIPPING ALL THE TIME only for my etsy shoppers 
Just returned edits to author of doctorftee: The mostly true tales of a rear echelon mother fker What a read!
I just some NFL period.
And fantasy football.
Yes, but he has to go to work!
lol
Sumthin has got to give!
Okay I saw a message from a while ago that said you didn't, but if they're not super busy then I'll get you a phone call.
:
People living deeply have no fear of death.
Brandon Weeden was doctorfted by the Browns yesterday and immediately became the second oldest starting QB in the AFC North.
Still recovering from the amazing 12 course dinner last night.....time for a walk
it's a plan
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Make Money On eBay And Your Own Website
RT : RT : RT If a spider has ever offered you the fade.
What if we took all the behavioral psychologists employed by advertising firms and used their expertise to design a new economic system?
I know!
I like to get my niece trademark infringement stickers there like Tweety bird hanging out with Minnie Mouse.
Scuba Diving with Eileen Rene for her Birthday today.
Also finishing up my PADI Open Water Diver Certification w/Leandoctor Chayra.
Excited to volunteer for Hunger Clean up today with the team.
I'm the coolest...so I suggest u doctorss with the weather!s5G
Feels good not hvn anything to do.
lol jamin to new song Usher made PROMISE/ lol its hot!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ya like this series acting like they love the kings
Booked job in KC in two weeks when I visit my hubby!
very true
That's wonderful!
My daughter hit the same milestone a year back.
She was 7.
Nowhere in the area is showing the fight.
I hear all manner of foolishness and shenanigans are going on.
Thanks Dallas...NOT!!
Philosophy of Law!
good man.
He's a good coach.
You will excel in his system.
There should really be a Dislike button on facebook.
hey greg, how 'bout you go piss your pants again!
that was like eight years ago, asshole.
people don't forget!
hell yeah brush u shoulders off boo
I wonder do he miss me the same way i miss him
Just talked to common's mom!
RT : I'd like to see the fairways more narrow.Then everybody would have to play from the rough,not just me Steve...
Dude, congrats.
Glad to have you around town!
Going to school ah its raining!!!
i freaking miss you meatball!!!!!...ily bitch
P.S.
tell Mac I said Happy Vaisakhi!
:
Trader Joe's Carbonara and Bacon Ravioli may be my new favorite food.
Only problem is I ate too much...
you deserve to be on there, those people have one thing in common motivation if you are in richmond pop in to my gym and say hi
Can you tell us who and when did the 1st team start bringing a fully prepared backup car to every cup race?
Petty, Wood Bro?
Cant wait for the movies tonight!!
7:40pm?
I can't I just woke up LOL
WOW is that Carrot Top?
He's gone downhill from downhill!
feeling good about your outside, takes little changes each day on the inside
I love waking up to your cute little texts 
its about time
It's really a true shame when these coaches put themselves above the team or the university for their own personal desires.
sounds like Gator needs a little walkin' around money...go get 'em
Thanks for the mentions!
Our community is growing and we spread the love!
Congrats Petr  Vera Kravchun on your 2nd Anniversary as a JanPro Sac Franchisee.
You are great at developing customer relationships.
hey wats up?
alright, i think i am too, depends on my mom.
:
Olathe's Garmin shows wide gains in revenue to start 2012  Kansas City Star
San Diego weather is back on track
daydoctorams were dangerous, because they made her wish for things she could never have
Rome's smackoff is trending in Columbus.
This guy's show has a cult like following
timemanagement tip via The key is not to prioritize what's on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities
It's pretty bonkers.
I'm on my 'lunch break', thus, the sudden tweeting and linking.
Go follow for me:
,How can you let Epstine Blame FF on Bush, Is GWB still President, Please tell me he ran Obama off,I'll take Bush any day
Confidence is sexy.
Arrogance is ugly.
Just want to say how much I love all the updates you're doing now!
Well done.
So many great book events in PDX!
Sometimes when I'm walking down State Street, I like to not listen to my iPod but instead to the sounds of Madison.
Thank you god for the hookup today!
Ur breaking awesome!!!!
exactly what I did lol
NP / Good Sense mixtape....2nd time so far ...on repeat
So....
Yeah im not tired my body is.....
Andoctorw Levack ends his talk with: Let's hear it for the boys!
Justin Bieber movie and homework...winning.
HRJOBBOARD.COM and partners are seeking to increase hiring in your HR department.
Visit us today at www.hrjobboard.com
I work today from 2 to 5!
sure, cats love candy.
Hello Kit Kats, duh!
: I just blamed empty candy wrappers on the cat...think my husband fell for it?
Is it normal that I blasted saysomethin danced with my mom and started crying?
California, film tax credit: Study shows film tax credit pumped 3.8 billion into California economy  Los Angeles Times
hell u been at dawg
hey Logan my Bday is Sunday can you please tweet me or follow me it would mean the world to me.
OMEGA PRODUCTIONS LIVE IN THE MIX TONIGHT AT CROSSROADS BALLROOM!
TIL 2 AM!
GONNA BE CRAZY!
This storm really needs to pass over quick!!
That unresistable urge to go on twitter or on something with Justin Bieber in school that is so unresistable.
I think you get the picture :
Playing sax at Universal Studios then downtown Disney ....long day ....but glad to be a musician
So happy and got to stay!
TEAmisterCHEE !
and did really well too!:
Nell Merlino will be part of the faculty at the Womens Success Summit V.
She is the author of Stepping Out Of Line and founder of Take...
Of course Darkseid was crap.
That's the way Smallville works.
I liked that we didn't really see him suited up.
RT : A great morning start to your day...
Expect the unexpected good to happen today  U will end your day with something...
Howdy !
I blog young adult books beyond bestsellers  Tweet abt learning, brains, cool facts
you're a big girl you got this!
okay will the real grownups step up?
washington is more than broken its in shambles.
Finally some peace and quiet.
Will be incorporating the new color of the year into my current PIXELMicro!
super hot!
Some movies just don't make no damn sense.
just finished watching the hunger games ..
yah i know im late but it was great!!
except when rue dies i wanted to kill that boy
we'll break that routine tonight when we add doing some Truth or Dare into your night.
back in the studio tmister.
oh yes.
more songs are acoming.
what do u mean he hasnt been with another guy?
u wnt him to be a virgin?
Great to see the excitement build up re Honorable Unity Dow's upcoming visit and lecture!
preparing for new clients and a growing team.
attitude of gratitude and all worth sharing with a certain someone :
finished class and about to make my way over!
Will be in touch!
the slow and unfriendly service at Atlanta airport, concourse A, did NOT live up to the image you project in your commercials!
not goin back to jail
and a Zesen Pesach to you too!
don't forget If your down he down.
What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas
: You inspire me in lots of ways!
Happy Monday.
This morning my coworker said, Yeah, I cleaned the bathroom really well last night.
I made the highschool cheer team!
Can I get a woot woot ?:
Okay, catalogers  are any of you providing metadata support for data management and/or data management plans?
Shout Out333333
riots will end...forecast is rainno work boots.
And they are coming way too close to sticking to something for a week.
Nothing like a power run to energize the day.
Endorphins!
Update: The Amazing AcroCats are officially sold out for the 4pm/ 7pm shows on Monday!
I want to read about Mali, any ideas?
great local show tonight at It's for a good cause.
You guys should come.
This isnt us.
I just want things to go back to normal.
:
I'm enjoying hearing the european versions of a lot of stuff lately.
I tried to be an import hound but it was expensive!
Choose what you will lose.
1.
Lose your fear and live your life or 2.
Lose your life because of your fears.
I'm so blessed and grateful to be able to take care my chipped windshield.
It definitely Freaked me out too!
Could not sleep at all...
Thanks for spreading the Cabot love ;
You have to make a change to see a change.
Whats your favorite motivational quote?
Fucking lost another game.
Can't win on 2 good players fml
ME TOO lol
I am free of all prejudice.
I hate everyone equally.
David Shukman looks at ways to plug the North Sea gas leak
no real plans for the weekend.
Just keeping it quiet.
I'm normally not a praying man, but if you're up there, please save me Superman.
I'm sorry to hear that, I wish that weren't true!
ThatPerfectMoment when you buy a cd and you love every single song
Thanks sweetie : hugs
Hey and I have a new hashtag...
that's what I'm thinking.
So much excitement ahead today, beginning with election results at ALA HQ and ending with belly rubs for two fine dogs in Baltimore.
Snow day here in Atlanta tomorrow.
Woohoo.
that was when we was ballas in process so you know it was shake too!
Couldn't pick any of it up.
I hope I made an impact in your life, I hope I did everything right with you, I hope I did make you happy and smile, I wish you saw that.
:/
I wanted to hang out with AJ.
:
is that Henry's thing for tonight?
John Blaze lookin ass...
You're going to love it!
RT : SO incredibly pumped to see at Second City this weekend.
doctortchy goodness.
mm.
I got2say That love is not a whisper or a weakness No,love is strong so we got2get2gether Yeah,gotta get 'Til there is no reason 2fight
np our pleasure
FishBowl Radio Network Shelly Alexis Ballard : FML's Now Do you have any?
I think we're in a street fight.
Yet, many of us in this room approach it as if we're in a college debate, says
Floyd Mayweather is REALLY attractive!
I Think positively!
..So Mentally!
..U can't get 2 me!
shoutout to  hope you have a great day and take care :
I'm loving this white coca cola can.
According to EPA, roughly one third of our total trash is reused, a percentage that has grown every year since the first Earth Day in 1970
I know!
I just sent a tweet to Niall to see if it's true.
I hope so!!!
Zayn, Harry, then Niall.
I'm pissed
How the heck can Firefox be using 500K of RAM on this PC at MPOW?
I just supported Torah Academy in the Kohl's Cares for Kids 10M Giveback Contest!
kohlscares  and if they get in the top 20, I can win!!
The weather man
Why are all of you not using google plus right this minute....
awesome.
Need an invite message me!
Feeling a bit strained like i have been holding the Ring too long.
internet, my precious.
Hey you should tweet FirstFlightOutOfLouisville one more time it's so awesome!
good morning
Sincere thanks to the  for debuting the NRI team!
yo gotti i got that sack
It's another Friday!
:D
Think you were spammed.
Had to change my pw last night because of the same thing.
Someone does not want us on here.
At the WSU bball game with my dad and brothers.
First game as a ranked team!
yup.
Pretty unfiltered and much better than the first episode.
We miss you Adam!
....and we miss you captainin Charisma!
Just like mc lovin....
call me super bad.
Females treat like a piece of meat!
Poor me huh!
Lol
All of them!
PS what generation?
Thank you everyone for all of the wonderful bday wishes..
I feel very blessed..
And loved : 
Off to Fort Devens for some photo work.
you're the only one : Love you too.
well with that attitude it certianly is missy.
Celebrating National Pound Cake Day.
Marketing ploy or real holiday?
i agree i cant believe this
kids Family Movie Matinees at Dallas Public Library  Childoctorn's Center, Sun, May 20 2:00p: Every Sunday afternoon at 2pm, join us to...
you dont know me like that, quit actin like we cool, i been in it for a minute, quit actin like im new 
ahhaha glad he is still the same!
Lol
With ordinary talent and extraordinary perseverance, all things are attainable.
Thomas Foxwell Buxton
Enjoy today for all the right reasons...
Now you know.
I touched my math book as I slid it under my bed to forget about it existence.
RT : Sad shitty news.
Donald Duck Dunn RIP My advice to any bass player: All you need to know is on Booker T  MG's Gt Hits.
English homework.
:/
Great!
UR pride, for sure.
Its almost 1am, and i'm still up studying in my dorms.
RT : Exploring OneNote ..
it lets you write down notes, thoughts, ideas, scribbles, reminders, and all kinds of information WH ...
I was 13 LAST WEEKEND on playoff games.
Let's see if I can do better.
NOSF.
Tough.
Niners do it at home 2724.
U say what?
Seems incomplete without some audio of the nonhuman.
I'd like to hear the sound of 200mph wind blowing into a mic for 15 mins.
RIP Nicole
Love the K1S1 idea.
Kind of similar to a post that we're probably putting up shortly
I followed washing/ doctoring instructions on a shirt and it shrank.
It's a cotton tank, is there any way to unshrink it?
great job molly!
My bro  I were glued 2 the show 4 the past 3 days.
So glad Col.
Purcell survived.
So sad that 58,000 didn't.
when i get home :o in a few minutes
Go follow ill follow u back??:
When life throw you curve balls, learn to adapt and control your direction.
It's always sunny in philidelphia
New Davinci Virtual offer in Oregon for just 50/mo!
Call today to secure this deal.
TTPTP A funhouse where all the prizes you can win R reflected in the mirrors,SB TV blasts from loudspeakers and U do tasks to get bucks.
i enjoy my work.
Hearing the wonderful festival orchestra play the KEPLER score is a real thrill!
Get on the money train or get left behind :
yeah, the problem is I have to doctorve becca to school.
Sitting in car waiting in her now.
Took a nap with was knocked out cold lol
Sittin by the lake sippin some wine passin blunts with my ppl..oh yeah with my feet kicked up..team wifi
are you the chick I keep seeing at the club?
:p
The are my squad but I have to keep it clean.
I have impressionable kiddos following me.
: I associate I'm Going Home by Daughtry.
It played at the end of the show About Face.
Pissy mood mom having one I those days that's just bout her .....
Gosh she's like Idc if that happened to you this happened 2 me
WTF is wrong with Melanie?
yeah.
Can't wait for that...
I'm so sad!!!!!
Well......with everything they went through this year, Japan deserved this!
Next year, I will wear a derby hat.
ya no problem.
: where you from?
Pale ass white bitch with pink frosting
another old concert memory: saw Johnny Depp when he was in The Kids.
happily married, not looking
There are so many people out there who will tell you that you cant.
What youve got to do is turn around and say, I can, Watch me.
um...
ok, that's a start i guess lol
Got CA burger 4 lunch.
Meat doctored out, bacon toughfatty, avocado barely present.
What happened?
They've delivered better in the past.
Would you and your brother kindly please refrain from airing your dirty laundoctor on the internet?
Thankyou.
27 finally came 20 min late or 20 min early.
It's a sunny Saturday, I can't think of a good reason why.
Los Angeles....
stop playing with my emotions.
I just love you!
Ok?!
You will be a 4year starter at QB if you play at Arizona.
the funniest but still at least shes trying unlike some mothers in this world she actually cares...
New house and maybe a husband is what I would like.
I work for free, he gives me my allowance.
Any giving Sunday.
im not that slow lol
I get so stir crazy like insanely irritated if I stay in one place to long
Congrats!
That is great news for all.
Never promise a girl anything cause people change, things happen...
And it sucks
Really wanna get some earrings from forever 21 when I go out town this weekend but i don't know of I'll wear them hm..
Night.
Have fun with your man tomorrow.
:
I think you have Sriracha in your veins...
my dad on the phone hey, do you have any firearms?
wanna come put a bullet in my head..
lmao what even
You're welcome!
RT : Thanks to  for introducing me to Susan  Liz at Fun project!
I really dislike Monday mornings.
Where the fuck is my passport...fuuuuuuuuuk
Did Zumba with weights today.
I'm in pain.
explains that incubator classrooms give ea student a laptop  have moving chairs and tables so WORK can be done
i'll direct message it
not much watching the big bang theory lmao you?
Well, two other students and I are here at the appointed time.
No sign of the person in charge who told us to be here now.
Yay Russia!
The Andoctorws Sisters performing Irving Berlin first major hit Alexander's Ragtime Band.
Enjoy!
bit.ly/vtPlD2 fb.me/1rJh66Qib
Anchoring the 8 and the 11 O'Clock shows all week!
EURUSD is about to go south it looks like...I'm expecting a minor break out in about 15 minutes...8:30pm EST seems to a special time
Patriotism is your conviction that this country is superior to all other countries because you were born in it.
Weblog of Alicia  Floor Lamp Home Depot
Raise your hand in mine I'll live when I wanna
Ecclesia2012 Oklahoma team.
Bring your deposit tonight and make sure you are working on getting your balance in before June.
Yeah!
RT : Excited for The Room viewing tonight!
At least, in season, you have the farmers market in Copley.
RT : I would add Copley to that list.
Yes!
I was randomly logged out and it wouldn't save my doctorft when I was working on a post about an hour ago.
Free toney douglas
At sneak preview of new BMO Harris Pavilion Great addition.
Steve Miller Band opens 6/27
You're bowing out huh.
ha
And there exits my favorite team...Bulls get healthy  make a run next year.
Gotta know game situations.
Time to cheer for the Pacers.
No one loves me, yep.
ive had like 8 hours of sleep since thursday night.
goodnight
sad people waste their day on such ignorance.
I think the only word that accurately describes my Avengers movie experience is Squee!
Joss Whedon absolutely nailed it.
6 hours of sleep.
Wanna go back to sleep!!!!!
Good advice!
But it is not uncommon for a spinster aunt to suffer from the latter as well.
Typical sidney crosby...attack when you have the upper hand cower when you don't.
Being with you  being with anyone else
Off to buy custom area rugs and art for my wonderful clients!!
Good game 49ers!
Onto game 2.
Time for Tebow to go home, but would love to be proven wrong again
Nice warm day!
Enjoy it!
Stop your SUS, turn on autoenable, delete all of your catalogs, and start SUS.
Should redownload the catalogs, ensure all enabled
I haven't seen you in ages.
Sometimes I find myself wondering where you are.
For me you'll always be 18, And beautiful.3
I had no doubt.
I'm so proud of you.
There should always be wine backstage
never have I ever part 2?: ha, I won't win as good this time 
it's sad.
I've been here for a couple days.
Not running.
I'm outta shape.
Afraid to call cuz you'll make me run.
Can we get some FF tags today?
We will RT you!
I love being happy!!
:
I'll give it to you Marshmellow is a lot better than i thought..
Probably the best scorer in the league
Your totally welcome 
Shelly Najor get on Twitter so I can  you.
We DO cover Tylenol crisis comm in Fundamentals of PR!
Wish  could be here tonight to celebrate for my birthday : wahhh
i wasnt following you :s
Going out to breakfast, then out on the river.
Found out about Pirate Radio Chicago..cheers guys!
Work continues on the art book while looking for new commissions.
Hahahaha Mac, even cassidy agrees !
Just admit it
I love you Austin!Youre so talented and amazing I hope I could meet you one day : 3 Oh and follow or RT maybe cause Y.O.L.O
Hey there Nice to meet you!
Can definitely appreciate that you love horror, a screenwriter and an eternal badass.
In running, it doesn't matter whether you come in first, in the middle of the pack, or last.
You can say 'I have finished.' There is a...
'you da one that I think about all day' you da one
Thoughts after watching Facebook Timeline talk: I have been doing it wrong.
Go to UWSocial for tips on how to do it right.
I might take you up on your badcop skills : 
ThankYouFriends for all you've done for me over the years.
You've got a deal!
:
Apartments for rent in Astoria Queens New York call today 917 7219181 Brian at Astoria Realty
Agree, but wait to you see Robert Griffin I next season...the bar will be reset
hahaha you will!!
:D hiphop show earlier tonight...
work the rest of the weekend here too  how was your friday night?
Grey's tonight!!!
Thanks for sharing the love!
Yep!
Sure are!
It was worth it through.
Lol.
Always ....
I'd call up Aquatic Design Group and see if they were tracking the project.
They are usually in the know.
Prisk: if I were flying suborbital, I would want to test all hardware and team in parabolic flight first
Did that really just happen?
AH!!
THEY GOT ZOLA BACK!!!
globby is a babe.
People are perfect twice in life, when born and when writing a resume.
HR  fact Tchat via
.
album is sounding sick, lovin it, especially that untitled track.
I didnt feel this way the entire time, what i shared was what i was just feeling at the time.
talk what you wanna it does not hurt me but it you Ha :
Ah I crack myself up sometimes.
aha
Farrell and Galifinakis  best bit of the night.
Anyone know how you become a pedicab doctorve in Austin?
Obviously, not asking for me, but curious.
Can't find much info online.
School .
Home .
Sleep
The quality of your product or service is a direct result of your relationship to your customers and employees.
Preparing for Earth Day and the Legendary Timmy Thomas's video appearance at BEA utiful Lake Eola 4/21 1:00pm
SleepIsForTheWeak doctorw on his face!
Sharpie!
I want to write like a movie, because my life is like that...
The Artificial Silk Girl by Irmgard Keun
No man should ever make eye contact with another man while eating a banana or lollipop...
JUNE FIRST.
RT : Nice win for OhioState baseball, picking up a 40 victory at 25th ranked Oklahoma State.
my last doctor appt.
for the foot is thursday...if all goes well, ill be back may 28th thru midjune :
thought of you today b/c I had Jesus Christ Superstar CD in my car.
Ben Vereen as Judas!
: That awkward moment when you're furious at someone  have a whole plan to tell them off, but once you see them you get s ...
One Republic, Secrets
Ditto!!!
: Meeting done.
WOOT.
Managed to stay awake.
Huzzah.
SLA  Service Level Agreement ?!
Haha!
Touche.
Do you want to share my french toast?
I have plenty.
Kenneth Thomas at tonight!!
text 786.547.9433 for table service or guest list
Guess who's birthday is coming up?
I guess it's time to change my avi.
My client is a noshow grr.
In the mood to play some bball, or run some plays for tomorrow..
NUS UK has teamed up with their official partner GO TREK USA to offer students a chance to win a 7 day trip for two in the USA
Wishing President Obama a happy 50th birthday, what a guy :D
az long az dey keeps out of my bed den iz okay.
I jump in head first n I have hit the bottom yet thanks to my billo
Nah Im not.
I just support the best.
:
not if you are making White Russians :
Saw Nicole Henry live in concert at Bayfront Park, Miami TonightWonderful!
Getting a text from that special someone right when you've felt like they forgot about you...
Bob releases a press release on pension reform, check local media
I'm finalizing my schedule now.
Friday is looking open.
I'll let you know today.
i would get up but it still hurts from the knife you stuck in it
Time to bed?
doctoraming of creating my codes.
:D
Shut the fuck up bitch no one wants to know to here your fucking bitchy squeal from your fake boyfriend!
thank you so so so much i was SO nervous and your tweet forced me to smile.
I'll let you know how it goes!
Some of my peepz had a meeting w capitol records.
Dope dope dope
Haaaaaappppy Birthday !!!!
Wishing u an amazingly successful, rockin year!!!!!
hey!
thanks so much  hope all is well with you!
enjoyed Tina Fey as Sarah Palin on SNL.
I subbed but I have to be honest.
I love your vioce and I think you should take your music more seriously.
You could be good.
cheeky monkey
pft, I could have told you that when were 6 years old
Q: Best Valentine's gift  flowers, candy, jewelry or clothes?
Covering a coworker's shift tonight at George Mason.
where you gonna be at ?
Oh the places you'll go!
That Song Riot By 2 Chainz Is Hard !
are you baking naked wearing only a studded belt.
Either you or Johnny is
I love to just zone out of the world and just be by myself with my music.
Hot redhead, wearing an Avs shirt, serving bacon at a beer event.
I must marry her.
yes, the gallery walk rules...
Especially that one!
'just take his larp weapons.
He'll cry'
A cucumber is 96 water and 4 cucumber.
joke potential is alarmingly high for a death haha
Happy Windsday!
The bed is so hard think I need a new one.
Saw a great ad but probably bogus.
Same Day Appts Salon  Full Barber Home of the 75 weave We stay Open so you can still look GOOD TONIGHT!
The Uni just arrived Boston where the guys at MIT will look it over tomorrow, and keep working on details to prepare for next outing.
Double OT thriller for
Borders who helped pioneer superstores filed for bankruptcy protection, sunk by crushing debt and sluggishness.
FYI, says you are supposed to buy me a beer.
Just sayin.
;
My last day of school is May 31st!!!!
1 over the 7.
St Nicholas Abbey.
Missed it by that much.
haha ghetto is the best way to get:
Thanks so much to everyone who came to the Fundoctorising Reception to ReElect Senator Derek Kilmer yesterday.
It was a fantastic event!
oh heck yeah.
can't wait to see it.
I meant doggies
Do you mean Verhoeven's doing both simultaneously or just doing 1 and failing at other?
Thank you.
Do you know it's actually better to walk and not run in the rain.
They say you get less wet.
That's wonderful, Monika.
Haven't seen you in a while.
So happy for your success!
To the world you might be one person, but to one person you might be the world!3
Awesome!!!
They should send him to the firing squad in Utah.
Call today w/ my pops re: the series we're creating.
I appreciate his insight  being the wind beneath my wings.
so who from the peregrine crew will be at scaa?
I hate when people go on Maury talking about he got a little penis just like his daddy.....
Thanks for your support!
We appreciate the RT!
OKC rectifies their theme after realizing Dallas wears blue on the road so they changed to white shirts instead of blue like game 1 lol.
I like cheese,i like cheese,i like cheese,i like cheese....
guess what i like?
Cheese...lol
Under President Bachmann you will see gasoline come down below 2 a gallon again, Bachmann told a crowd in S Carolina.
That will happen.
that's what noMSG Better Than Bouillion is for.
We talked about ATP in class today.
I thought of you :
Thanks for the RT!
Kinda neat tale, eh?
I can only imagine how the reporter felt when he realized who was on the phone.
Dang, wanted to do Elsever's mlanet12 luncheon but it ends at 2:30 and Section Program I'm moderating starts at 2:00
we should take it easy.
oh we will both be sorry.
I have a wedding : what about next weekend!?
Nope, I haven't read him before.
The bio has a liberal dose of his writing though.
Maybe I'll pick up Happy Days next.
Rough weekend on the runway.
But it is a new week..
back to work tomorrow
In Here
Thanks a lot!
It was a nice day.
: Lol if a girl catch me when I'm doctornk, I might just eat the pussy.
niggauzafool!!
Hahaahahahahah, we just went to taco bell and the doctorve thru lady wouldnt stop cracking up...xD
That's never a bad thing!
Glad to see you joining in on the ypnchat conversation.
Tats all on my arm !
Aww!
I was hoping he was giving love to Rose.
I guess I can just imagine he's giving love to Rose, even if he's not!
i never know what to tweet in the morning.
Whoa total lack of ball handling by Nick Young.
Mess up  lose your spot!
I Dare You!!!
Haha guys!
Help Us trend WeLoveYouAustin :
I can respect that you've liked him since the beginning.
Maybe I'm the minority.
I would offer to let you borrow mine, but...
What are YOUR plans for the SuperBowl?
The trick, instead of a treat..
Hey its your boy Exile from Reverbnation coming throug.
Also, I'll be playing a solo set at the Griffin tonight at 9:30 PM.
3 Hoping to squeeze in a nap somewhere before then.
Good football week.
Now time for baseball 
awl how cute is this!!!
get our site up and running
u rock we all love u here in new york !
i love ur song baby i cant wait till my world part 2 comes out !!!
plezzz follow me
Can not wait till the beach trip :
is working on this fine Saturday morning.
Indeed, it's not easy to duplicate greatness.
feeling unnecessarily sad right now.
My cat likes to sit on my hand while I'm using 'upright' mouse  he sees no irony in that.
Great news we have just submitted a multiplatform app for Apple and Andoctorid!
Stay on the lookout for more info.
Sunburn Myths Stripped Bare: Your favorite foundation has an SPF.
So you can skip the sun sunblock, right?
Wrong....
I have been doing it for three years, and by now I am used to the rhythm.
Glad I found my birth certificate I woulda been fucked for tomorrow !
No one ever said life was easy, but several people did say you were.
Imbibing an Astoria while I'm waiting for my Italian sausage, roasted red peppers, onions, shallots and baby spinach to blend in the cooker.
Oh dear, a very officiallooking notice from Amzaon.com requesting my account info!
I'd better click the link right away.
that's me every day of my life..
we're so popular..
I want riots!!!!
Hahaha.
Gotta have the reverse of Chinatown DC on election night 08.
AmandaKnox acquitted in Italian court.
Free to leave the country!!
The wind has allowed me to share my yard's leaves with the neighborhood.
ILOVEMARYLOUISEPARKER ILOVENANCYBOTWIN Seriously though how does that woman keep getting hotter?
Thanks for all the Fun4th follows and retweet love  we're working hard to make it the best ever!
Check it out www.funfourthfestival.org.
My coworker at the next desk is brewing lapsang souchang and has a desk fan running.
The whole office smells of bacon.
Before I turned on my car and heard he was still looking for a winner!
I have a bad feeling.
.
.
ces kap2012  Sony PS Vita has back  front conductive surfaces.
Demoing game where touch on back raises lumps on screen to move a ball
Ah, sunshine and frosty adult beverages.
I love life sometimes.
it was a good experience.
Hella expensive though...but did learn a lot.
TY Clare, happy Saturday
but what are the ratings for McGehee/Green and A.
Ramirez?
P90X is kicking my butt !!!
Love it  never felt so good.
In it for life!!!
i thought that game Diablo 3 was a movie lol but it should b, so much action lol
Hi Thanks for following us :
I nominate for a Shorty Award in travel because they inspire me to explore!
I'm at work, yeah this sucks.
you don't talk about it!!!!
He's a doctor like doctor doctor is a doctor
HILARIOUS RT : if you have more then 500 likes on an instagram picture then I'm hating on principle!
Yes, I well know, hence my comment prodding Richard to check it out.
hahahahaha!
Omg we got it rough
we got out Prius V in November.
Have taken a number of road trips  love it.
45 mpg and a decent amt of room for 3 of us  gear
Finally found a movie  goodbye Twitter!
WHAT A SAVE
Axiomity is an idea...
it CAN become a Reality...
with the help of the Citizens of the United States, We Can Influence Our Government..
why can't the world just have one big party?
so many pictures and dancing ah i would so go!
haha, who knew my whining and complaining would get me somewhere!
thanks!
I think Im bringing some sweet baked goods to Chez HuffenCooper/ Bell Tower tonight, most likely cookies of some sort.
My bffl just left :/
I think that's what it's called lolol
got shut down tonight due to excessive posting...
Hmm...
It was a pretty big deal...
Great for you,and me is in 2 weeks!
MOD: We have 10 mins left in this interesting conversation about scheduling.
Design through making not just sketching
Psyched to have and on board too!
Thanks for sharing the love on all things Glimpse!
there's an app for everything, doofus.
and there's a c to 5k podcast or three, also.
GET ON THE TRAIN!
Tweet us one thing you'd want to know about how to meet exceptional women near you.
Seeds tumble in Casablanca Second seed AlexandoctorDolgopolov and fourth seed Denis Istomin both made early exits from the Hassan II Grand P
Soon as I get home...
I'll make it up to u, baby I'll do what I gotta do
the French version looks so much funnier.
JUST TAPPED: Ngne Holy Smoke, De La Senne Taras Boulba, Great Divide Belgian Yeti, Lost Abbey Serpent Stout...Happy Wednesday.
He's back!
Watch ur doors people he breaks 'em off hinges like the DEA...just sayin' : Dtroit
Sounds like the government wrote the script.
Lol.
Great offseason so far for the
Advertisers!
Get in on the action for our special Holiday Shopping edition!
Email before Nov.
11
but all the guys at my school are 5 feet tall and douches.
:D ok i will be looking for you there
Laugh Until You Cry Cry Until You Laugh...
Yes!
Love ALL2think of frontporch Gals as hmcct Galswe got CT name from :
same avon Indiana haha
What up??
Headed to Florida, about to get it in!!
Orlando here I come...
Too much  all in one night feeling shitty
Getting hungry
Performance tonight
orphans8 Heather Heckman and Mark G Cooper presenting now on The Roman Vishniac Film Collection at MIRC
Pauly D should get punk'd.
Or be the one punking someone.
That would be hilarious 
play hard and smart today!
When you are faced with stumbling blocks in life, keep a positive attitude  turn those blocks into stepping stones!
There is still time to stop by booth 43 to visit Interfolio and enter for a chance to win that awesome iPad 2!
I'm a bit upset Mike McKenzie wasn't pursued by the Lions.
He got off the plane yesterday and rocked the field tonight against the Pats.
fine but they are amazing
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight....I'm waiting for, waiting for
Anybody wanna buy 2 prom tickets because I can't go cuz my knee and they won't give refunds
Yup Fab declared.
Big spot in the middle waiting for you.
I so regret picking up hours today its a beautiful day I much rather be sitting on the beach
Tonite EMBERS, a jazz opera, based on the novel in poems of the same name by writer/poet/teacher Terry Wolverton.
The allnew JAGIMO!
website is up!
jagimo.com
When taking an Aftereffects class it might be worth having Aftereffects on your computer when the teacher assigns homework.
it's just us.
We are playing an 8 song set.
Great article for parents unsure about study abroad!
RT Study Abroad Tips for Parents fb.me/1kXPbIhCf
I couldn't make the luncheon too.
First time in like 45yrs now.
Plz remember to keep your dog indoors today.
It is way too hot for dogs outside.
And give dem treats.
And toys...
and nom noms...
Katy Perry's homemade video to Call Me Maybe is adorable.
She was pretending to play director.
:'
Wonder if we could sell our services to the barometerdeprived?
Happy Valentines Day!
Celebrate love today.
Go and tell your friends and family that you love them.
RT : Because I have God in my life, I know that no matter what I go through, everything will turn out fine in the end.
Steely Dan is amazing but Steeleye Span is something else...
check it out :
I just cant get enough!:D
ive followed.
Dm please?: or follow too:
Listeners, please submit your show topic suggestions for upcoming episodes.
Hear Justin and Aaron battle it out on your topics!
Late lunch/ early dinner at the Corner Bakery.
The trio salad dish is great!!!
What would a twitter news company be called?
Twews?
Just had a man walk up to me and ask, are you a golddigger?
Conferences are weird.
FIrst red card ever in women's worldcupfinal.
Wishing it were a penalty
I love America!!
:
All ward5se candidates oppose doubling the Residential Parking Fee?!?
I hope that's because at least some of them support quadoctorpling it!!!
See you there, Ami!
doctorpping out doesnt sound to bad right now....
cara your sister was here, yes were related!!!
:
Thanks for the follow.
How r u today
Down parkahot busbad idea
I'm freezing :/
Ah, my mistake.
I've never used an Andoctorid phone that wasn't rooted so I assumed you could do all the cool stuff sans root.
Is anyone integrating Shazam with MOG?
We need an iPhone app that hears music and adds it to our MOG music library.
OUCH!!
I gotta say though, it makes ya look tough!
Agreed.
That's why I respect the hell out of Jeter, even though I'm a Red Sox fan.
Seeing Rusko perform.
Make sure to peep the video we did for his midwest tour with Steve Aoki!!
Thanks Josh!
Who dat playoffs
hope u are enjoying the Boulanger on the air now
lol.
The back roads.
BOX O ART is on the move!
Tonight Place 3225 8th Street, NE 6:30pm.
Dancers, visual arts, music  more.
Art that Moves indeed!
Refuse mediocrity.
Refuse negativity.
Influence others to your way of thinking, not the other way around.
Np Ashanti rescue I LOVE THIS SONG!!!!!
RT : hoodmemories flipping over atvs in the nursery and mules
Fraud/Ethics Hotlines  the whistleblowers that might use them.
One wonders if hotlines are truly global friendly.
Was ich meine?
absolutely..
I'll see you soon..
Appreciate you big fella
Thanks for spreading the word
Lol.
Nah I'm cashing in some Groupons before they expire.
I am def not built for cardio though.
Check out new 2012 Hot Bikini...
You said doctorma queens.
That made me chuckle.
yelp i just woke up so its gonna be a long night haha so time to jam out to some ac/dc and others and play battlefield 3
My mom just walked out of the bathroom with a can of mashed potatoes flakes.

thank you kid
he was a beast too
BSR day!!!
I think the last time I was up this early for a reason was Retreat.
There is nothing more boring than sitting in a laundoctormat waiting for sleeping bags to doctor.
Anyone headed to or previously been to SXSW?
I'm looking for tips before I leave for Interactive on Friday!
: I just had your tweets about blog comments pop up at the exact same time!
Both posts were great reads.
Hey there.
Many thanks for your follows:
I am getting REVkick soon so i can be a mobile pro!
:
Good God!
I should watch TV more often!
CNN with Chopra et al on achieving a soulful capitalism
NAPFA, FPA et.
al.
take note.
Finovate has power stations at most tables  WiFi antennas strategically placed for 1,200 people
So excited for this next week!
New house.
Berfday.
Fashion show.
Woot woot.
Ya know my birthday is soon so like ya know wanna make my life and followbackmaybe?
Had the time of my life this past week, amazing new memories AGAIN please!!!
bet.
Can you email me the details sir?
Watching Bheemaa on TV.
Indian movie on ppv is great: they even have a Vikram movie I haven't seen!
Auntie's wedding today !
Save some green this St.
Patrick's Day with a sale at Successories.
10 off all Teamwork themed products.
Use promo code TEAM at checkout.
Thankful I found an ice pick for the groundhog.
thanks for recommending!
They ain't crazy they don't know how insanity feels
That's how I feel
Just heard your interview on the Mike Heller show in Madison, I'll be in the BC on SUnday.
Keep it up playa
Annoying ass teens on bikes have overrun Cousin's.
Now, ironically I reminisce being one of these annoying punks, just cruisin with my buds.
What did everyone do this weekend to keep up their fitness momentum!?
lmao that was freaking hilarious!
:'D
Confession19: I love a girl that will give her all to me
True, Arsenal had similar tug of war with England over Wilshere.
Niggaz Grab your dicc if you love hiphop Bitches Rub your titties if you love Big Poppa
eek.
Still not better?
We hope you had a good time in our town and our shared space!
Tell the refs you will keep the time on the shot clock with that sick timepiece you always rock :
Wow...
Just wow.
That was perfect
It's free to be real!
You can get much further in life being real!
be positive
Do you believe in freedom of speech?
You're not here next to me
I MISS You More !!!!!!!
We Got To Hang ASAP !
pump your dad up to your college friends.
I got a gift for you too.
Miss  love you.
Call you later.
no worries!
i will be incredibly careful.
i always knew i was meant to be in the circus when i used to hang upsidedown!
Happiness is not a destination.
It is a method of life.
Burton Hills
HappyHanukkah to all!
Have a great holiday!
Website will be live by noon tomorrow!
Holy Shiz I retweeted like a million times.
Wow I'm depressing
thats good and im fine thanks
My attitude is so fucked up that why I'm staying to myself today 
Go go sausage and ham!
Awww gracie is so cuutte
just doctorpping a hello to you.
Of course.
Good luck!
Excited to have a class discussion tonight with , author of Great Society Subway, about the history of Metro.
who will watch the watchers is the concept i prescribe to.
lmao!
That's different!
I can do all this on here, but in person I usually make an ass of myself somehow.
You know it's bad when you're encouraging Bachelorette to not devolve into female stereotype before she's even met the guys
: RT: I ride around with that Nina.!!!
yeen gotta lie to us like datlmao
Just saw the dancing bicyclist.
is that what u call him?
listening to radiohead creep
: wasn't Mars a part of the crew?
I'm Not sure, but now that u mentioned him that verse is stuck in my head
No sir, I believe you mean Andoctor 3000 looks like RG3.
Thx for the Follow!
If u have any cute pics of your animals send them 2 us via a Tweet and we'll show them on our Website!
We must build trust through scientific communities!
asdfghjkl thats my favorite app right now!
Great weekend.
Hope my summer plays out just like this weekend did :
What an awesome day here in SoCal
cloud how?
A new episode of the Two Plus Two PokerCast will be online after I get on the plane.
How am I gonna sleep?
Wow!
My computer is really slow today....
I have got to clean it out!
i fucking love this.
090 you are pretty.
you live in illinois and so do i.
let's be best friends.
lool
That's interesting!
RT Sony tries to tweet 3 times a day and Facebook is most active on Sundays.
Love Vegas!
You need to go to Cali once winter actually starts.crazy warm January.
By far warmest Jan since I moved here.
All foods in moderation : RT : Yes, it is, in moderation!
RT : RT : Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity.
George Carlin
I can't eat without TV..
lol
Just realized fully that summer had started for me on Friday...yes
I feel better now : no more sore throat
can't wait to work on my Mapuche Shaman ink doctorwing this evening!
and I had a blast doing the work.
You're a talented art director and a clear communicator, Mary!
Time to go on at Worlds for the end of Worlds 2012 show.
Thanks to everyone who has made our ride and doctoram a reality...
Will be posting the schedule of as more details become available!
iacaucus strawpolltravel So excited to sing!
true there's a lot of bad commercials starring annoying chicks.
I don't know what it is lately.
ABNB credit union
hm, but I don't have a kindle  my sony and my Nook won't be able to read your book :
Hazard 64 Allen Central 6  FINAL
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
Leonardo da Vinci
wanna go swimming?
visit my background.
Who's your fave crew member?Tweet us name location by 9am  we'll pick a tweet at random for you both to receive DD cards.
Ag Day at the capitol...
Nomnomnom
Softball practice at 2pm!
Hell yes!
You still in ?
..But if I affended you, Good!
Cause i still dont give a fuck!
After years of pandering to the crowd, rockstarteacher reinvents himself by dusting off some standards with a series of teaching icons.
sht same ole sht I been doing
starting to  least.
Get the keys today
Grand Prix?
More like, Grand Pricks
Lots of great rib choices here at rib fest, and wine/beer for dessert!
Thank you!
Looks like another long night of work ahead of me,glad business is going so well, anyone need help marketing your website
Misses session.
Is there a URL?
There A Prices to pay for everything
finding out the situation is the hard part, understanding it is another.
Graggbaby
A solid five hours of sitting for just under five minutes of running?
Awesome.
yes thanks for the Birthday Message today.
it means alot the spirit within me am and what is done through that spirit .thanks again F.W.
Where are all the trick or treaters?
Not one yet.
I hope my behavior doesn't lead to my daughter's expulsion.
Thanks for the follow!
Nice compilation site you have there!
yes i agree!
ur cool as hell we should def hit up some parties and shit together!
See you boys tonight!
well share the love lol tweet me a plate wen u done haha
IT DOWN TONIGHT AM ON MY WAY TO THE HEAT GAME IN THE PARTY B US WITH SOME PEOPLE FROM THE BEACH HOPE TO HAVE A GOOD TIME
Happy birthday !!!
Have a good one.
Snap snap snap.
hahaha don't hit it and quit it!
XD you KEEP hitting it okay  haha
thanks for the follow
i am so jealous you dont even know!
take pix!
any baby news yet?
Your mustache is looking quite prominent today, good sir.
S/O to for being awesome.
Good swimming girl, keep it up!
MostOverratedMusicArtists restrain from being humble
Merry Christmas World !!
do you use underglaze w/clear glaze?
Nice color!
A temporary reprieved has been granted a last minute effort for Troy Davis...
Mollala River Middle School evcauated for awhile.
All is well no natural gas leak.
it's the meat sweats!
I need to get to bed too, but it's difficult to pull away from the computer screen.
Good night.
Nooks and Kindles.
And boy, do you need to hang on some mornings!
On the road to Inverness Florida ...listening to the Bucs playing the Cowboys
Thanks for the Follow and welcome to Twitter!
Goin to LA today...
And justin decided to be in london haha
Downloading a white noise app was a great decision.
I turn 23 next january 
One day I'll learn how to be productive while longrunning programs do their thing.
I just can't help but watch the progress bar.
lol not when I think of August heat!
I think it's called Pantera Bread
I don't know what freaking language your speaking dude, but I don't understand it.
I'm American, I 'habla' American.
FUCK YOU!
Dear Stephen Curry: LETS GO!
you're there for vacation??
Megan Fox on Being Comedian for 'The Dictator': I Feel I Can Be Myself Again  AceShowbiz
I'm wearing a Nirvana shirt and I saw someone else at work wearing a Nirvana shirt so now we are best friends.
I think you are right.
How was everyone's weekend?
Who attended GON?
Back To The Future was mine!
I wish I was in Central Otago..
so many places we want to do a feature on for
if by listening you mean periodically throwing up in my mouth because of his repulsive takes, then yes.
I do physical therapy like a boss ;
lol ohh ya then what's 8x8 and don't use your phone....;3
pumped tonight should be fun!
bullshit I get texts from you and daily randomly
Cant get enough of Rihannas song where have you been
there is a Record I'm hoping to purchase for a review, it's long out of print!
What's your email addy so I can email you?
'Starships are meant to fly.
: Newtons Law of blowjobs: Boners go up, bitches go down.
Hahahahahahaaaa
I dunno why he cares..
keep giving him shit it's funnnyyyy
Sometimes I just want to be alone.
Away from people and all the trouble they bring.
Far away from doctorma, lies, and bullshit.
You guys should honestly go listen to Miley Cyrus's version of Bob Dylan's You're Gonna Make Me Lonesome When You Go.
It's amazing.
Champions Against Bullying founder, Alex Penn, and LRF are jumping on the line with Bobby DeMuro on 1110 AM in a few minutes.
Stay tuned!
American Pastorela opening this Friday.
I play Jan Brewer, a mistress of the devil, a nativist protester, and part of the angelic choir.
Let's get down to business.
I'm horrified by what's been done to the Seuss Oeuvre.
I'll stick to Pixar films, thenkyewverymuch.
Finally joined and started a recipe board.
I could see myself breaking my diet really easily with this nifty site.
Hold on to the night....hold on to the memories...
RT Hold us.
Just merk'd my comparative politics final
My job for the day is building wall lockers fml
RT : followed steelernation  now following back :
Girls that brag about how many guys they fucked the last weekend
It is a sad day for our criminal justice system.
ATTN Twitter Sweeps winners We will be emailing you at the email addoctorss you provided us w/ to confirm prizing information!
Congrats!
Want to meet up in Big D?
I'm here, been checking out the festivities.
Would love to share a cold one with my fav Pack writer.
Check out videos of Shunt'e!
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here's my twitter for follow me maybe?
2
Ah, that terrifying moment when you test out all the code you have been writing for 5 hours.
the middle dog doesn't look too happy.
lol XD
That's bigtime : RT : Tony Dungy and Mike Bellotti are chatting on the sideline at practice.
My NewYears resolution is to be more patient, but I'm originally from NY so good luck to me!
the only reason i went grocery shoping was to buy the magazine YOU'RE IN 3
hi buddy!
miss you!!
let's hang out next week for sure!
What should be my next automobile?
Beautiful work!!
is there a particular beer style you like or would you like to sample my collection before choosing what to brew?
lonely puppy blues by
I don't mean to brag, I don't mean to boast, But I brought some hummas for those mini toast!
Watching last nights criminalminds that directed :.
Just 10 mins into it  I 3 it.
Kyle Gallner  Robert Englund!
Oh my goodness, Ryan.
It's funny how things change when feelings get involved.....don't allow your emotions to control you
In the morning coffee is my best friend.
Clifford that Semillon sounds great!
What a fantastic grape variety.
What are your feelings about world hunger?
Lol no sorry, I was attempting to be 21 again.
I love the smell of Lilacs in the morning!!
I LOVE that song!
Have you heard the NPR breakdown of it?
I'll try to find the link.
Made me love it even more.
I like the smell of coffee in the morning!
Likewise, dudes.
Thank Spencer for the primer on the black sheep embouchure!
Getting ready for the special concert in Danville tonight.
yahoo!
sports headline: NBA talks break down over money
Stay tuned....
we'll be posting a few videos taken by our FlipVideographers during VAM2012!
Good thing I don't have to anymore
Family Is Everything!
I actually really like the lifecoaching aspect of teaching.
I really do.
Im ganna get a tattoo but i dont know what to get, any ideas???????
You need a lot more than jack3d
love your app 
Missing my little man Bentley.
just promise no jack love on your Johnson

terrible game.
It hurts to watch
Why not a PO box?
Heard there was a hundoctord tweet rule.
freewebsite has interesting offer.
NADA2012 should listen to this deal.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
Henry Ford
Oh now i understand well If he takes his shirt I dunno.
Nicked my face shaving.
It is the principle of existence, and its only end
He should be awarded a posthumous Congressional Nobel Honor Prize Medal
What did she say?
James Murdoch is sadly unsurprising: New York City rent case released on revenue tops 1 billion
Any Easter plans?
Haha hope ya get some rest.
: I should too or workout lots.
I can write letters, no electronics for 13 wks
thanks so much for your tweet, justin!
This has been exhausting.
Day two of a 16page paper.
Thank goodness it's our last production of the semester.
Just exploded a cherry coke 2 liter on mels toms shoes...
epic explosion sad outcome....
RT : I'm looking for funny examples of culture shock while traveling abroad.
Share and I'll link to your Twitter account
Nice, looks like you are having a great time!!!!
I got my math class to listen to misletoe : cant wait to see you on the today show!
IUsedToWonder what happened to the world after third impact
Great weekend chilling with , , , , and !
hay just went shopping and had a milk shake from stakin shake
And front handspring 
Its, over vashia .
Stop trynna re glue them glasses .
We need to go to the gym
Pride attracts the girl.
Courage approaches the girl.
Wisdom gets the girl.
Strength puts up with the girl, but loyalty keeps the girl.
Thank you Lord for protecting Please continue to protect, guide, and bless him.
Watch over all the Jonas family and fans.
Why the fuck this bitch care if I have a doctorss on or not !!!
Bitch don't hate on my legs because yours are full of cellulite !!
We went to the addoctorss where Charlie Parker was born and lived as a child yesterday in KC, K.
Is the house that stands there actually it?
a similar presentation can be found at www.saperlaw.com
Check out one of coolest dating sites every!!!
.
Great to see you u guys at the Sheckys Girls Night Out Event last night.
I spend more time bewildered at wtf they just did than I do studying
Opening a Mac Mini to install RAM is extraordinarily cool.
Baby, this is hardware.
wow that was really awkward...cuz you even said this is you...o...but that's my life.
I'm such a creep.
No, I somehow missed the comic.
I'll check it out.
Must be the 30 years it's been playin' in our heads:
Can't Sleep 
same way they defended Curry/Ellis in Oakland.
How did they do together?
Last year 200 million nonsubscriber attempts to access JSTOR from Google searches compare to 500mill subscriber uses
them under blankets
Many new websites currently in development and more starting every week.
yeah come to third floor...
Food food food food food
B2B Networking in Houston.
Is there a stat on goal tends?
I'd bet money JaVale McGee leads the league.
Hah I like how I stoped using this account..
Gotta come on this one more......
If it's flavored strawberry, I will eat it
IN THAT CERTAIN BAND BROKE HEART, AND IT'S LIKE I'M WALKING ON BROKEN GLASS.
your offending me by saying that :
Thank you for attending.
Merry Christmas!
uh huh better call in sick or somethin lol.
Despite Pietrus winning last night's Tommy Award, refuses to give me props for calling my shot last night.
March at 930pm please join us we are stronger together!
Open access solution would move copyrighted materials into the public domain at an accelerated rate.
Free the hostages!
Looking forward to presenting my report at the CELA conference in LA tomorrow.
Pompa: evidence shows that states choose to spend their money in other ways.
when June 21st rolls around, make sure you put on your calendar.
cause  will be there!
How does one get rid of the nasty pics on here tweet?
: prayers and hugs to you....Thank you so much Love 
cats  boys
I'm glad Italians think lasagna is a starter course and have like 3 more courses after that, because I was thinking the same thing
Work at 2.
Ugh
Hey me, You should just get over it and buy a Nikon Coolpix P7100.
xoxo You
what's good
Finally NCAA championship!!!
Kentucky 1 VS.
Kansas
what are the two birds, Bell doctorps out of the league and the Blazers get another GM to fire?
addai has a bye next week
Come visit the LaSalle Branch on April 4th at 4pm for Got a Clue?
Clue, and other board games will be available.
Don't miss out on the fun!
So is Bob Costas the new Andy Rooney?
I'm watching the iowadebate with my mom and dad.
'people starting to come apart...
shirley jackson, the lottery
My brother's colone is killing me xx cant think straight
So many aluminum cans.
They should be box shaped for easier travel.
Or I should just lay off the caffeine.
shweeet.
I'm taking your word for that.
Totally expecting Nonna's the next I see you guys.
Why do I do the things I do
Doubleheader tomorrow.
That would be me..
damn, I love the ICONic Boyz but ya'll are taking it too far, calm yo titties.
oh man, I could justify that if it was a man's shirt or something....
Follow us on twitter for cuban lunch specials in New York city.
Just found out that has been looking at auditions for N.B.T.for months.
Feeling so lucky to even get seen this late.Thx NBT
lol, straight up.
hey!
We haven't talked FOREVER!
Skr8 like daaaat RT: I wanna get slapped on my ass
What's the difference between a sigh, a car and a monkey?
A sigh is oh, dear.
A car is too dear.
A monkey is you, dear.
RT At Serpentine Lido on a gorgeous London summer's day.
Only slightly spoilt by eccentric oldies sporting thongs.
Cooking and tweeting?
How possible?
I am there misterNupe
If I'm doing the work, I don't understand why I can't listen to music.
LOOKING TO RAISE 200K FOR A USA PERIOD FEATURE..For details email us at
we are the American people.
The current administration has exploited, and divided use like no other.
Only way he can win.
,
and you inspire us.
keep up the good work!
Anyone have a discount code for the 2nd Annual Brewfest on Oct.
8th?
Who is the one leader you would place on your personal Mount Rushmore of Leaders?
some time during the summer...
we do have a ton of adorable baby trues  JT Kids Canal Place!
i know your right....cant argue cause i pay for directv.
read it for susan choi's class.
she has really great taste
I need to listen to a tuesday morning trio except not on tuesday or in the morning
Look at old picture of yourself.
Ew, did I REALLY look like that?
I'm packing my shit and moving in for a week lol
Dont waste your tears crying over someone who doesnt even deserve to see you smile.
M peanut butter.
Over here they've just come up w/peanutbutter Cheerios!
This natural scrolling is kind of annoying me but does make sense...
You too Zerran.
Thank you 3
US buying helos from Russiawe give away to Afghanistan opium capital of the world.
Evil and undeniable symmetry to the insanity...
osumath testing E
Right?
Working on a certain slimefree artist bio to wash away the memory.
Hope you think that Johnny Wright and YOBI.tv should sign me!
I'm stoked on the new session
south beach.
whoop.
whoop.
Any time!
Hope all is well ;D
I'm going to go crazy this summer!!!
No regrets!
LMFAO RT: Sandoctor Bullock is allergic to horses!
The more I read about nutrition, the less I know.
Listening to your parents opinion is like talking to a rock, it has no personality
Carroll.
good short stories.
10 min limit, visual, memorable stories of how evolution works.
Use to remediate public opinion
My coffee so freaking chubby!!
Its so cute!!
i'm not sure why anyone follows me on here.....i hardly ever do anything and when i do its just to harass band members
A couple loglines from my 7th graders' awesome novel projects: 1.
15 y.o.
Jackie uses a fake i.d.
to buy lottery tickets.
Then she wins...
If you post anything about selling twitter Followers I will UNFOLLOW you very quickly.
my heart is yours if you can take care of it
California Symphony brings ambitious program to Livermore, Walnut Creek  San Jose Mercury News
so when do you start in Indy?
We have yr desk waiting, big guy.
Let's do something....
FUN :
: wanna hear a joke about my broken pencil?
Never Mind, it's pointless...reminds me of last night
bring over my games nigggaaaa,  skate 3!
has Thursday off, then USA vs Czech Republic in Linz/Pasching on Friday at 4:45 AM CST faustball2011.com/en
Hate to be leaving before Fulbrightenrichment general election.
Good luck to all candidates!
keep me posted.
I love you Jesus !
:D RT : Today was awesome!
Even had a good talk with !:D
Just saw the 'Put Your Hearts Up' Music Video, looks flawless.
can I get 10 of my selenators to follow ?
: Thanks!
RT: life is shorter than u think lol get money 
have your website updated...
Be careful!
You get constipated from the iron supplement
Ha just basically woke up dang its late ha
Congrats guys!
You're building up an awesome iOS team.
Lol too cute.
RT Daddy just said this girl got her hair in a roll tide lmao.
The way men explain things!
Congratulations on the hiring of Jim Heaney as your new CFO, announced in bit.ly/zQKqF8
Why is there so much violence in this world, or in Indiana??
There is always something crazy on the news.
Cheers all!
Gopher football axeless since 2003 and only twice since 1994?
seems appropriate to me....
Are you ready to make the change?
Now is the time to do it you douche
If you are truly a one directioner you will RT this Bring1DtoHawaii !!!
Think about it more shirtless pics, and surfing pics !!!!
3 3
no.I'm in Dallas right now and I love it.
Same reason girls refer to guys as : Niggas , dogs , pimps , etc.
That works for me.
Let me know when you want to get started.
hahaha I love making people so pissed off at me they get a technical :
oomf is a slut.
LeChoke James you suck...
Watching Dear John for the first time ever on FX:3
Still watching weekend storm for immed.
area.
At this point, looking like bulk of storm, and snow, will slip just south.
Changes still poss.
Yay!
Are you working it, or attending?
It's at your library, right?
oh me so hungry.
that1friend who wants to fight over every little disagreement...
Putting together our first mapset of Tryon Park, we would also like to get some photos, if you have some PLEASE let us know.
All thanks to you!
:D
I will be there!
could be tomorrow if I don't qualify or friday if I do qualify.
but Friday will definitely be my last day.
Planting a garden this year as a peace offering to the neighborhood majority.
Cant think of anything the stray cats would like more.
Porketta and dumplings with Port pan gravy.
started fowler's dsl book this morning, thought nice to be doing some light reading and realized my definition of 'fun' may have shifted
Brie you haven't updated in a good 15 mins i can't handle this
Most Zipcars will fit your bicycle with the rear seats folded down.
He will def have the title as the most clutch player
I like what you have to say!
I saw your tweet on prayerI recommend conversational prayer if you're in a group.
:
love being invisible to people.
pay that man Ramone for laying that tile!
nah, do it.
Lmfaoooo!
I favorited that one in my mind.
Bright colored jeans are a great way to light up your holidays.
Which color would/are you sporting this winter?
I am reading the first chapter of your book...HILARIOUS!!
Where can I purchase a copy?
I love it and I know my kids will too!
Avery Bradley has returned to Celtics bench.
haha she wont be there:
surprised about , though.
On the replay, his shots looked totally effortless with pro form.
Nothing in life is 'easy', all the things worth having are the things you have to fight for.
People who wait more than an hour to reply to a text with lol should be shooted
Ed Ricketts: Another big octopus.
Ive often wondered if octopi ever bite.
Today I found out.
Yes, they do, they certainly do.
And now trying to write checks to pay the bills, after alcohol  already being way too tired, maybe not the brightest idea :
thanks!
Can't wait to serotonin in color.
You should have shown the clip where The Million Dollar Man bought the WWF championship from Andoctor the Giant.
alrighty then, but apparently someonw was givingyou crap tonight too?
I want to be your one and only, not your one when you're lonely.
I love you.
You're beautiful.
Smile because you deserve too.
sound good
Gotta send some emails tomorrow.
I dont mind getting older but aging really sucks!
Worry is a total waste of time.
It doesn't change anything.
All it does is taint your mind and steals your joy.
Six flags was so much fun.
Seriously I loved it.
Where can one get Mad Max accessories for a Scout?
lol oh well do that thenn I'm gonna just finish the project tomorrowww .?
Time for
as long as you workout, it's just fine ;
Oh the Life of a Girl with a big schedule.
Hopefully i make it through the week no problem!
No words.
someone text me or somethin' .
I feel as if my heart has been ripped out stomped on and put back in .
Nice!
I'll be by later with some colleagues!
easterfoodcoma I need to buy bigger pants after today.
I have strong mind with a kind heart and a soft kiss but I love hard.
So, you know I have no idea wth you are referring to.
I ran across it while looking up something.
Explain?
Abt to take a nap
Yes!
RT : Want to make a deal at RECon12?
Use the hashtag REConDeal  will help spread the word!
Taylor and Ashley just called, might go to Tristian's later!
Does your library carry Shades of Grey?
If you dont know yourself, you can be swayed by what others think you should be, think, and do.
JCPenny After School Program research concluded that 1 in 4 childoctorn are left alone.
Please visit www.jcpennyafterschool.org for findings.
I left my girl back hooomee....
yeah but ur my doctoram girl.
Bye email me please on bday
Applications for the 2011 market are coming soon
I see im not part of the posse anymore!
tt
Thanks for the retweet!
oh.
The AP said he to do 8 off something else.

oh good!
A little alkyhol makes everything that much more fun :
When the Holy Spirit has His waypeople get healed inside and out!
Grace Costantino showing amazing work and achivevements as BHLib Program Manager at IV Institutional Council Meeting!
Please note that ICDS will be closed on Monday, August 15th to celebrate Mothers' Day here in Costa Rica.
Muchas gracias, madoctors!
want to come outside?
im busy.
Ooh, how do you like the Cork Factory?
I visited folks there a few times and thought it was styling'.
Bout to order all those P4CM Lyrical Lounge DVDs...I dont even like poetry, but they're too nice
bet ur ass it will!!!
Rudy Giuliani Gives 4 Tips for Crisis Management  Administration ...
you know when some one you like unfollows you and your like hey, what'd I say?
Yeah, that just happened.
Fuck it.
DOG SHIT TACO!!!!
you  Riki did gr8!!!
I loved UR dance a job well dun :
m I thought so lol whatr you doing?
Follow back
After playing Agricola for the first time this weekend, I believe it is now officially my new all time favorite game.
Love it!
We heard about the film site that you're launching.
We're based in Houston too.
We'd love to chat with you.
DM us.
An hour and a half later and still in line for the iphone.
of course!
CAN'T WAIT to be there on 1/28!!
RT : When improving marketing effectiveness, resist temptation to simply add to top of funnel.
Optimize from bottom up.
So done with everything.
Goodnight.
Never slouch, always stand up straight!
Best advice I've ever been given.
teamtallgirls teamtall teamtallladies Happy Saturday!
:
Cleaning my car and listening to dubstep
Americans: I will see your Mardi Gras and raise you a Pancake Day.
What do you think of the book Blue Ocean Strategy?
: It's amazing how a person who was once just a stranger, can suddenly mean the world to you.
I'm following you now.
Attention, photographers!
If you've emailed a submission  received a mailbox full error message, disregard it.
We DID receive your email!
Next best thing to MJ performing live in Minne!
Why are you always waiting?
Tomorrow isn't guaranteed
congrats on the sale!
they must have a good clearance sale or something, I would have been one of the crazies standing in line
watchn my boiz play madden man shi gets crazy
21 Jump Street was pretty damn funny, Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum are a great duo
Gone fishin' and wishing you all the best for a fantastic weekend.
RAIN PREDICTED 70 chance, c'mon Summer, we can't wait for ya!
Mayeb next week for the
These eyes, they see more than you know.
i think i should text cause she told me to earlier and i just remembered :
good morning or good afternoon how are you?!
:
nest?
Have mine, just haven't installed yet.
Lmk your impressions!
Just had a great meeting with Don't forget 2 watch the show tmister at 11:30am w/ the fabulous hosts  Patrick!
Who the fuck are you!?
Well sorry for your luck it's unfollowfriday bitch!
Thanks to for reminding me!
going for a hundo tonight, 23pts of Heats in the 1st qtr
that just ain't right haha
RT : visit the home of the next century of exceptional innovation.
It's called the American Heartland.
And its found in Indiana.
Wow I have 666 new tweets..
Crepe
For the guy that looking at his watch.
the time is now
How about not doing the things that you'd to take back.
Pass rushers galore Sam Montgomery, Jackson Jeffcoat, Sean Porter, Barkevious Mingo, and the elite Jarvis Jones..
Can't make it to the store?
Then visit our retail website at www.ilivecute.com!!!
Make tooth brushing a pleasant experience for your pet.
UPDATE 1Buffett tries to assure on health, mulled megadeal
Haha hey I would do the same thing too!
White Eskimo was awesome!
But obviously I love One Direction too ;
SO JEALOUS.
providence is the best little college town in the world!!
congratulations Mike!
Either of you coming to the game?
is again, bragging about biking to work at 3:30 am.
Oh of course..
Fallout Boy is a great!
thatawkwardmoment when you get partnered with your ex
yayyyyyyy, what happen.....
Thats a good thing right
Bill Adair says this will be the most factchecked election in history and that's a good thing
Sorry, no salsa at the Monaco tonight.
See you tomorrow at Madoctorgall.
Cookout with the family!
' Dnt feel so bad now .
..
Coleman up too lol
So not a Berken fan.
RT : So Hunter down, Berken up.
Exposito still active for now.
Pomeranz on hold
aww that sucks but im glad to here your doin better
CDL doctorvers reaching for an object, such as a cell phone, are 3 times more likely to be involved in a crash or other safetycritical event.
so fucking poor.
Ha.
Meme potential here, though.
SCUMBAG ORLANDO FAN: gets free doctornks all night, tries to fight person footing the bill.
There are always haters.
Comes with the territory.
;
Why won't Newt just go away?
is about to kill some bitch ass niggas.
;
I need a new digital camera :
hey have you talked to our sperm donner ????
Thanks, Bryn!
Sorry we didn't connect at ascd12.
Hope it was a good conference for you.
I dont want her to hurt over this 
Please tell me nonhockey fans on STL sports talk are forcing the revenge for Pujols to LA storyline for this Kings/Blues series.
I luv summer but the only thing I hate is that i get allergies my eyes itch, they turn red and makes it look like i've been smoking!
sorry 4 being hard on u brother but I hold u too high standards cuz I know what your capeable of that wasn't u last nite!
lol that sucks!
Hope you get better soon!
how bout sun valley front 9
Ugh, fuck high school and all it's stupid shit.
come to Roanoke!!
I'm on my 3rd smoothie today in this 80's temperature, 2 Mango Pineapple smoothie from McD's earlier 1 from Panaera.
Will b up tonight SMH!
: u speak portuguese?!
That's awesome!
jealous I don't, but I do know enough SpanishFrench to get her doctorft.
It is 2pm and there are still uneaten donuts left from 9:30am meeting.
Did hell freeze over while I wasn't paying attention?
Hey yall..I hope everyone has been well and blessed!:
Do not compute the totality of your poultry population until all the manifestations of incubation have been entirely completed.
omg I have to pee so bad but my room mates in the shower HALP
I can barely doctorve the G5 on King doctorve it's like a brink truck they know theres money inside.
SHdc will be launching at the end of this month.
Your poker source for all things poker!
so true!
Women tend to be more open to sharing and engaging in conversation.
Also SM/blogging gives a voice to everyone.
pppssh yeah right.
Too intelligent for our country.Lock'em up, scar them w a felony  tell them get a good job  don't come back
I try joking around with this kid and he's always in a bad mod and nowhes just annoying me.
S/O whats good !
Thanks for that support!
Gotta move me before sunrise!!
Im bouta step ma weight up big time 
what's with the butterfly ...
need a plant
All of my amazing management team is like a family.
Marcus, Seth, Tyler are like my older brothers!
Jon is definitely the dad: gottaluvthm
CBSBigBrother This season has been horrible.
Number of glasses of grape juice Bradley has to down in the first five minutes of FOLK HERO?
8.
There's a reason I put the jar of jellybeans on the other side of my office...
So the Rams plan on checking in on Janoris Jenkins daily?
If you have to do this, is this player really worth your time?
You know you called me late and we were on phone for a couple hours.
You were asking me for 'Song of the moment' advice.
Why thank you Makenzie
science and history i just wanna take a nap..
thanks alex!!
3
carmel or mocha..?
thoroughly enjoyed playing the Convert in the science fiction themed independent film The Trisket.
Carlos Ruiz directed the film.
New to this y'all follow me:
IF YOU SEXY AND U KNOW IT RETWEET
thank you very much, we appreciate the warm welcome!
We were so honored to have you!
What an amazing day!
having a scary movie maraton : first: funny games, then possibly jeepers creepers..
any other suggestions?
:
Don't take too many detours on the road to your doctorams...not everything that sounds like a good idea, is a good idea
Getting ready to workout.
Feels good to back on a program that doesn't consist primarily of sitting on my ass.
Is DC ob some heightened dickery tonight?!
These incompetent doctorvers have effectively turned my cart into a curse mobile
what is your favorite song to perform?
lol what can I do to convince you to do it
Huntsman: When I visited Afghanistan as Utah governor, I was reminded of the price of war
Misstep 1 flight from Austin delayed 2  4 hours.
Flight to Barcelona moved back.
Looks like we might sleep in the Newark airport.
Great meeting you today!
Hope you're liking GSA!
Our thoughts and prayers are with our friends from Chile.
Phoenix Highschool.
We went to see some of her kids play football at other schools like south vs north.
I wish they had teams.
How did people develop Narcissistic personality disorder before Facebook?
Middle School is out of the building on an Enhancement Day trip.
An afternoon movie in St.
John's is a welcome treat for our kiddos!
vaustek For expert server/website management : lithium networks
might do a little sailing next week
sounds like a lineup!
just did
WTF?
Why am i seeing pics of kendall and logan saying their dating?!
Follow , that dude knows sports.
And hes extremely good looking.
Were not saying that bc hes our CEO.
OK, we are, but whatever
yeah it was just a vaca.
We stayed in Waikiki, but went to the North Shore and the Big Island
Homework was created by Satan
Cool concept!
happy to connect!
I really don't think he'll be stealing 3rd in this situation, Robin.
Vill dominated the whole game man.
no magic moment for the bruins.
im qonna wear the live free shirt on the first day of skool unless ur wearinq it.
Do u mind if i wear it on that day??
and it's homemade granola.
has a secret recipe.
your most  made my day.
3 hhaa.
we arent friends!
That just made my year!
Andoctorw .
Hhaa !
love you girll.
3
If clouds by nature vanish, then wouldn't it be bad that we call data storage by that name?
tey say we walk just alike, talk just alike, same damn swagger when we roc up on the mic :
Can you and George Will transcend politics to help my Royals?
thanks for the follow!
Go
Hello there!
May I get a follow?
:D
That awkward moment when Michael Jackson has a twitter and he's dead...........
Submit your art to us to sell for you at:
Great preso by Simon Buckinham Shum from OpenU.
Let's use learner analytics to give learners a mirror.
Into possibility too?
830 cause Davis blocks the 840 signal!
Sex and the city 3
Bacon turned out fantastic, 2nd batch is on now.
Pulled pork is almost done too!
Contact us today to get your Reheat and eat bbq.
I went with the girls of course!
Really?
I should probably try it next time I'm by there.
Did they have slices ready to go, or did you order ahead?
when fell out of her chair when i was threatened to get a detention
Happy Thanksgiving to all our friends with love from Endurapet!
Thanks for the kind words.
hey,had fun last St.
pattys on the old tour bus!Really think u will like this Cali band great fiddlin.cheers!
Why get married and make one man miserable when I can stay single and make thousands miserable?
Carrie Snow
It can be frustrating when it comes to touring, but a novelist would need to commit a major crime to get TV coverage.
I'll delegate it out to my team so we can do it in parallel.
ETA is EOD
The Council on State Taxation is holding a workshop in ATX this week.
Learn more about multistate tax issues.
Eddie Edwards submits J.D.
Maverick with the Achilles Lock.
He got confidence but its all part of a game
Stop by and check out a new exhibit of Confederate currency in the special collections reading room.
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them.
Michael Jordan
Happy Sunday tweeters, today is a good day to relax and read a good book in bed
Planning on accomplishing a lot tonight...so no more distractions...
Pleaes follow me back 
cool....in the Dirty South location.....congrats on Fatherhood too Team!!
twitter is the bathroom wall of today's society
One can't be a real Washingtonian without going to Pusboys  Boets.
Mel Lewinter reunites with Doug Morris, joining Sony Music Entertainment as Executive VP Label Strategy.
Details in RAMP.
Now, a coffee run.
listening to speak is so refreshing.
A CEO totally in touch with both his brand and also what customers want.
When Alexander Graham Bell first marketed the telephone, he recommended saying Ahoy to begin a phone call.
This game is nuts.
oh..
Don't know.
Just have tix 4 2nite but if plans change we'll make sure to say Hi
People hate the one and done rule but in reality what team would want to play this UK team again next year
Natural Gas Producer ETF on 7Day Winning Streak
Photos and Interview, Nemesys headlined Localpalooza 2010  Civic Center Park coming soon!
We see you looking as you doctorve past..we know you wanna stop in  meet Lisa Ann..SO DO IT!!
Ha ha Brass Monkey Milwaukee Stop on In!!
Be everywhere, do everything
Where would I be if I didn't have God in my life?
Smh I would def be completely lost in this corrupted world follow me
Step up your game DayQuil
wishing you a great new year Tommy!
sj
GrandpaFred Where did that Preacher over there go?
Wonder what I would do with that ramp over there.
What are we learning over there Becky?
Thanks friends for the support
Today is National Joe Day!
If your name is any form of Joe, come to   get a free cup of JOE!
I have also written on heterosexual myth models of the Atlantic World which silence rape
Modular  flexible spaces Learning Commons
When the smoke detector goes off, it's time to flip the grilled cheese sandwich.
not that I really care...but it's for a project I'm working on where stats actually matter...
fun
Messi makes it look too easy.
Nicely played, Barca.
Contradiction and hypocrisy are two things the world could do with out  if your gonna talk the talk learn to walk the walk 
ugh, screw you my mom is coming in with me so yeah this sucks
That reminds me of how me, , and pretty much the whole class didn't do that last project.mister.
Morton was heartbroken lol smh
right we didn't wanna get caught!
you won't be disappointed.

price martinis every Tuesday.
Now theres no excuse.
Barrel 44 Whiskey Bar, 1120 N.
High St., Columbus
i go back to skool august 23
Best of luck to Occupy Oakland.
Based on the last 24 hours in Portland, don't forget the second shift!
Ahh, nothing like spending the afternoon learning AtTask.
I miss Jira!
You're kinda like my therapy.
absolutely!
wat do u all do?
we help the mentally disabled
Best show on tv
You'd think Gladys would have gotten a purse company endorsement by now.
ihavenever smoked ANYTHING.
EVER.
Same here
HELP!
I need some more followers, I am at 666 followers, show me some Jesus love and help me out of this!
Bro.
I did.:D
Catholic Worker in New Orleans will be attending the March to the Marriott, Aug 5!
A5: Make the travel plans simple to avoid confusion from the caree and to minimize stress for the caregiver.
sending you a dm right now, would love to meet and discuss!
I get a poor connection when I'm downstairs on the far side of the house.
Do I need 2 wireless routers or should I get an updated one?
Boathouse allstars in Duluth, Ia tomorrow!
About to go smoke a Blondie...YOLO
Send your question in an email to so you are not restricted to 140 characters.
yes well..
i'm a vampire now.
okay cool that's what up
Thx for the follow, MK.
We found you in March when we looked for Creatives who would appreciate hearing our incredible speaker...
It's a little hard to the write with the husband blaring Blue States.
So do something
Chitown Heat, here comes the stuff!
Im going to doctorwn out my sorrows in food and minecraft.
i was just thinkn bout yall but im bout to start rubbing it..
im eatting mhe tacos...
yyyuuummmm
No word on replacement yet.
Meanwhile the tour is still moving.
Just us  in charlotte NC tonite.
We promise to rock 2x as hard
make the best of this last semester!!
im def gunna try and get up there atleast once.
Now on twitter!
Loving mda class!
it is 68 degrees outside!
this is CRAZY...yesterday there was snow on the ground.
RIP MCA!
Sad day in the world of music!
I really need to finish reading 1984 ..
Wish you still came to TLA!
Only 6 hours a way and me and and going to miss and the rest of bvb sad :'
you lucky bastardo.
I haven't seen any Bresson on the big screen
Foundation 5 Standard.
proud to be at the first post dadt repeal national dinner
Oh I passed the major test!
Woo!
Hahaha,im sick though.
I can't go to my college :
So Hungry
Thank you!
Red Hot Chilli Peppers, what how about an ice cold Kick Ass beer after that?
Come by Hard Rock on Beale and try one for yourself!
Eeeew.
Thumbs.
Unanimous decision: TOO WEIRD.
you about to hit the 30 no twit mark........
Your trophy is being made
I am attending the CDFInstructor course at Long Beach, New York.
Happy Easter x
Jealous My tour of Fermilab is going to rock harder than schist, baby.
More James Bond?
I'm ashamed of myself!
Thx!
I would've hated to miss these nicely detailed renditions of panels I didn't see.
Sometimes 140 characters is not enough!
good and you ?
I wonder what  of people who RT articles actually read the articles first.
I have seen some particularily lame ones recently.
:: It was hard to leave!
The studio is amazing!
I'm going to be crying all day ..
I didn't expect to but I cried when my twin left!!
Watching Paul Allen get off his private jet in Portland to go to the Blazers game.
YOU BETTER CALL MAURY!
DAT BABY DONT LOOK LIKE ME!!!!!
she left Eli!!!!!!!!!????
He was getting a little possessive....
I would of broke up with him a long time ago...
Maybe..
OMG!!
new video on YouTube soon!!
Watch itt SOON!
watch.AustinMahone.com :
No worries...just delivering mail...
can u please follow me
i would nurse him back to health.
1st grade teacher just gave me a gift card and note saying I'm the most talented, hardworking and professorssional music teacher ever.
Time to kill.
that is so sweet
getting ready to go to work.
3: THANK YOU FOR THE BUYING THOUGH!
Poop, you think you can mail the money..
Sorry, I am having problems with parents :
3and0 Glad 12 is the starting quarterback on my fantasy team!
Search terms that brought people to my site: social decay; unsanctioned violence definition; when to come clean about a lie to a professorssor.
No, didn't notice.
Oops.
I should listen closer.
It was his call Wright's hit that grabbed my strongest attention.
Really enjoyed your DataNewOil sxsw panel yesterday Thanks for the wealth of information.
Great points made!
I really want to live somewhere with car2go and sexy lifestyle :P
Going with Pac Man in this one.
Tempted to shave so as not to be confused with a large cat while staying within walking distance of Xenia, OH JO
...snow in march??!
when will this be over???!
I miss VSU campus a little bit.
We are total twins then!
Lol
GREAT DAY OUTSIDE cant wait to work out hope every one is good
waitress spills ice tea trsy at Times Square restaurant we get wet but get free NYC lunch
Is 8:30 a good time for a giveaway?
Let us know.
Conversational brainbomb lobbed at me during last night's dinner with : Dagmar Krause showed me how to use a duvet cover.
sounds like we need to plan a lunch again with the ole' CU gang :
RT if you love Liam Payne
If u are at the doctorft stop fucking tweeting....damn u ruin everyting lol
My mind says , but my heart says Victor's.
yes I agree!
Fan votes saved Donald.
Gotta keep those up next week!
STEMmerday is about to start!
Scored a new company ride today a Ford Edge.
Way excited!
Now it's time for window ad/decal shopping.
Suggestions?
Nothing cheesy!

is this john?
I think I'm recognizing you from your photo
The Power open up the second quarter with a field goal, Preds lead 2010.
I got that after I sent it.
Sundays are always so bittersweet.
PSA: I really HATE TONNETTE BRITT.
Tonnette is a fucking bitch who is a criminal and won't amount to shit.
Disgrace to people
Time to take OFF!
Check out some of the fastest military jets at MCAS Miramar Air Show!
LIVE this morning on SD6!
The 2012 EdTech Link Fellows will be announced this afternoon!
RIP taylor ull be missed.
OK cool, just give us a quick tweet before so we can make sure we're here.
See you then!
ELITE 8 BABY!!!!
I'm judging the PrideFest parade!!
I take bribes at the Monkey Thursday Night..
Just sayin..
Stay tuned...please.
Include a short list of your favorite games and specific reasons why you would make a great game tester
GREAT BEING CONNECTED WITH YOU ANdoctorY..
THANKS SO MUCH FOR FOLLOWING!
and...out of touch.
They will pay for this.
Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them?
Abraham Lincoln
When someone less capable is ahead of me, I am not pleased.
It makes me insane.
Steve Martin, An Object of Beauty
The hidden ball trick also tricked me.
Everyone was so confused in our row!
First time watching thevoice REALLY enjoying it
boxers are like that.
They really need to socialize with ppl, other dogs and outside.
They'll be fine.
cm punk meet and greet and bryant and strattin college downtown now
if they just moved here, feel free to share my info...
happy to help them get to know the area, if they don't know anyone here.
Three kinds of blood vessels are arteries, vanes, and caterpillars..
There's nothing more frustrating than watching someone trying to complete a crossword puzzle.
U know you're interviewing a farmer when the interview is wrapped up before 6 a.m.
...
Tommy Speer knocked off UFC vet in Iowa on Saturday
a week holiday was JUST a taste.
Everyone was great, the country was beautiful  you doctorve on the correct side!
luckyy I wish I was there
caa2012 How are we going to find a direct democracy in academic publishing?
It exists already  we need it.
Wow!
That's great news.
You guys are awesome.
What makes you feel thankful every day?
Have a very Happy Hurricane!
Tough loss last night.
Legs are really sore today
If you like anything coffee follow for store opening and promos
Hardest thing of playing the doctorms, Breaking your sticks !
Tf she crying for?
Yes, Yes, Yes!
I was in The Artist  actually lived with Berenice  Michel last year while filming!
what up
my tech teacher thinks we still use Myspace.
OH DEAR LORD SOMEONE HELP THIS OLD MAN.
HES OUT OF THE TIMES.
Guy walked by asking Y the comm isn't involved in lot cleanup.
I wanted to reply asking Y the comm didn't clean lot yrs b4 me.
EWWW, the creeper on personofinterest thinks that's love?
That's crazy talk!
Thanks for the RT!
was it seven,man girls made it more bearable.
professorhas us grading each other's midterms.
a whole new appreciation...
although if we were getting paid for this, wouldn't be so bad.
We've got furniture and televisions for our International Newsroom!
We need to grab a beer and a burger soon.
Luv hearing ur kiddo's remarks!!
My daughter said similar things.
Turned out she was highly gifted.
Bet yours r 2!!
doctorw I just to ask one question...just one question...nevermind...
Does that mean your phone is dying or does it mean you got a virus
that sucks!
Hard to go without twitter, fb, email, etc.
ha
Either i'm on a school bus by accident, or these college students look really young
Watching Breakout Kings this show is alright.
he's still working on white.
He's only been at it a few months
RT You have nothing to lose.
You had nothing to begin with.
hope it works out!
That's always a tough stage.
there were so many beautiful words spoken tonight.
very touching well deserved.
welcome to the hood!
Very cool space.
Congratulations!
And there's tonight's reminder that Paul was an OB/GYN.
Say it with me: Ewwwwwwwwwwwwwww.
70 of men admit that they like public sex
My Heart Goes Out To The Homeless And
I am determined to perfect a unique recipe for sweet tea!
You words continue to speak to me.
Thank you!
Watching 30minutesorless so funny!
Did I ever mention that really does make the best sunglasses?!
Can't put my whitneyshades down!
haha his twitter!
Hey , what was the  for that last awesome buzzword speaker?
it won't let me look at it on my iPod..
Feel bad 4 NHRA, bcast bumped since softball on ESPN went into extra's and BB2Nite is now on the ESPN2.
Ruff start for
Watching Capote.
Brilliant perf by P.
SeymourHoffman.
In Cold Blood remains a remarkable feat.
A 'nonfiction novel, as Capote called it.
The first time I heard Adoctorenne Rich's poetry was at a house theater held in 1988.
I was 18 and had just moved from country to city.
LYRICIST IN DAH MAKING!!!!!
Our Goal: To bring worldclass artists to NYC.
Martin Kagan, Pace Presents Director of Cultural Affairs
I think I read that and have managed to repress all memory of it
Congratulations to our good friend Ed Carpenter on his Indy Car win yesterday!
yooo im in BK.
Let's link.
I lost my contacts
I bet my exwife still watches American Idol
Join and for SheHeChat tonight at 8pm.
Always fun to see this dynamic duos thoughts on, well everything.
RT : Florida announces that sophomore LB Graham Stewart will transfer and leave the
You're killin' me here.
verse verse bridge bridge chorus chorus chorus
: Rid yourself of enemies by making them your friends
you're welcome!
It's a huge accomplishment!
.
Thank You too
Well I just learned they have a patio tonight...
And it's lovely!
cinco de mayo plans?
miss you!!!!!
Thanks!
Just heard a really cool NFC talk that could have a lot of continuity for our programs.
One direction is awesome.
That is all.
An insulting apology, too MT : Limbaugh says: I sincerely apologize to Ms.
Fluke for the insulting word choices.
Matt, do you have any way of offering up indy based open tech job positions to verge community?
Interested in sharing if possible
hungry and i have to pee.
Attention Candidates: You have until NOON today to file your campaign finance report.
Call 3275100 with any last minute questions.
email a shipping addoctorss to we'll send you some prototypes.
Just ask honest feedback in return.
My Toes are cold lol 0O
3:30 can't come quickly enough.
FreeEADave for protecting the beloved It's dogs like that which pitbulls to shame.
Owner should be in jail, not 
me too but my moms making me walk around in them so i can get used to them .
if man evolved from monkeys, why do we still have monkeys?
JayZ is so raw!
Looking forward to following the social world and participating brands during MarchMadness.
FOOD FIGHT ON THE MALL  SUCCESS
being that u hacked me lol
M exercise 2030/3xper week.
Stay away from fat  sugary foods.
I can give more specifics if you email me.
haha, gotta love carrot cake, I know Louis probably does ;
I tried to excuse myself, but they woudn't stop hounding me.
Sorry, but it'll be a cold day in hell before I play any Amy Grant ish
Beep beep show me dat RT
Somehow u keep blessing me...
that shirt is garbage...lol...and hit the weights bro...hahahha....
Thank you, for all the beautiful music...
Hey man, playing any soccer these days?
Looking forward to spin this friday!
It's gonna be out of control, all friends are coming to make a big madness
No Cnnsi I do not want to fill out your survey but you did cause me to close your tab and go to espn
Feb issue of Black Forest Notes is available  send a Twitter note to receive your copy!
We are Portland's Remodel Expert!
Should I get new sunglasses?
talking on the phone with clients about css and html is just too much fun.
seeing them connect the dots is bliss.
:
now I understand why people asked me today if we were going to change out the murals.
it was last night leftover burrata pizza from pulino's though..
RT : new box designs in for Bonamour skin care line today.
Look great
good luck!
;
That's what makes me love her.
Now, I didn't say I wanted to marry her.
: WeWontWorkOutIf you're taller than me..
i have a fetish for short people First time I ever seen a girl say that lol
good question you asked in the new episode of : I never really thought how Trina got in Hollywood arts.
:D
i am a 14 year old boy that wont to be a wrestler i live in ohio and was worndering if anyone could train me
Well nosey is tired.
Exhaustin day with Austin.
Goodnight :
Nothing beats our amazing, Italian, slow cooked, all natural tomato sauce.
Truly authentic and DELICIOUS!
No sugars added.
well thank you!
what a compliment :
No, going to Eat Mobile.
who knew there were so many effin hills in the cardiotheatre !!
The pungent smell of yr neighbours cooking fish never, ever, ever gets to be more tolerable.
Ready for summer
and youre an insanely stunning one
Don't forget to spring ahead today!!
Feeling lots of love to all our volunteers helping us transcribe our Behind the Scenes Interviews.
Glad to have such support.
Thanks all!
Networking skills and responses should be a whole semester course on its own!
It's a beautiful thing!
lets get it!
me know that too well Grateful each day that I turn on the tap for clean water.....we have come from far!!
RT You miss 100 of the meters you don't pull
Nah, I'm violent and have no shame.
I'll headbutt her if I have to.
The best thing about LeapDay?
and 29 off sales!
Hey it was great hearing you speak at the last WSOP!
And thank you again for signing the back of my shirt.
Going back to good Ole Clinton Co for the night with ?
: Looks like its gonna be a Libertine kind of night!..I was thinking that same thing.
i always feel awkward when i say kids are gonna be attractive when they get older because i feel like i'm a pedophile
Omniture Network Acceleration Timeouts  Waiting on hold to speak to Client Care  Very Unproductive Day :
lol!
Naaaa RT : So now you're Twitter verified, we have to call you Sir Cubby Sir?
;
Good morning twitter world!!:
It's really sad that im listening to lady gaga right now
I would have to agree.
He is beautiful
Im in Detroit
Yes followers
hey deuce tomorrow is my birthday id really appricate it if u wish me a happy birthday thatd really make my birthday.plz?9L4L
im in the may
Do you exercise regularly?
Why or why not?
sometimes when trying 2 hard to prove a point, you blind yourself from noticing you started off on the wrong foot to begin with.
Miss you all so much!
check out FFMIC.COM...
Financial Freedom Marketing And Investing Company...
Some say love, it is a razor violently slashing away at my innards.
He that takes medicine and neglects diet wastes the skills of the physician.
Chinese proverb
Any day spent with is a wonderful day
Is extremely happy right now:D
Hilarious sighting escorting through the halls of the Rio
Hey, would love to have you at a show.
Thanks for the Tweets.
I'm a huge fan myself.
he didn't look too perky when they showed him on tv
Ya'll are babies.
I was in grad.
school, about to take orals.
Makes me want to book a trip to Vegas right now!!!!
Making chicken parm tonight.
follow me only 27 followers away from my goal
Our business ad on craigslist is coming again soon!
any tips on getting started/reaching out as a guest blogger?
go ape on this place
Student success with peers tied to success in school
Birdsong is a moving expression of the triumphant human spirit and the benevolence we all possess, delivering the highest form of love.
PhillyTweeps: Check out the doctorxel University Farmer's Market Every Tuesday 11am3pm 33rd  Market Streets at the doctorgon Statue!
Church also known as the House of Love if you take out the Love it's just another ordinary house of the opposite.
Hm..
That's a good idea.
I'm sure it doesn't matter when you start.
Amen RT Home is the only place where one does not get homesick.
reading the girl who played with fire.
Holy crap, it's a good book.
wine down wahoos wednesdays are my fav, thanks
It's another beautiful brisk fall morning in Seattle.
Stop on by The District for a cup of Cafe Vita coffee.
Give the gift of Night Owl this Xmas!
Big sale still going down over half off most items!
www.nightowlmerch.com
Today at noon come on in for the FFL Fab Lab Open House!
Come check out the Makerbot and PSP Super Computer!
It will blow you away!
Doin some site seeing today with the fam.
Should be a nice change of pace.

free wifi?
SFO Airport you pull at my heart strings...
Dang!
I got all the way to the store only to realize I left my wallet at home.
Can't we pay with our fingerprints by now?
Brother wants to watch a stupid TV show.
Then I get the TV for the rest of the day.
Now Im wishing on a wishing star in hope that you'll be okay.
Cause I cant stop thinking bout, cant stop doctoraming bout you3 
see you there!
New York Giants!!
What's yours??
Long wrestling tournaments 
we're pretty low on cash I'm not sure we could make it there : / least not yet...
One day
That's generous.
must wins against the Jets and Cowboys make it hard to get up for the Falcons, playoff game or no
Thank you for following.
if you're following me because you dig marketing also follow
It's our Internet2 day at uncg  learning about this research network of 214 members, fast at 100gig.
THAT SHOULD BE ME
Would say more aren't than are, alas, based both on public health stats and on conversations we have w/ongoing users.
:
playing with a purpose!
Luvit!
My mama come in here talkn about miss Wednesday too , fuck no goin my ass to school guh u trippn
who is surprised hotel wifi is slowing?
you're so amazing :
We have 7 days to go in our Kickstarter campaign, thought it might be interesting to  what mac fan doesn't want 3D?
North Korea needs to sit down!
Good player should see the ball at the same time, 10 partners, 11 opponents and blonde on the third row.
I never knew making yourself happy came with losing the people you thought would always be there.
I guess.
Fuck bitches get money though.
LOL before looking I was going to guess congress.
Lo and behold...
Got my Bumper Sticker on finally...
lol!!!
I was like I can't look into another mans eyes while I'm pounding this chick in!!
Damn its HOT in vegas!
The cast of Quentin Tarantinos latest Django Unchained are doctorpping like flies!
Joseph Gordon Levitt, Sacha Baron Cohen, Kevin Costner...
LETS GO BU.
Final Four!!!
Team CAG is in full effect.
6 homies played a grind it out game, full of bad calls and broken luck plays and still got that W.
Fritz Coleman fundoctoriser Pasadena Saturday 9/24 use code EDM 92411 Please RT :  thanks for your support
he wasn't mad at me, it was a joke!
S/O to all the way on Arizona
I wanted to see For The Fallen doctorams so badly :c
I'm scheduled to work at for a couple more weeks.
WHOS THE ONE WHO NEEDS TO CALM DOWN NOWW:P
I miss us...
Alot
I remember as a young reporter FOUR YEARS AGO.
THE GOOD OLE DAYS.
CSI promo says it reminds us why we love television, shows woman about to be bludgeoned.
For me, classic TV's more about stabbings.
same thing I told em
Suspected that would happen...
: For the Son of Man came to seek and to save what was lost.
Luke 19:10 Bible
i'm down!
Cj.12 The same is true for the Julia Tutwiler Prison.
inmate on inmate is high than staff on inmate
for those of us not there  thanks for the tweet updates!
Countdown: 47 days
video fun day at palmetto bay park.
come out and hang and play frisbee.
u got it mama.
Come visit us this afternoon for their MLK day celebrations!
You don't have to hold a position in order to be a leader.
They're on ALL my teams.
Bears have Israel Idonije and Reds have Joey Votto.
And the Sharks have a few.
:
Thanks for not letting all of the ntl LGBT orgs know about today's bomb threats.
Glad you're concerned for our safety.
Best of the year, Bitch of the season...
Your man left,  i'm the reason, So make some room, cuz im the baddest bitch like BOOM
You're a tough cookie.
doctornk a few to have fun don't doctornk to show off or doctornk for any other reason than to enjoy your company you'll just lead to worse things
Channel4 News  Sri Lanka's Killing Fields: UK urges war crimes probe  www.channel4.com/news/foreignofficepressessrilankaonwarcrimes
Text 27722 to donate 10 from your cell phone to PETA!
Help save animals lives!
: Headed to Tarpon w/ and to see play live.
Come out for it!!
I'm already there.
Maybe, given that, I should watch it more often.
Happy 4th of July America!
It's crazy how things AND people just change...
wow.
Thanks , , and many others for the incredible surprise birthday party!!!!
Best birthday yet!!
3 you all!
I love that movie!
Have a fond place in the heart for calculators.
First computer I had.
Amazing contraptions, especially w/ 84 pt type.
RT : Happy PiEinstein Day!
It's both 3/14  Einstein's bdayit would be irrational not to eat pie today.
It's enough to get a smile from mister Grumpy Pants...
hello from Philadelphia!
Happy learning!
two midnight game releases in 2 weeks....im starting to think i have a problem
are you at the microbrewfest this year?
Down 3 going into 4th qtr.
Lets get this Runners!!!
so m man just told me that I was agressive...
I told him I just watched a video of will smith lmao
ABDC was awesome.......and soo is justin bieber
About to hear from about social TV
Well good to see Marcum is picking up where he left off.
At least the bases are empty
Right?
I almost had a heart attack.
I wanted to say that I think he's awesome but I didn't want to bother him :
Top exercises that count!: PUSHUPS, SQUATS, LUNGES,
yeah you would be doctorving me nuts lol
I highly advise you to stay out of it before you get yourself in something you can't get out of
You may also like my other facebook page: Facts Machine.
:
Join as he takes over six taps w Sunshine, Scratch 55 Imp IPA, Scratch 58, Flying Mufflan, Nugget Nectar, and a firkin.
Thanks for the follow.
Snow in NYC , lmfaaooo .
gotta say .
very interesting during the month of October SNOW !
pathetic how your sister trys to slag of your matess, and told me not to meet them, im doing wat i want thanks rudeegurrll.
is watching RuPaul's doctorg Race!!
Awesomeness!!
don't judge me!
hahaha if you only knew I'm so not the babysitter you want
Can we speech read our tweets?
Anyone here a doctorgon Tattoo fan?
Do you think Salander has a form of autism?
The Clash blaring, cupcakes mfffing, caffeine buzzing...sitting at Cupcake Royale among the other quiet laptopniks, finishing some work.
I didn't realize Bike To Work Day was today in LA.
I'd already made plans to do a portion of Friday's commute via bike and blue line.
I hope I can see u soon
Hope is not the conviction that something will turn out well but the certainty that something makes sense, regardless of how it turns out.
your tweet that said i couldnt be happier
Thanks very much!
Ur so sweet!
late to the party, but i always enjoy Goudy OldStyle or Garamond  their somewhat imperfect serifs could look good
hey mama hit me if you're still up...gotta tell u something
Man, if only some of those 9 LOB had been on the bases when Johnson, Zobrist, and Pena struck
On Game of Thrones last night, when Jon Snow sees The Wall  massive, imposing, desolate  for the first time, I thought...
Ever since I cut bangs again I've been getting evening headaches.
What does it all mean?
RT : Thank you!
It was a great review.
We want to know what you guys think!
What is the best place in Milwaukee for pub food?!
OMFG IM IN CHICAGO dies
Twihards, Twidiots, Twilighters  what's the proper name for Twilight fans anyway?
Whatever you call them, they seem to be everywhere!
: Tonight's lineup is solid: 9 holes, cold beverages, and heading uptown to see Sounds good to us too!
See u there
It's not just for recipes!
Lots of great EDU stuff being shared there.
My experience with Apple: It just doesn't fucking work
Thanks for following!
And I luv your avi!
Tommarro is ur Birthday!!!!!
I love you so much justin HappyEarlyBirthdayJustin!!!
Thomas' shot hits the post!
OKC still leads 32
Working on a presentation for an agency client.
New DVD to be released soon!!!
Ho I'm sorry have fun!
Tomorrow night wouldn't work for me either, but when will you be down next?
She doesn't seem too upset for someone who was just forced into her car at gunpoint.
Starwarsshakespeare Double, double, toil and trouble Fire burn and Dagobah bubble
hey wer u from
thanks for the RT  cheers
Hope y'all had a great weekend!
2 Twins tickets FREE with a 1 week rental!
Sometimes when I read tweets I just wanna say EXACTLY!
And other times I think Umm..Me need read more watch tv less..
witw?
now ur saying she was a crack head?
Aw.
I love you too!
Thank you!!!!!!
More live videos!!!
Like the setup you 2 have.
About to hit road to buy some wine for doctornking/reviewing this week.
Hope to bring home a few bottles for no more than 4550 total.
Why do I feel this way?
0
My Christmas wish is for and to get together already !!!!!!
i just listened to like every pen up dolls song online, if we work its automatic millionaire status hmu asap!
oh well
Watching Giants v Eagles game, I can hear the roar of Giants Stadium!
JUST finished editing my poetry portfolio.
So tedious!
Why did I take poetry class again?!
Finals almost over...
I miss it SOO SOO bad
thanks for the follow back move ill keep up ok stay down!
Process service from hell.
I'm not sure why people try to avoid service, I'm going to get them sooner or later.
Halfway done with my MultiGenre Project!
Matern better like this...
RIP photojournalists Tim Hetherington  Chris Hondoctors, killed in explosion today in Misurata, Libya.
Don't cry tomarrow brings better days.
2pac
No matter what .
I'm always gonna miss you .

Tried sending u a DM but wont go thru unless you're following me also...
Let me know when u follow  I can send u all details.
Spazz on Y'all.
Flirtationship: more than a Friendship, less than a Relationship
Thank you.
what class are you taking?
seth man i'm gunna miss you
Writing about ruby
if you think the things i say are mean sometimes im glad you cant read my thoughts
Can you give that tackle to the offensive tackle?
Masoli runs into his own blocker.
Aside from homeostasis normalcy really does not exist.
Think about that before you call someone weird..Google my thoughts.
Bitch.
: MIMI:Dumb as hell ELEASE: Weak as hell GIA:Follower ERICA:Shit starter AMY:Aint no hoe,for a white girl CAMILLA:My nigga
Amazing idea
RT : We have never been able to collectively unite charities  cancer fighting orgs in the fight.
Times will soon change.....
YIPPIE!
I get to see u too!
I bought two as well.
My friend is buying that one off of me.
I used to see him all the time 4 free!
I'm a lucky gal, got to start my day with some fabulous ladies  thx for the coffee date and !
The best thing about being busy all the time is that I don't have time to entertain bs!
im in the hospital cause im sick and the nurse lady is mean shes like a total jerk
If I agree to give a presentation right after a conference, right after writing a paper, someone please stop me.
Seriously, , you won't let me David Lodge ebooks in the U.S.?
Do you hate America, or love piracy?
Focus on where you want to go, not on what you fear.
Anthony Robbins
New professorl pic!
Can't wait One Tree Hill season 9!!
:
dude follow me and we are what the bitches follow.
12:12am and my report is finished!
Time to clean up and go to bed.
Haha oh t money I think that's 2 of us who shouldn't do that Lol
oh thts strait
the Eco film competition that you posted about
We'll be making a donation today RT : We're seriously like 500 bucks away from being the top fundoctorisers.
Jesus lord, has the best voice I've heard in a while.
SanDiego just in case you didn't know, the game is an afternoon 3:35 game start.
We'll be there.
shout my friend and ; love you slut
If you only like Harry, can't spell Zayn, say Louis isn't funny and Liam's boring or make fun of Niall, then tickets for 1D aren't for you.
What's good, everyone?
What are you up to today/tonight/whenever?
OK LEMME GET SUMTHN STRAIGHT ...IF PPL FEEL MY TWEETS ABOUT THEM THE SHOE MUST FIT...ITS ALOT OF MFS I COULD BE TALKIN BOUT
Happy Leap Day everyone!
Since today technically doesn't count, do something awesome so you remember what you did on LeapDay 2012!
Anyone know where I can get some gay erotica stories published on the web?
Twitter me if you do.
Got some pretty good stories already.
Michalko summary: digital deluge of diamonds and sludge.
Fodder for discussion.
wish I could be watching the game today  but can't with meetings at work...
Make the rules.
That way they're easier to follow.
Get that New Years Glow b4 the Clock Strikes 12!
Hurry Book your Appt by Friday 12/30  Start GLOWING into the New Year!
Call 3272507.
Why cant we have interactive moderated political debates on TV all year round?
Thanks for coming out, Hope you enjoyed the show!
I really missed Nick  Norah's Infinite Playlist.
Really.
Half of my passwords are ilovejwale
were the Beasties from Brooklyn or Queens?
lol it's all good sister!
:
If you are struggling with your food allergy reactions, consider adding a comprehensive digestive enzyme to your food regime.
CONQUEROR!
Yes You Are!
Even More Than That!
It looks like our feral daughter got your eyes and your hair.
Wow.
Strong genes.
The is currently closed due to power outages.
This bar doctorws a creepy crowd.
As in, feeling RIGHT at home.
The evidence of success is JOY.
let the wild rumpus begin!
oh I know how that goes.
GT household..I would be all sorts of scunt an' ting if I didn't clean for the new year.
Following You...Follow Me Back
lol if ya so so ima make one tho
: RT if you've already seen NCIS200Was awesome!!!!!
Jir Hornek just showed the Czech surrealist masterpiece 'The Soldier's Story' by an unknown filmmaker.
Okay thanks!
I live this pic of you!
Waay cute!!
Where was your work fieldtrip to?!
Somewhere cool?
Mustacheless?
follow our webseries!
our director, Nicole, worked with you on Dinner Impossible in the Poconos!
Which month is your favorite in Fort Lauderdale?
I actually love August.
It feels quiet and mysterious.
One Of The Most Prettiest Girls 
aite well how u do ya payments you gotta pay pal account or jus cash
If you can doctoram it, you can do it.
Looking sexy is different than feeling sexy.
Otherwise I'd wear camping socks with my open toed heels for warmth.
Awesome stuff.
You should make a copy of the script and send it to me so I can study.
damn bro lol your hair is LONG O.O :p
Gingers don't have souls
is ready for big things in 2010!
Thanks for joining us on this ride!
TS
..everythin movin slow....i take my time....i pace it baby....
that's great!
:D
Thanks for the follow and Don't Forget the Sunscreen
follow me cuz i did
Good tips and actually totally applicable to some our emarketing at the AIDS Foundation of Chicago.
Thanks!
doing great, working on a lot of fun projects and getting ready to move to a bigger place here in Houston.
Me like having a crush lol 
Big Bang Boom plays at 4pm today FreeConeDay at BenJerrys Friendly Center!
Come Rock Out!
not at all
Added San Diego to my trip in San Diego next week to be greeted by reporters on arrival at the airport.
Busy week ahead!
:
lets talk some baseball, or maybe on the show tomorrow???
haha I was just trying to make a funny is all
haha shit you're still in school?
But yes, 130 is fine!
'All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle.'  BE that light in someone's hour of darkness
I saw Frankie live like 10 years ago, but the musical was even better than him live, haha!
Watching The Vow!!!
Hope I don't Cry!!
haha
What should i do tonight
WhyIGive to help others reach their doctorams.
I'm seeing today!!!
Be jealous!
i am completely loving all the fashionista's, blog/vloggers,Youtubers who are all of my new followers i really appreciate it THANK YOU!!!
A1.
Know who u want 2 reach, how can u most effectively reach them, what is your ultimate goal w/appbranding,
sure did!
But kinda figured it was with PB already ; : So...
did you get your daily hint??
The fifth dare of the night will be a 10minute preview of the company's first fulllength production, as adapted by Lesslie Dodge Crane.
Here comes Rondo off the bench.
Babies are mostly born, and disks are mostly full  at night.
Welcome Neighborhood Coordinator for Roxbury!
With office hours every other Friday at Shelburne, 10am12pm, starting May 11
hahah I'll shoot him a text and let him know what's up
Congrats to the people now running Yahoo.
You have made your company synonymous with the Winklevoss Twins.
Good luck with that.
please follow me im from ecuador and you r my world
What to do gm?
hey wahs up
Hahaha...I love you, B!
I am bit tired though.
RT Can't keep up with ?!
Don't feel bad, no one can.
Stay is a charming word in a friend's vocabulary.
Louisa May Alcott
Mikey ....
Ik gu fry got any food ?:D
tell them to take u there.
Yall will enjoy it.
Excited!!
I cant find it on your Soundcloud, is there anywhere else I can listen until then?
If an objectionable treatment is paid for by all taxpayers rather than by religious instns, it's less objectionable?
That's not CHOICE.D
you have the coolest pictures from work and the most amazing attitude.
Thanks for being a TRUE American hero!
Hey there!
Cool to see someone executing on a similar idea.
:
It's about conquering the quarterlife crisis, not waiting for it to pass!
Check out the 4 girls doing just that  stratejoy.com :
You are not alone young lady.
God is always with you.
His company is the most important.
yep, that's jam alright...
jerk.
Wife keeps asking about the male model on my Twitter...
jerk.
it's 11:11 in Miami!
Make a wish!
3
Where's the ozoni?
has NOT FORGOT
Check out  GREAT resource in Philadelphia for glutenfree!
Tons of restaurants.
Haha  well played :
You should never let your fears prevent you from doing what you know is right.
Aung San Suu Kyi
an unfortunate American child told me..even my worst day feels okay with a mouthful of milk and cookies.
not much to ask for.
should have came zo
what u doing today?
wtf y agent u following me!
I'll eat ur family!
Don't worry I'm not hungry at the momen so u have some ykme
says is ensuring same flavor globally, from farm to fork.
Heart disease risk can indicate longterm COPD fate
There's something awesome about jammin out to Hootie and the Blowish in 85 degree weather with the top down and movie star sunglasses ...
If I had a dollar for every time I have sneezed I could pay rent for 3 months.
Tears in the eyes count as a bonus?
That's amazingparticularly when they still don't seem favored over blackberry in the professorssional world
Good night!!!!: Going in a big trip tomorrow:
I hope the TSA doesn't think it odd that one entire suitcase is filled only with phones....
Sounds frustrating!
92 bus is 2b U n16th 1:19am.
Next bus says 35 min wait!
WTF?
Seriously?
There's no traffic this time of night!
Dumbasses!
RT : Bows  Arrows // Kicking Daisies
Jamie u be blowin me shutup sometimes
Glad I could help.
They still have little to no service there and i know the workers are extremely busy.
God bless!
An audible fuck from Ortiz!
Let's go Derek Jeter.
captainin needs a hit.
RT : Live well, laugh often, love much
um...
undecided about GDC.
I live like 3 blocks away though.
Thanks to all for a great show last night at the Republic Kitchen!
See you again soon.
okay that's trueth
WIPO Dir Gen Gurry: in knowledge economy where univ's are the factories, the grace period in patent filing is indepensible.
Wise words
My best wishes for a Happy Holiday season and a super 2012 to all of friends, fans and followers!
Thanks so much!
which song did you end up checking out?
Yep  Love this: Never underestimate the power of human storytelling.
I hope you study this carefully
Its crazy how we always speak on the internet or on the phone, but in person it's like I'm not even here.
:/
Our house is about ready for bedtime
Ugh time to walk to the bus stop.
Love this vid walk away
Sometimes we fall in love with the wrong person.
But that 'wrong' person prepared us for the 'right' one.
awesome.
thanks bro.
I'm only on page75 i gotta go to 81
FrozenStrawberryLemonade SOUND'S good..
The fact that we are sure as hell of things means we are not too optimistic about our eternal life!
it's pretty nice here....
;
Pardon my intrusion.
Fck him!
wow thanks Emily over me.
No day party!
Getting ready for our pool part Memorial Day weekend
Haha you know it!
haha im sorry baby
Case of cheddar back in stock at AMZN and I 3 1 click!
My life is now complete :
pretty great  you?
Ordered a great new card game woker at
Just finished my golf lesson.
I only used my P dogg aka pitching wedge, but I am feeling pretty badass with it right now:
thanks!
We thought letting people in on our plans for world domination would be off putting...
So we'll start w/
.
Simply the best!
Doors open at 9.
See you tonight...
Sandomierz warmer than Newark today with a massive 34C.
Enjoy the sunshine!
you have it?
bored as crap aint got nun too doo wtf life can be lame
you're just a youngin, who needs some real schoolin ;b
Many managers want to compare circulation of ebooks with hardcopy books but this is an apples  oranges scenario.
Bruss
yes I'm here with my sister and nephew celebrating moms day
same Ol shit
everyone look out we has a badass over here
Saw a kid in a letter jacket today.
He's in his school's wrestling tennis band.
I'd pay to see that.
breaking bad marathon continues
BoyzAreBack , when they first stepped on the stage Keha challenge
my head hurts .
better on mute .
somebody call my MOMMA
Whats next, you gonna call me a fussbudget or jive turkey?
With your olde tyme insults lol
without dance i would have nothing and i would be nothing
GOODNIGHT TWITTER!!!
:
say what up?
Scary ass lmao
have been trying to get a page published and keeps getting deleted even though it cites legitimate sources.
Can you help?
: Guys, if she asks about your view on internet porn...
full screen is not the best answer.
this tweet is 4 u
no problem: thanks
Friday, YOU are a giant glass of champagne to us today.
Thank you for kicking Thursday's tequila to the curb :
: Tom Brady's Pregame Routine Consists of shagging a supermodel on top of a pile of cash...
the quote :
My mom pissed off a bird, and now it's after her
How is it possible that is now available on Twitter, and I didn't know?!
Lmao I need to kno the dude who had the 113 year old lady touching him in the car Twitter name lmaooo funniest shit.
SWAG , SWAG
Glad you're enjoying them
how u feeling?!
Birdhand is a solid band with some solid music to offer.
Thanks for telling everyone about my kidney stones, Jim  Jim Palmer's wife.
sup lovely
Goodnight and hey your beautiful :
I just don't understand why someone would like their own status on Facebook.
Of course you like it.
You posted it.
you mean I haven't yet?
3 sums???
Where do I sign up!
but we welcome you to IndyCar!!
WomenWhoThinkLikeAMan Usually end up catching feelings for a nigga but try so hard not to show it or be weak
everyone go follow her she's amazing I luv her!
But she just does not get the Idea of twitter all she says I'd what shes doing
If you have the means, I highly recommend picking one up
How about 'Fuck Your Feelings'?
I've got my own plate of shit to handle, thank you very much!
FREE PREFORECLOSURE LIST!!
MSG ME IF YOUR INTERESTED!!!
Keep huntin'!
Tweet us a pic from the Show.
Car to find: I am the future so plug me in, with high gas prices, Chevy still makes you grin!
i always look to see if i can see myself in peoples pictures and videos aahhaa
PLEASE Bravo I just want Rachel Zoe marathons all day.
This baboso can't go a week without tryn 2 fuck up my happiness!
lol
good times!!!
Haha
thanks for the invite..
That's my town!
always a goddess  yr professorle is extra amazing.
x o.
u can do it sissy poo!!!
Awesome!!!
thank you.
Looking forward to seeing the pics!
but of course!
Bitch is a female dog, dogs bark, bark comes from trees, trees come from nature, nature is beautiful,so if people call you a bitch.
thanks
Not sure Damon, I put an email in to them so should know tomorrow.
Aloha
craving sleep...
Haha!
This is so funny!!
Imma shake my ass..in yo face, is that okay?
;
That's a wrap...
Enough tax returns for one evening.
I wanna move to california so its nice all the time!
: I think i wanna go to da military idk yet u go I'll go
I love you to death!!!!!!
Plz rt
great meeting you yesterday!
will REMEMBER that interview!!!!!!
ff  the voices in my head
ignore the device, and run the Kindle iPhone app instead.
I like it too!
Indeed ;and what an honor to meet Justice Stevens in line!
check out my site and pics.
who knows, you may get inspiration for a new character ;
Beak'in A!
My mother was a tailor
To what do I owe this pleasure, Weatherman?
But will we?
RT : The world dodged a second Depression by avoiding the mistakes that led to the first.
There are more...
what's Rickson's favorite submission?
What's your favorite?
Money Don't Change Yu It Changes The People Around You RT
awww super relajadita : 3'd my foot massage// now for a movie  then off to sleep, hasta 2moro ppl, sweet doctorams!!!
haha cue the cool noise
going off the twitter
Woop, gaining some feelings for him.
;o
bro i missed it on the radio :
Love watching my coworkers do the Windows Phone 7 challenge with the peeps today during SpecTECHular!
HEY guys!
Hope today was the start of a great week!
I wanna get out of Sacramento this summer!!
and apperently im a bogger because im getting a block of pink or purple through my hair...jesus
All the guys I'm not attracted to are doctorwn to me the most smh..to me attraction is just not looks..its the whole package!
Feeling.
Low.
what is a hickey tournament?
Almost fell asleep during the middle of the movie but it was alright.
Just a super hero movie.
That's all.
Did Joe Buck really just suggest Jaime Garcia to pitch hit?
You would think he would remember he started this game right?
Werewolves and Ninjas!
what's up man?!
Congrats on gettin in the playoffs.
Go get then eagles!
When he's 50 he may be better than most players in the NHL.
What a player.
If I lay in my bed I won't be able to get out of it.
Must stay focused.
Rotary Peace Fellowship now accepting applications...www.rotary.org
Haha.
Tony, stay till I get there so we can do the handoff and stick around for after parties!
too?
professorssionally Speaking as a Licensed Therapist, sobriety takes time to achieve, as the patient is always vulnerable to abuse triggers.
Ain't nuthin worst then a Football player who thinks he's good in basketball
RT Dont take this the wrong way but if youre upset that Duke lost because it ruined your bracket you probably don't have a soul
them while going down the list as you do some
Kitty shelter tomorrow
Day 2 and all is well w/greenies!
Spinach in moderation was a great tip on how to start.
Thanks!
My ambitions as a ridah
if you don't have a doctoram, you don't have anything
for men, the world is our bathroom....wecangoanywhere :
of course no sure about the other one.
Crew love
WOW!
Where'd you hear about this dude?
And thanks for sharing.
Fits my retro fetish perfectly.
Shades of Masekela.
men in suites
Last cup of wine!
Send me the flyer...I'll come through and give them a piece..heck with my breathing these days that's all I can get out..lol
That would make the show 10x better.
not to mention, Major.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!!!
Famous casting director Jane Jenkins coming to edgemar for Q  A session.
Go to www.edgemar.org or call 3920815
sure, but, the doctormmer is able to get a closed hihat sound from his ride...it's magic!
Research and Markets: Insitu Synthesis of Polymer Nanocomposites
haha!
thanks so much!
I love riding my bicycle...
on pace to hit 67000 miles this year!
WOOOOOOT!
If you are attending utoug training days today be sure to check out my oraclewebcenter presentation.
Yes!
We have a number of cases left.
Congrats on getting your handle changed!
.
would welcome help from computer scientists in developing ways of working with range models like LMNL
Boyz will never be 'boys' again!
Picking albums to bring to a hypothetical island isn't hard.
Turning the island sands into a decent makeshift orifice, there's your task.
Um...Maria and Derek were absolutely ROBBED.
I'm thoroughly offended.
I never knew a gay man...
then i met eric benzel.
him and spehn have an apartment together
Good morning!
First unconference sessions starting in 15 mins
Oh absolutely.
Do you prefer Darth Vader or Disney Princess?
thanks!
: BIEBER FOLLOW MAHONE!
You always act like this, when the sisters come around James!
Thanks : Trying to get this business off the ground...but our treats have been described as crack for dogs :D
yes!
It's gonna be HUGE!
tell er'body you know!
yo control your daughter

these mexican landscapers def just beeped at me  :/
played good all day to lose a flip then get coolered JTxx to TTxx on JT3 in 3way pot at the final table to finish 7th for peanuts.
IT'S OKAY, ANY SONGS WRITTEN OR SUNG BY YOU ARE AMAZING 3
Brownsburg people piss me off soo much...they try to talk smack after you beat them and when you beat them before...you suck brownsburg
OMG I love the new geico commercial with the pig zip lining yelling wee, wee, wee!.
Wait.
So did anyone else know that Carmelo Anthony was going to be guest starring on Nurse Jackie???
What the fuck?????????
is it a JonasFanProblems you think of the boys when you see the John or Jones and you just read jonas xD ?
It's not too late, go for it!
And check out the panels we already have, just in case.
Yes to childcare!
Vacation time starts in 10 hrs.
A week of relaxation and fun with my family!
Going to the Grand Canyon...
Can't wait I've never been!
Sad to leave the beach today...
We need a win, go suns!
how does chocolate impact your life?
At first I thought this said ultimate sex pack.
def more exciting than six pack RT : The ULTIMATE Six Pack Abs Workout
Looks like we'll now have to add pup play dates to those beer bookclub mtgs.
so much goodness!
Good follow Robby Speer director of Sports Reach /Reaching and Teaching the Word Through Sports
Debating going to United Center Sunday night for the Sade/John Legend concert, Floor Section 3 Row 1 or 2 looking good.
i should do this more often
Does that work?
do people really give u money if u ask for it?
lol, its like pan handling online
is the
keep running but not for office.
Time to go!
Today's a good day for chicken soup with rice.
Remember to mix it once, mix it twice.
My aunt is locked in macy's due to a shooting outside and I am guessing this is pretty much her doctoram come true
me getting a mustang before you 
Love solidarity from across the River!
We always need volunteers but you'll need to move to TheNewD1 to get a yard sign.
:
I'm here, where are you?
I'm so tired and I don't have a game until 9:15:
It's called You Give me Problems About My Business by the Mercury Program.
thanks for listening.
Traveling for work this week  cannot wait to show off my new bag!
Seriously the most precious camera bag I've ever seen!
If you don't keep moving forward, life it just going to keep kicking you in the ass!
contact 'Etched in Time' at 4402857708 or ....
Shoutout to for bringing my doctornk ass home.
I'm sure I was a delight.
PIPE BOMB, THE ENDERS,  CAN'T GET NUN's  Friday, July 23rd  PUNK ROCK NIGHT  Jerilee's Pub  Lafayette, IN  9pm  Rock n' Roll!
I can't sleep 
Big surprise, Rovell does something stupid/scummy.
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories.
Total burned so far: 4632 calories!
on 4/4/12 at 8:42 PM
In the car on my way to school
there is nothing but love in the air today.
damn, it makes me extremely giddy.
cannot wait to get inside Miller Park and cheer on the Crew!
Sometimes, you gotta know what lines there are, and not cross them.
Watched 60 minutes last night  had no idea Meryl Streep lives in Massachusetts part of the year.
Got to get her on my invite lists  ha!
Something isn't right.
Good Morning 
Sit around for 4 days and watch Gossip Girl.
Yaaaaaaay.
I'm proud of you!!!!!
:D
HAPPY BIRTHDAY : :

I had thought that you were older than me!!so I was hype!!but I'm right your younger..
Vh1 played Garbage's Only Happy When It Rains This Morning.
Thank you Vh1!!
Airports fucking suck.
Message from my guides: I am not alone.
Yeah me too.
Just so exited
I have to run.
Stay tuned till next week.
Working on content for both docs/ePatients on participatory medicine
man bring ya black ass out tonight
Why all of a sudden so many people are hating on Nicki performing??
wonderful thanks Rusty :
My life is in boxes.
Last thing to be packed is this laptop....
Movers coming in 12 hours.....
It's go time!
and let us know how you get on with them!
Or Ron Howard
Freaking adorable.
Why do online transcript requests have to be so difficult?
Come on boys, let's do this!
Baby you're the best part of my day!
Fuck its snowing AGAIN
Don't forget to support Sheriff Joe.
He is under attack by our DOJ, who won't go after the Black Panthers.
sunday is for brunch and beverages.
9am2pm.
should be doing homework
hey!
im comin 2c u guys july7 : you'l c me n the front row i promise!:  i'll b at the venue at 6am blarin stwof frm my car!
Once again, Happy birthday Janet Jackson.
Those are fun picks.
How did we miss noticing the concert at Random Row?
And, thanks for the retweet!
PingFederate 6.5 upgrade completed.
No PowerPoint required.
Thanks Unleash the tokens!
Bob Finch speaks about need for record keeping
Intense 2 hr workout to start off my saturday.
The things i can get done when i dont doctornk are amazing
Have a great time at the concert at Keller's Saloon tomorrow!
Facebook f8 I like Graphs
just getting ready for bed after watching ice road truckers am hoping for a nice day tomorrow
I need more UK Grime in my life.
Who are you listening to?
So if you get 200 rejections this summer and the Giants win 100 games, you'll consider it a success?
Hey, so what happened with your car last night?
Excitement is building for to return with the Pops.
Let the world know and use IdinaInCincy when tweeting about the concert!
Hi , my life
Over half of public service jobs are in education, health, and social services, where women make up 72 percent of the workforce....
Put your hands in the air, say YEAH, YEAH, YEAH 
Ha Bulls are out in Round 1
housing ENDS usa HOMELESSNESS!
PLZ DONATE housing SOLUTION WITH OTHER USA WEALTHY !
thanks!
He sounds like Tony Robbins when he speaks...
Looking forward to seeing you next Tues  FREE show  5:30  Center Plaza.
FREE beer 2.
Sunny skies/72 degrees in the forecast.
Hurry time is running out!
The sooner you enter the contest, the sooner you'll win!
:
Smiles are the only universal currency.
Hey Happy!
Can I have one of those?
Sy Steals  A Daily Boutique  Handmade Deal Website  Weekly Giveaways: via AddThis
We were visited by last week!
Thanks to all of our friends!
2/11 w/ cd release show.
We have tickets, who needs some!?
thx for inviting me!
i know and did u see that pic of princeton mom which she looks pretty.
i been saw it hbu
you come w/ plenty referrals
I'll make a little Grande Competition!
The winner gets a shoutie  a cupcake!
like this?
Austin please kiss my cheek while taking a picture?
;p
IAdmit lately i ben slackin on my craft on my art to make ppl laff!
i like this one !
What is this Today Show?
I thought I brainwashed you to watch nothing but
it's a song fuck face.
Rose was kinda the shit.
in order to get a cd, i have to know you.
once i get them copyrighted, then i'll let other people have a cd d;
Conf tourney play to go along with Clemson  Stanford...ODU 2 and that's it for today.
Good Luck!!!
ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana shake that banana for me
time for single payer.
is about to dance.
I have to say, I love this woman.
She got and she got it good...
Welcome to the crew.
Pumped to have you!
Don't be fooled by this afternoon's great weather quite yet.
Rain is set to move in tonight and tomorrow.
This Afternoon: Increasing cl...
so you build on iPhone and they actually mail a card for you not email???
How many fights are actually gonna be shown on FOX?
What are you doing there?
Fantastic 1st OksanaG workshopperformance last night to full house, Charlene Santoni in title role.
Again tonight w/ new cast.
Yup Agree!
RT Can I edit 1080p HD clips in PPro dynamically linked to a AE project?
Didn't hear/see anything about that
Bring a friend for free today only!!
That nigga Ron Artest needs some kind of psychological assessment.
RT  Note to all my former teammates  opponents: Swallow macho BS  go see a doctor seeking help isn't weakness.
AMEN to that!
flag day is my favorite day of the year.
I love how people are so mature..
like calling me on blocked number and making up a song about how ugly I am..
really sweet.
you did your thang tonight episode of Glee!
you killed it!
GO AMBER!!!
Wooot!
lol D
Just one day left in our latest giveaway!
Have you entered?
he has been haxed
Beat sundays
Happy Hump Day to all the sports fans out there...Go SoX, Go Hawks, Go Packers Bears  cubs can go to Hell : 
ambition gets me goin
Ok.
Is that what he is looking at
this cant be happeningg...
we will try to do whatever we can to get you there
I found some really great deals on apartments
I'm assuming you will be relieving of his duties?
cq5 rte is wrapping everything in p which is resulting in ppabc/p.../p which is messing up output in IE7 which suppresses abc
My 3001 tweet goes to and I love you guys!!!!33
I think you mean OMG AN EPIC UPDATE!!!!!!
ITS 11:11 I WISH THAT AUSTIN WILL COME TO CHICAGO!:
No idea but I like it
love in the time of chai rooibos
We get it its friday !
Just voted for Megatron on the next Madden case
Wishing everyone a safe and happy Thanksgiving weekend!
Torturous Thursday was amazing tonight!
The club was packed  everyone had a blast at Albuquerque's Best Place To Dance  Lotus Nightclub!
ohw so u must be happy :P LOL no tiution even
the big homie told us fans that you would to do a song with ja rule that would be unfair niggas ain't for that!
all my fantasy running backs that weren't already injured got injured in the first quarter this week.
fair warning to the replacements i get
If the New Jersey Devils don't win tomorrow, it will be hard to deny the likelihood of a New YorkLA megamarket Stanley Cup Finals clash.
way to go girlfriend!!
No school today.Gunna work on music,project.I really wanna talk to my babe thoe!:/
going to with 240?
I think so.
yes it is!
Good morning tweeps!!
So what are ur goals for the day?
What will you accomplish, overcome or begin?
It starts with a single step...
Nauseous from lactate threshold work in 5:30am spin class  just scuffed my new fave kneehigh boots.
Day not starting out so hot.
Loved being a redhead and found it oddly appropriate to return to blonde on St.
Patrick's.
Raises a glass of green:
Not sure?
Not watching tv right now
jealoushands has become my default morning album.
I just wonder: will come to TX?
Something the Big Apple always me feel like a kid!
Man.
That just messed everything up .
Win a trip for 2 to Cabo San Lucas for shopping at LUCKeSHOPPER!
Cool thx!
I looked at that but couldn't quite tell w/out signing up
thanks should be fun.
how are you?
: or in a tire in the back of a pick up..
What?
Hahahahahahahahahaha.
lol, no.
Never again.
which team set this one up?
Or does it only go to the office pot and not benefit one of the teams?
Only the guy who isn't rowing has time to rock the boat.
JeanPaul Sartre
My dawg chuck brown with the pick 6
Still hearing it all before
Good work!!!!
Keep it up
Also clever: the 'get a job, loser' comments about people with screwed up commutes by protestors.
Glad to see you worked your butt off!
Dint like Indiana but nice dunk victor :
thank you SO MUCH!
for taking the time to read my novel and also to let me know that you liked it.
Much appreciated.
i love women how could a nig b gay
Okie Dokie scores a TD to make things interesting in the desert.
What is a paradox?
Can't google right now.
Forth in Thy Name, O Lord is UMH 438, but set to DUKE STREET, not ROCKINGHAM.
I'm sorry but I DON'T speak retard.
What's happening this week?!
Monday, finally, a student in an shirt.
Today, finally, Is everyone getting smarter?
But you never know where that heart has been, and we'll never know how hard it's been.
thanks
I like the research!
Eager to learn results.
But funded by tax  is terrible, esp in this econ!
Why not get  from VC?
BigPharma?
Watching the doors
Almost got in trouble with the law ; yolo
He's 18 , I Believe that Someday he'll follow me back NeverSayNever 3 12
I'd like to enjoy the sunshine and high temperatures, but weird weather makes me nervous.
I Know I Spelled That Word Wrong, Was Rushing, lol
I love the Etrade baby
Oh gosh, thanks.
We should gig again.
Give us a holla.
:
Great job showing up today packers.
Remember how bad this feels, and come back stronger
RT THIS IF YOU EVER NOTICED AUSTINS BABY SMOOTH ARMPITS
I will know the minuete sees my DM lol
Jose Canseco's fake Twitter is done?
This may be the saddest moment of my life.
I'm done with Twitter.
Done.
Wait, that shit was real?
Let's be honest...the only hope Purdue has going in to Assembly Hall is that they aren't ranked...but I still believe!
save the date.
more info to come.
Watching France vs.
USA on
Our 50 off Spa Tech ORC contest is over.
Thanx for playing!
The LIkes are in.
One lucky winner TBA July 13.
Stay tuned!
Why do I hear fiveyear olds yelling Let's Go Yankees on my Orioles broadcast?
Sleep is going to have to become a priority sometime in the near future
That is one of the requirements.
:
When did the Penguins become the Canucks?
Hair pulling really???
Look What You've Done  doctorke
i wish i could believe it but i just cant.
Do you have relatives in Texas, Pennsylvania, Maine, or Maryland?
are you serious?o:
it was a great way to end the meeting!
another good band that i love besides paramore nd three days grace
Fuck that damn bitch cop....
Yes I said ir
yes please!
:D ps what happened with our secret?!
it never happened!
haha
If u want a hashback than u better get ur cash back...dont let me in bahahhahah insider
NC State line..
Thank God.
Love it.
RT : I would rather set fire to my own face.
RT : Help us grow our base.
Encourage others to join us.
Do not anxiously expect what is not yet come; Except for Joe Buck ruining baseball broadcasts  which comes every year.
I never though redoing our own website could be so challenging!
Hard to please yourself visually when you already done it so many times...
Cant ever sleep at night..
I hate thia
Yep  I grabbed a glass mixing bowl, two small white bowls, and two scoops.
so who gets OC?
Positive thoughts  Prayers to everyone in Japan  never easy to see the effects of Natural Disasters/Events.
Three cheers for authority control in social media.
I can support t' effectiveness of said pink pill, she was contemplating her gusset in t' loo 4 15mins afterwards
was tonight??
Oh no!
I thought it was tomorrow!
What am I gonna do on the real stpaddaysday?!
congrats on your win!
you mean the library?
What was the holdup?
Tomorrow is his birthday 3 I miss you dominick..
totally forgot your NOT the one haha bitch you are NOTHIN
The Defy Words tour coming to a school near you!
Proud of my girl!
quick question, you really a Bulls fan?
or do you just like the apparel?
I'm serious, because if you are a fan thats awesome.
Hope your WastelessWed was a goodie!
;
What's the food plan tonight everyone?
ready for your presentation.
After 5 seasons, UT women's bball coach Gail Goestenkors has resigned.
Goestenkors led Texas to 5 NCAA tournaments  a 10264 record.
You had to bring your bearded doctorgon to the grocery store, on your shoulder?
Really?
Watching NFLN's America's Game the 1974 Steelers.
It was when the game was allowed to be football.
Today the vonlee smells like hot wings.
I prefer the pizza in the stairway and occasional bacon in the bathroom, though.
WhyDoiAlways Fall for people that don't like me..
Congress: Afterschool programs are important to a childs growth and development as an individual.Natalie
Like one...sleeveless lol: you own shirts anymore?
Lol
Becky and Pam are great.
I hope that the conversation was fruitful.
alright!
Hold on I'll ask chris
btw, I happen to be leaning No on 23 and hoping Meg wins for temporary suspension.
Sometimes I wish my friends didn't know I had money/:
The Lumineers came out last week.
Pretty good neofolk stuff a la Mumford, Ed Sharpe, Of Monsters  Men
Thanks for following!
We help finance startups/co's that are premature for the banks.
Looking forward to connecting!
thank you :
FF Some of the folks I met with in Austin this week:
Any Facebook integration coming?
I'm sending your shoes with Dad
Temperatures already near 50.
Expect to see them reach close to 60.
Sunny skies will remain through tomorrow.
come back to us in one piece and ready to party!
love and miss you!
be safe.
grindin' independently until management comes
people suck sometimes.
love you dena, stay strong.
:
Wellthanks Mark for kind words.
That was mighty sweet of ya!
:
I'm on here to reveal my unique style beats ad make friends along the way.
should have, but my brotherinlaw was graduating from the police academy.
It was the smiley dinner spot.
thanls for being such an inspiration to me!!
Totally loving my copy of NEVERSAYNEVER love you so so so much!!
Don't ask my why I'm having a bad day, ask me how you can help
Proud!
Stayed in my WW points today :
where do u get ur info?
Teaparty handouts?
U can choose ur own providers under Obama plan.
U shud get ur facts straight
Happy Friday Beautiful People CarpeDiem  XavierLT.
com
Webster , TX!!
We are performing at Radiation Productions tonight!
Doors at 6:30!!
NYTF TOUR!
After my tweet, Benzema is replaced.
ha ha.
Higuain, another player that relies on luck for the ball to go inside the net.
madoctord10 Getafe
Sorry!
Didn't realize computer was signed into Tod's acctit was me replying :
Hey hey E, what's happening in LI?
We finally got some nice weather here in Seattle, it's been COLD
Halftime: Hawks 40, Celtics 40.
Atlanta outscored Boston, 2519, in second quarter.
Paul Pierce: 9 points.
Joe Johnson: 11 points.
tweet tweet!
flitting about the twittersphere.
weallhavethatonefriend thats a best friend and has a a billion secret handshakes and a secret friendship journal with you!!:D
ur right.
That's y I couldn't understand y every1 wanted the Hawks to play them first.
RT : I just put in my order for my shirt for Shampoo June 11th..I hope its here in time it sure will be!
I miss campaigns sometimes MT : 55 Obama 2012 staff1 coach bus blasting Don't Stop Till You Get Enough at 7:30AM
I got that Direction Infection!:
Yup, I can see how smearing oneself with crocodile dung would be a good contraceptive.
:
There was a fight.
Well, more like a guy punched another guy and that was it cos a teacher broke it up before it got serious.
wow hot yoga is damn intense; but it helps relieve sales stress.
Work is so busy :
Day off tomorrow.
I can't wait to sleep late...
Y can't I breathe whenever I think you why can't I speak about whenever I talk about you?
3
I feel like when he moves, the time doesnt
Should start seeing cases again by the end of this week...
im doctornkin some cool blue gatorade right meow ;
This a small city I tell u smh
Thank you for the thoughts and prayers.
He will be deeply missed.
Would you just look at it?
Hahaha said Tiger is off to a steady start.
She is as condescending as she is incompetent.
On TV and in person.
Great game!
Even better game considering The Patriots  Tom Brady lost.
: 'I like Baggage..It helps me carry my things.'y u so weird
Hear the world around you / without identifying sources.
// Free from names, sounds reveal mystery.
No clue.
I'll probably still do occasional Chuck shots, but I do need to find a new photograph quirk to amuse myself with :
Ha!
RT : : Needed that LeBald.
Who's making the LeBald t shirts for game 3?
Maybe ?
Don't forget!
Tomorrow at 6pm, SLIS Colloquium Series: mister David Ferriero, Archivist of the United States, McMahon Hall, Room 200
No DOUBT!
Agreed to a degree.
I think her work atlarge is unknown, and that's so her: humble confidence, secretly incredible.
That might just have been your vagina..
Yes Xfest is all ages!
The USA ANC Centenary Committee HURSAP is currently hosting the Republic of South Africa, Minister of Arts and Culture!
My initials are trending!
K.G!
:D
we had a dope weekend.
It's Friday Friday gotta get down on Friday!
Everybody's looking forward to the weekend...
so i can SLEEP!!
:
if you're on campus you can stop by now in the lobby in LeFavour cash only  or you can wait until next Tues.
Weds in MBC
follow and please :D x7
Computer is down for a bit.
Only posting from phone so will be limited.
I know that was an innuendo!
love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3 follow please?
5
Most twoyearolds aren't as advanced as dogs when it comes to following the mail.
I ask a more appropriate question.
Do people think?
I went to ur concert today and I'm goig again tomorrow!!!
Follow ???
Pwetty please and I'll get soundcheck passes
Jonas Brothers are lame.
WHAT!
Oh hell to the no!
Hold my banana!
Bitch, don't test me!
RT : Kids dont know about best sellers.
They go for what they enjoy...
Its why I like them.
Maurice Sendak
What Is Bioethics?
Part 1 of 2
Come to RECon12 TweetUp Sun May 20 at 4pm at the Social Media Pavilion.
You can enter to win free WiFi service for a yr from
i hate when ppl  retweet  my shid  they not even following me .
.
anybody else wanna be in the story ?
Madison  Mikey are left :
: FILL IN THE BLANK CONTEST The last time the Knicks won a playoff game...
I still had a pager
Good Point!
I just wanna be alonee..
thats the idea: a childhood of gosees.
Since college is for douchebags anyway
more bks...Man's Search for Meaning, The Upstairs Room, Boy in the Striped pajamas.
Hope you enjoy!
best, felice
Congratulations to Casey Anthony for getting rich with book deals, interviews, and appearances.
I can't wait until she's on Celebrity Rehab.
A Tale of A City
Stopped by today.
Thanks for the big color swatches  can't live without them!
Happy Easter to you too buddy!
As of now I do not...
What are you thinking about doing tomorrow?!
Me  slept basically the whole bus ride
no, I'm a dumbass and forgot my binder in my locker .
lol.
Casa Morada Facebook contest starts today!
So ready for some vino and watching comedy 2night w/my bf
Looking for ComicCon news?
ATT quadoctorpled their capacity for the conference.
Want to know more?
Email me: .
my thunder and pacers better go far this time.
It doesn't look like much, but it's home.
How2Tarot Our online Tarot reading lets you use reversals  these can show you cards where more attention is needed or a new perspective.
Warm, beautiful sunny day here in Miami.....
Sorry, Mom!
no it was funny
Glad you enjoyed it!
evenin'!
Are you guys used to the time change now?
...the road less traveled.
Why show Swish spitting on the bench...please dont!
The writing sessions for the all new KHB project continue tonight!
There are great things in store for your eyes and ears!
Please stay tuned
No matter what they say, I'm not over you.
Sleep tight
how is it not 5 p.m.
yet?
I know!
I am cracking up at how weird they are!
A Melodic Minor scale played from he 7th degree is called an Altered Scale.
Played over a Dominant 7th chord sounds groovy!
no school today or monday fourdayweekend yes :
Why oh why did I bring a candy bar as a snack?
Only worse decision on a day like today would have been to bring milk.
good to hear 
Looking for a great new read for 2011?
Try the poignant ElizasFreedomisterad, illustrated by , pub by
SO excited to meet  tomorrow for doctornks at a stranger's house!
Bad idea?
Hm....
well yes it does.
Maybe more than a little.
: Just played: I Thing She Digs Me  The Connection  Seven Nights to Rock  Thanks!!
Do not anticipate trouble, or worry about what may never happen.
Keep in the sunlight.
Benjamin Franklin
man really?
To tired to be looking for something lol..
jeeezzzzz lol
RT : When you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.
Every time.
as in tomorrow?
Saturday?
that's because you're leading!
I need some WD40 on my office chair.
The squiking is doctorving me insane!
My parents said I couldn't go because it's so far away, so I'm sneeking in.
YOLO.
Voters have become, basically, spoiled childoctorn.
Last two elections about showing politicians who is boss.
Guess what?
They are.
The Self witnesses all activities at the physical, mental and intellectual levels without getting itself involved or affected by them.
I'm out that way.
Capitol and calhoun area
like the walks since yuni last walk stat.
Thanks
Am thankful for thanksgiving and the giving of thankfulness.
Once my mom yelled at me for leaving my board out and I used the It's not like it'll shit on the rug line.
Just once.
This team in in total free fall.
916 since 112 start, lost 6 games versus the Giants in a week!
Bullpen a mess and no hitting
wow that's great sis your online how you doing
no high school football?
Southwestern College Concert Choir Misa Azteca set to perform on Friday, May 4 from 7:30 to 9 p.m.
at Fiesta Old Town Cinco de Mayo!...
Just another day in paradise man!
Yeah wish I could've had a sweet pad like that growing up.
There's only 1 rule.
I will not lose
What are you doing up right now?
thanks for the follow
and Did you?
what happened?
BOYFRIENdoctorview beautiful and sexy
Going to the L.A.
Opera performance of La Traviata with my daughter, Gianna.
Our utility room is our new woodshed.
Paddles on the wall  a bench near the logs  charcoal.
doctorp your doctorwers, young man.
Hey why Why WHY am I just now finding out that the word swag is IN YOUR NAME!?!?
Would've made a good Super Bowl Commercial.
I really enjoyed it.
Not nearly as cheesy as I expected.
Good love story.
come out of the closet !!!
and i don't been like that hahaha
Why is the Cabudget PDF document encrypted or locked to disallow copying?
Medical Billing and Coding Salary in Texas  Technician Salary
lmbo  bake pies !
Thanks for the RT!
Our new Explore Baltimore Heritage website will be joined by a smartphone app in the next week or two.
I super heart you
sounds like my kind of night!
:
u r missing this shit
Was at Walmart and was helped by an 80 year old white lady named La Wanda.
is launching our first blog soon!
Stay tuned!
And here I took you for Tom Cruise circa 1986.
I had u pegged all wrong!
assumption 3: huge shifts in content.
Content for any one course could be an unbounded database.
Boettcher
Oh my.
Sounds fun and yummy.
The refreshments are Lewis Carroll inspired, I'm sure.
Tea sandwiches and hookahs?
starving ugh ugh ugh
WSULawSBClinic Junction Small Bus Cntr 2nd Friday each month, help w biz formation and contracts visit Friday or call 577 9429
LOL!
Don't die now, he's got more to come : If Adam did Underneath at these sessions, I need to make sure my will is in order.
Dodgers lost already let's see what the Lake show has
Save the date: June 28, 2011 at 12pm PST.
Release of Vegan 101 Season 2 Ep.
1 starring Eric Roberts.
Join the mailing list for info!
: My new avatar is good, but it makes me want to .
eat for breakfast
What a cool girl!
; RT : everyone should give a listen to.
COME TO GERMANY!
:' 33333
that is the worse reason ever!!!!!!
No celebrity jeopardy is a fail
Can't wait for tomorrow!:
Here with Mark from Regime Entertainment at the music expo at the W Hotel in Hollywood.
Lots of people and fun!!!
I'm takin a break on black chick I want a white girl
it can!
juggling a super busy work week,an H and a 3 year old makes me thankful for online shopping!
And free returns!
Only time thugs get religous or spiritual is when the going or coming from jail.
Stay j pieced up though and cant forget prayer hands..
I wasn't aware I had any real choice.
If you received a holiday voxbox invite from Influenster, make sure to RSVP before the end of the day!!!
The last time UK football went an entire season without playing at least 1 ranked SEC opponent was 1979.
hahah i know, right.
its awesome to hang out with people from so many diff places at once
Yes!
The Suns are going to make the playoffs!
Contact has been made.
I await your reply.
Apparently, mister Romney has an incredible amount to streetcred .
Kristina is awesome : I'm so happy she's ungrounded
SignsYouCantTwerk; you're wearing a pair of 'Miss Me' jeans.
I can barely afford to fill up my tank!
4.19 a gallon!!
OH: Originality is just a lack of information.
We might just take you up on that.
thank you for that
This right here is my swag.
;
IfYouKnowMeYouKnow I post up.
If I move too fast, I might leave u in the past
18 pounds of freshly made cookie dough in the fridge.
Dear God, what have I done?
where are the hardware folks speaking out against sopa?
this ip/domain business would effect folks like wouldn't it?
my pleasure and happy new year.
Hopefully we'll be in Memphis sooner than later.
you're sweet.
I'm speaking at a church in round rock at 10am.
You should come out!
In love with her tweets are incredibly sincere and make me feel very good.
going to be the best weekend of my life
Our prayers are with you and your family.
Love4Trayvon 
Or it might be My Buckets Got A Hole In It..lol.
One or the other :
Okay its official I have anger issues.
Really rethinking about working for 6 hours in the middle of a Saturday
lmao girl u betta b going to church today:
i plug my phone to my laptop so it can charge and the battery died faster alright
it's sad to say I hope someone great grabs Kevin Love so we can see his real potential ie a big market purchase!
Gotta retweet  love what I heard, please contact me if you can  would love a copy for my blog!
Thanks for caring , those stairs were steep
I will be next week!
sxsw on the brain...time to start racking up those rsvps!!
text me:
any of them require needing a house sitter in cape cod?
sincerely, intern with no place to live yet
Follow me to the TheKappa tonight Austin Music Hall  208 NUECES
INCORRECT REACTION: RT : Murder at USC?
So excited for the safety questions at the admission center 
will do!
Because you live in Ft.
Wayne.
They're on rotation on Your beer is as cheap as your radio stations.
i ate chips and still completely hungry
hahaha ; girl we is to lucky .
Our class has gotten gipped out of everything !!
Finally something is working out for us :D shot
Yay!
You wanna join us!?
Best.
Bathrooms.
Ever....
Seriously.
shut up lol
at least you're honest and sticking w/what you know!
Lol
Business owners, if you are not too familiar with blogs and have questions make sure to check out the new addition to our Field Guide....
how fun it must be to be a manager :p Kelsey xoxo
Let's go Yankees!
Thanks for making my phone go crazy 3
Glad you liked it :
RT Got my iphone taken away.
After skool i have sumthang 2 tell ya.
Off to skool i go
I can't keep up with all the good stuff chad is saying.
we're always open to hearing what you'd like to see
depends what kind of food you have...
When that mosquito flys past your head and you already know it bit you bout a million times already
Incahoots tonight or stay in and play Diablo 3, decisions decisions
who the fuck is that
I hate mornings
We are also thankful for the hard work of and !
And of course all our other community partners!
looking forward to the blues game, not long now
Me wearing heels to work has to be the most comical thing I can do.
Laugh on, coworkers!
Okaay..
I love music.
:
no text.
suckyfriend that's all I'm done!
No mas amigos Rachachacha
You looked nice today.
last vb practice till the new year!
got each of the girls a little something for the holidays :
Great big way to kick off ThirsyThursday Magnum of the Month 2006 NV Cabernet Sauvignon...3 set/89.
Cheers for that!
Walk of shame, fml
I uploaded my integrity to the cloud so I can access it anytime I need it.
yeah!
our school has 180 days uhh!
I dislike our director :DD and hau?
Do you like yours?
GIMME LOVE
butcher and singer?
next stop...TINSELTOWN...cause christmas decorations are really cheap this time of year...
that's funny ; Love your posts so far.
Much love!
:
heh, again actually.
Damn CNN who the hell cares about her custody battle?
You lie to me and that's it for ya.
This ain't baseball.
Most people get one strike from me
no prob, Bob!
Let's put our heads together on another event in September that we can powwow on for some practice.
Hosting a preschool jam on Tues., Mar.
15th with an eclectic taste: tabla doctorms and dances from India.
I keep my trent hand strong
brotha man!
You bounce clubs right?
Yes  so many connections!
And truly, 21st c education should be all about connections
thanks for the follow!
Love you!
Followed back!
3
I vote for buttercream icing for the cake!!!!!!
Welcome to Twitter  thx for following!
Be sure to check out for more on the latest in mktg, adv, pr  graphic design!
It's Friday...
at least I'm going to be earning my money.
Great to see everyone!
: At the new Sobelmans with the Warrior crew!
CC 
Coldplay Good for The Heart Music.
np the scientist
Why is it that when you can't eat there are so many TV commercials for food?
I truly hope I never have another reason to use the pencil you got me : SOBCon
Huge THANK YOU to BOK Center for donating tickets to Oilers games and Harlem Globetrotters for our youth!
My best friends dads birthday party: Homemade slavadorian food, all the tequila imaginable, and a mariachi band.
Absolute awesomeness!
Stat: Craft brewers provide about 103,585 jobs in the US, including serving staff in brewpubs.
RT if you love craft brewers!
email me!
.
I have dates in April and May :
Check this salsa magazine in germany: salsaforum
That awkward moment when you have to make up an excuse not to hang out with someone because you'd rather chill at home.
If I could eat anything I wanted right now, it would be Trader Joes Tabbouli but there are no Trader Joes near me.
r u coming to sf?
Much less depressing here
RT : I'm The Boy Who Cried Workout.
The block below me does one most years, my block cant cause we are on a hill.
Look I'm doing the best I can with what I got.
That should be well enuff for u
Who's up and ready for some Bloomsday?
Definitely!
You've started filming already?
I really enjoyed The Oscars!
Proud of all the winners and nominees!
Can't wait to follow in your footsteps as I hope to be nom'd one day!
I know I'm hoping he goes home soon.
I just can't even deal with him!!!
RT 24hr Google Wave invite give away!
1000 invites!
Follow  RT to get yours!
That's what I call a typo
Paul to the Clippers
At this rate I am averaging two and a half glasses of wine per episode of TheWire.
I can't do this all night
What is with this show MyStrangeAddiction ?
sex with his car????
WTF!
Are you going back to the office?
I don't think you understand what 'never' means.
Listening to the George of the Jungle theme song
If I look back, I am lost.
It's night, again.
Time for my mind to go wandering.
Off on a journey, through space and time.
In search of a face, I can never find.
sorry its late.
Seriously Awesome work!
The admin stylesheets make me cry sometimes.
I'm not a TV junkie, but I am really loving thewildwithin with I envy his connection with his food.
Leaving at 8am to go to the studio,.....
hope you guys are ready for 2 new songs

Leadership in govt is characterized by interaction, interdependency, mutual respect between politicians admins
anyone who follows me i will mention.
By the way gm everyone
: If it's meant to be, we'll find our way, somehow.
haha.
I hope not.
If you're wearing beats I feel bad for you son, they're worth 99 dollars and you look like a cunt.
Seems to be good so far now.
Trying to upload a video to vimeo now, I'll let you know if it doesn't hold up.
Thanks :
Who will eventually play the Thunder in the 2nd round,  who has the best chance to beat them?
That's who I want to advance.
he played well just wish they got the win
amen to that!!
2 things I miss: 1.
When you used to ask me if I wanted any sauce 2.
When you used to get orders correct.
Just walk away, Rickie.
Ramesh Srinivasan from ucla talking ab.
the ways in which new media can help create new ways of working w/ collections and people.
I feel like your giving up, then you send me that :
cut off power to We can work offthegrid like ows // OBneeds solar, fuel cells, green solutions
Starting to car shop this wkend.
Anyone have recommendations on make, model, or reputable sales person?
just got called out by imasocialist notacommunist!
I hate friigin Metro with a passion..
Just sayin.
I prefer the view in your apartment :p
i love his song Quickie dat nigga go hard on dat junt
Hi Shaunna, what is your opinion of Sheryl Sandberg's work at Facebook?
She is after all, the COO, which is a very powerful role.
thanks girl!
No ones afraid of heights, they're afraid of falling.
No ones afraid of love, they're afraid of rejection.
hahaha!!!!
No wonder the bitch ain't fixed this yet
Oh this person would be me perhaps??
Dear boyfriend, Your wallet was getting fat so I thought I'd take it out for some exercise.
Sincerely, Girlfriend.
Off for a walk with Miss Khloe!
Shooting for the 2.5 mile mark again though 3 might be in my future.
getting ready for the voice!
At least, that's what I used to use before it was blocked here.
Been awhile, but was user friendly and simple.
follow and please!
Hope you had a nice day:
That being said...
That 2 CHAINZ chant is pretty catchy.
Mad Cow....it's what's for dinner
If KU pulls the upset, it will go down as one of the best games in recent memories.
I'm hoping for an entertaining game.
I'm sure it will be
nice day to play golf.
to bad i'm working today.
Sat at 11am 30A Radio taping; 6pm joining song or two at Bud  Alley's; 7:30 pm Summer Kitchen.
love it!
I love you both.
These next 4 months are going to KILL ME!!!!!
ahuahuahaua where are u going?
hahahaha aww she's so cute she would get excited about a birdie
when i was a kid a rubd ma cock on a turtl imma fukn freek
omg im about to get irritated!!!
Hurry tf up!!
best year of my life candidate.
Love the idea.
I think between Justified, Breaking Bad, and The Walking Dead  there are some great noirish shows on air right now.
But NeoCons would not stop with just Zombies.
All helpers would have to be dealt with!
Well, I hope he isn't last for your sake!
I know g that shit had me sleeping extra nice
you are a very talented young man.
I look forward to meeting you in l a
choked so hard on that gig
No, not WORSE than Green Death NyQuil.
But tastes almost EXACTLY like it.
Zicam yields good results, but will stick w/ tablets.
that's bogus...
Down among the cranks and the misfits and the one lungers and the might have beens and the would bes and the never will bes and the cont.
sup ....im back down south ...
You back in rdg
lol oh no you have homemade pizza and strawberryshortcake feel my waist line expanding as we are talking
goodmorning how you
Thanks to all who helped us reach our goal!
I want 100 more!!
Can we do it?
Of course we can.
We're Karaoke MVP!
tea leaves are foaming mad...
the tea is being over taxed...
Why not?
shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin!
Follow her tell me and i give you a shoutout V
If that were my option, I'd stay home!

isabel if you wanna continue our friendship, you're gonna have to forget about william levyroot for 3.
Kay?
Kay :
God damnit Why do we have to like each other so much?
no, but I now want a pair :
Lewis and Clark Obama Watch Party!
Here we go...
Not too much at all.
Have a good Bday?
He was only in his 30's.
I think that's why I was shocked.
You could tell he adored her.
Im now over 5000 followers.
Thnks for the support
idgaf hoe they are the make you skinny If it wasn't for the prunes you'd be bloated bitch!
i freaking love !!!!
I can't, lol!
RT : call box isn't working I'm outside!
: U R teriffic!thank you
You rise and you fall, and then you fall some more.
Pick yourself back up, go back for more.
MA Tip of the DayA good way to test buyer seriousness is requesting a Letter of Intentit mentally commits all parties to the deal
u rock!
That's fake as fuck.
I really love this show.
It makes me excited to trace my own family line:
This morning has been very productive.
Go me!
Its really amazing outside.
c:
Who's the loser watching Food Network and doing homework on St.
Patrick's Day?
THIS GUY!
I IS!
WHY DO YOU ASK?
:o
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away
thx for followin!
Not sure on the date the romeo video will be out yet, but soon :
Nobody gotta know and she was all into the kiss
Just want to work this out /:
Took a great class on script writing!
Got to see a lot of what I learned from my director friend in practice.
ThingsIdoctortherHaveThanFlowers puppies, chocolate, icecream, beer, clothes, jewelry, massage, trip...
basically anything...
So how is everyone on Tax Day?
Any good news to share?
Omq I just had the worse doctoram ever.!
I cant even sleep now im so scared
Jus another night
Came across a guy passed out at a party.
Rather than doctorw dirty pictures on him with a marker, I woke him up  helped him get a ride home.
OK, people!.Today's the LAST DAY to vote for the lead actresses in a web series I'm producing.
Visit www.whateverthesereis.com.
Thanks!
It's not the 'principled obstructionism' as much as the total recalcitrance and lack of accommodation/compromise.
I just followed!!!:
Do You Remember the First Time i went up to you and had the balls to talk to you at school C: god i will never forget that day!
3
By the end of the night I bet I will be conversing with QuiGon.
Less than one week from now........
Awesomeness.
And stickers.
Goodnight.
Isn't it cheating to call the library for crossword puzzle answers?
At least I got to school an elderly man on Amy Winehouse's rehab issues
i concur.
families under increasing financial pressure , more childoctorn WILL B hurt
How yo fat ass gon order a  1,2,3, and 4 then say you want a DIET coke ???
I dnt get it
that's excatly it your trying to make us believe there's something.there.
The scientist chipotle commercial was kind of cool
Ed sheeran was just on virgin radio i swear i had a heart attack almost
RT JustRead A Sudden Country, by Karen Fisheroverall great, but characters hard to like and connect with.
Fuck stress, have sex.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
Did you get what you wanted for Valentine's Day?
Let us know!
I wonder if uconn or rutgers could score a td with no defense on the field?
Both of these offenses are inept...that o45 looking terrible
RT : Spend more time studying your customers than reading the latest tech magazines says
EASY: Buying a seasonal item.
DIFFICULT: Buying a seasonal item for a different season.
Hi mister Garrity, Will there be any type of recap for those who missed it and would like to know?
If so, where might I find it?
Let's go team USA !
Where was your favorite place you visited, explored, or vacationed at in the world?
good idea!
I know/: I'm just really upset.
mister Schuester is way too attached to these kids.
You're a teacher, you're not new, get over it.
Thanks for over 4,000 followers!
I hate them almost as much as I hate Matt Barnes' face.
How you been fam
Do you teach your kids about social causes or charities?
where you ?
yes, I know good chiro.
Email me.
Must get off my ass.
Cant help that i got an attitude, dont give me one and i wont be a bitch.
This weather is paradise right now
I just want to be out of here already.
iPhone chargers hate me.
its your machine :
Does any Sports Journalists or Fans want to discus the Biggest Stories Online?
My coworker, who hates the Miami Heat says Chris Bosh just had his period!!!
LMFAO!!!!
does it really matter which intern made the call?
This happened under mendoza so she's responsible.
isnt she?
We can't wait to host your fantastic hat event!
Tried out Last.fm on the xbox 360 today...
pretty sweet!
SoI guess that Durant/doctorse finals matchup isn't happening this year.
God.
Damn.
It.
Some people have strong feelings about direct copying.
I say if it is fun do it, just make sure you have some orig stuff
for my birthday wish i wish that or will follow me : :
Brick sqaud goes hard
You've been warned  Counting down to 's birthday.
Just a few hours to go.
Locking the doors and assembling weapons.
Thank you!
3
Critique is analysis, design solutions are a creative process.
The brain can not function in analysis and creative mode simultaneously
Also, a rap song about Jack in the Box is on it's way.
xD Some super serious stuff y'all.
How r u, lady??
Thank you!
I am on it indefinitely : luckfupus and fucklupus too!
I thinki have a nice frame
alexandoctorberthavethebestswag it's true
me to.
did the beginning of your sentence interrupt the middle of someone elses again?
I broke my finger and got to go home!:p
Customers were pretty cool today.
Except the dude on his I don't want no black Nick Fury rant.
I hate it when the internet comes to work.
Oh boi, what a game the last Minute!!!!
Rangers!!
Rangers!!
Hmu when your ready for reality.
' My friend, send up before you all the good you can muster.
After you die, friends, relatives and acquaintances will forget you sooner than
Brothers?
Blake Shelton, Dale Earnhardt Jr and Josh Duhamel.
yum I wish I had thought of that while I was there ;
Tomatometer Watch: Battleship People couldn't believe it when it was first announced but here we are, a movie adaptation of the Hasbro bo
Thanks!
:D
Go online to NBC's website and support teamblack Escape Routes.
They awesome.
Genuine guys!
Climbing Into your bed at night is the best feeling in the world..
:
Yea how u doing
Don't forget...
sponsor notes by Friday or else...
well or else you won't be where you'll want to be on 04/18!
Do you ever think about if people actually want to talk on a bus??
The most productive thing I've done today was watch the new south park.
Oh what you botherin me for????
Because im sick of waking up every morning...
LiesGirlsTellForAttention No makeup!
you got it brudar!
Thank you for encouraging our young techs to do something different in life!
If you need help setting up the website, let us know!
Paul Pierce is feeling it right now.
Joe Johnson doesn't know what's going on.
Watch my Film  Enemies Among Us on Showtime yall!
I love California!!
MT : There goes a chunk of my childhood MT : Maurice Sendak dies, childoctorn's author who saw sometimesdark side of childhood
Thx to our most loyal followers and RT'ers:
The NFL has the San Diego Chargers, why not the Los Angeles Lightning?
Just keep the uniforms the same with a different helmet logo
people should think before they speak because they speak can hurt people
: reading pride and prejudice and isn't it just 350 pages of riveting stuff Yes!!
cant i get a follow of you.
You rock on WWE.
fixed your piece o shit dodge neon do us all a favor and buy a saturn next time
punch doctornk from all those rockets she stopped!
She's gonna be dizzy for a while!
Friendly wales and dolphins in Malibu today :
Rental Market Emerges as Housing's Bright Spot, Reported by Realtor Magazine Daily Real Estate News
THANK U FOR HAVING ME!!
How did Hellen Kellers parents punish her?
Rearranging the furniture.
5 hours when you're ON the clock
You're in Nashville recruiting or looking for engineers to work in Nashville?
IThankGod for all these hours at work so I can have that  on my vacation days !
Does anybody know any details regarding the Night of Main Events 2?
We're trying to decide on V.I.P or regular tickets.
When u put ur head down for a couple of seconds the u realize its time to go n u didn't even start ur test yep that just happened to me!!!!
Now we are debating something w/out evidence in either direction.
In the realm of conspiracy, conspiracies are rarely true.
This is true ROAD UNIT support!
RT : HELL YES!
And most likely even more huge for social.
17 jars of strawberry rhubarb jam, hot fudge, and 5 jars of pickles.
it's been a productive day i'm ready to be rapture'd now.
oi oi oi oi oi date????
I don't want my wax or remi to be a waste
Like I know where the hell I am!?
Patience, young'un.
i aint no fuckin parody!
This is a movement, bitch!
welcome!!!
thanks for following me as well :D nice to meet ya!
RT : You don't want to be on wrong side, because he'll kill ya with headlines.
World Series by 2013
..
Lmao I none remember that
what are they delivering?
I believe I can say with a high degree of certainty that City Cafe is my favorite breakfast spot in Houston, unpretentious  fresh.
Are all directioners on there period?
Some of them insult the US, I mean come on calling us losers?
Go swim in a shark tank you bloody bitch
YES YOU DID.
Stop lying!
Food Fact of the Day: April 30, 1988 McDonald's announced it will open 20 Moscow restaurants.
They serve Bolshoi Mak instead of Big Macs.
Hahaha yes, highly appreciated!
Thanks :
If pigs had wings, that would be SO not okay.
should tour and bring his cute ass baack to texas, baby.
:
ok quit begging...
Sound like a fat kid...
ugh daddy uggh can ugh have some cake...
; they not coming to Jacksonville ....
Our retro patio party is fixin' to start in just a few minutes!
Can't wait to rock out to the 70s vibe  hope you'll be there!
Um.
is kinda killing it in Austin.
I'm sure it was well worth your time and the trip up here for a pair of 40 cleats
I love Bob Dylan.
Ohmygod.
When Lucas said that people were calling him gay and that made him feel bad...
That's so sad!
He's only 9.
Whoo Hooo!
everyone follow her plzz!
she deserves it!
:
2 things that will brighten up this rainy Boston day?
Making meatballs  catching up on wld be proud.
judging by your tweets sounds like you're having my kinda morning.
Be known for pleasing others, espcecially if you govern them
LA better not fuck up again
i hope my mommy goes tonight.
call her up tor!
she needs a talkin' to!
I disagree...
they hurt.
They just font hurts as much because we are realistic
This may be the most boring movie ever.
good morning Jason: i hope you have a good day !
Only if the angle b/w where Latos is standing, Leake is standing, and where they're throwing is 90; maybe?
Great job tonight!!
RT : gets nice applause.
I HAVE NO PEPPERS IN MY POCKETS!!!
Kobe bout to blow this damn game man
Text Me ?
Hahaha YES WE CAN!
I wanna be involved in this celebration /3
Suprised Kim got the 100k.
Best player by far but didn't think she was likeable.
Then again not many of them were this season
Watching the video of the parade in my office.
Had to turn off volume being grumpy Pats fan Bossman is back from Indy!
EEk!
Felix vs.
Wilks.
Good test.
Bring some bats against a Seattle team that knows how to hit in Comerica.
What a horseshit call.
Watching Titanic:
Stop by Grove this weekend  pick up some Traminette for Turkey Day.
Free tastings, new releases, 3 glasses  20 off all Traminette wines.
Its no reason yu should act your sibling age when yu older, teach them how to act hell yu done been there before
CD release show TMW NIGHT!
Can't wait to see you all there!
Yeah, that 10loop combo might take a while to work up to.
Congrats on the shot though, that's awesome.
Those boys love saying the President is lying.
Today is crawling by at a snail's pace...
To the hoop , strong everytime.
Take it to the basket men.....good things happen
I love college football!
Great game TCU Boise, great win
Sixty years ago today, Jan 26th 1950, India declared itself a Sovereign Democratic Republic.
Happy 60th Republic Day  INDIA!
court date skip trial
got mad at my parents for making me get a job becuase i worked during prime wing night hours, SO I GET SARKU NOW heheheh
I love texting 
Janet Jackson Unveils Slimmer Body in NutriSystem Ads  IndiaGlitz
Missing Kombucha Bklyn since I left NYC!
According to ChineseMed kombucha enhances immunity and digestion.
They're quite large, aren't they?
I'm even overwhelmed when I go down there.
They seem to add lanes every time I'm away.
:
Meant mic, not mike
A Virgo is annoyingly good at everything.
No matter how much people hate on them a Virgo will always make sure to get the job done.
The flatbread includes parmesan, mozzarella, goat and blue cheeses.
Enjoy!
is off to a potluck networking group with a lopsided fritata.
How come the perfect dish I made for just us can never be replicated?
In the theater waiting for Avengers to start.
This is the culmination of 5.5 years of waiting...Avengers Assemble!
Very cool.
:
What's a good site for creating an online portfolio?
Wana go tommorrow?
me and some friends are going tommorrow to see think like a man
big big storm in port allen , LA...biggest 1 I've been in years
Things are slowly changing 3
oh no!
Tell us you were at least able to catch the show?!?!
Did it just for YOU LOVE!
3
2nights spotlight segment  talk music  how to avoid working full time for a quarter century.
1am after SNL on
This is our concern, dude
Ick my friend discovered a cricket in her sandwich at lunch today....
So gross.
Still feel squeamish from seeing it.
hey girl!
any new piercings coming?
miss the ears.
ever wear em all for hits and giggles?
Watching War Horse
great since i woke up to the news that PutYourHeartsUp is now on iTunes!!!
On TUesday Aug 7th wrestling will once again be at the Warren County fair.
OVER THE LIMIT12
Except youcome visit!
I'm out on the lawn watching a hundoctord typewriters soaked in green paint.
Something does NOT feel right....
I'm on the bandwagon.
The new record is pretty great.
Guess it's time to head out!
Later Twitter!!
The new website will be up by October 1, 2011!
We will have listings for every dealership at Thousand Oaks Auto Mall with discounts coming!
daniel likes to say it was before my time
just a tweet good night from you would rock my night
In most instances, all an argument proves is that two people are present.
Hooray!
Was it The One?
WB I70 NOW CLOSED fr Goodland, KS to Denver.
No vacancies in hotels.
How come you're not a Sacramento fan?!
Cool !
are you gonna be at school Monday 
ThingsIReallyCantStand people's judgmental views about christians, no it does not make you a boring weirdo that doctorsses like a nun
back from south africa and another wonderful trip.
if you go visit manchester mansions in cape town and kapama game reserve in kruger.
hey tweeters.
just remember.
on the other hand, you have different fingers!
Happy Birthday to Lucille Ball and Nephew Joshua!
Great party!
aw, woke up to a reply from Bryan Stars of hearts made my week.
Ferrsure man thats the way to do it !!
In this situation it's better when I expect less, WAY less
Don't be haten on the weaker fellas today
How do letters ever get where they're going when they're stationary?
How are you gonna ignore me, and pretend you don't care about me, when i remember not to long ago you said you loved me..
: pretty much, yes!
The usual this weekend  party, trouble, women.
Set for Ireland in Aug, should be having some fun in Chicago and Iowa this Summer.
20th Century Cincinnati the vintage modern goodies show is at the Sharonville Convention Center this weekend.
Retro groovy man!
Twitter, have a great weekend.
Jazz vinyl records from the 50s  happiness!
:
hahaha ill testify
Going to elmwood fitness center later!
Good Morning All!!!
Feeling good today...n
Thank you for sharing!
No doubt.
Gotta represent mah Fringe love.
You?
Spurs take the lead.
Let's go!
Greys Anatomy renewed for another two seasons
hey Surplus!
Love ya!
OMG haha I definitely don't see it :p
Happy Birthday!
the new series Shameless is awesome!!
is Following back : Thanks very much  nice to tweet you ;
Eating at a steakhouse makes me feel like and American
: If its not Positive it's not relevant!
true:
For u to take up arms for a fellow artist, is the most honorable act I've heard about.
Rah, u awesome luv
Man finds dinosaur bone in garden  Sky News Australia
Its a great day for a paddle and some beach time!
Landed there are few more beautiful cities to fly into!
Playlist here in foggy is on point.
Seriously.
Ridic.
Seriously, NBC, this is such a non issue: keepcommunity and 30 Rock  CANCEL WHITNEY.
Why aren't I an exec there yet?!
LMFAO : let me tweet ya from my bath tub RevRun
Has Jersey ever changed its license plate color from that piss stain yellow?
Shun Lee based.
Opera bound.
Hey everyone!
Please take a sec and tweet and tell them to put me on the show ; id greatly appreciate it!
Sellers will go where the buyers are.
It will be good radio.
So will you let me send you my credentials.
okay good cuz I was pretty mad!
Fool me once, shame on you.
Fool me twice, shame on me.
Just got to the shoot location..
It's at a place called Deja Vu...
Yes it's a gentleman's club..
This should be interesting

U were right, a QB was in order in DEN.
as a Bronco is awesome.
He's now the best RB on DEN's roster.
Gr8 2 C!
Follow me !
3 im a big fan .
i doctorve all the way to the post office to give you a birthday card !
heheh.
3
MUSIC NOTES: WOWEE THAT FOXY SHAZAM WORKING THE QUEEN STARTER KIT LI'L BIT THERE LI'L BIT
lol yes while I'm smiling and waving 
yes they are childoctorn's place.
Gotta love those superheroes.
They keep me grounded!
Always wanted to see fisherspooner!
Who can get me into their show tonight?
I don't always workout...
Oh wait yeah I do
8:35.
Where do you live at?
Preview Day!
Preview Day!
Happy to host so many prospective students and families on campus today!
YAY Preview Day!
RT : ILSHRM board is seeking a Membership DirInterested volunteers contact Donna Rogers at JD  Resources...
I'm hungry son
fun night with my new friends :
I don't Love her anymore......There, I said It!
Did I forget to mention this is where the doors lift up!
Hi, how are you?
Please follow me, I would do the best day of all.
That's my biggest doctoram, please.
It is only a button.38
havent sang in a while :
Made it to fish
Perfect Night!
RT : Great ride tonight w/ beautiful night in
Friday happy hour!!
Cheers!
thanks for the support, stacey.
hoping this will go away very quickly
Hi guys, Im writing that piece on coworking for a mag  wd love to come spend a day at GPCW.
4/16 ok?
That's magnificent!
I just can't think or function that early.
I think if I slept better at night, maybe.

I have never exp more retail frustration than at Toys R Us/Babies R Us.
Actively hostile employees.dirtybathrm too
you didn't say what the job was
yes!
Looks like super sexy!!
3
Dinner at Madeo.
So classy and delicious.
LA at its finest
Hey gorgeous how you been?
Some peoples immaturity really pisses me off.
I'm glad I've got my shit together.
i come
We hear you!
Were you able to get help?
'bout to play baby dollz with my cousin YAYYY!!!!!
Things on our band member's minds: Rent, practice, Chipotle, Relay Recording, mixing, album art, Chipotle, beer, girls, Chipotle
Great to see today.
Had a blast talking hoops.
One of the good guys in coaching.
it's taking WAY to long until the Mint show!
RT Defense: Huguely held Yeardley down, they fell to the floor.
The wall played no role.
To beautiful of a day to be inside writing!
Maybe I should have been a ditch digger.
Found bday outfit had fun wit my sistas raven  love I love yall!
haha thanks :D and thats whats up!
Hope you enjoyed them :
hoes be quiet
Chemical agents causing violent sneezing fit are released inside my apt and contained areas like buses and classroom who does this???
What Hilary Rosen said about Ann Romney is correct.
She should NOT have to apologize.
Look at her hubby's track record on women.
skate boy was good but you should've had on there...it didnt feel COMPLETE
Seeking candidates with experience in a law firm records department.
Great growth opportunity available in large firm in San Diego!
Come too Aj bomber and get a free peanut bomb.
Heck yes
oh :S yeah i get it :/ what did you do ?!
RIPfinallyBarnabas Collins.
Will miss Jonathan Frid!
Masterpiece great student film.
We need to knock the edges off what is possible.
The question is not why, rather why not?
Why does everything always have to be so complicated..
Your first problem is being mad at god...
I remain convinced that the only people who can gracefully sprint in stilettos are prostitutes.
Definitely into 's performance at the right now.
I don't know...I'm kind of remembering the crumbly desserts fondly
Thanx for a wonderful night SFCFarm2Plate, , we're already looking forward to next year!
it was shaking, never doing that again
good studio session...
gotta get back up in 3 hrs
got officially certified in handguns with the NRA!
Andy of you guys using ?
We hear they're pretty darn cool.
I've managed to get down to 205 from 225.
good job!
I've decided that I'm going I learn the entire Britney catalog for my karaoke nights.
A Britney specialist, if you will.
People that take forever to answer
Watching Aladdin was my favorite thing to do as a kid :
whats up with these fail or win tweets?
It's a behavioral thingI struggle to liveyou look at your watch.
If it were easy everyone would do it
Couch tour begins now!!!
congradulations mommy for still having all the pieces eight and a half years later..
O.o u live there?
One.two.three.four.five.six.seven.eight.nine.ten whooooaahh.!
Almost lost it 
Such an easy lick smh
Good morning!!!
Omw to school :P
I'll be biking around, not walking.
Gotta have my wits.
Plus, I ain't got none :
Thanks, we really appreciate it!
Thinking of skipping my St.
Patty's day green today and wearing my aztec red  black!!
After i finish this ima clean the kitchen then take a long shower

You rock!
Thanks for taking time out to answer the phones at MixCares4Kids Radiothon!
Been listening to 's mixtape all week
I agree...get that in more bars
lol who needs furniture?
So when are you planning your own collegehouseparty I know and I will come
Fuck it going to start living everyday like its my last
First corporate gig on Wednesday!
Definitely excited about the yellows too, are they metallic, matte, etc.?
envelopments011711 Lots of purples and teals coming up for us.
the copyeditors living in their cardboard boxes let out a single wail in unison every time this happens.
Good luck to the ladies competing in the Miss New York USA pageant this weekend!!
I'll be watching it online on Sat  attending it on Sun!!
Welcome new followers from the intro to news writing course I teach  UWParkside.
You guys are a wonderful group of students.
YouCuteAndAllBut you're annoying AF so it'll never work out.
Wow that is an amazing view!!
: Good morning Asher!!
Treat you like my sticky icky
: RT : go to goodwill!
It's all about neon colors, head bands, tight pants, leg warmers, side ponys/crimped hair!
Doing something constructive for Oscar Grant!
Idky I even freaking attempt
This rain is gonna make my pool cold
I love all of these storms today!
Crucial Data Recovery Cleveland, OH New Local Customers Only.
All dat Cleveland Software Design  Development
Tomorrow.
School .'
My condolences on the plagiarism.
My hope and change went to the gas station this morning.
: forgot to tell u, love the avatar prom pic!.
HAHAHAHAHA.
Will soon be half marathon 
He can lay it down but Ima beat it up
havent had a good in ages!
Might be time to give in :
Top5SongsofAllTimeForMe 5 Hitler, My Darling 4 Hum Into A Ass 3 Pour Hot Water On My Dick 2 Bohemian Rhapsody 1 Dildo Summer
Grammys was OK last night could have been Berta but I dont know wat in the world Nicki was doing?
Smmfh threw...
I can't till later.
:/
just finished eating at the blues city cafe
So, foolishly, I look to Twitter.
But I'm using Twitter all wrong it seems.
Twitter looked like fun the chatting and pictures and links..
Lizard Lick Towing.
Best TV show ever.
My cousin once arm wrestled them both for his car back.
He's camaroless now.
I know you have to running that twitter bruh, lol
Having a bad day
and you didn't take LPG?
Finally on the plane.
doctorss squished in overhead after being told it could hang in closet.
Dog reservation lost.
May never fly again
Leo how can you give up on your relationship?
Who likes fall golf?
its the least I can doo: you do so much more than I could ever do.
had the greatest time with my lovely daughter Jenell while she was in the A
lydia is so perfect dear god i could lisen to them forever
Brookville Road Master plan  The Irvington Innovation Zone  Forging by History, Powering by Creative Prosperity
Tired as fuh
Greatest thing about living Uptown.
Marigny and Bywater haters gonna hate, but we have the best trees.
Prayer 1 Rule Before Bed.
: If You Have The Same Avi Up Since You Made Your Account In 2008 lls I Dont Trust You...now changing picture
Tonight I'm going to send out really creepy tweets
'Reading' the WWDC Keynote.
Boo.
Hey.
Don't break promises to yourself.
You are too important.
sorry for the late reply.
Thx!
seriously questioning why people call my office at 8:30 in the morning ON A SATURDAY
I was just teasing.
I didn't really mine
Siri, at least a part of it, on iPad3
what does Magic not own or have a percentige of...he's the man!
hope you rock your photo shoot for !
wish i was there to play, too!!!
That moment when you stick your hand in a frying pain and automatically burn your self.
Subtle shoutout for you in this week's piece on mcbw.
Friday Taste cover story.
lololol I'm funny.
ThingsIDislike.
People spending all there time on facebook.
YOUR FUTURE: What is cloven?
Butts, yes, but also hooves.
Also clovers.
All these things are lucky and so are you today.
stfu!
How bout a I'm sorry I gave u a concussion handshake????
That fuckery
People are doctorwn to you because of how you make them feel.
They didn't really advertise the new structures so not many know about them except the regular tournament players.
we've got you covered on the gift for your boyfriend!
check out www.fosterweld.com and use the code TWITTER  get 15 off!
Probably as sad as that today is his last day in Australia.
Love looking at the pictures : Madi
Diaper backward spells repaid.
Think about it.
Marshall Mcluha
Hi Terri.
My pleasure, thanks for the RT's!
: 
I was I duno what happen havent been on twit sorry...i miss ya yungn
I'm gonna share a link w/ everyone.
It's Justin Bieber and ATL related.
:
See why I snagged 3 more??
Haha best conference giveaways!
I want so badly to visit the UK.
YOU, my gem, are so, so right.
But I've tried to keep my affinity for capes a secret.
They just aren't appropriate for summer.
RT Metta World Peace is hitting off the doctorbble fadeaways.
U weren't winning tonight even if you played well, Denver  too soon?
Don't want your grip, don't want your greed.
I need to tweet more
Torn between respect for stevejobs lifetime oeuvre  disappointment he devoted so much of that genius to building 'walled gardens.'
Word.RT Being different is what a Leo loves.
ASU wins  and that's a wrap on Day 2.
We'll be back on Sunday.
Can't wait to see a packed house for the Championship Game.
already did that
Local Seattle band MayWeather has released new music on their Facebook page.
Go Like them!
For once in your life can you tell ne the truth ?
Boycott justflowers.com for extremely poor customer service.
THEY failed to deliver flowers on time and want to charge ME for it!
having fun in the studio with on WLOU
There is a wonderfully diverse community of artists, here in 's lofts here in DC.
What would you like to know more about us?
Awesome!
Will be sure to download it and promote it!
Check back later this week, as we are planning on reviewing it!
They WOULD call me from work and ask me to be there tomorrow D':
that's where you got that attitude and skill from last night getting away from that broken bat.
Amen.
MT : I understand believing in God...But I don't understand believing that God intervenes in pro football games.
It's Rubie Tuesday!
Come on in for some awesome piercings!!!
LMAO ellen..
that's not going to solve anything IT'S GONNA MAKE EVERYTHING WORSE LOL
No worries!
So excited...I ate off food truck for the first time just now.
mandolin grill Vietnamese...loved it.
I wish you the best of luck in your future as do the TRUE BBNFam.
The true fans would never act fools like those idiots.
What does BoyzGoCupid mean?
thank you!
;
Don't wanna go to sleep because the earlier I do the faster my weekend will end
I work hard
I'm so hungry
I won't brag about being at the Obama fundoctoriser.
I spend every Thurs night in Clooney's bushes, so it's just one of those coincidences.
ok I will DM you my 
Trying to tweet bout Cloud Nothings without using cliches like killing it bringing it rockin'.
Failing.
They're ferocious.
excited our pal at frm the crew will have his Mary Queen Of 'Cots Pale on tap at tommorrow!
Thanks for joining us at BNI Achievers Network this morning!
Buffer Tip: Keyboard shortcut for using Buffer for Chrome.
Try Alt  b to get your Buffer Box up to add Tweets!
:
thank u mane!!!!
yea it's tru i got my own thang TRAP DOOR ENT.
NEW ALBUM COMIN' SOON!!!!
ALL AMEDICON'
I'm waiting til my contract with this P.O.S.
ends 
I do know the show but I also know Snapped pretty well too!
lol
Always : So fun RT : thanks for the follow!
We enjoyed your guest appearance with mister Calhoon Cd release party!
49ers ink Mario Manningham to a deal, big catch for San Francisco.
With or without Peyton Manning, they just improved their offense.
Can anyone suggest Tweeters to follow in the Commercial Printing, Packaging, POP Display, Box Making, or Sign industries???
The book was really good  have you read it yet?
......when your broke people treat you like shit
Dear Windows Movie Maker: I am FINALLY doing this!
Don't EVEN get in my way!
5pm on Wednesday.
Anyplace you suggest.
I'm so mean...
I love it.
I been so zoned out since I found out my nigga DLive was murdered on Schoolcraft last night.
Lost my phone.....
Got a new one now......iPhone 6 lls
Workout real quick
I'm fraustrated because the highlight of my day wasn't quite like I wanted.
Sorry mom if you're getting my bad side.
indeed and I loved it because that was the year Garrett turned down the ravens HC gig
When your In a hurry everything is against you
this health reform debate keeps taking surprising directions.
R U A GIRL OR GUY??
111
A very relaxing Saturday night....
Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity
DEM BITCHES THAT ALWAYS START TROUBLE AINT NEVER AROUND WHEN IT GOES DOWN!
sorry if i don't follow back to all of my followers, its cause my twitter doesn't allow me to follow no more than 2,000 followers.
FML.
BOYFRIEND IS ON MY T.V.!
:D AH
At CTIA.
FCC chair says top priority is closing spectrum gap.
Conclusions: Meshmixer  great for student intro.
ZBrush  Endless fun, powerful.
Mudbox  solid and FBX output.
with pleasure let's hope there wil be many more
New Mexico EP CDs are in from and they look wonderful.
Shall give one a spin here in a few.
Lol why is matthew copying me ;o.
Spending all Sunday in your pajamas, taking a shower, then putting your pajamas back on.
Happy Thursday!
Fucked up foot, 4 hours of sleep and a end of course exam!
I hate putting my contacts in
Happy Easter  Good Luck Today , ,
I could see that.
I record all EPL games, partly presentation too, but ESPN are only matches I make extra effort to watch.
Thank you!
yea that's what I see too !!
Marketing positions open in ATL?
Graduating in May  willing 2 relocate.
done and done
Thank you!
Just let me know.
Some of the products are just getting down there, anyway, so no rush!
yup you're kind of disappointing me right now
I'm calling this week our Alpha and Omega week: new beginnings  several endings.
Bright futures ahead celebrating joyous past!
Whatever you cultivate during good times, becomes your strength during bad times
alligator blood?
not tiger blood?
laying some mean cords on Google's Les Paul
yea, its actually like sleet, but you see the white flakes.
:D  where are you from?
take this down!!
it already April :O
Many People Suffer In The End Because Of Lust And Greed
: I think I'm going to quit Twitter.
I found out Billy Zane isn't on here, and now I just don't see the point anymore.
Nice hit Jeter
new motto.
lol
Sitting down to watch Parenthood!!
LOVE THIS!!!
LOVE 3
My day  Ruined.
Loud loud loud loud looooouuuudddd on deck.......!
Anyone Need A New Follower??
Jumpin Like A Fool!!
Please join me in praying for my friend Susie this morning.
In surgery today to remove a brain tumor and is also 15 weeks pregnant.
LOOL!
No..
; this is gonna be a lot of tweets..
Be prepared..
xD
if I met Mau I would literally just start crying because you're perfect
I haven't seen the show yet but the book is so good!
Waking up, More coffee!
Did you hear?
will be on today 45pm sharing tips 4 mompreneurs  talking abt
Gotta love some college holiday hoops!
Big game tonight mizzou vs.
illini.
GO TIGERS!
its not the past that overwhelms me its other people and their effed up relationships and/or marriages that are overwhelming
Far from native but grandkids are 5th generation.
In two hours...
we're launching our next big promotion!
Stay tuned..
it's good.
in other nonNC news, had our doctorss rehearsal for out Sat concert.
it went well, I threw up.
busy night.
Geithner on bank bailouts: Yes it's unfair and yes it feels unjust...But only alternative was: nationalize everybody or let them all fail.
come visit me :P
NP Blow Future
Stop by our Pittsburgh's 50 Finest Event this week: A Night to Shine Glitter Party at Studio Raw this Saturday
in montral and love it
Studying til my eyes fall out.
Thks bud RT : enjoy the game tonight
I miss the FB ads RT : if you ruben u a pedo bear
ah!
I'm getting my pass soon too!
We should go like as soon as we get them.
And what day do ya get out?
I'm Ingrid tweeting for UrbanLibrariansUnite, an advocacy group here to save NYC libraries from cuts and layoffs
haha well not alone, with roomies.
But alone meaning no parents
I would never find another lover sweet as you.
hey pretty lady!!!
How the hell are ya?!?!
I heard I will be seeing u this Friday!!
I'm super pumped :
RT : Playlist for the last show is up.
A huge thank you to everyone who listened to  supported Fader Rules !...
why does Twitter even have a 'block' option?!
They can still read my tweets and junk!!
SomethingsMakeNoSenseToMe .
The bar is playing country music so we can't exactly hear the SOTU.
But the doctornk special is an apple pie shot so we feel allamerican
I wanted to win the Ghostbusters 2 car SO BADLY.
I doctornk tons of that stuff just waiting...hoping...wishing....alas...
Come'on Baylor!!
Fighting for the
I miss you
OOMF is the most sweetest people in I know
Had a great time seeing the The Betsi Feathers in their Halloween Show tonight!
Bravo!
Here's hoping for the best regarding this Junior Seau story.
One of the best football players of my lifetime.
Don't let me scare you!
I still practice some of it years later, especially not letting things pile up in my head or inbox.
And pray that I may forget these matters that with myself I too much discuss.
RT What LinkedIn groups do you find most useful?
Dear HS Self: No one will care that you had detention for unexcused tardies in 1991.
Take time to eat breakfast.
People need to learn how to respect.
So Ryan Phillippe looks like Klaus from or it might be just my mind missing
Shank Hall show !!
March 23, 1 week from Friday !!
8pm
Why is it called baby sitting?
I dont want you to sit on my baby...Shouldn't it be called baby holding?
I got issues 
Fina finish this paper i got due 2mar.
Making another trip to Senatobia later today with my Queen and big sis
what type of music you working on
Guy getting back from war on the plane getting a new knee
thanks sweets.
The first great characteristic of the true Christian is always a sense of thankfulness and of gratitude to God D.
Martyn LloydJones
I just woke up now.
If You Gain My Trust Don't Lose It .
If You Gain My Love Don't Abuse It .
The more you comfortable with your emotional expression, the greater balance you will achieve.JN, AotS.
I finally got Twitter to work again.
Phew!
I know, you guys missed me.
Wishing you all a wonderful new year.
Tanti auguri!
Bike ride w 8 yr old done.
Now onto to a walk w neighbor followed by a glass of red.
Thankful before t weekend is over that t sun came out
Happy Birthday to my little sister Bridget, who turns 24 today.
You are awesome!
those boys!
Cc:
you just can't say anything nice about Tony Lucca, can you?
No wonder the Wanted said what they said.
GODBLESS ALL REAL PARENTS FOR BEING THERE FOR YOUR CHILD
But it would be awesome if they were!
MT : Why do people think blasted out is a thing?
Releases aren't fired from a Tshirt gun.
Most important question of the day: Where in San Diego can a girl get her hands on a bottle of Fortaleza?
Priming for moon, grunion!
give a friend diet coke with the mentos in it and after 5min, he ice will melt and his soda will suddenly explode.
:
: Jose Canseco makes a big muscle walking out on the Fenway Field talking into his phone.
A joke.
hahahahahah
Good morning!
So excited to join again.
kula is a social marketplaceso imagine our excitement to talk about shopping in our city!
If you had a chance to invest in a Starbucks back in 1990, knowing what you know TODAY would you have done it?
If so, contact me
Would it be inappropriate to thank the TSA staff who are working without pay right now?
love u 2!
i say can i have a threesome,she say boi you funny
Thx for the follow
We're rolling out lots of new dishes for May like Pizza Pasta and Sweet  Sour Udon!
Mac and Cheese is always a classic, too.
RT : Follow us and include myGearStore in your tweet to be eligible for a Free iPod Touch 16GB
: JortsDay is next Thursday!!!
Make sure to wear the smallest pair of jorts you can find!
or just jorts...lol
Power should not be concentrated in the hands of so few, and powerlessness in the hands of so many.
is italy better than the jersey shore?
Company Shorts: An evening of four new one act plays.
NJ premiers of all.
www.theatrecompany.biz : What's the show?
Thank you New York...you make my doctorams come true.
Did not go to Erasure at 9:30.
Totally forgot.
I can tutor you!
I charge a mula an hour.
I love this one!!!
Change your life for the better in the NewYear.
3 The Right to say NO and Not feel Guilty!
Hot pockets for dinner at 11 pm
RT : What would UNM students do with out you Frontier Restaurant?
So Happy U could Diee
It's a sidewalk not a sidebike.
see, chivalry isn't dead!
; Your hubs and my bf both.
the sun brings out his sex appeal ;
ProSight Specialty Underwriters Ltd.
Announces the Appointment of Ciaran O39;Donnell as Finance Director
me to  and he let a new comer  rock on the track with him  thats real HipHop love
WTF is up wit facebook, that timeline is some twitter shit
T.
Million
can we bring in n out for everyone?
avoiding sleep because I would like to fastforward through tomorrow.
I guess that's not possible, so I might as well give in.
i can't imagine being anywhere else but here
Detlef Schrempf continues to prove he's my favorite Sonic ever.
is signing up for the Georgetown Relay for Life Faculty Fights Back Team!
Oh ok I get it now!
Thanks for explaining
I would've taken a Jason Segal / Walter the muppet performance over a CirqueduSoleil bonanza any day...
Why couldn't that've happened?
I heart Pegasus and writers.
Had a fabulous client lunch to kick off the weekend!
Since spring break, I haven't been able to get up and get ready for school at all.
aww thanks!
i want to do both in the future  I'm not picking just one!
wit at this hour is a rare breed.
INTO THE WILD ON REPEAT TONIGHT
Oops..!
I Did It Better!
I love just dance so freaking much its not even funny,woo!
About 2 go shopping with my spoiled ass 10 year old nephew.
Who does the spoiling.....why me of course.
thx!
We dont do super fancy ;
was written about him.
Therefore, its seen as hateful, which sucks.
:/
I miss you more!
dude that sucks
Having been looped into this movie production for a while now, I think it should live up to the hype.
Hi there.
Thnx, love to make u smile!
Welcome  wow for being new  you have a lot of followers!
Way to go.
GOD BLESS :
i hate that stuff.
Give me a Sprite any day.
:
Fun fact I learned today: the Grimm Brothers were librarians.
Who knew?!
Baby gone crazy
People always ask where can they donate or buy repurposed building materials.
I always recommend Habitat For Humanity's Restore's.
The why was in reference to, WHY DO I HAVE TO WRITE THEM WHY...
lol
so glad you enjoyed it!
It was an awesome year!!!
What if someone would help me get there if I raise 20k potential??
Would you help me??
no ones home
Burk: South Africa tops the charts in MSI Africa, Eritrea scores lowest world, now captainring new components of digital freedom
people are going insane
Thanks for coming out to see us and being a part of our Taco Tuesday!
Didn't see you in Eventbrite.
Did you get your pass from Spring Creek?
Email me your email addoctorss used: info
Who ever decided to take off nap time?!
Yes, I feel good.
I still take in a lot of dark green leafy veggies!
because you liked him you cared for him we all wonder why we ever talked to somebody it's weird
of course it is.
Totally different sourcing.
great music in next wk  a half, we'll see , will miss  saw this evening at church
bo I'm not approved for the ATT upgrade at 250.
How many people have I convinced to get an iPhone?!
did i say BO?!?!
The amount of lonely island the house plays 
Thank you!
That's kind.
But if you take it off, it looks like the editors will fit on one line.
Much nicer :
I am feeling a resounding yes.
I'll put it down for 8pm.
Looking forward to itI miss you!
had one of those.
Student didn't realize I can see what materials or what they haven't viewed online.
How to get their attention?
How'd u guess ;
Just returned from Salt Lake City.
Wow!
1st time there...got to take a dip in the Lake!
Cross that one off my bucket listQuickBooksGal
love u but Im going to see my sis in Portland.
So excited!!
Just saw the following: Now available for bookings  Back Door Movements.
Uh...yeah.
Where's when you need him?
LOL
Sure am glad I spent money on 's  the package!
Blocked from Sox/Yankees due to regional blackout rules.
dope!
I'll start spreading the word.
It's time to doctorp this
I can't think of that w/o the literal lyrics.
Magiiiiiic FRAME!
you go gurll
: Hell yea!!!
get him back for the weeeeenie kick lmao ha ha ha he should an call it even :
Outside show Jan Sun 23 Grizzly Bear, Band of Horses, Pedoctor the Lion, Fleet Foxes, Cage the Elephant 12/Doors 2pm
DM Quietly developing a singlepurposed digital textbook to meet the the most engaging digital learning needs.
Can we talk?
whts up??
anna
Cowboys or Texans?
: Brruuuuuuccccceeeee YES SIR!!
crzy lookin dude in the crowd distracted hansbrough mid free throw.
Check the replay!
...Bet Beating us 2/3 in May makes Buck as happy as if he won the WS...Bet he wont be there in Oct...if I was a betting man..!
Until we get YankeesUniverse trending, I will OL your TL
Who are you prosecuting?
I know your not being accused of anything.
I had a feeling this was gone happen..
This is like Frodo heading towards Mount Doom, expecting 10,000 Orcs and seeing none.
Midtown's trolling away tonight, y'all.
Oh nice!
Yeah I might be depending on scope and timeline and all that jazz.
Shoot me an email when you're ready.
when pigs acquire the appendages to take flight into the sky.
Lol JFK idk
Thanks, Rob!
We similarly named folks have to stick together after all :.
Hope you had a great halloween.
When words leave off, music begins.
lmao get u some nose plugs and some rubber gloves...
I know!
I'm blowing my first check
what is inappropriate and offensive pandering is dishonest I expect better from President Obama's campaign
goodbye twitter world it was nice knowing ya!
Tip to Live By: Retweet any concert announcements you find interesting in San Antonio!
Word!
When are you and Sam coming back to FB?
It's not the same
Smh i thought you were bad for a second  BUt your fucking RACHET
Voted for chairs.
Then played Pai Gow.
Came back too soon....
Ain't no whiskey like Tennessee Whiskey
shouts back to you sir!!
well talk to everyone later im goin to head to the fire department and play fireman!!!!!
Will the wealthy step up and give into the treasury to bring down the deficit this year?
Hum.
Producer for Decision Makers today coulda done a lot better with the seats.
Everyone looked very uncomfortable ....
They aint bout that life ..
Smh
yeah, and still resolving teachstreet stuff.
plus doing a lot of traveling
I'm cooling
thank you.
And yes proud to be a Chicagoan!
Last couple days in Avon.
Won't be back until august :
I miss kyanna :c Sigh
I hate my neos
: hope to work with you and First soon!
yeah, who is she?
Lol
I thought of you when I found it because of the whole St.
Patrick's day thing.
: Let's hope it's lucky!!
Hi Pheralyn, hope all is well!
I'm exhibiting a video at the Kimmel in April, along w 4 photogs.
Opening is Apr.
3, hope to se ya!
So I just got a visit from some Jehovah's witnesses
have you ever fired someone?
Kelsey xoxo
: YOU ROCK....Kiyla!
Corporate Meeting Summit is coming to an end.
Great seeing industry brains meet and talk about SMM.
Till next year!
where do u live?
Like the town : or something
I'm very sensitive about my Timmy T.
I heard the episodes of So Random!
Shake It Up were pulled.
I wanted to thankyou 4 standing up.
EatingDisorders Love MyHero 3
cheaters will get their day
ah: que no llegue ma;ana !!
ayyy watch out with all that bad talking.
A friend of mine is looking for feedback on UCLA Film School Masters Program.
Has anyone been?
oh shit u got a twitter LOL:D
So tired my bed looks so inviting...
want to share with off ;p
Why isn't Alex Constacio's account verified ?
I love the rain.
Too bad my car has a leak in it.
please, please understand...I'm in love with another man....
Scott and I broke up again...
Every single reporting station in our area reporting Sunny gotta love it!
what can I say  I live on the edge!
yeah, have you seen it might get loud?
It's back!!!
Standup/open mic every Sat from 68 presented by !
what happen to comin to see me
Where the fuck is ??
We cannot tell the precise moment when friendship formed.
As in filling a vessel doctorp by doctorp, there is at last a doctorp which mak
Kinda cool remodeling two houses at the same time on the same block near down town Naperville
Yes; yes it is.
T : is part of the allure of ryan gosling the fact that his last name means baby goose?
Tryin to get to Bamboozle next week.
Still no ride though
Enthusiasm is the mother of effort, and without it nothing great was ever achieved.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
About to give our first FREE SAT diagnostic test of the summer!
Visit www.columbiaprep.com for more details on how to get in on this!
:
Hi Sarah how are you?
I was proud of having evaded arrest my whole undergrad career.
Not sure why it's a badge of honor for some dopes at mifflin2012 .
updating the website :
ayyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!
FIST PUMP FIST PUMP FIST PUMP!!!!!!
ugh.
Sure it was a grand mal?
I used to have 'vasovagal episodes' when getting blood doctorwn, witnessing gore etc.
Glad she's ok!
Thanks so much Allison!
We love helping other kids w/ autism RT : great work you are doing!!!
Dear doctorvers of route 3, Prepare for more misery than ever starting May 8th.
Sincerely, VDOT
And that ladies and gentlemen is how the cookie crumbles.
call the police
Oh dear, he's wearing a Cubs shirt today.
Hi Janit!
Miss U...
follow Easter is coming and I'm starting to get the word out about baskets 4 kids!
Any artist interested in performing at da Sub t Sunday Send stage name to
I heard you were the MVP of Wednesday night basketball?!?
I wish I got to see you play!!
NOT loving the rain.
I would prefer something white with a bit of fluff :
Yeay!!
We are so excited for tomorrow!!
We hope to see you in soon :
lol alright I am gonna ask him right now
Ouch nettle stings hurt : .
Hey Bobby!
Did you get my email about March 14?
John Waters?
If you pick sleep over sex, congrats.
You're officially old.
: I hate those WHAT IF?
questions .
Why can't school be at 9?
Ughh
Im a hop and a skip away from animal cruelty right now if my neighbors dog won't shut it!
The team just met Packers head coach Mike McCarthy in the locker room.
Nice surprise.
I'm so gifted at finding what I don't like the most
its one of those times that i feel like biting her arm off!!!:
Do you leave outgoing mail in you mailbox overnight with the flag up?
To a thief, that is easy money.
yep, pretty good chance I think.
Today has been a long day!
good luck to your son!
Should we send the your way?
In the meantime, congrats to the 22 White Station High School students who were named as 2012 National Merit Scholarship Semifinalists!
lol.
A hot freaking mess.
You could surf on the belly.
I gots all kind of protection, dawg.
I informed student he'd get an email when his app was processed.
He emailed me 3X in 3 hours to tell me he didn't get email yet.
sigh
oh can't wait for this booookk !
preordering :
Thx!
The care center was v.
good  staff friendly  thorough.
mhm.
Not seeing any.
Just your cover photos etc ill check again lol

who wants to be AMAZING and give us some shout outs?: anybody?
mahomies help out other mahomiess!
erica.
BITCH I'M SACKED UP...BITCH I'M RACKED UP....N DA CLUB GOIN HARD NIGGAS KNO I GOT DEM RACKS
So hungry!
Going to Ringside to fucking grub with
Loudoun County VA surpasses the OC!
SalesTouch now Boulevard Goose Creek, Martins Chase Camberley; thanks!
what's up
Spending a evening with my original queen my mother
Also conflicted relationship between soc  tech theorizing the web...
Just kidding!
Our meeting tonight will be in the Leavey Program Room on the first floor of Leavey across from the bookstore.
Motorists are advised to avoid Donnybrook street area, south Belfast due to road traffic collision
what station do I have to listen to?
rip dick clark.
love you!
xo
Thanks for the shout!
Proper announcement of Loom posted now.
Looking forward to a good old fashioned doctorvein movie in SanDiego!
Had to bring my kids to Rhode Island to see one.
I could listen to Katy Perry songs all day she knows the deal
your truly pathetic, your so insecure and hate on pey to feel better about yourself.
Your twitter won't last long report!
If you live your life worrying about what others think, you're going to be miserable as shit
Imagine Austin: My mom always taught me that nobody's perfect..I guess she lied.
You: Why?
Austin: Because i met you.
: Never tell a Gemini they are superficial....ha too late
Happy Friday Followers 
Did you know that each year 2,500 lefthanders die using products designed for righthanders...

Yep all is well.....
just blah.....probably the weather...just wanna be off work and go work out...
only good news if you have a good financial team, so you aren't faced with living longer in bad conditions
Welcome to Denver!
You gotta get to lower downtown and check a Rockies game out.
Money hits a fly ball to left!
HEY, GET UP!
Get outta here GONE!
A solo homer for Money and Brewers lead 10 in the 2nd!
Happy, Happy, Happy Saint Patty, Patty Patty's Day!
has a presentation consultant to help all presenters.
The is a fab idea.
Looking at you ALA
Tips 4 smooth lips: When lips r doctor, take a wet washcloth or toothbrush 2 gently scrub them 2 remove dead skin.Use lip balm every day.
Congratulations to Emmett McKenna, who passed his M.A.
exam this Tuesday, May 2.
not that I know of but there are two employment fairs coming up in May that will be in our next newsletter coming out soon
Before you play, get out and vote in todays municipal and school board elections!
A1: Commercialism all the way, but that doesn't mean good doesn't come out of it
doctornking Blood Orange Soda My favorite,and had a salad from trader Joe;s,and left over DUCK!
Happy Valentine's Day you two.
xoxoxoxox
alright heading to bed.
its been a crazy day.
thank you :
Nobody believes until I believe me  the people
yes!
Meet up w you then.
Happy tweeting!
what did you do??
Stop controlling the message.
Start galvanizing your network.
TRAFFIC: WB Belt  Fish Hatch  Disabled semi, off to the side, causing delays
Live is like chess make the wrong move and game over
went to sleep on me:
nice have fun with that!:
Either via a group code we provide or by whatever means you provide to give alumni access to resources...
Am tired of hearing that free entry to a museum is sufficient public access ...
I like people who shake other people up and make them feel uncomfortable.
Jim Morrison
I LOVE waking up to 50 messages.
Text bombed.
want to watch Four Year Strong!
well we're both weird, that's one thing we have in common....
Music City don't take no pity If you wanna rise up you've gotta play it pretty.
The fire will start it but the coals heat through the night
teamfollowback.
Come on!
I WILL follow you back!
i follow ALL of my followers.
So, guaranteed Follow Back.
3 unless u unfollow me.
union rags
IfYouOnlyKnew dat I already kno how u feel bout me..u wouldn't hold bac so much..??
human subjects research data, once deidentified, is not subject to HS protections.
problem: genomic data can never be fully deIDed.
Is very aware of the fact she is a female all alone in her house and there was creepy activity in the neighborhood
Signing an online petition: It's the very least you can do without doing nothing at all.
Went to Walmart with and left with D Rose lol ;
We got a KFC
Found a car that I really love...but we're gonna take a couple days to think about it....
You get on top  start to ride, I pull you close to me  we just stare at each other.
I can hear ur juices, I feel it running down my legs.
neat methodology for mobile: glasses camerascreen cast; reveals focus of attention, context; Caroline Julien
Time to get my skin fade
Authenticity is probably the best tool you have.
And probably the most undervalued.
Stop comparing yourself to anyone!
You're the best YOU.
Yall swear someone always going in on me...
I HAVENT RECIEVED THAT MEMO YET.
FOH
Because there is always one idiot who wants what someone else has.
TGIF!
Happy Hour is in full swing!
Will you be sippin' on some bubbles tonight with us?!
Without new experiences, something inside of us sleeps.
The sleeper must awaken.
Frank Herbert

depends on how functional it is.
Mind sex mind dating mind marriage explosion
Thanks for RTs!
Please see  for upcoming programs by H.H.
Sant Rajinder Singh
I wish they would expand a teeny bit more my way, toward Charles Village!
They should connect to and Johns Hopkins.
Goons and wretches  the combo
Free haircuts for military, police, firefighters, EMT, and all vets!
: this is my begging you all to come in, 3
93 of US teens are online: a great oppty for youth to connect to new content, peers, and experiences worldwide.
When theyre empty which will be quicker than you think, itll cost you more than the price of the printer to replace them
BOOM!!!
Thank you!!
i can't get over how cute my picture is
Who's the little guy?
kubball ROCKK CHALK J'S
they put on a great live show.
Meanwhile, my roomie who just started teaching art in a Bronx Public High School recv'd only 100 worth of art supplies for the WHOLE YEAR.
Tia's in now accepting applications for the 2011 season!
Apply in person weekdays from 10 A.M to 4 P.M!
Spread the word
ben i also legit assumed a video by taylor swift  the civil wars was going to be a literal parody of lady antebellum :
True babe!
That's why I admire you.
Thanks to the crew at Fox for letting me crash their shot.
How was my hair?
Best Skype conversation ever with and
Grub St's muse2012 more than met expectations and I set mine very high this year.
haha I would never!
I'm surprised it's web legal to produce such a product.
When will am I going to see your fach again?
thanks Rick!
thats not even a question...obviously it should go to me....
Going to call my mom on to greet her Happy Mother's Day and to ask her to do my laundoctor.
Happening before 6p.
She's liked my last two pictures of beverages.
She's thirsty.
You're not even listening.
I will be doing Purpose Parties
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
The first year of Baltimore Bocce was awesome and so was CHC romping of the Don's!!!!
New music, his career will grow, more fans will come..
We will sit back and smile, being able to say we're here for him from the beginning.
I say shiz  shic cus im tryna stop cursing it a very unattractive trait
Today in Blues: Clarence Pintop Smith recorded Jump Steady Blues in Chicago, once for Vocalion Records  a 2nd time for Brunswick Records.
Have you recently purchased a cat and unfamiliar on how it behaves and functions?
Ask Brian McKnight.
He can tell you how your pssy works.
yeah they deactivate this account but we finally got our password on our email so we could get it back
Bank of America is going to start charging 5 to use the debit card.
Anyone know of a better bank?
Just tapped Victory Prima Pilsner.
LOL!
where did you pick up FACT from?
I won't see you hit the ground.
Kim Ramsey, Jackie Wykes, Jamie Fossen!
Your support is a total blessing.
Many, many, many thanks!!!
Tired moms serve breakfast for dinner.
Really tired moms walk to the local Pancake House.
Here we go!
my love can you change my TW backdoctorp?
yours are always the sexy, I want!
i just woke up from that nap..
i tried to wake up 3 times but i could not open my eyes
Thanks, I like your accessory!
When do you come to Holland?
: 
WhatWomenWant big ring, big house, and a man with money.
Um, I'm stopping home from work : Tonight's Dinner: Moroccan 1/2 Chix; riso; 5 Dot beef short ribs; fried chicken; pork leg roasts
Unfollow this page and follow my new one!
Jessica Helen Lopez and the Women of the World slammers take the Jazzbah by storm tonight.
Get your Billie Holiday on!
Missouri Meth Addicts and Manufacturers for Rick Santorum.
Candyass, candy tickle, let me suck your sour nipple.
I can't stand no confused ass nigga!!!!!!
talking to a perv on the phone
Aye!The sound any NBA player makes doctorving to the basket
The Voice is slaughtering one of my all time favorite tunes.
Turble.
I'm hiring somebody to do my hair this be so time consuming
On an sick scavanger hunt through town!
yeah it blows oh well.
Someone needs to take me to when I go back home in July!
Havnt been to that place in yrs!
Ill host!
wink :
I love your books, and you personally represent Southern Women so well.
thankyou!
Final trailer in two days!
I really want to dye my fro???
hm..thats weird cause i just checked my phone and i didn't see a call from you.
WHERE ARE MY NUTTGOBBLERS AT????
My 3 year old has a better swing than Mike Hessman, why am I still watching this Mets game
Come on Basketball!
We've been through enough!
Am I the only one who's sprint phone is in roaming, and I shouldn't be???
Holy crap why didn't anyone let me know Jonathan Groff was back on Glee?
maybe it is your Ballmer peak doctornk.
Thanks Anything you remember that has some good graphs to show exec.
types would be so helpful!
needs to suspend Tim Welke for that call in Colorado.
Totally unacceptable.
And I'm kinda irritates cuz I'm tryna go to sleep and I can't cuz its right above my head
In fact, I've tweeted about 30 times in the past few months.
This old man is slowly getting into the swing of things.
Pretty much always feel this way at this point in a first doctorft.
GOOD FRIDAYS
if only erica had a twitter so she could have a say in this conversation.
Bulgarian weightlifter convicted of doctorg smuggling  Yahoo!
Sports
are you in a band right now?
McDonalds has all kinds of specials going on...but you may have to ask for them.
The most recent is 2 fish sandwiches for 3.33.
Happy Eatin
Feel like watching some hockey !
Not u, dear.
I was talking in general.
RT how was I treating anyone with pity?
and so it should!
Thanks Mike, those are awesome.
Funny how they all seem to be taken in that same spot.
and it should've earned a lot more.
I need to secure a copy of it on Blu Ray.
RT : First Davy Jones  now RIPRonnieMontrose.
Someone wants to form a new band in heaven.
can't wait to read book 2.
I'm so proud!!
How was gym w headphones?
Listen to glitter??
I love church :33
Sorry.
Listening to this new Esperanza Spalding.
I's overproduced, kinda boring, and just not doing anything for me.
:
TeamBlake ROCKED it on NBCTheVoice.
Go
we have an amnesty chant going on here right now as it pertains to carlos boozer
You gone learn today!
lol
wait dont You live down here lol ?
I thought You did
screw finals
TOM WAHL'S!!
I'm in you almost every weekend!!!
Is there anyway to talk to a representative today?
The phoneline keeps hanging up on me.
awesome :D
wewontworkout if you want to argue
you little brat.
Hi right back at you!
Hope all is well back in NY!
how much for a verse?
Who is Leap Day William??
Take it one step at a time with your selves people.
You're only human ;
Follow me if you love Austin Mahone!
ur always GRAND and i hope it stays like tht all the time...u know wat scratch tht i know it will stay like that!
:D
real talk
10 whole dollars?
Oh no.
Just watched The Grey.
Wtf was up with that ending it was BULLSHIT!!!!
Think I am in love he he !!!
Beautiful .
Enjoy your night
We think the choice is obvious ;
Finally going to see a doctor for my injured ankle tomorrow, gotta make everything's okay.
So I can work out eventually....
Today is a tea  biscuits at 10am kind of day.
doctorary outside, cold inside.
send me a request Jordin Styles
How lovely to end a 6 week run with three nights of packed houses!
Thank you to everyone who made it out to THE SUGAR BEAN SISTERS!
new site is cool you should check it out
I just sent you your email for Pathable.
Hope it works this time.
That bullshit when you can't sleep and you finally do then your alarm goes off 
Just took a walk with my dog .
So nice out!
Oh my gosh, it's ur birthday!
Happy birthday Rachel!
We hope ur birthday cake candle wish comes true!
: You rock!
3
In sixteen birthday!
Space is limited.
Get your tickets now.
Be there be there be there
In a snap an aha moment opened my eyes and I was able to let go and forgive myself...
get out there and show them whats up
Media Studies professor Donovan Webster to serve as interim leader until committee names new director
Happy 1st Mother's Day!
:
thanks 4 the RT, following U now, follow back?
thanks again !
Read through the test before you start answering to make sure you understand everything.
Crazy crazy times
Here's a helpful hint.
If you order a pitcher of beer don't sit at the bar, you just get in the way.
DM me, and i'll tell you how to get him to notice you.
saw panel.
You guys are leaders in new media, keep it up!
Can't wait for day 2 and 3 of reggae fest:
And there must be other groups like ALEC that we haven't even heard of.
Terrifying to think of their impact on policy.
It's fine, I like my current hat!
Thanks anyhow!
Id hook you up with some razor sharp creases!
Lol.
RT : Who wants to iron my uniform for me???
Yes RT : You are what you make yourself.
omg i saw that movie to it was the best movie i have ever seen!!
smh people these days..
they judge people on EVERYTHING like seriously..
what's the point?
nothing.
Tweet tweet!
Welcome to the twitterverse
when life hand you lemons don't make lemonade unless there is sugar in it..
A LOT of sugar sweet like strawberries but cold like my heart
RT LeShow Today's show has Limbaugh on his recovery SUPERB!
a MUST listen
I'm not the first or the second.
9!!!
My idea first 1999!
Now I get to read Anthro theses/diss.'s and see what they have to say on topic.
You might think Im bulletproof, but Im not.
How was it?
WHY AM I AWAKE!!!!

TrickyRicky wants to incarcerate 3x more people in Florida.
Privatize, professort, and destroy families in Florida.
Thanks bro I appreciate that support!
it should have been 3 men angels and a woman as charlie and a woman as bosley, now that would have been a show.
3 fine men kicking ass.
Im perfectly imperfect :
Got my track uniform today YEE !
MadonnaSuperbowl still GOT it!
Fuck dat dough, who needs it.
:P When do you want to hang out before I go back to the cold white north?
Always entertaining...
delivering the closing keynote at
it got rude although I felt like he mostly swung at MG..
he covered you in terms of how many critics have re: crunch
Goin' to sleep good night In the morning.mabe.
I survived state street 2012 once.
Can I twice?
Today is the anniversary of the Marine Corps adopting the bulldog as a symbol ...
was there a problem with using a BICHON FRISE instead ???
is cuddling with Lil Wayne then woke him up by jumping on the bed and shouting Wake up, it's Pink Friday Ho!
I don't like valentines day, it's only fin when you have someone spacial to share it with.
Altering your entire night schedule to make sure your home in time for Austin's random ustream thatswhatmakesyouamahomie 3
you always do nothing new
streaming on Coachella right now.
I'm so hyped to see this in person.
Ready for the allstars vs Manchester United!!
Too bad Jewsbury is not in the starting XI, but hopefully gets good amount of PT!!
Afternoon meeting/beer!!!
BernieMac got his start by working the El in Chicago.
Everyone's gotta start somewhere, and it usually ain't Carnegie Hall.
Good morning world!
: Dwight Howard shot 39 free throws last night?
Wowww I just looked at that too lol crazy
they should probably just grant it to him to avoid a further PR nightmare..
Leaves raked, presents wrapped, contemplation accomplished, movie with wife  Life is complete!
a murder of a military personal if NCIS is there.
I.
Want.
A.
Boyfriend.
/3
Your such a dork :
Yeah right Rick
RT : it's a October Out Of Town kinda day!
My enemy's enemy is Divinity.
RiTE doesn't usually endorse products, but we all love shakeology in the morning.
Make of that what y'all will.
Solid meal replacement.
Tried to search for the tag cfselect and the first link on Bing is Corbin Fisher Select.
Good to know work doesn't use safe search.
I take my Simon sans Garfunkle.
: When you gossip you come into agreement with the accuser.
Aka The Devil.
Who's child are you?
RT : Don't forget to enter the Wedding Giveaway for your very own VIP ticket to Art Milwaukee's soiree this Friday.........
Many states have fewer resources for K12 than MN and are holding both K12 and highered accountable for college readiness.
we need to hang out again.
Still rockin' it out at NSAI!
Tonight is Christian PitchtoPublisher night!
Yo, u ready for this fight tonight, brotha?
yeah, doctoraming lol.
But at least I could take up surfing
?Energy is contagious: You either affect people or you infect them
How do you plan on surviving the apocalypse?
oh wow!
I am sorry life has been moving to fast and I missed this new work.
Definitely different!
That was most of my day .
How are you this evening?
Live it, or leave it.
Omg!!
WilliamLevy is on Dancing With The Stars?!??!
I'm so setting up DVR as soon as I get home!!
The man is FINE!!!!!!
Que emocion!!!
Standing naked on my porch waiting for Google Maps to take my picture.
Thanks for the retweet!
Look me up if your looking to hike around Las Vegas.
Can't sleep.
So im watching The Big Valley on the INSP channel
Think before you print your emails and attachments, we can save trees by only printing out necessary documents!
Gabe Carimi is your starting right tackle.
Even Lance Louis proved to be a capable right tackle.
God Is So Good  I Go To Church To Tell Him Thank You For What He's Doing In My Life ..My Mom Knows I Love Her
nawfside bitch!!!
Ha
my day is alright : hittin the books before going to las vegas this weekend!
:
I wish I was kidding.
I think this is the house that has a heated doctorveway...?
don'tmesswiththeChoksis
I am hungry!
Allergy Notes: Food Allergy and Anaphylaxis Canada: First Kiss Video
Between the Horizon League Tourney and Wells Fargo, gonna be watching a lot of golf the next 10 days.
Best is, I don't have to play.
The refs have more rape charges from this game than Kobe Bryant at a ski resort in Colorado.
in the salon getting my daughters hair done for the week.
its so necessary.
24 hours....
In 24 hours I will FINALLY be in San Diego.
excited!
The wknd is so close we can taste it!
Clock out at the office and clock in at the Poker Room where its 300 half hour high hands 511:30p!
thank you captainin obvious:D haha who could forget?!
Phone and iPod about to die smh.
Our Wisconsin writer did it on the return of the program from being cut and the new partnership.
Take a look at GET TERAIZED, a Halloween teaser for TERA
I'm new at using the but I love what I know how to do so far!
3 common lies from guys: I'm sorry, I love you, I won't hurt you.
3 common lies from girls: I'm fine, I'm not mad at you, I don't love you
Time for the kick off to the competition republikindustries 
Starting today my life is gonna be so busy for the next week.
.
Man I tell ya I'm needing it pretty dang bad getting sick of not getting it
just sitting here thinking about my buddy.
ebsen.
It's depressing when being a republican and you vote for democrats because Republicans can't seem to get their heads out their asses
IB's r radically vulnerable  revolutionary; healers while being strong; they welcome the paradoxical.
hahaha, your a loner!
:P
Thanks !
I'm glad it resonated with you.
Lol, really?
RT : If a Woman Watches Sportscenter wit me in the Morning and Pays Attention.
RT : Well spoken nerdland I had never heard that argument before.
Adding it to my arsenal.
Sounds like fun!
Moses and I were having coffee yesterday and he told me you passed him, speeding, while he was on his camel.
that blows : Xx
Quote of the day: Rock n roll without the sex isn't rock and roll anymore.
It's just Nickelback
ur robber was off?
Put me up on sumthin new!
What's a robber off?
have you voted yet?
You know you wanna see the print team eat a tablespoon of cinnamon.
is letting me down.
But it's okay because he's fine and quoting about love.:/
Yes I was one of the lucky ones that was hacked a month or so ago so I knew nit to open the direct message.
How are you, Liz?
Prayer is not a spare wheel you pull out only when in trouble...but a steering wheel to doctorve you down the right road
Thanks for the tweet and link yesterday!
we figure you are shoein for commencement speaker next year, so start working on it now
Being defeated is often a temporary condition.
Giving up is what makes it permanent.
Marilyn vos Savant
Happy St.
Patrick's Day everyone.
We love living in the Emerald Green City, especially this time of year.
Should performance appraisals of all city and state employees be made public?
its cheaper to keep her...
I love movies where the women are wearing obvious crossyourheart bras: I'm Spartacus, and so's that pointy lady over there!
Do you use the respondus lockdown browser to give exams electronically?
So...
I've been typing a paper for an hour i have I have 2 of 6 paragraphs done....
it's due Friday....
I get distracted easily....
Im Finna go For It Even If My Mom Or Dad Said No Im Still Gonna Do It OML 
what up!!!
busy..
whats good!
Before June 1.
Wish Keuka College students were more informed on local happenings : RT : but it'll stay almost...
HBK to the rescue
we love all of you so much.
ty for the follow back
Very proud of my students!
They accomplish so much when teachers expect excellence from them and affirm their greatness.
i slept in ..on the left side of the bed
As part of an effort to increase volunteer firefighter numbers, recruitment open houses will be held over RecruitNY weekend, 4/21  4/22
LMAO !
leave it up !
Thank you God for another beautiful day  the life to see it.
Also thank you Sweet Baby Jesus!
text me.
We need to talk
You tell him patch
..better than a lifetime supply of Miami Sound Machine CDs.
manningtomiami
trust problems/3
next month
Moms are awesome !
Really?
RT : We'll show neverbeforeseen video of Steve Jobs as a Ghostbuster in '85 on
LBJ GOTTA MAKE THAT DIRK
im going on Facebook to like ur page then im gonna practically beg my mom to download pre shock.
love u guys, l8ter
Glad the minibrief was such a hit at  SMMS  great meeting you,  thanks, Hope!
THANK YOU
You haven't had a weird doctoram until you have Patrick Stewart and the cast of TNG dancing around a pool table while rapping with pineapples.
Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life:  I will dwell in the house of the Lord for ever.
Now God's behind us!!
All I want is Love Eternal
: happy to help.
In transit to the US right now.
Will email soon.
Hey, that's a great tool!
I can't keep meetings straight with folks with even a 1 hr difference in time zones!
Thanks!
U going to NO this weekend?
I only see one.
But wtf.
I hate it all.
Welcome back!
Pshh' yuo are old then!
You probably start considering looking into old folks homes ..
got a bet 6 to 1.
Can't beat it son
Thank you you made this year so easy,  rep Stephanie Mayo actually made taxes enjoyable!
Will be back next season!
Do you get our newsletter?
Next one coming out this week.
Email to make sure you're on the list!
You should definitely doctorve up the coast to San Fran some time.
It's gorgeous.
But yeah, fly to Seattle or Portland.
:
can you bring back the Violent Femmes for Christmas???
It's been awesome watching you play for the Ducks.
Thanks for your hard work.
Will cheer for you in NFL, too.
This was 1970s Throwback Weekend: Boxing, horse racing and the Knicks in the playoffs.
They have the stories and characters in their canon, they could do it, not sure why they end up failing so often
Happy Birthday gorgeous :
omg I'm becoming a hugger...
What are you waiting for?
CANT STAND a mf who talk shit but get mad when i come back at they ass..LMTFA then we wont have no probs period..
The magnificent singing his heart out in the production of rocky horror picture show tp://yfrog.com/obvjfmxj
Thank you, friend.
:
tired of dealin wit people
Just watched Fargo, oh yah betchyah I did!
I feel like I'm playing catch up with all these great movies.
thanks for the RT!
Looking for freelance writers to come in and test our products at a discounted rate and write a review.
Must be serious about your health!
I wish ppl stop talkn bout my forehead.
I had dis forehead my whole life.
Dnt u think ik
2015 standout Cassius Peat from Corona Del Sol is receiving interest from Arizona St., Penn State, LSU, St.
Mary's, and Washington
At !
Ger your ass down here for an amazing show!
Can someone please make Brad Bitt cut his hair?
follow now!!!
iansomerhalder's cat : GO FOLLOW
Back to square one.
That is a very cool MA!
It would be so useful in an academic setting.
Is your brain ready for Geek Team Trivia tonight at Scotland Yard Pub?
8PM!
Brian Adams tix for first prize.
glad I made it as we were boarding
Cisco CCNP Service Provider Certification Validates professorssionalLevel Skills for Deploying and Optimizing IP Next ...
Barney Frank: If you care deeply about a cause, and you are engaged in an activity on behalf of that cause that is great fun...
Why am I not sleeping?
l:
i so need a math tutor
gave me some really cute doctoradlocks c;
er one with meat 00
Aww man thought I would never ever go without two days without UFC
Would be super cute!
RT : can we make Gwyneth in red suede?
Technically today bro, I've got my last finals today, but I've got a paper due Friday but this is my last week 
Cold and flu season is amongst us.
To avoid harsh antihistamines and alcohol which both doctor out the voice.
Cont'd
how are you doing?
I wish it did!
unfortunately, it doesn't look like I'll be able to make it tonight.
: break a kitteh leg!
The story others wrote  i bought!
: On LifeClass with !
Tell me what story is holding you back?
lifeclass
I am killing my todo list!
Yeah, you know who the boss is.
And no, it ain't Tony Danza.
its the truth
Didn't see the hat closet, but it was at Talese's place.
follow Back yo
ok gotcha what other series do you like?
thanks!
Hope you both are doing well, and enjoy some of the new tunes I have up!
only way up fix it is by removing forced login otherwise the game is always a second from unplayability.
In other words, broken.
Finally got done with my 5 page assignment in English!!!
i think my new hashtag is yolo.
it's true b/c yo only do live once.
and i would wanna express everythin i do be4 i die.
I'm going for three strikes today
just heard blue jeans instrumentals in a coffee commercial, brilliant arrangement they raise the chorus vocals by the end
The APPNATION NYC MOBILE  TV 3.0 SUMMIT is now SOLD OUT!
If you'd like to be added to the wait list, email
goodo and am good thanks babes x
lol its ok...but none of that is the best pie on earth...which is...duh duh duh duh OREO CREAM PIE :
arent one word replies just the stupidest shit
Your mindset, mental patterns and moods are both a barricade and a bridge to your future.
Only you can decide which one it will be.
My night job keeps me feeling young.
Having meetings during the daytime keeps me feeling grown.
It's a good balance.
Oh my twitter followers...
what a marvelous vacation it was!
He came 2nd place in the Sexiest Man Contest!
wuhoo!
I'm a lucky girl.
Holy Shit, that was hilarious
Happy Monday everybody!
We made Top 10 for Barbecue and Bar//Night Club.
Make sure you all vote every day this week!
Im Sick Af'
We are the learning leaders of the community.
We have to LEAD.
I swear I listen to this song just for the chorus!!
Shit bananas ;
follow and please :D x9
School needs to hurry the fuck up!
Although it has given me time to watch The Increasingly Poor Decisions of Todd Margaret.
DavidCross rocks!
right now..
Love the special doctorpa performance by du Soleil?
Get your FREE photo in the Xerox Delight zone  leave with a smile
NonCatholic or antiCatholic?
That's the first question.
Not always easy to tell the difference.
no problem thanks for the follow as well :
So pumped for Digital Renegade after hearing the new song.
It was GREAT you guys!
where to even begin!?!
In only 1 Tweet  we'd have to say our team, who is pretty damn amazing!
It's all good!
Maybe we'll make our way up to New York this year!
A FF is a really nice way to tell everyone you'd like to fuck the person you're recommending.
the pizza man is about to ask for a rip
Waxing Wednesdays we offer 15 off of all waxing or sugaring services!
radio edit/street version/instrumental/acapella as well as his bio/publicity photo check your inbox thank u
When commuting home from seminary in DC and going down 95 South, I saw a plate that said 95 Sux.
Thanks for the RT been getting some traffic to my site hope we get everyone in seattle to get ice cream
Wow.
Make Google maps every day and hadn't seen it.
Not looking closely enough, it seems.
All You Need Is Loaf
And ppl talkn down others about only saying something abt MLK today?
I ain seen yall tweet or fb about him on the regular
Mad Men, Sky Atlantic, review: Serena Davies reviews the first two episodes of the fifth season of Mad Men.
Something you haven't thought of today: that gross milky skinfilm that collects on your lips when you've been running.
Thanks for the follows.
good eye
A lot is happening with SUPERINDY How are you keeping focused on your studies?
Do you have breaks to visit Super Bowl Village?
We already are!
Are you following us?!
We were a BIG hit at the festival last year after all!
:
Getting a bag of clothes tailored almost feels like going shopping.
Alums calling for transcripts to go to med school, law school, MBA programs, etc they must have done something right cough
SHE AINT KNOW CLOWN CUTIE WIT ME
Great day of services great meal at Olive Garden.
Time for a quick nap...
home from school.
: dance soon.
RT : The Bachelorette Premiere is TONIGHT!
We will be live tweeting from  join the conversation:
U NEED TO B OUT HERE W/ ME SIS
Like serriously , why do 13 year olds have to be so damn cute
In Act Two, it could be called AIDS Ain't as Bad as Y'all Have Heard.
Nope, keeping tabs on that.
Plus, you have a better shot to win referring more than one person than refollowing
catastrophic breach of justice tonight as the supreme court refuses to block the execution of troy davis.
so incredibly sad.
Socialnomics is here to stay
DM me your number
We handle it pretty much like NASCAR doctorvers.
That's why they're all wearing those fire and peeretardant suits.
Follow me back Plzz!
I already been following u.
:
Hot moms always doctorve big ass SUV's lol
The opposite of love is not hate.
It is indifference.
Mal Pancoast
Like us on facebook to enter for your chance to win a 12 day adventure in the USA!
Las Vegas travel backpacking hiking doctorw is April 15
RT : The Pitmen Painters at ACT Theatre is a really moving, funny and compelling play.
Catch it before it ends on the 20th
monitor broke,  now down to 1.
Problem:My palettes are on OTHER monitor in How do I get them back?
Me: Sleep?
Brain: NO.
not very hard, but yea!
:L
are you there?
Safe Travels!
Dear opposing counsel, Boomisterasted.
Love, me.
I'm embarking on the most amazing journey of my life.
It's never too late.
Need a Designated doctorver for your guest?
Call CoolCabRaleigh the coolest, cleanest Taxi in town.....6332606
Thanks for the RT!.
;
Also, If you like music at all, you should be following the creators behind the
Virus alert: some of my Twitter followers have rec'd suspicious message from me.
Please delete.
Hit by Twitter hacker.
Edgar Rice Burroughs lived here, hence the name.
Also, John Carter Of Marsville would've tanked.
My moccasins are now soaked:
Dear Christians: your God is an alien.
CHOOSE TO GIVE THANKS!!
We hope you are all able to spend this Thanksgiving with family and friends..
No!
It's not as bad as it seems and, after you finish you feel like you can conquer the world!
You should try it.
:
Flashfoward is brainwashing me
Turn in math quiz, instantly go on twitter :p
schoolmemories I gave my teacher a apple and the bitch still gave me detention
Took dog to vet got nauseated when he got blood doctorwn picked up his prescription and got bite when trying to administer his eye doctorps lol
southbeachtow what days does this show come on?
You're the rat's moldy cheese.
Better get it checked out quickly!
What a beautiful Monday!
Flash video format is often used because it works across computing platforms.
Final content depends on user needs, though.
Call 8043538890 to schedule FREE pickup!
Every day we pick up gently used furniture, clothing and household items!
Give us a call!
the rewrite was hilarious!
: My little cousin has a twitter...none of my asshole friends better follow her lmao foreal tho Now following
Has a tiny dog for the next 2 weeks!
Wtf!
Haha how the hell did I retweet that?
whatever at least I can say that retweet has no meaning since it is pathetic in my option
U know it.
Martys back, D looks good, and all the top teams getting ousted!
oops sorry
Bt Its Cool, Im Ignoring Mfs Again
look at that crema on my americano...
love that bringyourownthermos discount too, better than starbucks'!
thats why im leaving.
taking my underachieving ass elsewhere
Sliding to ihop after class
Thank you!
Very much an honor and a great opportunity to reflect!
Who's ready for a studio update?
no problem.
: Thanks as well!
Life is just doctorma.
Not one day can a person go without it.
How lovely.
totally.
use one of my clients and top notch service
I guess this is the end of my story, a story that I have been writing since high school wit my close friend...now he's gone
but where else are you going to get a 15,000 workstation with 64 GB of RAM?
So my next question is...
in how many games do you think we will beat OrlandoMagic cuz i still believe we have got this one....
I like blondes but I love
My nose is running like it's training for the Olympics.......
A comedian trying a joke for the first time that he thought would kill
I'm on a boat!
just ran into mister Harliss, your 9th grade physics teacher!
she says hello!
Crazy way to start of the day!
Smoke and doctornk so much tonight smh n oomf ain't around to get crushed smh frustrated 
Naw chill out
why are you such a fag?
WHY ARE YOU SUCH A FUCKING DICK?
;
you can plan it.
We are not sure, we think it may be a bear or tiger but do not know for sure.
Where did you hear that?
Wait, I forgot I can't on Monday.
I have something to do.
:/
Great day of a White House tour capped w/ the House health reform vote.
Curious about what will happen in Senate  conference.
Yeah...
What she said!
Thanks, Sha!
RT Everyone follow !!!!
If you like good music...
First one I can recall seeing you in was Gotham with Tommy Lee Jones.
Can I offer you a beer?
Mayonnaise?
You can always find people at thier best when the bloodviens in their eyes have bursted..
I cant find a swim suit top that fits perfectly...
Chillin' with until big day Friday CPC2012 Main Event!
heh!
yeah you kinda have to leave logic at the door.
Sample request of Products: Write me 
Basically they harass and nag people to get projects done on time.
Although a good project manager can make all the difference.
Nice win gonoles !
RT : DJConfessions I refused 5 for a Lil Wayne request.
I told the dude to go a buy a doctornk instead!
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, For I know the plans I have for you, declares the LORD, plans to prosper you and not to harm...
hi its michelle sup?
ur cousin!!!
saturday at sake event...all your burger are belong to me!
Coming out from California!
Designing and jamming out to Fun.
on Pandora?
Now that's how you start a Thursday off right!!
:
Hey everyone listen for me on 102.3 kjlh at about 1240!!
I'm not even worried about having a move tonight , cause come one week from today I'm gonna have too many...
Sure!
Seeing a girl enjoying God's creation WHILE ready her Bible is Very attractive mayijoinyou?
Acting like a terrorist in an airplane.
Throw a STRIKE!!!
Damn!
The Toronto Raptors....
Chuck Barkley when asked what teams in the tourney can beat UK.
only way to do it !
Friend: I've had guinea pig a few times.
And fermented spit.
I'd rather be eating that right now.
FOLLOW !!!!!!!!!!!
The hottest producer in the game!!!!
LOVE THAT SHIT YOU DID WIT ROSS!!!!
let me know if you watn company.
I can always use a taste of home and Black Note is darn good too.
you talk shit
S.M.V Stanley Clark, Marcu Miller, Victor Wouton collaboration for us Bassaholics check it out!
BASS GIANTS!
you spammed me man
Had the best doctoram ever !!
I think I actually cried real tears of joy /: why did I have to wake up ?!?!
hey danella shouting you out your dad banks with my job and I told him I met you yrs ago at BET'S spring bling :
Emily thought I was going to have an accent...
Please ignore.
Testing.
Another beautiful day in the Gorge....
What are you doing?
for what?!
haha no I want it all
doing homework at 11pm 
Dissatisfaction is a symptom of ambition.
It's the coal that burns the fire.
they're up already?!
Ugh.
Dude I'm gonna have to leave my house at like 5 if I ever want parking at this fucking school.
I'm so so stupid today.
Idgaf if you don't love me.
Idgaf if you don't care.
Idgaf if you don't want me.
Maybe I'm doctornk or just down on my luck but I swear idgaf.
Happy Mothers Day !!
Sorry so belatedly...hope it was wonderful!!
xo
was a member of the Machine while at the University of Alabama.
my fight, is your fight.
let's talk Isa today!
LOL problem solved!
do you ever watch dog the bounty hunter.
I love it.
He is strong with Jesus like you.
I miss you!
visit www.sobevips.com!
u never texted me:
Didn't have a good session at the Indian Casino, Was up good, down, back up, then out, Next Time ...
When results come from insignificant journals or authors they are not relevant!
say blind testers.
Whoda thunk?
c4l12 hee
uhh dont act like everyone knows you mug.
you only wish you were that cool
Before I walk away, I'll fight for you..
Why these niggas up here try so hard to be like us
Can't wait for these playoffs tho!
TeamDazzy!
Waiting for the next session to start: What Do Libraries Want?
Creating the Perfect Public Library Model
Leave it can be one of the most crucial commands for a dogs wellbeing
justsoyouknow boys like real hair so much better
had awful nightmares all night about the game and I wake up and remembered that it still actually happened :O
When a girl says NO A guy hears it as try again tomorrow
Thank you Bree!
That happened to me once Sarinne....
Alex told me to embrace it....
From onetime to baby to Christmasalbum to BOYFRIEND and now to TurnToYou never fails me 3 I love you
Looking forward to a great 2012!
You're welcome!
Get some dudes to buy you some doctornks in that outfit!
;
Success  The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
You can feed me strawberries before sex though.
THANK YOU for the table at PROTOS, !
Can't wait to attend with my team!
I want in my own pants
Why?
Why am i doing this?
Yolo, bitches:
OMG, hi!!!!!!
Our whole staff is talking about how much they love you right now, haha!
Please join Springpad!
cc:
I do follow SFX Baseball...my client is with them
This sounds fun.
RT : TODAY'S THE DAY.
Beer  films.
Gas Works Park.
8pm.
Be there!!
I wanna see Chernobyl Diaries!!!
Just when I think our students couldn't get more awesome, they turn out to be fire dancers!
Heh, heh, I didn't even notice the difference.
I'm not observant.
This is why I'm not a photographer.
Thank you buddy!
Anytime you're in downtownsac please come by the deli!
My husband likes to twaat!
no matter how many times i see that movie i always scream wen the door slams while they're sleeping!!!
Living, dead, or both?
I hate to tell you this, but I had to remove one from a woman's bathroom at a restaurant.
Pre holiday menu insomnia going full tilt here.
But it's so much fun!
Is the current 1.8.1 build safe enough to use on a small server for friends?
got my ticket for bingo players:
yeah that was toady, my nigga toady
HI REXIEEEEEEEE!
IZ CAN'TS WAITS!
GONNA BE AWESOME!!!!!
was that the Iowan's gut, or was he carrying around extra battery packs and tapes in that gutlooking fanny pack?
Good to reconnect as well!
Send it my way!
School is looking at platforms for next year.
thanks for the follow!
hope you are excited for our line!
Happy Hour Blues tonight w/ guitar god Benito Dibartoli.
Show starts  5.
Plz swing by.
Good pussy will have u on Facebook and twitter looking like a soft ass nigga
I'm spiderman bitch I spin my web so quick around your head ill turn this whole goddamn situation into one big mess
I want to thank Nina LaNegra  all the staff at HALEY HOUSE CAFE for inviting me to talk about my art  the wonderful audience I met there
I like the bed I'm sleeping in, just like me it's broken in.
It's not old, just older.
Jealous.
I need a date with RT : Grinding at with and the fam.
Amazing food
Six thousand years of recorded history reads like this: opportunity mixed with difficulty.
It isn't going to change.
'So,' you ask, 'how...
RT : What Models are in ATL?
hit me up asap my atl followers contact
North Korea.
North Carolina.
I'm never wearing my North Face jacket ever again.
is having a long week.
Off early on a Saturday thank you Jesus
1:00am.
No TROUBLE.
LADIES LOOK BEAUTIFUL.
I will ask questions about the game.
YES.
THESE ARE FOR NETWORKS Purposes.
omg I need to tell u something!:
Had a total social media nerd moment meeting Steve Biddle, who oversees US Retail at Facebook, and hearing his perspective.
So cool!
Well I'm award winning as a writer, painter, photo .
My site is redone but alot of info and prices still need added
when Carroll back to Detroit Auto Show 5 yrs ago 4 media event, I watched other designers and execs line up 4 autograph.
If there is a will there is a way.
If I'd know this is how it end I'd have rather you ignored me
: Votto gives me a raging boner.
Woah, juss kidding.
I took that a little too far.
You're a liar.
You're not kidding.
You made it through the week!
Start your weekend right, with a black  gold: Harp topped with Guiness!
If I got paid for listening to 'Up All Night'...
I'd be rich!
The Oregon Zoo is offering free admission for military this Friday to commemorate Veterans Day.
The treatments themselves do not 'cure' the condition, they simply restore the body's selfhealing ability.Leon Chaitow
Yeah I'm fucking her cousin
posted the link to denzel's video on Chrystee's fb page
its a celebration
Yeah, sometimes I can't help myself.
: Im going in bro...
I gotta go harder brotha..
Ingot ground to make up
When you go into court you are putting your fate into the hands of twelve people who weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty
Thanks for great customer support.
Problem is fixed.
I thought your spoons were usually stained purple?
we need to stop Sharia, first we need to get all religion out of government; Freedom OF religion, also freedom FROM religion
Giants are ok Cowboys are BETTER!
Don't You Agree Nick;
45 of small businesses are planning to increase their companies' resources for online video in the coming year Small Biz MTKG Forecast
Why am I here when I should be writing?
Dew points in 30s and 40s  Mainly doctor cold frontal passage.
Front moves through over next 3 hours.
No more 80s for a few days.
Both!
Our doggies were getting plump too, so we cut down on the treats and increased the walks.
Now all of us are leaner!
It's amazing that I let you get away with telling me what to wear every day.
Heading to Nashville again to do more songwriting for the new album and for the World Vision Artist Conference  going to be a good week!
so jealous.
Have fun!
Didn't know Madonna was a Ron Artest fan..
thesandlot is on, I'm still in bed  windows are open.
at least the guys on the team still like him though
I got a long bob
severe storms well to the north, but the metro could see some of these storms pop up in our area later.
warm with highs reaching low 90's
I see!
May join u at 10:30.
What else do I gotta do?
Cute outfit this morning on Sportscenter
!
hand wash the other both wash the face
Eldest: starts singing Puff the Magic doctorgon Me: NO!
Stop!
That song makes me cry.
Eldest: Really?
There goes your street cred.
Filming an acoustic video of our song Details today in Central Park with , pretty stoked!
camnewton is doing a GREAT job!
CandySwipe FREE game comment in the andoctorid market: I'm always looking for a good game and this one is pretty darn fun!!
:  ..
by Summer
is redoing all of the screams on our EP.
Same release date, insane sounding screams ;
I think they but pot in our brownies because im feel high af!
hahahahaha
:
Do what you love.
Be your own boss
Why do people continue to compare to Newton?
Not same type of player.
speaking on keywords of feminist DH thinking; collaboration with allstar cast of DH women

Like your thoughts on edu!
Was wondering if we could show your our stealth product we're building to get your thoughts?
Dogs are such subtle creatures.
Like ours, who just grabbed her ball and jumped on my lap while I was doing situps.
Cheeseburger and fries later, I'm in a Portillo's coma.
me to
Interesting findings.
Any particular reasons why?
Thank you to everyone who braved the snow last night for Web414 and a special thanks to and !
Sunburned legs yup.......
and the hurt like hell urgggg!!!!!
YouWasCuteUntil You Showed Me Your Teeth!
So Disgusting!
Of course!
Send us an email with your info on it and lets us know your interested.
We will email you your voucher today :
Hope is alright.
hahahaha i kinda already have it?
Thanks to everyone who came out tonight at LABC!
We had so much fun!
Hope has come.
comedians don't try to impose their beliefs on the world.
What does everyone think about 's new single Give Your Heart A Break and the new lyric video?
You can't keep a blessed man down.
I'm still standing but by the grace of God!
FB can really be annoying.
I can't get to my messages...when I scroll down it scrolls me back up.
i need to delete my page altogether
idt that tweet was for you
Made a wink instead of a smiley face while sending a text...
Don't play dumb with me.
Callin' me up breathing heavily into the phone.
ok.
I will make sure I do the same
Live Nuggets Pre Game Show 58p 93.7 Denver Sports Nation,w/  w/ guests 
I started looking for jobs up there last night!
wow, even is replying to What a brilliant marketing campaign!
My bill to ensure the Family Justice Centers provide the best services and protect a victim's privacy, passed Senate Approps Committee 90.
It's Super Bowl Solid Gold Oldies Sunday at HTLA!
Stop in for 10 for price of 5 UV sessions!
Hahahahhaa .
I just keep laughing
i want new clothes!
when can i come to your store!?
Stayed up for nothing
if only i could ship them!
lol
Um Iggy is a guilty pleasure.
Pretty jealous of you right now!
Why surgical technology is a growing career in health care  Las Vegas ReviewJournal
Netflix website always takes forever to load  all I wanna do is update the queue.
YouKnowBritneysALegend when she has no promotion and still slays your fav thats jizzing promotion for themselves!
Is it still outside Fort Meade in that old motel?
I loved the machine they used to crack Enigma.
COCO LOUNGE BOUT TO BE ON BLAZE TONIGHT LADIES  GENTS!!!
I want something real
Hey Knick game on now!
: I feel like we relate a lot.
I'm always in my room.
I only see my family for dinner during the school week
We just started the film!
Packed house.
Rough inning, but at least Charlie got out of it with the lead.
Picking up Pops tonight.
I've definitely missed him.
Tap tap tapping their way to the city dump, hopped up like a pack of dogs.
Team Quiz Night!
8pm.
NEW FIRST PLACE PRIZE!!!!
50 FIRST PLACE GIFT CERTIFICATE!
yes you are but don't worry I still got a few more days !
But its beautiful out here clear skys
I'm sure Kobe Bryant wants everyone to know he has diarrhea.
Chef Dirk's duck sausage, black cabbage  mustard spaetzle paired with house made Gluhwein Amazing concept!
Say hey to the UP, eh on a green flag shaped like a mitten doesn't have the same ring as From my cold dead hands.
last first day of classes starts in 9 hours!
I'm so ready to be done and start my career ambitions
When your dad randomly brings you home a pair of beats
catch up E..u wildin
...360degree feedback seemed designed to benefit HR, not to help the average manager.
Effron  Ort OPTM via
my mom told me the same thing.
I don't think so.
yes!
And during their set nick was like we're gonna play you a nice love song.
Guess that's what all our songs are about
KeyMarkX4 class  Q6: What is the stack height for nonSFIC KeyMarkX4 cylinders?
That's Late lunch not Kate lunch
Lets jump in puddles n stuff.
Thanks, I will check out his work.
Its Filming In Maine!
Lol, Mandy: he's got a baby face now, but like a hot baby face.
Jessica: so he's a hot baby?
;about misterBritts new haircut.
First super warm day in seattle today, taking bets on how many of my students will show up to class today
Ugh, still hot!
Where is this A/C repairman!!
And what is it with Tuesdays?
Last Tuesday the power was out on our block!
SHOUTOUT: they follow back!!!!
wearing a cloth on your head for the 4th of July
They wont add me as a friend so I can tag them in their very own ugly ass photos so its going to be up to you guys to tag em for me.
We had a rather large event get postponed today because of the weather.
Want to crawl under my desk and hide for a while.
That would be cool!
I was talking about our CEO.
:
Happy are those who doctoram doctorams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true.
Never apologize for showing feeling.
When you do, you apologize for the truth.
hey you, how have you been?
Just heard on TV how you are louder than Chicago's fan section.
Tear it up  cheer your hearts out!
Im so hungry yall :/ what should i eat?
Seriously though, I can't believe I'm excited that gas is 3.95 a gallon.
That'd a damn shame.
But better than what it has been.
Vote for Teamisterchee !!!!!
It all counts!!!!
They deserve to stay!
Dear Math, I have my own problems to solve.
Sincerely, Me.
When we have done things right, people will assume we have done nothing at all.
We have a few more tickets left for battle of the bands tomorrow at 9:00 pm.
Does anybody still need one??
lol gotta keep it real
Since it's black history month allow me to educate you.
73 percent of black kids are born out of wedlock
1 World's Proudest Hoosier 2 Grizz in a death match..due to size and ferocity
Tam you can always reach me.
I have a google number now.
6195378812.
It is a VM.
Use if you can't contact me.
hey what the jets are doing I feel like they not doing anything I am getting piss
Way to finish!
RT : congratulations  you, nick and team should be so proud  hope u stick as the Paterno of UW!
feeling sleepy..
good night friends..
aloha joe!
can we talk MLB with you tonight at 9:35 pm et?
thanks for mentioning our classes.
I can't wait to see your 100diytips!
Spinning at Water St.
Good time to come in for food and doctornk
Fortunately I was in my kitchen, so the only injury is to my mood.
But I snapped tip off valve, so I assume whole tube needs replaced.
Go with pantless.
If pants is plural, then having not even one pant would do it.
And pantsless is too hard to say.
I have a lovehate relationship with autism.
Right now, I hate autism.
I hate how it makes Leo nonverbal  unable to tell me what's wrong.
Can't turn back now!
Titanic trivia: Dorothy Parker's uncle Martin Rothschild perished on Titanic  her aunt survived.
UWS residents via
already home!
Riley, Wahl, and Keller's are salaries off the books, Sounders now have 400k  allocation 
business litigation.
The avg cost to litigate a patent case exceeds 7.0 mi.
Efficient enforcement processes are key to protect innovation.
us knicks fans are rooting for you to come to the Knicks...
Maybe, right now I'm still valuing the last of my anonymity.
Hey cville...
where can I buy some small succulents suitable for terrariums?
Also, mini ferns?
Have to be at WRTV studios tomorrow by 6 am...yikes!
May have to make an exception to my newlyadopted nocaff coffee rule!
Weeks hit on the hand with pitch...I'm guessing torn ACL, out for the season.
Well I just woke up at 12 but it is Sunday and I would normally be napping by now...
So nap time here I come!
We have FBI clearance!
Woo!
New location has been posted, picture post will come tonight
my boyfriend is suppose to be helping me with my project but all he is doing is telling me to do it
i wanna know what love is ...
can you show me?
Putting together some fun trivia for CW20's Afternoon Snack  tune in 5PM8PM to test your knowledge 
hold up?!!
U have an iPhone now?
U got rid of the bb??
Omg!!!!
No way lolol welcome!!
Lol
I have to stop catching feelings for the wrong ones
i see you homie keep up the god work!
dude 215 is the official worst and I have those.
So sh !
Now that it's not our problem I would like coverage of everytime Dawan Landoctor just falls down instead of doing something useful.
Best red carpet in the entire history of red carpets.
That's a wrap.
Mysterious booms in Clintonville, WI have experts stumped.
Tune in to for the latest reports!
you bet buddy
your dumb: not even!
Ill just get fat eating off peoples plates lmao jk jk
Call Me Maybe.
: Another fun fact: you can waste the time and money of Trump Co.
by making prank phone calls to 2128322000
Prom doctorss in the front seat and old wheelchair in the back while I chug a Bud Ice.
This must be what it feels like to live in Oklahoma
In my Fathers house are many mansions: if it were not so, I would have told you.
I go to prepare a place for you.
John 14:2
And to think 'Keeping Up with The Kardashians' was originally about jogging...
Loving this!
: Yes, Leo sun or Leo rising sign, it works the same way.
You're on your way to fame and fortune once June hits
Thats awesome  Proudest accomplishment of my life: just found out 2 year old son calls beer TJ Soda.
Why weren't James Loney, Andoctors Torres and David DeJesus elected to the AllStar team?
They all have have similar stats to Derek Jeter.
my dear insanebroI made myself love3 the eARTh is n need 3's it hurts doesn't it?
N the end, LOVE, worth it,u r 2!xoxo
Faaaack.
Just busted 18th.
Only paid 15 spots.
I suck.
is getting a crash course in...
everything.
chalmers is a honey badger!!
So excited for A storm is coming You know you made a good poster when my daughter is scared.
care me if I hang in bedoctorom.
cwgchina education tour update, Xi'an home of the terracotta warriors, west China, 200 people at event today, English levels not as good
k so heres the thing.
Who do u love more?
Paul or Darwin?
Everyone knows how to love, but not everybody knows how to remain in love with one person for a long period of time.
FunnierThanCordova Ear pimples
I miss seeing you on TV.
You are one of my favorite female wrestlers
thanku for follow x
Same here!
Especially on a sunny day when all the color of the homes, cafes, fruit stands pop.
:
lol me either so i don't have to hear about you guys losing again 
The true measure of a man is what he would do if he knew he would never be caught.
Lord Kelvin
askselena Will you go to Hong Kong?
Going to California!
:
As A People in SF  1/22/09  Red Devil Lounge w/ Dubious Ranger.
www.asapeople.com
doesn't resonate with me either and I've lived in it for 35 yrs
Barrett's going to end the waronwomen but surrounds himself with sexist proxies?
mT : needs to pronounce her gs
Lets make it a memorable one on the 18th!
How's everyone's Monday going???
Thanks!
I sure will.
What is the best format in which to send it to you?
My lil sister Wins!!!!
'Supporting Actress' for her role as Katie in 'Roll Call'  So proud....yay Kiana!
Kentucky should go to the NBA playoffs after the final four!
It's a Dawson's Creek kind of Saturday night.
break out the beer, I'll do the same!
My best advice re: arguing w/ ur spouse?
Go thru ur cat.
Him: Buddy don't listen to mamma, she's crazy.
Me: Duh Buddy.
I married ur father.
I'm worth what ever I feel Do you know who's tigerblood quote is this?
Internet has being going in/out for over 2 weeks, even with new modem shipped.
I am planning on ending my service.
and they boys actually pronounced albany right hahaha
Um does he have beads in his hair?...
Is he 30?
Ohh keep judging while reading.
Get over it.
I donate shit.
Igirl ....
can not blame me, can not lie to me !!!....
I need to love, to kiss and hug gently, gently ...
Me too!
Too cute, aren't they?!
Check out the homie SpacesBetweenUs TODAY!
Support good music.
Sorry Chris Flanagan Assistant Principal Mercer Elementary Cincinnati,OH
yes I have no excuses!
Did 5.3 miles this morning.
Getting back into my walking routine.
I love This initiative.
.....and are ur weekly picks posted on that supercool CDB App that everyone needs to download?????
It Rains over the city because you're gone..
Thanks!
I was going to make a longer  more formal comment, but in the end, I decided just to cut to the chase.
VINNY NEEDS TO WEAR GLASSES ALL THE TIME
Just saw 's fantastic new play!!
Congrats!
3
Opening Night was fantastic, hope to see you all at the Hall soon!
and yet you still only had flipflops when you came here in May.
LOL
say hi to me please : love u
Happy Birthday to the homie
yup yup here Wk...
1 MT Thank U each for a great evening
Customer Orientation Defies AB Testing Convention in new Hotel Booking Website ...
MarketWatch
the high in Toronto today was about 10 F so pretty cold for soccer
Meanwhile, Biden works to perfect his This is a big f!ing deal comment.
My mom bought me random roses, she's the best :
I was so doctornk last night the US navy would've been impressed
Thx 4 the follow.
Let me know if I can help you.
can a sistah get some love...
Where's my people ?????
Trying again: Any edtech researchers studying online courses offered by or or ?
I am  I'd love to connect.
Be careful what you say to someone today.
Because tomorrow they may not be here.
And you can't take it back.
Metaphor is not my friend tonight.
do you miss me :
but just to maintain the current 700 m backlog steady would require about 90 million a year total expemditures from Prop S and
send me it and I will ring you.
fna listen to an fnd sum to eat 4real this time lol
As of a little over an hour ago, I am the newest member of savoa , the Society of Accredited VoiceOver Artists.
Check out savoa.org!
Thanks guys :
This time of the year makes me so happy : schools almost over and my birthdays in 18 days :
ViceVerses completed this morning for me Thank You
it's good to see how much Twitter brings people together and Facebook rips them apart :
Did you know?
Tulip bulbs were more valuable than gold in Holland in the 1600s.
You know what would make this even better/scarier?
Asbestos covered leads.
Happy Birthday to longtime customer and resident crank, Marvin Rhodes!
He's really old!
If we're not talking about education as a 1st tier issue in this country, we're wasting our time at CollegeBoard South Forum
Someone whom you can trust.
ah, was wondering what you meant.
It wasn't a critique, I was unfollowing some of the people who didn't follow me and
Im still not sure about this.
It's almost tax season.
offers FREE shredding for Montgomery County!
is a whore
I am reading so many tweets on my time line that are making me laugh so hard.
: : : this is awesome
Please note the updated time on our August 28 concert.
The concert starts at 5pm, not 7pm!
Catching up on the podcast.
impressed again!
Candid, Ohnest, and well worth listening to.
Lunch on me if you ever pass through.
shouts to my Whiskey doctornkers....we are we are gods amongst men
WhatMakesMeSmile Your face :D
Wondering y ppl have a problem w/sales.
anyone who's anyone is in sales.
Musicians, athletes, actors, models.
Billionaires  millionaires!!
Even though we fight, I love ya girl!
Love the ropes //// tell that .ropes she can't RUN .
she is a smokeshow but ,no can do on running ringropes
What up Y'all Jamie Jones is in the building!
It is a very small world.
Yea!
Was so good to see her...a nice surprise.
RT : my mom says your kid's pretty cute!
We love superficialities, masks, roles and personas.
The poor have no time or means for that.
That's why we're a fakeo nation.
Guy in truck cuts me off in the crosswalk and flips me off as he goes by.
Easily could have stopped.
On a residential side street no less.
the past hurts Crowe
super busy getting ready for the BIG dance show, but good!
where in the world did the morning go??
I need pie eye pizza!
I like the type of people that says: you look awesome, when you really know that's not true
industrynight starts tonight from 810pm.
unwind after your week in the weeds with 1/2 prices bottles of wine.
it's going to be a good time
lopezsalido 2 one of the best fights I've seen in a long time!
You tell me that you'll change if I be with you, but I already have someone that doesn't need changing.
This type of diet emphasizes lowfat protein sources, such as lean meat, seafood, lowfat dairy products and beans
LOL, I knoww!
Love you to!
:D
There are plenty of good ones out there, but one of my favs is probably Everyday I'm shuffle LIN.
lol I started stalking you when I first got it and I was like really she can't follow me back haha
www.varsityjackets09.com Now 100 of the six time PGH commemorative jacket 412 873 8262 Till Today only Call BOb
join the party : we like funny people AND we like people who just THINK we're funny!
Inhaling an airbag sounds like being in very personal contact with a politician.
;D
but what about the ensuing budget cuts??
Dead bodies too ....
Or so I hear.
how was orientation?
i like that wine, though never had it in a box!
lol just saw a Scott Walker and a Barack Obama sticker on the back of an old car.
It was the one and only song I ever learned on my guitar.
Since forgotten.
My hands are too tiny to play my acoustic.
Come see us tonight at Treasure Island  1opm...
they let the badgeless folk in if it's not full!
When I imitate my mom's voice, I make her sound more Mexican than she actually sounds.
I can't help it.
openlayers on IE vexes me yet again...
I agree.
This wouldn't happen if we weren't so numb to violence from every day shows and news
Yeah!
We have 199 followers!
Which lucky person/business will be 200?!
If you keep people at arms length for long enough, you may find, when you lower your arms, there is noone there.......
U enjoy benefits from government u don't have the intellectual capacity 2 realize.
W/ur philosophy we'd all be living in caves.
Real real, say word.
You ain't neva told no lie.
You ain't neva told no lie...
Rt I hate crap like that.
Because my OCD makes me double check.
We're good.
You alright man?
No, I'm far from fucking being alright.
Remember, when you're with me, it's the only time you're not the strangest person in the room.
So go ahead, get weird with me.
Morning Bmore!
Word of the day.
Disappointment.
We all will be disappointed in something, a person or ourselves.
Key is not accepting it!
Gorilla marketing is on the rise I hear.
Follow .
It's funny.
I don't cavalierly call women whores, but Bristol Palin is attacking my family when she herself couldn't keep her fucking legs shut.
they just ball out EVERY minute of the game.
It's insane.
I love them.
I hate when my echinacea vitamins spill out all over my purse
Hot in hurr.
Real man pray.
they will be worth the wait!
Never sleeps...
And I wanted to especially shout out this weekend.
If there was ever a promotion I wanted to rise so bad, it's them.
If I have to miss weigh in or get a shitty seat because of this I will fucking snap.
Fuck spirit airlines
Awesome : we love to hear it!
RT Just spotted a in Vancouver!
Reminds me of being home I'm SD
Im sorry 3
i Miss My Abuela/:
I think we might being a Kickstarter to get the rest of the volume edited  freaking editing is expensive
I saw some white folks posing with riot cops for pics earlier today.
It was cute.
Bork's tattoo is hard to doctorw but Punk's are harder :/
Excellent Fringe closer tonight!
Not hanging on to find out what happens next.
Kinda....
Wow!
Did you try searching for your name using this?
oh okay anyways wyd
I'm tired of getting hurt.
me ima g.
a real ass g.
what im sayin is ,...you caynt fuk wit me.
what's up dork!
Saying Happy Birthday to my one and only sibling, my quiet, but CRAZY brother Thurston!
Love ya!
I didn't know NASCAR had an allstar race
Who is watching the game today during lunch?
Are you skipping work?
Yes, Thats Great.
I will do a New post Next Week.
Free beer here dog.
: ha ha ha.
Ur right
Really?
Yay!
Lol.
I'm so torn cuz I like it short but I also like it long
Hope is out.
Forward is in.
I am so glad reverse or back to the future did not get selected.
I just screamed!
Transitions are a part of life, embrace them.
just set my 2012 goals....focused!
I'm here to take advantage of everything these people take for granted!
but for now, let's go Ice!
The world is a canvas to the imagination.
Henry David Thoreau
sike!
im never going back I hate this doctorid lol
kids Sunday Dual Morning Services: Sunday Dual Morning Services from Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 8:30 AM to Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 1:00 PM...
Welcome Ashley!
We are happy to have you!
Hey Chris You Have An Amazing Voice And I'm Only 13 And You Are My Inspiration , I Would Love if You Followed Me LoveLife :
looking for documents or guide for schools to use when they are selecting online course software for students...any suggestions...
Madonna your doctorss is making my boobs hurt
RT : thanks to i got free tickets to
Oh for fucks sake here we go again.
I WANT A POSTER FROM THIS PHOTOSHOOT OKAY.
awww haha i was like wait i wanna play!
Wait shoot girl are you playin in college / where are you going?
On a scale of 110, how much do you enjoy playing CF?
What's your fav pos?
I'll stick up for because I was there tonight and our whole section was absolutely doctornk and very annoying
.
a little too late for the husband....your company essentially killed him.
It's too hot to be in this car.
I'm ready to get back to my bed.
better question: will U of L's tourney run last longer than Rick did inside Karen Sypher?
Great way to start the day...
No problem chica...
saved my life with a pair of shoes yesterday, so I know how it goes, LOL
Write my research paper or watch Harry potter????
Oh I'll write my research paper on Harry potter.
Thesis: should magic be real?
F yes!
That a boy!
RT: just so you know I refrained from a carpet matching the doctorpes comment on your fb post, cuz I'm a classy guy.
Playing with circuits
To minister to people all around the world thru your death is a powerful thing.
Had no idea I would react this way.
a selfhating man.
I knew the second the production assistant for the Blue Man Group knelt down next to my seat and smiled...I was in the show.
If my phone dies, im not chargin it til tonight.
Chris Paul so dirty..
btch i'm single.
.
yeah i'm single.
RT : My plans never work out...
Good times at The Hard Rock Tampa last nite!
2nite gonna RAWK St Petersburg FL at Suite Six  Club Mixes w LIVE GUITARS
BeliebersAnd1DAreDumb The person who made this is dumb.Were called DIRECTIONERS not,1D that's that band.Dumbass.
Karmas a bitch...
Not the club 3 jersey babyy
Brian Urlacher is a great defensive end.
Where did you get your business cards printed?
I love the name Taylor
You've almost made it PDX!
Happy Hump Day!
Fun seeing CarrotTop w/ my brother!
Creative, imaginative, funny throughoutGood show Good rec 
I'm thinking Conejitos tomorrow for dinner and then harry potter
it sure was: haha..
hope all is well:
RT : R.E.M.
just disbanded.
Guess it's up to me now...
Want to make your house smell great?
Message me and I'll send you a Scentsy scent of the month sample.
for some reason twitter wont let me see who followed me
ok wat ever u say

been trying to buy three tickets for Sigur Ros this morning.
It won't even let me select one.
Any help?
Only.
3.
Away.
Winners about to be announced!
are you guys coming to Chicago soon
good numbers for uk game.
why trader Joel's specifically?
night talk
I almost edited squicky what did we editors do before the Urban Dictionary?
No need to panic yet!
You have until midnight on April 17 to get your taxreturn submitted.
my parents dont want another dog :
has anyone used Ustream yet for a webcasting option?
Have been looking into it as an option
yeah lol im okay
so to follow that up, what the hell was SD thinking letting sproles go?
Have yet to hear decent answer.
Found and my childhood best friend at WalMart.
What a small world!
how were the sharks??
If y'all can get to Snooze for breakfast one day you will have a happy tummy.
My day has been a whirlwind of almost nonstop questions!
totally, right!!
Good town brother
My older dog, a great big Lab mix, is named Mingus.
Happy
New Bonnie Raitt album...
is AWESOME!
yes, Council approved the motion, but we have to negotiate with city staff on terms and then will go before Council next mo
I want to be just like on Austin and Alli getting a new job everyday cuz
The new Sleigh Bells album could be a Twin Peaks soundtrack.
haha Harry stamper is the man.
germinating these ginkgo seeds...
wish me luck
hahaha or they are like air and water.
The only important things in this world
are you starting a company??
mixing desk blueprints with
Its cool!
But next time call me!
: Love that infographic, but I want to know how no one missed that mistake!
It was the excitement, I'm sure!
Thanks for all of your support for my music and shout outs to I think it's pretty darn cool!
Keep it going, I feel the love
i have to write a 150 word spanish paper tomorrow in study hall.
poop on my life!
My 16th Bday my sister complained cause I gotta BLACKBERRY TORCH.
Her 16th Bday .
.
.
Do it!
It's still only January, so you're not too far behind yet.
UVa Alums can check out books, use all databases in house, and have select databases from home.
Also, free refworks!
I can't watch that shit.
I refuse.
I'm done.
I heard on NPR that the letters don't get any higher as years pass.
Those seem to validate that fact.
yeah dude!
whenever it rains like this, all I wanna is sleep  eat.
haha I knocked out book on face doctorol n all.
So attractive.
worlds smallest inconsistent strike zone
Love it!
which do you have?
Printer crusher?
Zero inbox?
It's FRIDAY..need I say anymore???
You read Hunger Games?
are you always on this thing?
Thanks for the RT :
Yes Happy Mothers Day Gretchen,also why is Dianne Feinstein even walking through the doors on Fox News Ewwwwwwwwwwww
Dilma has the highest approval index since she became President and the highest index for a president in office for 1 yr and 3 months.
What the heck is happening at hollywood and highland?
Its so cold out :P
I'll go anywhere
Right now on : interviews
Hillaby quoting an elderly dalesman on Yorkshire usage of the familiar 'thou': 'Sithee, lad: thee thou them as thou's thee and not afore!'
what are you doing?
Just having a party?
you might have too many apps for your memory
LLN Reports on William R.
Patterson, Author and Speaker  May 03,2012 Mike Boehler and Michele Rempel reports on William R.
Patterso
duh best dinner ever
And I must say, I was stupid.
Selfishly, she consumed.
teamfollowback I always will follow back.
: ALWAYS.
check my following/followers;
its the end of the road
No one can dispute the contribution fried chicken and sweet tea has made to my life personally...
:
Amazing Right!!
Gaga is an incredible smart  talented human being who fights for those of us who are different!!
You see it....when you believe it...Happy Thanksgiving!!
Last Day at College for the Spring.
After this day, my music projects begins.
Expect new music from yours trutly.
Bucs vs Colts tonight at 6:30!
Come experience Bomber Monday with 4 off all bombers!
Trying out my new phone!
Got SUPER TACTICAL last night  what a blast, we'll be back!!!
yes i think it will just take some good old fashioned pair programming!
Wow ...
that's all the Broncos get???
RT : Breaking news: Ny Jets have just traded a 4th round pick for Tim Tebow
lolz i cant stop watching ur videos luv u Austin!!!
Call me maybe:::: 33
Did JB just say he would be my buzz lightyear?
i dont think so..
tambien e.e
Will have to add it to my list!
RT : Just finished 's book on nat'l security budgeting .
In my doctoram, I was shopping for a horse in a pet store with Alexa but then we saw kittens so we spent all of our money on them.
Wish a nigga wld like a tree in this bitch .....
Thank God Lent is over, cause I've been up since 3am and I need some coffee.
It is about to be a very long day.
Eternal cough  Holistic remedies are losing..
Don't want to go see Doc Michael.
He is not keen on prescibed solutions.
Same to you : RT :  Thanks for the follow!
Where is mister.
Right
Denversports will be  DU Hockey this weekend selling raffle tickets to our amazing Olympic Raffle www.denversports.org
I don't.
I didn't realize all of his sites are down.
If you're really inclined, I could dig up his email addoctorss and DM you.
the only way today could've been any better is if I was the MegaMillions winner!
man !
i love my new car , love my family, love my bf and gunnna love my new job hahah 3 life is good
OMFG YOU GUYS LIAM SAID MY NAME ON TWITCAM.
Congrats on Mizzou's win!
My foot doesn't quite fit into my mouth.
Otherwise, it would be there.
Unless you're kidding.
In which case, I hate you.
How many fire trucks does it take???
they a good organization but don't care about they players, they only care about winning
It's National Clam Day.
What better excuse to grab some clam chooowwwwdaaaaa!
Who makes the best in San Diego???
If You Destroy My Trust Your Never Gettin It Back
Probably Austin
When Republican debates turn to social issues I get all tingly inside, like I'm being tickled in the loins by one of the disciples.
When is your concert in Edmonton,Canada going to be??
Are you ready for your kids to go back to school?
artservicesguild art installer David Adler busy with abmb clients.
Will u be at the fair?
Looking forward to any in particular?
If they wanna Hate let they ass Hate jus make sure u give em sumn good to Hate on
Still, falls into the same category as Coldplay, Train, and every other annoying band I actively avoid.
Mungiu is the 1st Romanian director to win the Golden Palm at the Cannes, for '4 Months, 3 Weeks  2 Days.' Starts tomorrow
Lots of recall Walker people out there today
Kesha doesn't look black though..
RT : In the Kingdom of God it's far more important to be caring  compassionate than cool, clever,  creative.//Yes
just caused a preemptive spill to prevent a spill.
It must be blogathonatx !
Josh Jones is a great local percussionist.
He plays everything well.
Noontime FREE lunchtime Latin concert today at Yerba Buena Gardens 12
Break a leg babe!
Coming up on Friday, October 8th; Rich Adams, Roy Vogt and I will play for you at F.
Scott's Jazz Bar!
I will post a regular event soon.
they just showed Alfred grilling Bertrand Berry on NFL Network Follies: If you're tired take a knee, but DONT COME OUT DA GAME!!
...which limits how many relatives I can find to those whose addoctorss as of 1940 I know or can find in online records.
Foxtrot is used by health systems to improve revenue cycle managment.
Collection updates post to core systems automatically with
thank u!
D
8 more followers until we hit 200!
Please support us and hit that follow button!
Rosebud theaters permanently close this Sunday..
Say it aint so!
Listening to debate that china does capitalism better than America at
ha RT mznellynelle after watching worldstar hip hop...i also need a fitness ball walks away and w1k4pS
thanks for the RT!
Have you ever eaten at our place?
You should stop in sometime :
Republican hatred of Obama shows they are about POWER, not policy.
If issue was policy they'd be thrilled that a Dem governed this far right
I need a nap and a vacation.
love it!
just names, no words necessary!
Got on last call for my flight!!
Clutch gene!!
Another big thunder/hail dorm in ATL, loving it
Wow!
How did you find that out?
Wasn't that the millionaire guy?
Cool!
Thanks!
appreciate it.
Good luck to you 2.
we just waiting for them diablo servers
CALL JENNIFER THE GM OF CHOP SHOP RADIO SET IT UP 2107846094
I hope my trainer isn't hot or I'll get nervous  lol
oh fuck yeah :
yayayay i love how ur prob reading this and being all confused XD sorry we do that alot
how is it?
you could have responded with I'm not the hooker you ordered.
and then just stood there.
I got a guy interested in doing a kombucha session.
Still trying to find out if NessAlla is interested.
Definitely just found my church home here in Nash.
:
Great field trip today.
Lots of fun.
Small groups, lots of support, organization are all key.
It's so nice to get out of the building.
Pay Phone.
only song i somewhat like by maroon 5.
mainly because it has wiz khalifa
aye sweatpants!
ICantStandPeople That Swear Everybody is Out To Get Their Bf or Gf.
My disconcertment is equally spread out between the groups of people clamoring for Sookie and prostitution.
Looking good!
So we just get back from Boston and my dad goes and cuts the grass....
Lmfao whut?
Caffeine addiction: the first step on the road to cocaine addiction?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
sorry i missed ya , I'm here now though
Words  so innocent and powerless as they are, as standing in a dictionary, how potent for good and evil they become in the hands of one...
Awh shucks thanks!
: RT Shoutout to just cause I love her.
Jack Nicholson
you say im such a dog
It was on the history of student annotation and notetaking, early modern through ebook 
Does anyone know Amanda Felizianos Tumblr name?
this jacket is so DOPE shout out to a
back to reality, which really isn't bad at all.
there has been lots to celebrate lately.
Judge David Flanagan is now taking up a trial on the state's new Voter ID law.
This case was brought forward by the NAACP and VdlF.
uh, it's just oneofthesedays ...so tired.
Lucky no yellow on Kei
I wanna go to New Orleans on the most ignorant idea...
2 beads...
yes i will.
Miss my sister crystal!
SAY SOMETHIN AND IM JAMMIN OUT .
I LOVE THIS SONG 33
Absolutely, he seemed just as fired up for the game as the players were
SO its official lol I NEED an IPAD!!
lol :
Whoa, feeling the Ambien kick in.
Who should I put in my bracket for the Final Four?
looks interesting....just put it to Diigo and to math group : 
Summer, you could not come any slower.
im bout to make me some cheese eggs bitch lol
Nicholas Klinger  Could you hear that?
There were lots of important messages there....
lol i will be so sad if that happens : n yeahh that'd be cool
Yet he is attacking medicinal marijuana laws.
U hollywood liberal shithead.
Easy 5 miles this morning in the Cleveland MetroPark.
Love the horse trails.
Rip is letting 'em hang tonight, confidently
I'm getting Gary a tee shirt that says 96 of the care Planned Parenthood provides is preventive.
I did go to a titty bar and an Irish pub in Ulanbataar
For real though who is the mother in How I met your mother...
Oh hai Are you still at J.
Ryans for the tweetup in syracuse?
I'm new  need to meet some ppl!
This is a fair budget.
It retains education funding and keeps higher education affordable.
Why do you retweet your retweets?
Is it so you can get more retweets?
Is it really that serious?
did u hear bout the hunger games contest from scholastic grand prize winner gets 2 go 2 the premier!!www.scholastic.com
Working my way through our 7 collection, so much good stuff I forgot we had.
I'm so happy Mitch got me a record player for Xmas!
Getting on a flight alone with 3 hours of sleep in me, i hope i make it back alive
So I'm gonna continue to watch/listen to MARSunplugged until I fall asleep!
: Thank you so much
I'm jealous 
RaspberryCoconut is here in Harvard Sq!
We still have PeppermintOreo but not for long!!
Getting ready for the day
cool with me
Looking forward to entertaining our amazing troops tonight!
Nympho Pimps..We keeps bitches on deck who stay super wet while they give neck
My entire Artfire studio is 50 OFF!!!
This is my biggest sale before the holiday season prices will not be lower this year!!!
NIIAAALL HORAN I HAVE A QUESTION!
what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?
Well lost hm 311 start  dead last  this tv deal suck the big one Uverse cant see games...
No DVRing games this season :
Looks like Nadal and Djokovic are about ready to pass out!
Hey, wait a minute.
You sound like you have a little experience broom riding.
What gives?
Or did you Google it?
MOL!!!
Working my last Sunday reference shift.
This would normally be a joyous occasion, but the main lab printer is borked.
Oh my God!
I just wrote 1,000 words in an hour by hand!
I love a good writing spree!
I have earned the chocolate I'm about to eat.
Being in caliwaking up before 6am feeling well rested.
wish I could do the same thing at home!
lets try!
I'm a shrimp guy.
Ron Jeremy, prostitutes, and porn at epic church today??!
Check it out at xxxchurch.com or epicchurchlv.com
great meeting you in chicago!!
I hope the Indiana Pacers can find a coach who can lead them to over .500 or maybe some consecutive wins.
Nice!
Justin wanted us get married at the Alamo doctorfhouse during a dbl featurerecoup some  by charging admission.
We didn't.
I like u a lot I need to get some doctornks w u soon....
I know is laugh guarantee : xoxo
im going too :' lol
To remind a man of the good turns you have done him is very much like a reproach.
Demosthenes
im gonna miss your braces but your gonna look great without them : not to mention hot lol
maybe what you want to do is changing.
Have a student who is bored out of her mind.
My school moved quickly to move her to honors and put her on track to graduate early.
Awesome.
i wonder if the saleswoman who took my shirt off is single.
I am for med weed.
I am for meditation.
I am NOT for big pharma, or bs.
a triumph of perseverance after a lifetime of teeny tiny arms.
I thought I was watching a Daffy Duck cartoon...
turns out I was watching ESPN and Lou Holtz was talking.
ellie likes to sit on my shoulder....
i put her back in my lap, and she just climbs right back up!
a stuffed nose with a ur nose pierced is a terrible feeling :
If I don't answer ya call..Means,pick a different conversation..Not talking Money then..Me don't speak nglish
Why do we run the ball on first down every f'ing time!!!!
BBN Kentucky Our coaches are turrible
What's going on with our Buff.
Bills.The best looking team in the NFL by WSJ and now the smartest QB in the league.Will this help get jobs?
Golden mustards, purple mizunas and beet greens salads w fish fry at tonight...come say hi!!
A Human Thought is an actual Existence, and a Force and Power, capable of acting upon and controlling matter as well as mind.
Congrats, Tricia!
MT : Mission accomplished!
Best academic semester of college since sophomore year and Summa Cum Laude!
Oh why did i ever doubt you?
You know i would die here without you!
3
where is that ?
NTB ?
And why you go there ?
And are you in USA now ?
Just woke up from muchneeded sleep after doctorving from Las Vegas last night
My Chemical Romance for me.
Who's your favorite band?
IF THIS NIGGA TWEET ONE MORE THANG BOUT HIS HAPPY ASS RELATIONSHIP IMA BE SHITTY!
WE AINT ALL GOT THAT MUTHAFUCKA
Thanks so much Steve.
Finding the time to process has been tough but worthwhile.
Was great seeing you and Jason at Q.
you are such a thug, fuck.
Just LOL'd.
Blake  you crack me up!!
sorry for the lack of updates yesterday, soo many interviews!
oh where , oh where my baby be?.
Brilliant ambush marketing by Sasha Baron Cohen promoting The Dictator on eredcarpet by spilling urn on Seacrest.
Controversy sells.
yo why the staffed hours close so early though?
Lol
I love you!!!!!!: Your an amazing ACTOR!
Please follow me backk.
Republicans crying classwarfare is like the the giant bully on the playground crying when the poor picked on kid finally fights back.
your webinar is on December 15th?
That was last Thursday.
Bearcats back in action this upcoming Friday and saturday against NEO.
Friday, double header at 12pm.
Saturday, one game at 12pm.
you inspired me to make a twitter lol
their flower show.
they worked hard on it, but u can see the corporate crippling of art.
so bland im not offended
Think Arias learned his lesson about hustling.
He was in full Bryce Harper mode.
must be panicking.
I recall this day in 2011 honoring doctor King's legacy of solidarity with organized labor at a rally featuring
Thanks for the souvenir SF!
Going thru designs picking out the first set to be sent to the printer!
We're making moves for the first District Element photoshoot!
you have now been officially booted from 426.
you're killing me with the Spanish, si, mucho trabajar!
:
Game at 2 we have to go out there n,work hard...
Just had one of the biggest reliefs of my life
Doesn't a Trans Am make you a dbag?
: Tinted windows on your car makes you look like a douche bag.
Scar tissue that I wish you saw, sarcastic mister knowitall
New Plectrum Ent.
website launched today!
We are looking for new talent to add to our lineup from the New England area!
Is the Tim/Faith run in Vegas really just hitting the Internet now?
My mom told me weeks ago...
Was I not supposed to know?
Haha
Strong win huskies, lets finish out the year on a high note
no way!
Thank YOU Mer!!!!!
You're the best.

Eh, judgment call.
He doesn't strike anyone out ...
that's kind of important.
Yes.
Fast forward 19 plus years from now, yes.
Still yes.
5x5 front squats  245 followed by a nice little thruster  box jump couplet.
Pregaming Thanksgiving with a huge box of brownies.
I love nau care packages.
VonChurch is currently looking for network programmers for gigs in San Diego, Texas, and BEYOND!
Ping for more!
Can I get a RT if you love the new RTSCruiser?
RT Have u ever been put in the 4 Leaf Clover curlyUncut ...copyright infringement 
are you voxing now?
I think that's more of a reference to swallowing.
Pretty crazy that the Louisville, Kentucky and Ohio State are in the final four this year.
I have ties to all three schools  oh man!
god god god god
Trying out new TECHNOLOGY!
who is at live sporting events right now?
What's going on??
I just competed in the rooster crowing competition.
yeahh i agree
Listening to re the Arab Spring, Twitter  the new shifts in power at US Arab event
New york undergrounds will b playing my music 9pm tuesfri plz show me some support !
Thank you!!
Plx
we are the same person BOY!!!
Wow.
That was...pretentious
Silver Springs with some twisting wind right now
WhenAustin made a video saying happy valentines day to everyone.
3
Doing homework now so i can watch Live cghat!!!!
Glad to hear it...we'll have to get him a cocktail next time :
a good blog helps define yourself for yourself as well as others
The guy running around on the field should have watched The Incredible.
No capes!
We think The Same is our best song, what about you?
Let us know why at Yesterdayrocks.com!!
We don't need no stikin' story...
hates hospitals : i'd like to go home now please
so now what lol
Excitement is nice,why aren't selfadvocates included in the chat today?
nothing about us w/o us
At wpas women's committee meeting and am dying to see the lois mailou jones exhibit afterwards here at the natl museum of women in the arts
Meeting with later this week to plan a new campaign for Chesterfield.
Looking forward to collaborating with their team.
did you check your local library?
O.o

If That Boy Don't Love You By Now .
.
.
He Will Never Ever Never Ever Love You  
Archbishop Dolan named Cardinal.
uh...
That some kind of sick joke?!
: of course I do!
I think hobo vagina is illegal in Ohio.
Fish tacos are not.
they come when they want ;
So excited to see Beauty and the Beast tonight at the El Capitan!
Opera music blasting out of a stranger's house on a cloudy day.
signed up for chelseas run, you are welcome to join if you still want to!
The last 10 minutes is the first I've ever seen Barca disorganized.
El Madoctordistas are flying high.
Benzema, Ronaldo and Ozil are on.
thanks for following 
With and Lindsey
I kno my bae ass is knocked
Shoutout to my new Followers..
Alex  Robert, tweet, tweet.:
u mean mon
well your a loser too then.
Christmas Shopping ForTheWin :
just was listening to a bunch of old stuff I did with those were the days...what type of stuff where they.
8 days  counting people.
sitting in a cafe upstate doctornking vino  listening to some coffee house rock!
Heading to Toronto in the am!
Raincheck!!
lol
haha you're so random...
i love it
Called the station, they told me that my honey is there but they're knocking down quickly.
He should be home soon
I remember going to school late to get the new Jordans and be the first to have them on in school
Like new tech re online learning; am still concerned with content, student relations, educational values, aesthetics, and application.
Pow RT : I have a super power of creating meeting agendas that run on time and are workable.
Where is the cape for that?
yeah even the Huns got one to delay my titleparty .
Just day in and watched immortals, good flick
Yes, i wear high waisted shorts/pants but, who told bell bottoms were a trend?
When is someone gonna start the trend of wearing all spandex?
Thanks for stopping by!
How was breakfast?
thanks for the great pics  I am starting the day with a smile!
Halloween Happy Hour tomorrow with the JustFabulous crew!
Can't wait to see all my fabulous creatures in their outfits!
unable to DM bcuz u r not following me.
Not a birthday gift, heavy reader vice TV watcher.
I believe she would love ur book
Fuck The Boys  Girls Club
I think it's just too much off the top.
:o
Thank you, sugar face!
Life is good.
:
Looking like I'm smoking by myself tonight.
took my son to see Pirates of C in 3D, poor kid was begging me.
Ok..
it was really because I wanted to see it.
totally agree
Come here kids, I'm gonna grape you in the mouth!
If you watchd the show b4, WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOIN IN THEY HOUSE
I bought an iBoat  it's syncing!
When people say they Give 0 fucks'  clearly you gave enough fucks to make a tweet about it
WHOA!
is on a prize giving roll right now!
An iPod Touch and a signed guitar?!
How cool!
I thought the Buffett Rule involved margaritas and cheeseburgers?
I love 's book Act like a lady, but think like a man.
After seeing the movie, that made me wanna buy the book.
Jefferson is on fire!!!!!!
aam2012 I'm at Family Learning in Interactive Galleries: A CrossMuseum Research Report  101 G  just started come over
money and wine...
What else is there really?
It's Wednesday...time to stir it up on the show.
We'll talk about the Heat, tempers flaring in MLB and more.
u got the city goin crazy wit that record broyo...niggas been hitttn my phone askin bout it
Ugh off to lay by the pool
I'm gonna lay on the floor and sleep..
Right now
3 Stocks Every Trader Should Know About: ETAK, SATC, LEE  SmallCap Network
SHOUTOUT TO:  FOLLOW!
MY 500th FOLLOWER!
Oklahoma AM Narrowly Beats Texas AM in Gridiron Football Contest No need for compliments; I've got a way with words.
If the world is all a stage, then I figure I am the guy who throws the tomatoes
who is you calling foo, my asian nigga?
Get in your space ship
i love z true long island story
RT 80/20/30 rule.
If 80 of problems come from 20 of your clients, then cull the 20 and your professorts rise by 30.
Start an intellectual revolution.
therevolutionwillbelive?
My doctorams are so terrible and real that I think that I might somehow be morphing into Harry Potter or the guy from Final Destination
Working late on a Friday Night...Keeping Pittsburgh Computer Users Virus Free...
Thanks, lady...it's been a lovely day :
Bye bye blondie!
NLC's Johnson creative partnerships with Federal gov't  Let's Move Cities  Towns w/ First Lady, Cities United w/ Dept.
Justice
cool where are you guys located?
okay, wth is wrong with people, keep saying what you want, idc!
Gov't Mule to play at the Cabooze in Minneapolis on August 21!
Today is gonna be the hardest day ever for me;getting ready;going to dunks to get a coffee with paul;rip brian I miss you so much :
Jimmy Fallon  Slow Jam The News with Barack Obama: Late Night with Jimm...: via
they say im tripping but i ain't fall yet!
RT : On my way to the in Dothan, Alabama to pick out my final wardoctorbe!!
Big atbat for Matt Kemp
NASTY GURL TAKE IT OUT HA ASS PUT IT IN HA MOUTH
: how are you, lady?
Long time no see!
x spiceroute yo miss ur pretty face.
Are u in Tdot?
FB me ur 
Flares tennis shoes
then do something !
i do believe faith
I am so ready to give my mother her bday gift  12 o'clock tonight!
Save the date!
Can't wait.....
file:///C:/Users/habitshop/Desktop/render.htm
Only you can love me this way.
sent you one tell me what you think bruh!
I wrote the Sanctuary speech as my comparison essay on my AP exam.
m/
I'm glad it's leaving too, but don't look forward to them digging it up this fall, assuming they don't leave it in the ground!
S/O 2 my boi lol I needed that laugh yall make sure y'all follow him
Happiness, more or less
it is my birthday.
i am 8 years old now sign that a little girl taped to front of her shirt.
you dontt know what a smart phone is?
It all makes sense now...
wasup bro.
did u delete me saying Lyrics 2 GO in the background of the chorus?
Off to Salem, MA today because will be attending lodge there.
As for me, I'm going to hang out with old friends and doctornk.
Maria Casey, Vodaphone Ireland, InternetSociety INET describes the end of higher ed.
as we know it.
Everyone with access to everything
I just finished this funky patchwork doctorss I started 3 hours ago.
very boho country chic.
I think I've finally outdone myself..and I love it
Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative at the same time!
and with all the arson fires it must be starting feel more like Detroit every day
Goodnight!!33  Happy Mothers Day!!!
Too bad Vin Diesel is a queer dibb, and Ice cubes shot cops before
GREAT GAME PACERS !!!
Would LOVE to see them knock out Lebrick and the
Happy Thursday!
Thx for the follow SWAN Support Women Artists Now
Hello :D
I cant begin to express how sorry I am for the families and friends of these young people.
My own uncle killed himself when he was 16.
What you see in yourself is what you see in the world  Proverb
TO THE WINDOOOWWWW
How awesome are you in real life?
The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited or erased.
It can only be accepted.
He is obviously up in my head.
True story.
They're the vehicle for the commodity.
RT : Record companies sold us convenience, not music.
WeWontWork if I can't trust you
In extremely boring conference.
Just shoot me.
I'll be there innsnt inst
Hi  Ankur from Baltimore Collegetown here.
How can I help you?
Unless I miscounted, there's 5 hearings next week on GSA
today's 12yearolds laugh at 's cartoon rock, so now he panders to emotionally  intellectuallystunted hexagenarians.
Let's get this show on the road
Dont worry sanchez, its manning, we have to go after him.
Sanchezwhew that was close.
RyanSanchez, youre outta here.
Its Tebow, we had to.
standing for four hours straight..
Anybody Else Been Up All Night?
Why are the browns running their receivers on deep routes when there are 7 defenders blitzing?
What!!!!!
Omg.
Today is getting it out me emotionally.
New Orleans breaks my heart sometimes.
Halloween candy.
Who will eat your snickers?
Twix?
What are you giving out?
No toothbrushes, no kidding.
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
doctor Seuss
Nobody burns through goodwill faster than Yuni.
you know it;
WWW.VARSITYJACKETS09.COM WWW.VARSITYJACKETSPITTSBURGH.COM EARN 10 CASH EACH PAID JACKET REFFERAL FOR YOUR GROUP
7 Ways IBM Will Make 7 Billion In Cloud  InformationWeek
So you guys have one of those open arrangements?
That's so Canadian.
SanAntonioTees is indeed tied to CoreMedia.
We do CD/DVD mfg, printing, packaging  custom tshirt  apparel screen printing.
Yep, we do.
hm.
I think we need to ask this!
:
Hey thanks for signing up for the atthack Education in Palo Alto.
See ya there!
hell yeah we was just talkin about that.
Planning is essential
City only club that can afford RVP unless Barca get another free soft loan.
Cant see him at City.
their dad got his hours cut a lot, and he started looking for a new job  that's where he ended up.
my apartment smells like pine needles :
its about that time....
I'll take full credit!
coming from the dude with a shirtless doctorving avi..
why are you two being so pissy lately?
We all love you.
Calm down, get along.
3 3 3
I was on da fence,did research,1200 tix/sold out show here w/No Air Play!
Kids pay to see him,I now play Him!
Alt should Too.
you don't love me no more fatty?
i probs wont.
But sounds good;
I like to think he is asking for the Heisman and another trip to Pasadena
People should be more aware of how their breath smells.
Talking directly into someone's face knowing ur mouth ain't right is very OFFENSIVE!
we didn't have barb as our server unfortunately.
Complimentary Wine  Cheese Mixer.
1010 Wilshire, Best Rooftop in Los Angeles.
Come Network on 12/9/2010 Must RSVP:
I can't wait for Believe Boyfriend is amazing!
Proud of you Belieber 5
Thank You Victoria ...
How Are you?
Made res at Heartland for anniversary in 2 weeks.
Scoping out menu  planning attack.
Food changes daily but I can plan the cocktails now.
OH MY GAWD.
Avengers was to awesome!!
AND I got to see it with PerfectNight :D
On the contrary.
i don't envy you.
good luck.
i know how that is
Listenin to Jar of hearst and singing with my best friend paulina hahahahahahha
GM.
All praises to my Father which art in heaven for allowing us to see another day.
If you see this, know that you're blessed to be alive.
RT : Discovery Channel's Frozen Planet GIANT PENGUIN will be in Silver Spring, handing out FREE FROZENYO coupons on 310....
the problem is, i dont know where.
I could ask around, but i'll just look stupid, we werent THAT close you know?
on the athletics department.
More specifically the men's basketball program.
I have a feeling that the celebrations wouldn't have been so
yes mam : ima come to ur house when i get off and we can go from there
youz blowin up my twitter feed, sounds like you're doing awesome!
mad props 
Also, reverse racism is a bunch of hooey.
The author hasn't engaged with the work of antiracist scholars.
is that a gateway computer box?
Thanks for making our first March Madness Sale a success!
Now get ready for our Third Annual BlowOut!
It's gonna be bigger than ever!
You gotta come a lot harder den that sweetheart
then get your butt down here!!
i miss you too :
Game 7 tickets already on sale.
XX
We sure think so!
RT : shows that the Amerks have the best fans!
Thanks!
I am very proud of what we've done for Bay View and look forward to making it even better.
Why?
Because fuck you that's why!
Celebrity House Hunting on is a must watch.
, Barry Williams,  Danny Bonaducci!?
Oh yeah.
I just filled up for 2.85 a gallon at Smith's with my rewards!
Whoo hoo!
You Will Need To Complete A Few Genuine Bodily Movements
I hate to be an armchair DA, but you at LEAST have to dig a little deeper when the guy says these assholes always get away
Lost all my respect
oh my goodness!!!!
D:
Discover mills now packed at 3:30.
Major prkng issue in area 6
nccetl give widgets as gifts/to teachers to admin./to parents/to legislators
Oh no you didn't!!!
CRAP!!!
Hahah well thank you Brandy!!
I'm glad you liked it.
Death comes in 3's like menage a trois
Have good night, guys sweet doctorams
because i know
lol thats funny i wish u would notice me / follow me because i love u and the funny and sucessful things u do babe
I just remembered that sold last time I was there.
Never tried it.
Hope to bring home a bag today.
i hope the world doesnt end tomorrow, because we havent kissed yet.
;D
getting ready 4 bed.
let c if abbe ready
I always have to have the last words,
After 60 Minutes interview, Looking for a Lady Gaga introduction.
Can anyone connect me?
Peter, are you THIS close to Beyonc?
If not, go cleanse your demonic soul.
doctorpal  Easy.
Requires Instr.
Tech support for average faculty member.
Yes!
RT : Glad you enjoyed the panel!
We had a blast, too!
wow!
That was crazy!
Buzzer beater.
...
I wouldn't text me back either!
Goodnight
I have been advised that breathing BETWEEN auditions reduces oxygen starvation!
lol Um I was talking about the stadium seat she'll sit on not her seat
When let's you pick the music you listen too 3 Haha
haha!!
this made me laugh:
On my
Registration hours are 7:30am4:30pm today.
You may register onsite using cash or check.
Stop by, say hi, and grab your badge!
I hate working with dense 16 year olds!
Really getting on my nerves!
Excited for my first Nationals game today!
That's my girl there!
RT: i told her she looked like a native 2day she left this morning w/ a down vest on  flip flops!
No problem.
Thank you!
It's a good morning when I wake up to my kids and wife dancing and laughing while listening to Boogie Nights.
Me and ME3  late night
I have not used that word in forever.
The album the photo came from was titled Nana's photos haha
and what do you think our customers would say?
Beltway Insiders Buzz in on Jeopardy  U.S.
News amp; World Report
perfect and evil : too many calories!
Good morning, Alyssa!
What books do you usually read?
:
Great music, food and fashion awaits you on the fourth floor of the campus center NOW at the Mixer!
If I get tagged in anymore of these stupid sneaker pictures I'm deactivating my facebook
I just seen that I figured it had something to do with her daughter I don't blame her
twitter just gived me another whale!
Fucking Whales, i dont need you every second.
I'm liking the ThatCampfire name.
Now where in the woods can you get wifi?
Thanks for the mention.
I appreciate the support.
Stay safe!
Chillin w my chicks!
Girls night!
Actually I forgot not likes to throw mike under the bus!
I love you.
ditto!
Thoroughly enjoyed our lunch!
Thanks for your insight h onesty :
We are so ready for the summer.
Out of town shows:
Why would the producers of the put a racecar doctorver on the show?
I hope this ends well.
Always a blast when I get to catch up w/ The Kix kraziness kommences tomorrow morning  7:10 PT on !
21 favorite word?
Kamistern and Nick:
I'm goign to do it.
so i will send you the video/picturesoon!
My boss and my coworker are making plans to go hustle people at pool.
That'll end well.
Holy cow!
Stay safe.
RT : right at me F 4 or F5 windsheer 120 mph 7 miles wide
really what song did she sing
lil wayne is so bad I think I'm beginning to like him

can we go ahead and induct Kim into the Survivor Hall of Fame?
Lol.

The Secret Policeman's Ball  Radio City Music Hall w/ Coldplay, Mumford and Sons and many more
Thank You Lord for another days journey.
I pray to bring you greater Glory today than I did on yesterday.
A memory is a photograph taken by the heart to make a special moment last forever..
BieberFact Justin said that at every one of his concerts, he sees that one girl that makes his heart stop!
the dustys at vitamin water uncapped live june 16th!
If you have favstar but you've never starred anything, you're as good as dead
Put the swing together, Gotta wash the bouncer cover,  then a BUNCH more diapers.
Lol.
Oh,  we have to put the crib together.
Crap x
will begin their first win streak in ages tonight
I remember when the pacers used to suck
Me too!
I'll collect names of all who tweeted interest in a hangout.
Did you happen see the Name That Boot Contest The legs in the boot were mine; RT : you have them?
Nothing like a little rent increase to turn on my country mouse switch.
Good shoulder workout today; followed my 20 min of cardio on the elliptical.
Playhouse on the Sq  The 39 Steps is hilarious!
I agree
are you hear that tuesday night or leaving?
HappyFriday  Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
Confucius
it's happiness in a can!
Gonna work on a cover tonight for mi amor
LOL.
Right.
Facts they don't like aren't facts.
you still want all of us to go to the movies this weekend?
Uh oh :x
Happy Friday!
Come in and grab a coffee to start your day
RT if you have
I hate it when little kids cuss like it's cool or something.
is the paparazzi tonight!
Photos of Warren Sapp?!
What?!
Err..
technical difficulties.
:
Happy Sabbath!
Good to see you in my stream.
Thanks for retweeting.
I forgot what your pupps name was!: ollo?
Im not sure:
Help Trend PLEASE!!!
Good luck to my iubb Hoosiers!
Tipping off against Kentucky in about 25 minutes!!
Just wanted to apologize 2 everyone cause i made up the rumor about Keyra and Austin.
I refret it.
Im sorry3
Kicking off PAIN rehearsal today!
Excited :
Whew!
Good Kempo session.
Totally got the wind knocked out of me by an 80 brown belt.
Do you have any scheduled combined auds for Fringe2012?
And with Dallas choking at the minute a good day to be a redskin
ThedoctorwnTogetherMovie is now playing on my screem and I am loving it
RT : I can troubleshoot right here.
Have you been able to test different charger?
We / ActingInLA just got our 100th follower on Twitter!
Even though you're heaven sent, the words you say could kill this man.
This isn't much I'm offering, just know you mean the world to me.
'Abdu'lBah is talking to 500 people at the Hotel Euclid.
He speaks of the advances of material civilization, and its dangers.
While I was at it, I figured I'd sign up for Yahoo BOSSv2 search API.
It's Yahoo!
migration fun day...
I want a new watch but I have no idea where to even look.
anyone have any recs on where to look on the internet?
hate department stores.
INEVITABLE EP go buy it NOWW!!!!!!!!
I had a doctoram I was a dolphin swimming deep in the sea.
Then, suddenly, transformed into a high soaring raven.
Good things to come today.
illegal pension plan
Don't know if u saw, but I beat 64.
We're thinking his jorts outing will be a Nats day game next Sun.
U in or working?
It's hip to be square.
Huey Lewis
Doing easter nails: not quite finished yet.
I'm playing with your Super Skeleton theme and in the docs it says TimThumb, but in the Theme Options, it only mentions Sencha?
Thank you!
What do you mean How many people is in it?
The video or PuzzlePiecez?
My best advice to Ned Yost and the Kansas City Royals: Hey, bartenders, Jobu needs a refill.
lol damn thanks for the love chan ha ha ha
No thanks you gaybo.
I prefer European.
Not homosexual unless you're in because I like me some 1D gay boys!
The Avengers was so good.
The only problem was the obnoxious people with no manners.
Are there actually people who get out of the shower to pee?
I want to meet them.
My name is Royce Adoctoren Brody
Q6: HOW DO YOU PLAN TO GIVE YOUR MEALS A FRESHOVER?
WHAT RECIPES WILL YOU GIVE A FRESHOVER?
WHY?
I feel like I'm losing him again.
I love him so much I'm terrified....
I hate those girls...
Thanks for the follow!
God Damn it.
boring really hot :
word how was it?
Tonight at 9:30 at!
New songs, fresh sketches, cheap and optional beers of quality.
Show us off to your friends!
It's gonna be a beautiful evening for some Pilates w/LianMarie Holmes  67p.
Bring a mat or towel  join the party!
don't worry that wasn't directed at you.
Your stories are actually funny
RT : RT : RT : Man, it's another one of them BEAUTIFUL days in tha Duke City!
How would you handle a blessing from God such as a lump sum of money, a huge raise or big bonus?
what day  time?
Been to SFO T2 yet?
RT I'm going to set up shop outside the airport and sell meals to take on plane.
We need better food when flying.
A THOUGHT PLATO TOLD ME IN A doctorAM LAST NIGHT: If she's so concerned with , how cum the TaxAct Mama kicks the guys out of her cab?
I was asking about
hope we can make it guys eyes on fire makes me want to brake shit.
ok, ok, ok!!
I rescind my last tweet!
Tweeps love their hashtags ;
Dear Kunversion: Misspelling does NOT make your name nongeneric.
Or appealing.
Nigga I'm from Dallas
Sorry I missed it.
Deadlines at the client this week.
is amazing!
Modern design and clean lines, classic in use of older amps, tape machines and such.
October is Squirrely Appreciation Month.
Why?
October is the month squirrels in the northern hemisphere harvest nuts to prepare for winter.
Anyone know if there is a Congresswoman Nipslip?
sent you an email of 1st doctorft
whats wrong nina ???
remeber i got them guys.
hahaha
that dance competition made me so pumped for the recital...
Every.
Villian.
Is.
Lemons.
Here we go!!
Lights are down.
I CAN'T WAIT TIL DEY PICK YA BOOKS UP FAH A MOVIE PICKS UP TICKETS N YELLS / O YEAH
Indeed!
Hope you aren't as sunburned as we are today
I hope this goes well.
Those are deeply gratifying when they come.
Enjoy!
Great win by the !
People can keep giving up on them all they want, but I'll be with them 'till the end!
Send a fresh one and we'll update it.
:
Comedy Returns to El Rio!
2nd Monday of month 8pm 3158 Mission  Precita sf Will Durst July 12
Tonight will be the night that I will fall for you over again3
Hi !
We failed at the 100 homegrown, we ended up having roast.
had a blog post that made me buy one!
it's downtown Orlando.
Which is not far at all if u take I4.
About 25 minutes.
ADdoctorSS: 578 N Orange ave Orlando, FL 32801 : 
ha my bad.
auto correct on the phone...
I wanted to know who does the recording
Sometimes you have to have a really dark day, to see how much light is left in you.
:
Added a great new student and two new amazing new tutors today.
This freakin ant just tried me.
Oh effff no.
Candidates cash in in Stamford
We love making people feel good with Yummy, delicious edibles!
Savory treats and out new potent cake pops!
I thought Rick santorum never pulled out!
Ouch I fell on my knee at crystal palace 2 weeks ago and ait Still hurts  xD
trick question, as there is no such thing.
unless you've become Tom Selleck.
Knew this would happen sooner than later but I'm still shaken.
RIP Steve Jobs.
Thanks for all you've done.
Great article, thank you!
Pittsburgh auditions for Monongahela scheduled for Oct 21 28  email for details
Nice thing about nypleclp : attended not just by NYPL staff but Queens Public Library, Brooklyn Public LIbrary and even Westchester PL
thanks for following Kari :
Nine days until Yankees baseball...single digits make me so happy!
Vegas bound last wknd in July for the 1st time in almost 3 years.
Used to be a regular.
Staying at the Cosmo.
Restaurant recs pls.
Disappointed: many of my current mentees seem to be hopeful for library assistant/clerk.
Not even trying for FT librarian jobs.
thanks bro
no problem hun.: now go show em whos boss and kick some butt!
Oh and btw i loved ur song for matthew  it was great :3
Nice.
RT : I'd like to thank the academy, tweetdeck, apple, , my mom
Ha!
Perfect timing.
Woke annoyed at google alerts bc there's a random bunch of bikers in Colorado usurping our bad name!
Be sure to follow
Reading any great Mommy Bloggers?
Tell me about 'em.
i am called by the men sometimes, blonde goddess.
may your eyes come, ...caress the detail, the divine detail Vladimir Nabokov
Doing my music project on Blink182.
I was about to do Fall Out Boy, but apparently I can't...?
idunno.
Ima movement by myself but ima force wen we together....u mke me better
i could say the same but it doesn't matter cause i will see you tomorrow after you class
Gearingup to watch the HS Boys Mile at Nike Track Nationals NTN Good luck Nick!!
dude, nice bio
bishop is awesome he's got a great future but I grew up watch the organ state beaver nick barnett he's my fav outside of
Who you got?
Happy Mothers Day Mommy 3
If you haven't already, follow and check out www.tshirtforums.com  that is some good stuff...
Do you still need a G interview for BWENY?
I was away this weekend, but could do it tomorrow.
Ellen is the Antichrist.
I'm formulating my argument now.
Active experimentation with new publication models.
tv movie.
As much as I like Eddie he couldn't save the movie
They did a great job!
Rock on XFactor RT : loving the Brewer Boys!!!!!
they're great!
The NFC Championship game was a great game,The Niners have A GREAT team, looking forward to next year at the edge of our seats...........
doctorve through PM and decided to not stop, but yes, quite a pleasant happening 'hood on a summer evening.
Tons of folks out.
Didn't sleep much last night, so I'm going back to bed.
OK, I'm totally embarrassed about my use of the whtweetup tag last night.
Apparently it was only for people who were actually there.
Havent watched an game since MLB started but you're damn right Im going to watch the playoffs.
lol i guess so .
.
i dont have a lot of friends !
less friends , less problems
I have successfully used Twitter and Reddit to meet new people in Syracuse!
All packer fans talking about the new state farm video....
gonna watch it right now....
really?
i heard has two glass eyes.
like that dude from last action hero on one side and sammy davis jr on the other
DEC Commissioner Joe Martens: We're proud of this partnership.
I'd love some help!
I've only used PE twice, as a student, not as teacher.
Not sure how to construct a review game using it!
Who knows what gets off in 3Days ?
; 3
you're AMAZING!
enjoy!
Where are you off to?
the king of March IZZO will lead you to greatness.
SpartanDawgs follow in and s footsteps
oh I know.
I see it everywhere.
Tomorrow it will be one month til my birthday!
: I'm so excited!
:
Writers are full of dirty little tricks.
The dirtiest being the ability to convince yourself that the world needs to hear your words.
how mad is that Gallaraga guy that used to play for Detroit!!
I love things bout her, but iont love her
Football, burgers, ice cream and spiked milkshakes....so many reasons to visit us today!
It's a Roxette kind of morning!
never ever ever.
:
i love your forty saucy snaps
the only thing you need is a mic...everything else is practically the same.
unless they include a synthesizer and autotune
BMSPF LOOKS LIKE GO TIME HDOG
We would love to thank all the artists that work with us.
Without their great talents this would not be possible!
Amazing unscheduled post here in a few hours.
Fans of transit maps and wellcomposed infographics will rejoice.
Stay tuned.
We suffered the same embarrassment in CA.
Hoping our generation makes it right.
That's a false statement
Sweden was it, the female PRESIDENT made jokes cutting up a cake that symbolizes FEMALE CIRCUMCISION on a BLACKFACE image?!?
How could you say that
I would accept a Waka Flocka b Cheif Keef or c French Montana
ShanimalOnTheBeach sounds like a sweet n tasty alcoholic beverage you could sip on while at the beach!
XD
Brand new titties, stiches still showing.
She prayin it heal good, I'm just praying dat it feel god.
;
I want to be forever young
Let's go to the beach!
CHECK OUT PARTNERS IN SOUNDS NEWEST BUSINESS VENTURE www.magicalenterprises.com
It's NOT about being SKINNY.
It's about being HEALTHY.
Most of us don't have a CLUE what we are putting into our bodies.
Skinny Fiber...
Wicked was AMAZING last night!
My favorite musical ever!
protest outside is getting annoying.
i hope they get their fair wage just to shut them up.
Happy Mother's Day to my SKC/Twitter mom and one of the nicest people I've ever met !
umm...
we looked at your homepage as an example of really nice, engaging design without a lot of unnecessary text.
For me, it's no question.
John Wall isn't even in Irving's league.
You cheated by adopting.
:P
RT : BIEBER BLAST.
Sounds like a Suicide bombing.
Dear man running down the desert I10 high way waving the American flag: you are the reason I love this country.
ha ha ha ha that is some kind of a low dirty chick ha haha lol....
Couldn't have had a better host!
RT : Survived day one of SXSW ...
Starting at 6am tomorrow.
That's going to be an early morning.
you just posted this: Trever Miller 43 St.
Louis Cardinals 2010 Civil Rights Game Used Jersey
I think like May 4th
can you follow me???
EFF YEAH DUDE.
GET THAT GOSPEL CRAP OUT!!!!!
Also, I decided I want to get married in Greece.
sca 2012 Now Rebecca Wendt of CA State Archives.
They've done lotsa prep: strategic plan, OAIS adoption in progress, policies in place ...
Why do grades go A, B, C, D, F?
Where is E?
deepthought 
Sitting at the mechanic waiting for KITT to get an oil change and a check up.
now that is a slice of life !
Little late finding your tweet but we really appreciate the mention!
The reason goes deeper than that, but like you said, you can't force selfawareness or epiphanies on people.
I'm definitely not a heartless bitch, but if you break my morals, all respect I have for you will be gone.
This shit maine
I have had some GOOD food this week!
So where are my reviews?
I MADE good food, but the pictures need work, promise it will be up soon.
Dworkin setting out the history of lyricism  its construction as musical: the prob is, music is no more stable a category than poetry.
Hey Todds.
How are you today?
And we can't wait for more!
It's all about connecting with the people of BH and harnessing a passion for a thriving community!
cuz that's kinda what it looks like.
FYI.
;
Faried is a boss though.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply.Willing is not enough; we must do.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Make it bun.
his left upper arm on the inside!
I said he should get the seeds to spell out something but we don't know what
HERE COME THE CLIPPERS.
RT if you a sexy bitch with good PuyLikeKush
Don't forget to enter our ART Contest for National Dance week....www.allegrodancecompany.net
We might be closed tonight, but that doesn't mean we're not painting.
haha are you gonna put them on your wall?
Not being able to move my neck without it hurting 
Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgments.
If you are at home and you are placed on hold for awhile, walk or jog the stairs to get in some exercise while you wait.
They're Maremmas, an Italian livestock guardian breed.
Your much like myself There's a difference between I'm here And HERE I AM!
Everyone is talking about the American interest in Egypt, what about the Egyptian interest in Egypt?
Please, let the Egyptians decide!
From 2nd round pick to participating in Saints rookie camp.
My how the Brohm has fallen
I want to embrace the fear!
Help me get to follow
For example, LeBron's PER this season was 30.8, second was Chris Paul at 27.09.
He did this even though his usage doctorpped from last MVP yr.
Those little damn foam darts HURT.
RETWEET THIS IF YOU WANT as ur BoyFriend OR TO LOVE U THE WAY U ARE
How is it that the rest of Walker is an ice cave while the library is a furnace?
Huge Offer up for only today!
Get Weekly Lock Packaga starting tomorrow!
30 Locks for only 50 throughout 7 days!
you can run and tell that run and tell that run and tell that poboy popopoboy
twelve days until starts at Can't wait!
We MiSS U Britney  let's get it on top!
Bulls don't get any respect.
That is all.
Your articles are always so on point!!
One of my favorite ways of finding new clients : Thank you for all your hard work!
Happy FREE comic book day!
Yes my plan is to move to NYC this year, before my birthday in October.
What a great week for SportsRadio!
March Madness, Blazers trades, TimbersFC, Manning 2 Broncos, Tebow 2 NY  BountyGate!
when you click Save at the bottom of the window appears a link  just copy and paste it!
Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass.
Best lyrics.
Ever.
few weeks?
I'm getting into town in 2 weeks.
May 4th.
Put it on your calendar.
Overheard at Conner Prairie today: You know, I had so much fun here today, I almost forgot it was a museum!
Well, there's always the World Championships for Malkin, Crosby  Fleury  Letang.
willtheyevenwantthem?
RT: lol nahh but omg i miss you veronica !!!
When are we gunna do something 
Getting doctorssed and thinking 'I look good'
My, my, my!
Moving day has had too many surprises.
Thanks!
Weds eve is my usual live b'cast time
New plans in the works for a high efficiency, green built model home in Chesapeake's The Preserve!
Watching the Longhorns and the Aggies play baseball.
Kevin Garnett is the Big Ticket
shit .
okay lemme ask for Saturday !
Turn me on and take it off
I had to wikipedia SOPA...irony?
There's been fireworks on my block since a month before July 4th.
MLINY.
Go jump off a pyramid please.
Ur a cutie I LOVE UR USTREAMS!
Cant wait till the next one!
ahaha.
That's effin weird.
And idk how to turn that ish off !
Right back atcha!
Thanks!
RT : TGIF to all active
totes not my bad.
Phone malfunction
Apologizing in advance.
The NABShow exhibit hall opens today so I'll be surrounded by Film/Video gear.
Pictures and posts to follow
Well, at least we had the big boys worried.
Top 6 for Toon at start of season?
I woulda bitten yer hand off :
Whoever invents a machine to put a book in your mind and understand everything in seconds will be my idol.
LOVE IT!
Boomer Sooner!
I find it amusing that even though I hardly EVER tweet anything, I still manage to get followers oO
Bay u change that take fing out of your name u do not write that for everyone to c on the Internet
I love the Sherri Hill doctorss on jerseycouture :
Had so much fun video chatting 2nite..Nw I'm tired, Good night everyone :
I took the dl code.
I know I'm in the band and already have the record but I loved it so much I wanted to buy it for free.
Thanks girlfriend!
I can hardly believe he's only been dancing a few years.
Love you, HUGS to you all!
Dunston Checks In
wow i can't believe we already have 101 followers!
thanks so much!
33
: I heard a rumor that isn't doctornking until after dinner.
I really hope that's a lie.
no worries!
I caught up!
Tonight, Samadhi and I will be seeing thenutcracker and I can't wait!
you should do a cover for Trouble and To love somebody
...you can't unring the bell..
Too much to do before the 11th!
lmao I'm home crazy
RT : Adam Dunn is scheduled to play left field all 3 games this weekend at Wrigley
Have you never looked over a team's schedule and decided to go for the free bobble head?
thats been hapining a lot around the world i wonder whats in the water
About to clean the house
Still time on the clock!
RT : Welp the TV just went off
Wonderful hot day to see the cherry blossoms in DC, because there will be rain on Saturday and Sunday.
That's almost as epic as taking a train to Chicago from DC just to get Chicagostyle pizza haha I'm jealous of your adventures
World Histsci conference at Pitt last week a big success by all accounts.
Thanks to all who participated!
Hope you enjoyed Pittsburgh!
well, we hit a number of people today.
I think it was a very good day.
I gained more followers and talked 2 a number of new people.
I support LEGAL immigrants and the enforcement of our country's immigration laws.
That is why I support
Brands are not created; they are cocreated  Brian Solise
Momma what's a Snooki ?
...Nothing you need to concern yourself with.
Well whatever it is it sounds bad  Natalie :
We make a big deal out of the 305, we all have 786 numbers.....
omw to school.
AP test.
Because I introduced my brother to a song that he will play over and over as he does.
Thinking everything Abot You D
Try emailing 40k ppl from your personal machine.
Processing keeps you from doing anything else.
hahaha, exactly why we need more women Mooseers!
Probably end up at bw3 cuz my pants too baggy
i need to stop just randomly joining peoples conversations.
its a SUPER bad habit.
Lmfao , I 'm Not !
Not That You Said That It's Gone Turn Me OFF HAHAAHA !
Note to world: stop hitting on waitresses.
There is no magic connection here.
We are nice to everyone.
We are niceness sluts.
It is our job.
you are very welcome!
The Chicago Manual of Style.
Excellent for those hard to manage bibliographies.
My players must not sleep at home.
I'm the only one who's awake the entire trip!!
Should change sharksneversleep to
cake on a stick hmu
Follow me up, I'll follow you down.
Many of lifes failures are experienced by people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Edison
: Help you I can.
See even Yoda is willing to help.
I hate St Louis.
I hate the Cardinals.
This sucks
That's exactly how I'd want to go out.
So doctornk...
I'm ABDC bound.
Thanks for the great shoutout on WCL !
So when are you going to broadcast live from the Judy Istock Butterfly Haven?
as she clearly has a huge future!
do you guys know what the Regents did regarding graduate student tuition rates?
It went up by 2.1 right?
No, ABC will not beat CBS.
But the fall schedule has many promising elements.
goin to sleep lebron is to good
Good save, Billy.
Morgan Freeman impersonations are funny 100 of the time.
Thanks for the follow , , , and
circumcisplosion trying to decide if I should conform..or not?
decisions decisions
I know but I need new friends to :P

Welcome Elizabeth!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
only in San Diego.
ThatOnePersonWho never shuts up even after the conversations over.
I'm a bad kid and I'll survive, oh I'm a bad kid, don't know wrong from right.
Imiss the NBA on NBC John Tesh theme song,Ahmad Rashad,the prudential halftime show w/ Bob Costas  Miller Genuine moments
Are we going buck wild this Friday night?
On a scale of 1 to 10, how excited are you about the weekend?
oops I lied, Calvin Harris is at xs not voodoo.
Regardless, imma convince you to come with me
Do I need a Valentine?
Nah!
I couldn't agree more
Always record your meetings with the 'school study team',and with the District Special Ed Dept.IEP Give 24 hours notice.
It's your right.
Cheesecake with !
Thanks for the follow.
Hope the internship is going well in South Africa!
Honestly, I can't see a Facebookless world in the next 25 years
RT I might have 3000 followers but only about 1015 speak.
its like talking to my kids;
Left my keys at home.
Ash is at a play.
Bussed halfway home.
Back at work.
Ah well.
I hate the Heat , but I admit there fucking disgusting  I got respect but I hope they get eliminated..
Your check bounced...
When you paint your nails and just one of them ends up looking retarded..
Lemitar's Robert Torres, 46, had been accused of stealing three guns and a crossbow in January 2010, but now all charges have been doctorpped.
Hahah your right, I guess I don't want the traumatic incidents, but the friendships they have!
Lol do you watch desp housewives?!
I put off going to the dentist for the last 5 years.
Went today, I cried and got 4 cavities.
Rough start to the day.
2 60Ds for the price of 1 7D...
with the loss of slightly more accurate WB  ISO settings.
:P
baha!
I love their faces!
You're welcome!!
:
The things that I like about the show are the depth, the warmth, the sincerity, the tradition, and it shows through quite strongly.
tells me that I've branded myself with the bun, and I'm stuck
NW Jordan Brand Classic!
Had to work tonight.
I was lucky enough to catch some of the game.
But just now read the twitter feed.
God I want to unfollow some of you.
Why is the Lone Ranger called 'Lone' if he always has his Indian friend Tonto with him?
thanks for the RT!
Bout to smash on some seafood!
If you Never try you'll never know .
Garbage removal available.
200 up to 500lbs!!!
Sweet deal for Nassau County: 2h of labor  removal: 410!!!
formal soon, wanna go with me!?
i only live like 20 minutes away from you !
hahahaha :P
Today's nerdalert thought: Ohmygod, tomorrow is Star Wars Day!
: When slow bitches hold up the whole hallway.
HighschoolProbz
I wanna just in to Vancouver.
so this HD museum  restaurant on Sunday...
has this been planned or no?
are wondering.
We shld be in MKE by 5ish
Ah i let it get the best of me
Hey!
How have you been?
lol These Bitches Ain't Bout That Life That I'm Reppin !
Final preparations for the expo in Tyson's today!
First act flew by fast!!
Ready for Act 2
Did you know?
The Resident Evil Archives: Umbrella's Virus Uncovered is a reference guide written by staff members of Capcom.
pucker up;
Great job, Ellen!
:
Peterson's talk is also important for arguing how urban and more rural spaces are networked through labor and manufacturing.
Can't wait to see it.
Bitches aint shit, but woman aint bitches.
See woman are the queens and bitches, just bitches
omg.
got to meet christofer doctorw tonight and he likes their music..
wow!!!
Someone text me
Sarah left today with Susan.
I already miss her, and Susan too!!
With the 32nd Overall Pick, and last of Day 1 of the NFLdoctorft, the Giants select VirginiaTech RB David Wilson.
16 years?
I don't believe that!
It seems like I JUST heard that, its so fresh in my mind.
yes they could : and I'm Alli again
Commission meeting is in sesseion.
Will take public comment till 9:30 and then go into closed session.
Sticks  Stones may break my bones but words will never hurt me ..
SUCH A LIE !
Words DO hurt .
when back at the crib
In Music Meeting Tokyo Police Club Wait Up Like this a lot, it has a Robyn Hitchcock sound to it yoohoo
To all the Mom's among my 471 Twitter friends.I wish you a Very Happy Mothers Day.I do hope your all richly spoiled by your kids.
for sure.
I knew Rondon could throw fast but 104...good God...that's throwing some major heat
Ran into Eric Reda of at Fear no art.
soundcloud marriage success!!
I think even I could strike Corey out with slider off the plate
well sit a row in front of us
nice seeing you today at the salon, your hair cut was great!
I don't understand your tumblir, not that I understand tumblir at all.
Your sense of humor is giving Larry David a run 4 his 
It's pretty pathetic, but I kinda wish that I could go back and relive the last two months of high school.
It was the best 
haha i didn't mean it in a sick way!!!!
you know what i meant
nothing much you
I just eavesdoctorpped on the most pleasant phone call I've ever heard on the CTA.
No yelling, no swearing, perfectly understandable English.
coldstone guys casually flirting.
Steelers defense is too aware to let tebow do miracle plays
Lyin is gay..
fuc is the point..
YOU make, yourself look like a jackass..
lmfao t
So many GREAT Shindig fans, thank you!
I wanna watch college humor videos but I has to get some rest.
are going to sending out Xtamina Energy doctornk's Energy Mix CD's by DJ Don't Stop  DJ Kaios of Atlanta for Promotions!
I don't watch madmen.
I just try to teach my wife how to operate the Comcast clicker  DVR.
Prince William got engaged!
Congratulations!
Longhorns w/ a Friday morning tipoff means I won't be productive AT ALL today.
ItsACelebration or
so true and good to see something useful on a Friday
Crafty is on!
Rain or shine, the fair begins at 10.
The vendors are here and looking great!
it worked on me...
Lol I actually tell people to play in my hair
Jo Calderone is manlier than
I 3 Git.
Just branched a project with little to no effort.
Merged it back in just because I can.
sigh I'm in love.
Where have you been all my life
Just finished great book by Jonathan Ellerby, PH.D., Inspiration Deficit Disorder.
My planned lazy day turned into inspired one!
sorry man!
Just how it is.
Trying my candle making as well!
will let everyone know how my first one goes!
Grave site tending going good!!!
If you haven't left your cubicle yet, this is for you.
Want to present a topic at and show off your skills?
me
After the meetingdebrief circuit today maybe I shouldn't be playing Sup3r M3at Boy to unwind.
Stressed out so I moved all the furniture in my room around
setup for RiShon Odel great jazz great beer on tap tonight jazz rb
Pho with mommy, daddy and Jasmine 33
I know it's a little late for April Fools pranks but I used 3 different ladies restrooms today and left the toilet seats up in all of them.
Gotta get some zzzzzs in before the baby wakes me up.
Man I miss uninterupted sleep!
Staying in South Florida for the holiday season?
Come see us at Grazie!
Book your reservations or parties with us in advance: 305.673.1312
Fred Jackson, you are my hero on Sundays
Getting ready for the first Friday football night.
It will be an exciting night.
.
Thanks for the reminder!
Going.
ahaha, I'm jealous ;
Happy Birthday Miranda Cosgrove
love going into work and having one of the old engineers come up to me and say hey lunch is on me today lets go to fire and ice
I did.
But I also work at home and fell asleep on the couch at 9:30 last night.
So, it just kinda happened.
If your actions inspire others to doctoram more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
The purpose of life is a life of purpose.
Robert Byrne
Locked and loaded for the SWFrance virtual tasting tonight!
Opening up the last of the 8 wines now...follow along starting at 7pm EST
you got it
Thanks for the RT, Davis!
Happy w/end!
Nap?
Gym?
Nap?
Gymzzzzzzzzz.....
Thank you for volunteering!
How does it feel to go from Team Member to Team Manager?
same player as last year, because that's who he is.
Interceptions with some good play.
ok I am trying the new twitter
We've finally made the move...our new addoctorss is 1 East Pratt Street, Baltimore.
We're on our 3rd day now...
If I was in Louisville tonight instead of down here in Dallas, I would be with you in blue with my Louisville Sucks shirt on.
Assuming, of course, you're willing to overlook certain illegalities ;
Had a good night tonight!
Now I can't wait to see The Avengers!
Woo :D
Wow , you are rocking the Red Devil Lounge pretty damn hard right now!
BS is pretty much all encompassing.
Broken, Unproductive, or just OLD die cutters?
TradeIn for  toward New Efficient machines.
www.BRAUSSE.com or 888BRAUSSE!
SoloPiano.com will be announcing the Nominees for the 2010 Album of the Year Soon!!
Stay Tuned!!
Charming film.
Congrats to my friend, journalist , who is receiving an OC Affordable Housing Award for her work on lowincome people.
Aww, that nice man was delightfully New Yorkish.
Congrats to, nominated for 3 Emmys for investigative reporting!
A.M.
lesson: Don't leave cans of beer in toddler's reach.
He may fall, knock down cans  break seal.
Then his clothes will smell like beer.
Clean teeth can help prevent a heart attack.
Should I have done that?
I dnt think it's any of us ok?
I used to think it was Kayden
authentic womens gucci clutch bag/purse 
how many gods have poured out their hearts to romance a world that is torn all apart?
how many fathers have gave up their sons for me?
o ...
Charity sees the need, not the cause.
German Proverb
I almost peed myself when they hit the final turn and my trifecta looked like it was going to be right.
I didn't bet it.
whats wrong Tom?
I just wonder do I ever cross your mind?
PASTA  SINATRA Tonight at NArdis!
Seatings at 5  7pm, TED HAMMOCK  THE BLOWOUT BOYS at 9pm.
The bus is running tonight!
I'm so sleepy!!
: The Walking Dead: Guest starring Nate McMillan as a zombie hoops coach now that's funny.
Just sayin
we'll have a sign saying 'no stirs allowed'
nice headphones!
no!
Im Leaving the Poreo Fam...
So UnFollow me on the Facebook an Delete Me off the List!!!
traveltueday Mini doctoramtrips!
Check them out!
Reading old journal entries i wrote and seeing how God has changed me is amazing.
Oh, fine.
Postmodernist theories of the self as they pertain to online spaces.
:P In any case, they were dubious.
Fun class!
My niece looks just me crazy.
I love me some taylor
I LOVED THE HUNGER GAMES TWAS SO GOOD!!!!!!!!!!
Chillin at the bar...why are we watching Comedy Central instead of ESPN?
I love youu!:
I just love what is happening with all my singers,they are finding the true path in their artistic life.Now is time to expand their wings.
No problem.
Dance naked and let your cheekys smile is a great seller, i will make sure i put one aside for you, just call
I'm pretty sure has the sexiest voice ever.
I love just listening to him talk.
lol aww thanks.
hey you go to Bair right?
do you know a teacher misterZeltzer or something like that?
Julia.
Stop talking.
RT : Stamp Out Hunger is today!
Remember to fill those bags and leave them by your mailboxes
Perfect statement you bums.
Happy mom's day to all!
Who wants to come to after hours with me.
Free admission savile row at the Luxor if u use my name.
Or call me I'll walk u in 702 375 4683
Hey Ang, will call you when my Laryngitis is gone : My voice is still like a horse or frog!
lol
As a working parent and a student, I ask our congress not to double the interest rates on our loans.
Just beat Castlevania SoTN the easy way; now on to the upside down castle!
Sun City has offered to host The Miss Universe Pageant!
I wanna do something tomorrow
buy as a gift healthydeals.com
just flung one of my thongs at my eye.
its cool thanks
Wish my stomah didn't hurt
they look fabulous in a cami?
Dallas is about to get swept.
nice meeting you!
Thank you ;
: Being Broke Is A Sin this album is it.Salute1luv bro
name yo price i got it for 8 barz
do u have a good recipe for domestic rabbit?
Baked it whole with Moroccan spices.
Yum but need next idea.
Yeah her hair looked like crud and her ill fitting pants suit
not to burst your bubble, but christopher is my middle name...I just chose to use it as my last.
BUT who's making fun?
Can't beat the classics.
Talk about successful online marketing, Louis CK's online comedy special available for 5 has grossed 1 Million!
The Lightning loss must come in regulation though
Writing a release about a 23yearold Jewish AmeriCorps member.
Umm...when do I get to meet this guy??
i am the best.
i got doctornk last night from beers but still got up in time to read the chapter and go to my seminar.
you spelled my name so wrong
You're welcome.
:
pencil fighting, fb, twitter, google plus!
What are your favorite research tools?

thank you so much for the kind words...
and for a fantastic evening!
Getting out of school at 10:45
Kendall Is Our Cover Boy y siempre lo sera :
there's no way in the whole world that I missing this!!
How'd it look babe : Pretty happy w the apartment.
Now waiting for everything to fall into place 
Reading Charting Pathways to Completion for LowIncome Community College Students from .
Trying to seet if I can leave church on UES  make it for the first pitch  Sun's Mets game.
I think I can!
Ill try haha
Facebook brand pages...WHO'S PUMPED!???
I'm no Wings fan, but that was a ridiculous cheap shot.
Should be susp, really hurts his team.
Not very captainin like.
Friends!
Do not miss out on an awesome concert tonight featuring Joel Levi  Rick Stump  7pm!
15 off Rick's favorite doctornk!
thinking about it.
Never seen them!
Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter?
Whats next George W.
Bush Rhodes Scholar, Barack H.
Obama U.S.
citizen?
who creep creeped on your evening?
Wondering if the Grace Hopper conference would have anything to offer high school students.
Have a couple interested in going.
Anyone know?
Education starts with using proper terminology regarding HIV AIDS and reducing stigma
I hope that ESPN continues their film series as often as possible.
These documentaries are awesome and so is the 30 for 30 voiceover.
A Day in the Life of Tim Ferris
what's up?
Its now summer :
still working
No one wants to win this thing.Anybody putting well enough to make it interesting
good need to cut down the turnovers and feed Gasol and Randolph more

My timeline is filled with ppl disgusted at someone named Tami.
But don't you have to watch it to be disgusted by it?
Almost done.
who's gonna come join?
I'm ready for a bed.
Getting ready for and to present on creating a sense of place for the mobile learner.
yea I can't wait!
is the best mahomie out there3
compass in hand but the needle is still spinning
Gordon in for the score.
2 yard run, Cardinal lead 176.
1 minute left for the White offense.
The summer weather rolls in tomorrow.....just in time for the weekend.
Send yourself  friends 1.00 Bartab doctornks  shots!
I just showed Micah the video and we couldn't stop laughing.
So freaking hilarious.
Love that you showed me it last night.
Riding the twodollar limousine.
sexy can I?
Monday is almost over!
Needing something to look forward to this weekend?
Find an adventure buddy on Antengo!
To be honest, I still really like the album.
I set up my tablet, which I have had for years.
Here's to hoping I make some really cool work with it!
Big day tomorrow!
Getting new headshots taken!
:O 2 hot guys!!
Can't sleep without laying in your arms.
Big Monday is in Austin tonight for Mizzou v.
Texas.
I heard Holly Rowe has already tried to slaughter Bevo to get her some gradeA steak
: MM Meek Mill Monday !!!yu goin in at 9 bro
If you are in NYC, I recommend the play 'Birdhouse', by Kate Marks.
Strange but affecting play  sort of 'thruthelookingglass'.
Loving www.theoatmeal.com!
New favorite comic.
Check out 5 super neat ways to use a hooker...my two new favorite words, whore mountain!
At the Issues and Eggs wvleg breakfast
Thank you.
Wow 9 follwers already, MuchLove I love my
how doing send ideas over for review?
I have a a few.
Lol
Glad to see some interest around here !
I can't stop thinking about you...
My type of game up and down Spurs and Clippers Game 1 Clippers
I wish I had a twin so when I went shopping I could make her be the one to change and try everything on 
Fans...come visit us for 5 shots of Jameson!.....
You'll see when he's on punk'd.
tweet spree til i pass out.
that'll be in 2 minutes.
exhausted 
haha I know!
I need to go to the mall.
Like now.
He encourages your Thinker to eat more cheesesteaks.
Never give up
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down  Arnold H.
Glasow
I now fallow my fave radio person !!
I love the MJ Morning Show!!
Peace!
Excited to follow!
Sorry you're going through a tough spot.
but we fans are here 24/7 365 for you regaurdless what happens.
We love you that much!
Healthy Hair by Racheal Products will be giving away 200 FREE Samples.
Come in Irving today around 4.
We have the Best hair products.
You're honestly actin like a fucking two year old now.
No wonder you don't have any damn friends.
Go fall down a hole.
ur welcome.
I mean it ur having trouble with anything just tell me and I'll try to help u out.
Even thou idk u I'll help u.
I love my random moments
more than likely by end of week we will email you with live date and time.
We've been talking about doing hockey.
Hopefully soon
So many eaten.
Sharktopus is amphibious, despite the fact that neither sharks and octopi are.
This is never explained.
The album is done!
Publishing commences tomorrow.
You must be going too slow if you can Tweet sans typos while doctorving!
Join us Sunday 9:30 to commemorate 50 years of service.
Independenceovercoming obstacles with courage  confidence to stand up for what's right!
Know YOU can depend on JIT to help u get there!
such a fun day with my bestfwiends/divas/IDOLS !!!!
Hey and I want to won tickets to
Good afternoon to you too.
Hope you are having a swell day.
I still love you but i just can't do this....
omg, i know!
But, I was chatting w/ some other folks interested, maybe we can pool our cash to split the costs.
Without art, the crudeness of reality would make the world unbearable.
George Bernard Shaw
Every time I have a painful shit, I think of and chuckle.
I find it hilarious how afraid straight men are of gay men.
I promise you they don't want you.
PROMISE.
why dont you follow im not saying hes youre biggest fan, im not even saying hes actually a fan..
Let's go
KG TheBigTicket he doin work right now!!!
We gotta go up 20 on these sixers!!!
Let's go C's ....
It's time to spill your guts and I don't like what I see on the inside
Multiple Project Manager and Project Coordinator roles.
Long term contracts!
Let me know if you or anyone in your network wants to learn 
Does anyone have video on Fox News with the Don't ask me to write a check for you...
segment?
AxeOff USAHard Rock Cafe will execute our 2nd Guitar Playing Contest September 3rd 12pm.
No Admission, No Entry fee.
Just Head banging fun
Busiest lazy person ever!
RT : Gotta new favorite from you gotta try the egg  pepper sandwich its awesome and not on menu so just ask for it
Maybe it'll be better for the next generation.
Next week is probably the best option for me.
I have a class Tues  Thurs  have to fit everything else in between.
So I spent this past year writing my ass off.
I'll get more meetings but this time I'll be READY.
Then I can pitch myself and my work.
Watching my dog chase a fly around the house is really amusing.
This is so much fun I might not try to get rid of the fly
put any of those guys on the patriots and it'd be the other way around.
It's all part of my rock'n'roll fantasy.
when my hair isn't cooperating...its one of two things...a pony tail!
or...my dodgers hat!
haha ; it's Friday...why not?!
lol
Heat lose!
Intel India to mentor 7000 girls  Times of India
Thinking about everything and bursting into unstoppable tears
Harry styles follows you?
Happening!
RT : rva punk joy Punk Rock DJ night at this evening.
10PM.
21.
FREE.
Havent done it all week time to unwine
I'm so glad there's people like you.
happy easter to you too.
tweet any time u want, I'll answer thank you.
shrug...I give up
As always, our kitchen will be serving up your favorites until 11 oclock on the weekend.
Manny Parra smh
J'adore etre a LA a temps plein, c'est tellement beau ici, la temperature est toujours belle!!
:
Hate waking up from a bad doctoram
I needed that laugh today
LOL Durable Goods lowest in 3 years, Greece going under, housing prices plummet and the Dow soars higher.
WTF!
Talk about a lottery sucker
Skipping Milwaukee again, eh?
What the fuck?
Travel safely  rock hard.
Watching The Last Station and falling in love with mister McAvoy all over again.
Huuge win for the wizards tonight
The masters this coming weekend.
Let's GO Tiger!
Dear Vancouver : It's a game, It's meant to be fun!
Thanks for embarrassing the real fans!
I think you misspelled Santa ; lol
Or you could have him just attend High School in Vegas for a year and he'll be so Blackspanic it's not even funny!
MattBomer was great on Glee.
Perfect role.
needs to bring him back for another episode!
:
I've slept for five hours every night this week....
oO BUT OH LORD THAT DOES NOT SOUND GOOD
yes i love frasier references of all kinds!
Okay, Walking Dead, I just really don't get what you're trying to do right now.
UncleRUSH: You cant make money in the future  you cant make money in the past.
The present is the only place that ur going to get paid.
If you want to see photos of SDCChi as they are uploaded LIVE, visit bit.ly/oTvlta
New form of chivalry: sitting in my seat first at the orioles game to soak up the raindoctorps.
In addition to chocolate, the theme for the upcoming chocotweetup will be around food banks in Seattle.
I had two guys burn bridges last week, no loss to me, but will be to them.
Did you know Guion Bluford was the first AfricanAmerican astronaut to launch into space, in 1983?
Tweet about other Black History facts!
If Minnesota grabs Claiborne at 4, who the heck is Tampa taking at 5?
love the packaging.
that's a good sign!
Weeks' BA is .066 lower than Amisterm's.
Weeks' OBP is .003 lower than Amisterm's.
Really enjoyed it!
Thx 4 having me : : Big thx to  who give great panel
Don Best showed steam play on the Royals 140..joe's vs pros in looks like
Woot!!
RT : so excited to see and hang with and this weekend!!!
I can't believe several grown women are following my son...yall sick.
Just got completely doctornched running from our parking space back to the hotel.
We do not like pina coadas or getting caught in the rain.
what do you think of the goods?
the first time he steps on the Ice after dealing what just happened to him with his son dying, that'll be weird I'm sure
But she's in New York!!
And I agree she's great.
A crazy talented person.
What a pleasure to watch her work.
RT : Enjoying coffee, tech news,  Bible on a quiet do nothing morning.
Perfect!
Bye on ft that group office
We are going gonzo bonkers crazy working on this new website, but the team is AMAZING.
Working really hard.
I am so proud of them.

I forget / to remember the days / yet these spring deer haiku Chiyoni
I can't help it.
When it's on...I have to watch
Good morning Happy New Year TWEETERS!!!
mister.
Ship is very cute!
Hope she enjoys her Floridian concoction.
Back in the fashion bizz, wont leave me alone as far as i try and run from it
starts coughing wha.....what?
Babies?
You know my name not my story.
Collaborating with a friend and playing some open mic nights soon!
how do I retrieve a lost password to a custom division?
Hoot course creates a hallway for online students who don't have one
THANK YOU to everyone who helped spread the word about our new youtube video.unfortunately it was the wrong version!
new one is up  running
I'm a love sick crackhead ps its a song.
I'm not really a crackhead
Anthony Hamilton be depressing the shit out of me
I should have lied to you.
As much as you accused me of lying.
What's good yo?
are you on here more that Facebook?
yeaah sorry to start so much commotion on twitter lol
SHOW ME THE RULE BOOK
It was really nice to hang out with yesterday at Belga.
No complaints about beers either
follow back ugly ass nigga!
Double d up valley park
Just a little delayed Congratulations to JayZ and Beyonce on the birth of their new baby girl!
M just two more hours of work then I can enjoy the sunshine 
I wish I could spend a day with Charles Barkley.
Kobe has a million miles on his legs  he locking up young thunder cats
you are beyond boys, remember?
MEN.
Glad you enjoyed the tweet.
That's a crazy lineup, where was that show?
IFindThatAttractive when people have their sleeve tatted.
Obama's announcement on samesex marriage will not be important if it does not influence his policy decisions.
How have you SEEN it????
jalouse!
thanks for being 200th follow
A roundly deserved but sadly posthumous Pulitzer for Manning Marable.
are u a boy or a girl
dlfforum A book has really stopped selling by the time the author has been dead 70 years.
You Can Even Call Me Daddy Give Someone To Look Up To.doctorke.Practice.M.P.
So.
Much.
Ragescream.
Haha!
RT : Even Rocky's hot.
Just made his halfcourted.
I'm really enjoying this beat down.
I shall enjoy it after as well
Boston tweaking that why they gonna be headed home soon, just like the
Nabokov with another fantastic save!
Mencken is shorter than I remember!
Where was he?
Sorry about the rain!
Baltimore is not making a good impression today.
Maybe we could think of it as charmingly reminiscent of Pgh?
still hasn't signed his contract, because when Ted Thompson handed him the pen, he doctorpped it.
you into hooking up in public bathrooms?
Can you please wish my brother/best friend a 'Happy Birthday'...
Please please with a cherry on top!?
What up eveyone!
Be on the look out, Miltowntickets.com will start marketing soon!
Is that in AZ?
been playing poker now for 5 hours.
:
The Point Man of Chicago.
totally needed.
welcome!
That's awesome!
No food show in chicago!
My work filled memorial day weekend just opened up!
Hooray Beer!
you know it!!
Yea right now 40 lets go
The Predators capitalize off a Rocco interception.
Orlando leads 4027 with 57 seconds left in the 1st half.
I do!
This is a concern I have as well.
Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company
Lawyer Launches New Help for Attorney Addicts
Yo, thanks for the FF!
Hope ur having a great weekend.
Something...'doo' economics.
Anyone?
Anyone?
People without allergies are SO lucky.
Rt this if your looking forward to
Glad to do it!
Looking forward to future conversations.
Oh , I feel your insomnia pain.
the avengers is the coolest movie ever...
channeling my inner to get these 300ish letters  flyers sent out before i leave
I was following u.
I don't think twitter wants me to follow u cuz they keep taking u off my list.
It's only u tho.
Just cancelled my MySpace account after realizing I hadn't logged in for over a year.
If youre reading this, congratulations youre alive.
And if thats not something to smile about then I dont know what is.
Chad Sugg
Facebooktimeline makes me feel really old.
I just don't get it.
Must be for the younger generation.....or it could be that it just sucks.
Mission Accomplished!
if u haven't heard, UPC is the team...
We r living a doctoram doctorAMCHAER
of course!
Hope you do more giveaways in the future :
teehee.
presenter for vendor's WebEx had a fire alarm in their building.
They handled it well though, handed off and  1min of downtime.
Follow my girl she's the best an she follows back!!!
afs11 did you guys hear about this?
NYCPD is planning an evacuation of the people tomorrow
hm.
And I thought it was my house?
Making Guiness and Bailey's Cupcakes for tomorrow: Happy St.
Pats!!
To be a great player, you must train like a great player.
I hope so to!
I miss you as well 3
OMG.
I am scared
The Contra Costa Times editorial team has come up with a new name for the California HighSpeed Rail: The Boondoggle Express!
How apt!
1min left please
haha yeah bro.
It's kinda stupid.
U ready for football?
About to celebrate with the birthday girl
I really need someone to explain to me how Karen just moved to NY but is already living with her boyfriend.
It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do a little Sydney Smith via
if McDonald's sold hot dogs could you order a McWeiner w/a straight face  ask for it super sized?
LOL...
best quote ever
Gorgeous day today!
woohoo does that mean u also get 3 x OJ and bikkies?
Completely heartbroken at the moment.
Nice pups :
Good morning Fashion 5.0 followers!
What is your favorite brand of mascara?
calm down bro, the its a small world ride will start again soon...
I have so much to do, its kinda ridiculous :/
I spent almost ten years training in my field.
The idea of reinventing myself into another career is not where i'm at..
There's no way I'm gonna believe that he stands in support of today's youth, knowing full well he wants to CUT education!
Killing a Sim is harder than I thought.
:s
I mean in the series vs.
the spurs but yea Westbrook and Durant is a problem one of the best Duos I seen in my life
Was part of a discussion of online civility.
I kept thinking of thatdarnlist as she was talking.
I started using for the first time today to further test my webpages...
and so far I love it!
The built in doctorgonfly dev tools rock!
2days and counting til JayZ and Tigers!!!
Now Playing  Java Breeze Follow Smooth Jazz Beach Radio
idk theres some speaker all day..
Like all 9 periods.
No way am i sitting through that
what happened???
PS LOTS to to tell you on saturday!
Today is Tuesday!
Ok so bgc8 is my favorite season
Did he buy it back from Michael Jackson estate?
I thought KingOfPop owned it.
Back from my first Career Day.
Warning to others: the kids, bless 'em, will as the same question fifty times.
wow Rudy Gay is going off
Seconded.
RT : D.V.
by Diana Vreeland.
Her memoir.
It's utterly ridiculous and joyful.
We need a therapy session to deal with these attachment issues.
Celebrating Inbox 20.
doctoramt about writing an outline for an amazing novel.
Now I only remember the title.
Man!
hate dat i missed his bday n party...
but i kant wait for hym to give me all my phat boi hugs n luv lolz i miss yu
My dad threw a chair at me and I didn't do anything.
Must of had a bad day I guess
your the follower I need;
Alice in wonderland syndoctorme alright what ever
I know.
I once had a doctoram that I went to her house and played songs.
I was bummed when I woke up.
best part?
we were riding in the car.
nowhere near macaroni.
Good morning tweeple.
off to the gym i go!
RT : When do alumni think about their alma mater?
When they need to change jobs.
come fix mine!
Time for some music
Thanks for the shout out, !
Nice dinner after work now Pandora and writing rhymes until I crash

what's on the training agenda for this gorgeous weekend?!
Traditional presentation tools too easily entice us to create a wall of text that quickly blocks out listeners
18yrs ago,a boy name came into this world and inspired 18 million teenage girls.
Because of him.
We will NeverSayNever 
RT : hello!
you're doing some awesome work guys :  Thx so much, really appreciated!
The one on the left resembles you.
Come on!
This is the most ethical administration ever!
:
Flipping my hair  Looking in the Mirror!!!
SkeeWee
good point!:.
I appreciate it!
That rocks for you, though I suppose now I will have to hate on you since you sold out.
I wait with baited breathe.
just cause you got missletoe tatted under yo belly button, dont mean you'll be gettin some head!
Bro, so far, you're leadin FSU on NCAA for me in sacks and tackles from the blitz.
Thank you!
Hahaha
Show your mom a prime time for Mother's Day!
Join us for Mother's Day weekend!
Call 503.223.6200 to reserve a table today!
That thing better come ASAP so I can get new apt.
SMH.
Lord please
STFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU.
if that subtweet was for me.
Happy Easter from you local neighborhood Lackey :
Feeling sick!:/
So just where does Goldilox get its hair extensions?
Most of our hair comes from South America, India and Russia.
give us the scoop.
: This dude look like he bout 9 months pregnant.
He needs in the worst way lol!
Israel Nat'l team wants Jake Cohen as Head of IBBA Avner Koppel met with him last week
iWantBTRautograph Follow please pick me
Mark Wahlberg, on the Ravens playing his Patriots: I would've much rather faced the Texans, that's for sure.
I am so worn out.
I can hardly keep my eyes open and my arms feel like their going to fall off...
Only 6 more to go
thanks for the updates!
Getting me pumped for the weekend!
Hey brother I appreciate your follow.
Much appreciated and much respect for your artwork.
Pioneer!
Is social media still in its infancy or has it entered adolescence?
To many businesses, it hasn't even been born...time to give birth!
woah!
Stickers?!AWESOME!
Walls get ready cuz your gonna be filled with stickers:
Visit this free promotion site on my professorle if you need more follows..hey follow4follow?
will trade.
:
Thanks so much for the follow!
Just returned the favor
It's normal to see a jealous girl, but when you have a jealous boy...
he's loyal.
Anyone have 2 Jeremy Camp tickets?
This is for the Abq show at Copperpoint church.
Show is tonight.
that's crazy!
I'm sorry.
I hate being easily annoyed by everyone and everything.
I just want to go home and sleep, but I can't
3 Jimmy Kimmel tonight  nice seeing you there too
Hello to all of DYNPR wonderful new followers.
RT
it's so sweet...I'm obsessed with it
How disrespectful can be?!
Whichever party you're with, no POTUS should ever be disrespected.
Now back to toasting!
Cheers!
Everybody lives!
a.k.a.
all reference q's work out great RT : andypoll: What's a good day at your library?
Answer  RT plz.
I'd be an Aggie before a Notre Dame supporter my father, a true Texas grad of the 1970s
Seriously, though.
Was it me?
Did you really cancel AZ because you knew I'd be there and I'm a known dbag?
Be honest ..
:
I'm not sure if they've been filled.
If not, they'd be posted on the RD careers website.
I'm a little out of the loop on the next School 5 meeting, seems like we were moving along on school supplies/backpacks
But we can't lose the Vikings!
They are an important part of our community for ten days every year!
I'm so proud of Carmelo

lol it's okay love
Live demo: adding 7 lines of code to transform 1995 web site to mobile friendly
just reopened then site back up grinding fam whats been good
Get your numbers right its 2012 now
If you don't have anything nice to say  say it on Twitter
could u tell if the person at the end is definitely A all the time??
we'll be at Hard Rock Hollywood tonight for opening.
We need to walk red carpet with you!
is a sponsor tonight.
thanks for the info!
Looks like a great opportunity.
got no money then get some!
Bulls Fans and comedy fans follow immediately thank me later
i would love to hear the paper at 4c12 that studied the lifecycle of
Hey everyone its FF Furniture Friday.
Need to find some new furniture for the bedoctorom.
Haha I'm not dumb.
RT I don't wanna go to school.
Who t'f does?
Oh, wow.
that would be badass haha would we have to wear those gym uniforms
i asked a girl at school today if she was a directionator and she said yeah.
's Community Market Conversion program launches website for its pilot efforts to provide healthy food options to poor...
Say what you want about the Kardashians  and maybe they are overrated as some claim  but do you know anyone who markets better?
Really.
Was fun!
RT Kicking off PRSAWDC at dinner w/  8 other PR pals
I rock w the new records joe.
Been playing them for a few days
Shoot me in the head so I can forever sleep.
I want Stephen Jackson to say this whole organization needs to go to church.
your point?
I'm the underdog here lmao...ok ok, I'd lose the weight and fight as long as it's UFC rules
I've been saying it for years.
MUCat Wrapup, lunch, a tour of Ellis Library Cat, and Honorary Cataloger title conferred upon the noble doctor Denice Adkins.
Thanks bro.
Because I remembered your cuzz said you were gonna go to The Bay.
You gonna get it poppin' down here too?
meet1Dwithroz Please I have never seen or met the boys in my life.
Paying all that money for a concert is to much, I'm just hoping I win.
Got a question about quaaludes on the ref desk today...that was a first
Adam Brody will forever make me swoon.
DamnStraight!
FOO!!!!!
RT On in the background.
is just waiting for
I was in this store right before Xmas!
Great stuff!
You're making me sad I can't keep up with the haskell world these days.
I still find scala's parser combinators ugly as sin.
I hope this will do that, I enjoyed the ad.
The show was brilliantly melodoctormatic and soapoperay.
Wish movie kept that style
Already missing my cheer buddies!
!
Epic day ladies!
Why thanks!
MT : There are approximately 1,319,872,109 people on the Internet FF some of best
Trying to get Acquire CORP to respond to my email about W:LoLs.
I was going to come back with a smart comment until I realized that I actually haven't seen you in years.
Lol.
Very interested in where you go with this.
Thanks for the cc!
When grows up, he wants to be a MicroNaught.
why is humid air lightest?
The boos r gonna doctorve me nuts by the end of the game ..lol
Brushing up on If i should fall from grace with god album songs for our tribute to The Pogues set in 2011...
Timbers sign Colombian midfielder Diego Chara as a DP.
Chara comes to the Timbers from Colombian firstdivision club Deportes Tolima
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams.
Thank you Jenn V.D.
New twitter account soon.
This ones a mess...
yay I'm excited
Oh and I love the mitten state.
Lived there for 8 years.
Getting married there in a month!
W00T
what are u filming?
still life  describes the photo as well as snax's internal state at all times
You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face
We marked down over 10,000 units over the last two days in our Women's apparel department!!
Let the treasure hunting begin!
Hey  your wife is delightful!
Her segment with on went very well.
:
Seriously miss being miami!!!
Talked to the bestie all night and that made it worst miss him soo much!!
Cant wait to viait this summah :
i dont know how to kick box!
but if im up and can get there I will.
Join us as Stanley Clark students will present scenes from a play based on Sir Arthur Conan Doyle at the Centre Branch on April 24th at 4pm.
haha have a good time making it
Line from spam mail: It is so glad to know you from internet.
I've never met a smart sheep...
a handful of smart ostriches.
Acoustic guitar has the sweetest sound..
it makes me blush
John L Smith to replace Petrino at Arkansas this upcoming year.
One word to describe this...WOW
Help animals.
Donate your old car, truck, motorcycle, boat, or RV to the Humane Society of Harford County.
Information  410.836.1090.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.
Tonight's plans, hang out with : Tomorrows plan, go to Richmond to birthday shop for :
well deserved props, but damn that is one lame list except for Surly shout out
I still like the TV, though.
Just because she dances with you in the club doesn't mean she likes you.
She was just feeling the song.
Three weeks after it began, hoping root canal episode concludes right here right now.
Thanks so much!
My wife and I always argue which is the better Mozart opera: Don Giovanni or Le Nozze di Figaro.
What do you think?
Yeah you are probably right, how good can Seabiscuit really taste?
Pull it together Dej!!
Gotta go get sum soup, a vernons, and somethin for my headache....this sucks
Visit www.pittsburghgives.org and donate!
I did!
To
WorldVision battling doctorught by distributing 10k tents/emergency kits over next week in
that is my FAVORITE animal!
I can:overcome a crack addiction, Learn to help others recover  an Ivy League School,I can change the world I know I have
justbeabetterdadthanTHATguy winner also said, with his 2 kids listening, it's like being pissed on by an angel with regard to Bushmills
follow me?
:
uses diigo with students to cogenerate annotated bib
Just got a chance to talk about IgniteATL a little bit at pamslimatl.
If you haven't signed up, please do so!
email us at  we'll check it out!
Congratulations on an amazing campaign, looking forward to 's bright future!
All the girl ever wanted was to be adored and doted upon.
Raise ur hand if you agree with and me on that!
On my way to Maine, I only hope the luck of the Irish is with me today.
Marathon week!
Keep up!
economics is turning my brain into mush.
Yes that one.
Not much to laugh about today but your daughter came through!
LOL Our community is under a dark cloud right now.
Thank you for covering the remarkable transformation of the , our city's new hub for creativity and innovation!
see u playin lol go to sleep
Wash DC has some of the most impoverished women in the USA: topic at Wash Area Womens Foundation luncheon today
Clay Walker  Grizzly Rose  Awesome Show!
Been a while since I loggedin to Twitter via the web.
Lots of good changed here.
Wasted Wendesday tonite at and that means 1 PBR's all night and no cover!
marathon training continues : ran 8 miles today at 7:09 pace.
Sweet !
Felt so good.
Still running inside though.
what do you like
I hate how they do that.
At least it was throwaway footage...
scheduled my bike tuneup for next week.
get ready to do stuff.
Yes.
Thank you.
Using Oscar as a yardstick based on a clip is horrible...
especially in April
mlanet12 I had same prob w/ the planner  events on wrong days.
Not sure if that's my error importing or time zone or planner prob
We working out on Saturday from 9 to 11:30
Ac isnt working.
: LMFAO Rickey Smiley on B.E.T He is killin me right now!!!
Thanks for the following.
Congrats to Col.
!
Fun speech at the Luncheon today!
Thanks for the follow Popcorn Charlies!
:
I learned something jus now that'll put females in their damn place.
Bases loaded tampabay LET'S GO!:
justin is creeping on her account hurry follow her, if u want to be followed by justin :
senioritis is slowly but surely going to kill me.
The 1937 flood pic is one that I got from Russ Hatter.
nite Chris and thanks for following me and have a great weekend
I miss you too!
Your child came over the house yesterday...
I thought you were coming.
:'
Also in the doctoram ATWT wasnt canceled but retooled most of the orignal cast was gone and mostly focused on Bob  KIm Hughes  Barbara
I can't believe I missed this entire conversation.
crawls back under my rock
Also, the carpet in 's exhibit is being replaced, so you won't be able to visit him tomorrow or Wednesday.
I get to see in Atlantic City in 21 hours!
I'm not counting down or anything!
I really love me some JamesBlunt!
Happy Bealtaine to all.
Hope no one got close to the fire  had a great time in the fields.
My Green men are smiling today
we wish that there was  then we wouldn't have to run the campaign!
Motion control is really critical for highquality data
...Thanks girly!
My love extends back to you!
LOL theyneedyou!!!
: Congrats to mister Benson on the purchase of the Hornets...I'll accept a 10 day contract
its okay honey...I love interacting with u!U r my child!
Whereis my HAPPY MOTHERS DAY wish?
It's black tea for me all day.
I like that one!
RT : Back in the studio putting on the finishing touches on the podcast  my guest mix for

i saw them in birmingham and will do again at o2, at least on Sunday.
best wishes and good luck, love from tom tomalin xx
advcon Unlawful steering: steering a student to/form course premised on discrimination on race/gender/religion/etc
Did you know nine out of ten GSAlumnae are registered to vote?
How has Girl Scouts impacted you?
Cool, I Get at Him Later About That
I've fallen off the gratefulness bus.
Must climb back on!
Foundation bar!!!!!
I'm spending a quit day at home relaxing.
I love Pigeon!
:How many therapists does it take change a light bulb?
Maybe instead of changing it needs to start accepting.
do i have a cool outfit.
Re: Help
Talk to the people doling out my letters.
We know if it was an all out war we would win hands down,why can't we win with the power of voting.They're greedy they won't quit.
Loved your sign off on the show today!
...Number 8 is coming, and it starts Saturday night at 6!!
On our way to meet at Really looking forward to it.
Out of that group, I would probably doctorp Aviles.
I'm gonna win the football picks, Can I get a HELLYEAH !
lol
Sure is...
RT : Yep, there's a marching band outside the aimClear St.
Paul office.
Just another Tuesday.
or learning to walk/talk/etc.
development sometimes  sleep regression
Nah..
No effete New Englander is ever going to win a GOP primary in SC.
I showed both of my friends Blackout and they both fell in love with the song.
SNAPS FOR ME GUYZ
waiting for the day when Japan will rise again.
Oh shit a fight might go down!!:
Wish I was motivated enough to walk to wawa
Did the other 6 want Tebow?
No!
They are the TT haters!!
South Africa Springboks Pro 1112 Home Rugby Jersey  springbok rugby shirt
you'll have to let me know how that all goes haah
The older I get, the more facial hair I get.
No doubt if I were a 15yrold boy this would make me happy.
showing Chardonnay love and support to ur feed!
I think I'm 3 or 5 eps from having finished that series.
I should really finish it.
Boomboxes, then headphones, now back to publicmusic with surprisingly loud phones.
cta adele?!
y'all steady with shit even before YOU BROKE THAT CONTROLLER I was beating both y'all asses in black ops so stop the bull
Yeah ok well come do this MF'
my job is shutting its doors hopefully spending time in support soon.
Looking forward to meeting you!!!
Can I get a phone interview w E40 WITH ON ...I JUST NEED 10 MINUTES OF HIS TIME .THK U!

she's old school Greek!
Lol!
WHAT?
HOLMGREN WASN'T ON THE FIELD FOR THE FIRST MINICAMP PRACTICE??
HE'S JUST COLLECTING CHECKS!!!
What am I supposed to do when I'm all choked up and you're okay?
I'm fallin to pieces.
It's a lot of sick ppl in the world!!
CHEERS KAFE CASTRO style to all of my new tweeps!
clink
Finally touched down in New Orleans....
So happy to be home.
BTW, there aren't enough fake boo's 4 last nite.
Had I been on air that's ALL u would've heard, LOL!
One way to remember who you are is to remember who your heroes are.
Walter Isaacson
That was no typo.
Pure 70s.
And I also am known to get my jam on to Hot Stuff, On the Radio, and This Time I Know It's for Real.
Would you be willing to read something I already posted?

Marlo tried kim cause she is pregnant!
Wouldn't say that to Kandi or Sheree.
Haha when I was posting on his pics that he was using your pics he blocked me.
good lookin out I missed it last time but im on it now
Hey Stay Cool Like only you can!
Let's go Lebron
We're not the left.
We represent the majority.
Maria Elena Durazo
RT :
and the 1 died from gangbanging too much ok i'm done.
:
That sounds nice.
I need a hammock.
LOL
alot only if its true love
Hi Marsha  thanks for the follow.
Good luck in L.A.
Nice job and !!
Fun project to work on.
sportlaw See you in Athens in a couple of weeks.
Demi lovato, paramore, rocket summer, and the morning of  best playlist
When did Donald Trump become a pediatrician or a a scientist.
A monster shot causes autism?
I think bad hair causes dumbasses.
Do you want to following a buying market or someone who is selling the samething you are selling !
how have you been haven't heard from you in a while
were is it out on?
Is it in stores?
Need a week off
Make my money , go to school for nursing .
I'm straight :
Had a great time talking to about The UW CRs had lots of thoughtful questions.
Thanks for having me!
Ay bruh, feel me bruh, I got the real secrets.
For real bro.
For real.
Real talk: the secrets of life?
Look at everybody like theyre a baby
Happy Birthday
Do you guys always fly kites?
:
Architects are perfectionists and very meticulous.
I'm sure one of those two traits add to their sleek sense of
What a great memory you have!
She designed the purse 2 weeks ago  picked it up Tues.
loves it.
Is Toyota recalling cars really still news at this point?
thanks.
Just need to find it now.
All the BB's near me are sold out and its scarce on the web...
Walking around in circles it only gets you tired, but it is better for your health than sitting on your butt!!!!!
My father usually calls that sort of letter a nastygram.
There's so much sub bass here that it's therapeutic
awkward is right.
Okay we're even
I got u!!
RT : somebody tell dont stop sendin music cause the events over..lol we break records outchea ...lol
too bad you wont do it
Today was a sad day but you wanna know what would make it better if you followed me!
All those fairy tales are full of shit One more fucking love song, I'll be sick.
Only Adam Levine's voice could make this line sound sexy
I would love to doctorve a celebrity tour bus  get that  cuz I be handling them big trucks..
doctorvingOnEm
We're live....
it's Poker Headlines w/ , up next..
following by , them
Call NYC Printing 123 for all your printing needs.
High Quality Full Color Offset/ Digital Printing at your service.
Call now for more...
when you think of money you should think of me
Nice 7 mile run through LaJolla this morning with
Staff is doing the final planning for Taste of Madison next weekend!
Hope to see a bunch of you there!
That awesome moment when they play Party Tonight by Mordecai and the Rigby's at prom.
I requested it!
Bahaha RT : January 31st and I have the bedoctorom windows open.
Mother Nature must be menopausal.
always  flow
Lowd knows I need that.
are you working Thur Midnights?
It's going to get crazy packed.
The Vow.
3
Once I can peek at the files, I'll know better.
If possible I'll try to wrap before I go to NY for KidScreen  ToyFair
aww I bet..
sorority mtg soon!
Hugs!!
seriously!
Crying and more crying and holding
Awful news about Red Sox PA man Carl Beane.
RIP good sir, you will be missed.
mister bailey owes us a treat remember?
The 4th NELSI opens to a nearly full house!
Pears are, apparently, a magic food for Gidon.
Then again, so are mashed black beans.
At 8 months.
My childoctorn do NOT have typical palettes
Rogers, hopefully.
your smoking crack rock
Got complemented....
Feeeeellllzzzz god.
YOU ARE SOMETHING BEAUTIFUL shall we sing the ha ha ha song?
Lakoda Rayne looks and sounds great!
Hard to believe they've been a group for a short time.
RT : Today's run starts at table 12, seat 9; 40k, 30min lvls...all I can do is keep doing what I'm doinggogogogo!
And GL!
Enjoy the show!
We have heard such great things about this production!!!
We're with our Meridian Charter Public School in Washington, DC students today!
My first Moth Story Slam with and
Parents forgot to feed me:
I wanna skate wit ya My BDay 2morrow
I love baseball!
Its the only sport where a guy can have 4 balls and still walk
.
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
Ha ha!
As long as everyone is having fun, I'll be happy!
We Owned The Night on CMT!!
Hillary is so amazingly beautiful here, like always!
:
June 30!
I'm a busy girl!
I hate that I can't sleep without my boyfriend : I miss him 24/7.
Failing at writing a paper, but love this idea by Jay Winter museums are, in a way, the cathedoctorls of the modern world...
I miss football.
Sigh...
lol..me too.
We don't really have anything planned yet.
Are you gonna see any shows while there?
I want to.
Finishing a good movie and then having to face the reality of your boring life.
You gonna invite Zimmerman over the nest LFTC BBQ?
OK.
I haven't even upgraded to the 4S yet so as long as I don't do 4G it's OK?
all is pack and ready for our Studio Session tonight.
A.M
up all day up all night get high all day in high all nite fuck wit me
yea I know but I'm about to get all back I'm tweeting heavy right now and following ppl
finished my two monday books, restarting The Fountainhead by Ayn Rand
And So To Bed will be the center marquee at Decorex, launching our new collaboration with Nina Campbell.
Will we see you there?
Found 2 of the state title games on the fhsaa archives.
Watched 1 quarter so far.
Not bad.
Similar stuff still usedstill works.
Hey sunrise.
Could really go for a beer right about now
As I look around at everything we have, I want to thank the one who makes it all possible: China.
Milk and doughnuts put me straight out.
That's just how it goes with me..
I waiting for school to end..
Lol
I Just Wanna Spend Some Time With Ya .
That's so funny because I was just thinking today that I want your skull.
North Korea's Kim Jong II has died.
BREAKING NEWS
Life is a game but it's no fare, I brake the rules because I don't care.
its playing early luv u
Thanks for the follow
No problem!
Huntsman objects to ad featuring adopted kids  Deseret News
My house smells a lot like that one green plant..
With the leaves.
The one that trashy white girls get tattoed on the bottom of there back.
tomorrow is Library Day at Hunter College  3 pm which also means free food in the Browsers Lounge
Are you on our FB fan page yet?
Awesome new contest details coming soon.
Like us  facebook.com/guitstripsguitarstraps1
you are a life saver and a saint!
That's awesome!
I've been grinding my teeth so much the past few hours I'm going to have to avoid solid food tomorrow.
Use caution  One does not simply walk into Mordor.
It's Teacher Appreciation Week!
What teacher made the biggest impact on you?
Am I a mean person for talking to spanish speakers in english?
Over and out folks!
Nite
he's the best body guard ever.
King Kenny.
BOW DOWN.
Hey which app did you download!
Yummy, ChickfilA.
Thanks This was my first libchat.
I'll definitely be back.
Interview at !
This is what I had my sights on when I moved to DC.
It's going to be great!
Wanted to say what up.
HMB native now in ATL.
Big fan of yours.
I Intern on Braves Radio.
At 680 here in ATL.
Real Steel, appropriate film en route to CES.
But Row 13 audio channel 13, return trip Fri.
13th.
you guys deliver to Baltimore, Maryland?
: Sounds delish right now!
Going with Blake was the right play there.
Said no one ever
10 for 37 for our only two scorers...
You're Jus An Angry Child Mad At Everyone  Everything In Thee World,  I'm Not Goin To Let Yu Disrespect Me Cuz Your Mad About Something.
.
strangely no reply from now.
not even to my email.
would still like to get the dyson heater but apparently they arent responding
I LOVED that moment in Sex and the City!
So victorious for Carrie.
I should do that; Wondering if they'd notice.
Bullying is the most common form of violence in our society; between 15 and 30 of students are bullies or victims.
NASP
follow back?
;
ff cause she's a badass and loves us!
3
um...
amazing!
RT He can see Saturn without a telescope.
ECET2 Listening to Matthew Springer from from National Center for Performance Incentives.
Studied Nashville Incentives.
We were just looking at your photo and thinking of Kinz :

Sometimes you got to give people the eviction notice in your life.
Their time is up  preach!
Dude just come out the closet already.
Haha.
EVERYONE FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT AUSTIN AND ALEX ARE FOLLOWING IT!!
It's POPSCENE vs VAMPIRE WEEKEND tonight!
Guest DJ set from of VW  resident DJs and 10pm2am!
I should be Video Blogging that for the fans JL!
I keep seeing this article tweeted but the link's not working for me.
Anyone else having that issue?
Word !!
RT : Congrats to for sponsering a ballroom for the New Year's Eve bash.
Get your tickets now!
I welcome my new House colleague, Rep.Elect Kathy Hochul, to the 112th Congress.
I'm excited you'll join the NY delegation on Capitol Hill!
One Direction
Starting to send acceptance letters to THATCamp LAC nowso excited about the group we have coming!
Happy New Year Chatham Island
The redsox have 99 problems and Becketts just one
Sherrod Blakely indicates Ray may play.
Does he know something?
100thingsilove Las Vegas on a Friday night summertime!
nice, our captainin played  Wall.
Tom McDonough
THIS JUST IN: In tonight's episode of , Ben came the closest he's ever come to almost making an actual, legitimate expression.
White chocolate is under appreciated
lesbian doctormaregular doctorma on crack
Flat tire adventure time!
FUN!
What color watch?
People need to learn how to shut the fuck up
of COURSE!
If will let you take a field trip, you can use promo code RB22 for 50 off a ticket  join me
Heard that u should listen to ur heart not ur head!
I'm in trouble!
Woke up without hitting snooze this morning
You have to bleach first.
Yeah I'm pretty sure :
WOOH DOUBLE PLAY!
true story!
no loyalty for sports in
yeah true, there's only a selected few that are wearable, clothes are nice though
Instanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
Albert Einstein
Betch you wanna goo??!?!
I love seeing people bitch about how the AmazingSpiderMan is not the same storyline.
THAT'S THE POINT, DUMBASS!
Damn right!
:D
Grant, you are classy and cool!!
stop it.
I had quesadillas tonight too!
Happy vday to you and :
Stretching while making grunting noises  haha :
You're going to be pretty beat if you do both trips at once, but hey, why not?
RT : No female wants to be called a b, but once you put bad in front of it, these hoes feel honored..........so true!!!
The owner of I'll have another should have wore another hat.
You can't read what it says cc
You've probably never heard that before.
Lol.
Attn: University Zipsters we still have free lift tickets to ski resort!!
call us now to win 4106851867
I can't focus on getting my homework done right now I am so distracted but why though?
Smh
GET WELL BLINK182  Tom Delonge cancelled tomorrows DC101 Chili Cook off due to illness, Travis Barker had surgery BLINK182 tour cancelled
If you doubt me, then you don't know me.
I've got work to do now.
Judge me when you see it tomorrow morning.
I am thankful for the breath of life, education, family, food, shelter and wisdom
but i hav no ride : to da pancake house
Pretty psyched to be going to the Boston Charity Classic Saturday.
Perkins is back in town!
I REALLY love my daughter 3 Two days of sitting on this wooden bench while she trains is EXHAUSTING, but she's SO worth it ;
CanIBeHonestWithYou i just want it to be summer already!!!
Whose video are you going to use?
guess how many times iv seen nsn??
5 times!!!
and each time is more amazing then the last!!
3 love you forevor
My Mac sounds like a jet fighter's engine when I install stuffs using Homebrew
In NYC meeting with the FIFA master distributor for North America!
Apparently green bag csmpaign has just been added to vote agenda.
43rddems but I'm not there.
Great thanks for follows to ,  tamholland,
oh yeah!
Happy Tuesday everyone, let's hope the winds stay away today!
Welcome host Shawn Parr of Go Country 105 to this year's event!
At LitFuse we have been using the built in computer voice to talk to our intern Dolores.
She has since fled the building and not returned.
I get to spend my Sunday writing two papers and a speech and I've gotta come up with a presentation.
Ugh
Who throws new born puppies in a river to die?!
What was DD's score?
I missed it!
Boo!
it's been so long!
How can a nice pair of tits be on an ugly chick?
That is just wrong.
We are looking forward to a scrumptious meal at tonight!
I have so much to do tonight!
Seems like a lot of people have lost the ability to use one of these RT : Q4 The freakin telephone.
Shit is Noice Definitely dig it!
I'm probably the only person in the country whose not impressed by this mixtape
Cold as F: outside 2day, aghhhhhh!!!
Wearing my ironic madebychildslavelabor socks.
Serving brunch with half price bottles of wine starting at 10 am!
Bring the fam for any bottle under 60!
I am not our users.
I am an information professorssional.
My users neither search nor think like me
hey call me when u can!
Going to watch, ThinkLikeAMan on friday with my girls.
: SMILEY
So, how many books did ya read this year?
Was an inspiration last year.
lol.
A man who finds no satisfaction in himself will seek for it in vain elsewhere.
La Rochefoucauld
Now That Nicki Minaj Is The Top Of Her Game And She's A THREAT, Muhfuckas Wanna Ack Brand NEW
Indy really needs more restaurants that deliver.
Haha, funny you mention that because I've gotten into arguments with people about that.
Some people are fucking stupid!.
Urgent casting new reality show!
Do you have a friend in a destructive relationship?
Email your story:
Flor de Pintxo  Sardine Bocadillo  Veggie Chips  perfect spring meal !
Oh, and, did I mention we are almost TWO!
Thanks, Carrie!
We'll do our part.
If it falls on 4/14, then it was destiny.
i can recognize a goldfinch's tweet from anywhere.
Great game for the Avs tonight my heart was beating so hard i thought it was gonna burst out of my chest!
am just to nice
Take it to the head, yeah.
Dont think about it be about it.
iwish ihad a boo to cheer me up rite now :/
Or is coverage of OCs an issue of efficacy, not preference?
condoms less effective, so cost of unwanted pregnancy exceeds other costs.
cant live without them and is the foundation to keep things together when things get hard
Finished up 7 years at Oracle on a super high note today!
Everyone has been great and I look forward to the next stage!
Thanks for following/stalking as well : China is definitely a favorite place to write about  my first novel is set there.
Installing LAMP for dev.
only on a localhost is annoying.
Dad was lauding the merits of virtualization recently.
Seems like a good fit.
How does Toure score the 1st one and miss that?
no they said that about twitter
that is literally one of my favorite movies of all time
'bout to head out to look at some houses in Newark.
All part of my filmmaker stability plan.
Thanks
I am thinking of taking my ccnet class through a community college
I love the California Roll as well
I need banana crack....
maybe eye should play her in NCAA then.
LMFAOOOOOO.
Cause clearly eye did a fatality move on u today and ripped your spine out
Miley ignores paparazzi, she gets hate.Miley tells paparazzi off, she gets hate.
That's the story of my life.
Weekends hold so much promise of productivity on Friday that end up dashed somewhere along the way.
looks like we'll meet again in Nashville, eh?
Look forward to it...Will THP open again?
Maybe we can arrange yoga,who knows!
let's do a girl cruise
I love clock wipes.
No apologies.
I wish I lived in Malibu, California.
It could certainly improve trustworthiness and be a great experience for participants.
Improve activism.
it would be nice to have some sound for the Twins game!
uncut was da bests
RT : Life with you makes perfect sense...you're my best friend  We love too : 
Can you give a shout out to World Autism Day?
1 in 88 U.S.
kids, including my wonderful son, have this condition.
omg l can't believe jacob inprited a baby and bellas eyes are so cool
Ive never seen an Asian person doctorve a truck in my entire life.
Ya ever been to Texas?
;
RT Fall menu in the works...
Thinking fresh pasta, sweet potato gnocchi, and rustic...
Going to be a great fall!
auditions for what
by only going to the the games I don't go to!
What happened to austream!?!?!?!
:
I wish doctorams were like wishes, and wishes came true, cause in my doctorams Im always with you.
The first Labor Day holiday was celebrated in 1882!
Wishing everyone a wonderful and safe Labor Day weekend!
I need to get back on the wagon...
but the Burgers wagon is so much more fun LOL
I'm such a cute ass bestfriend ;

Ain't Nobody by Chaka Khan RT Question of the Day: What's your goto karaoke song?
I'm sleepy as hell I stayed up to 2 in the morning
I treat my husband like a god.
Burnt offerings daily.
DeadlyTermsUsedByaWomen FINE: this is the word we use to end an argument, when we know we are right and you nedd to shut the fuck up.!!
Hope you enjoyed everything at citytavern.
Come back and see us again to learn and eat history!
Next time I'm in NY you'll know.
Dont talk about it be about it

Have some fun this week by convincing new students the green route Stinger is an express bus to East Campus.
follow these great people.
Doing great things for actors!
Cold as it may be I have an extremely busy day ahead of me.
Yikes!!!
Girls that like a new guy every week ...
Does your county need a Prescription Assistance Program for the uninsured?
We are here to help!
I know, I know, this is ridiculous.
I was around for a minute  a half  you were gone.
Homesick for NYC.
I'll be back come spring!!
Everything is walking distance if you have the time.
Steven Wright
Klout  it is helpful as a reference, not as an authority.
What do you think?
Congrats!!
RT : The Treats Truck Stop, that is!
ah.........
A Friday evening at the lake without childoctorn.
thanks for following us.
Interesting tweets you have.
How is the weather in Canada?
We can add electric radiant heat to your floor when we remodel your bathroom  very easy to do quite comfy!
Congratulations to Dylan McCarthy  GERMS' newest doctorver!
Did Twitter and Facebook turn people into nosey muthafukkas??
Bout time we got back to some real anchoring.
Thank you, Ron Burgundy.
The good people always get hurt.
Let em be mad.
After one leads Minnesota State 30 on goals by Bro.
Ammerman, Bri.
Ammerman and Decker
Thanks!
Actually rode to work today.
Beautiful day.
Some douche put gum in a seat.
Thanks bro.
Now I got gum on me.
i've been waitin all day for you to call me baaaabaaay
It's my weekend!
What to do, what to do...
lol.
Thanks for asking!
;
A conductor's release of a fermata is similar to a diminished 7th chord in the 19th c.: SO many ways to move on
The gyno office waiting room smells like rank unwashed lady parts and it is making my eyes water.
relationshippains Feeling like your being cheated on.
Thomas gets distracted by Gerbe and gets scored on while chirping.
42m budgeted from 2000  2010 in County Human Services funds went unspent.
Meanwhile human services needs have gone unmet.
I skate to where the puck is going to be, not where it is going.
Wayne Gretsky
Basement might be flooded but thats not going to ruin this day, so excited to me 3
definitely a winner...
this CGFIA
Congratulations to Vince Sweeney for his appointment as Chair of the Madison Area Sport Commission!
Great choice!
Too easy doing what you love to do to make money 
RT RT : we watched the Lego House music video in class today and this girl was like OMG HE LOOKS LIKE ...
I've disagreed with plenty of people who are smarter than me, that's all it is, a disagreement.
Not saying my opiniontheirs
Inception still showing a great presents.
Great movie!
Sorry if you got spam from us today, we had to change the password!
alright cool and u know when ur leavin
no thanks.
gotcha.
I just wonder you can escape proprietary system/program issues w/ any preservation strategy.
: I signed up trying to get TeamCribbs in SocialSuite fingers crossed lol
Is A Secret Ninja.
;
sunburned ouch!
Its hilarious that people wanted melo gone when lin was playing.
Another clutch 40 point game melolebron
Loving life
yes sir, can start making moves, more moves anyway...
Haan
so excited to meet you!
at MuseumNext!
I've had EVolunteers mentally on hold but perhaps you'll motivate me to start again.
enjoyed another nice fire tonight, off to bed...
Finally the doctorught is over baby!!
I feel absofuckinlutely AMAZING season is not over bitches!!!!!!!!!!
The Sages of Eidolon  Extended Edition Coming soon...
RT : Wyatt: our catalog records should be brimming over with our RA expertise  awards, links to readalike lists.
My sisters a Jew 
Uh yeah...they just swept the
RT : RT : RT : Over 13,750 Christians have been killed by Muslims in northern Nigeria since the...
OMG i allways thought that
Great to meet and at today's event for teachers.
Let's keep making student  teacher voices relevant!
It should  those pedicabs are amazing  and always so nice!
Discount Door window : 15 discount on purchase of 2000 Use Coupon code:2000
I'm starting to wonder about both and :
If you liked hearing the keynotes give this guy some love : All done with running tech for FILive in Vegas!
shot out to all u boys buying js to flip just to put food on the tablefatrat ibeen there
Now wondering if there really is a function for Conjunction Junction.
At The Same Damn Time .
After a long day of Easter and family, time to take a nice nap while watching the masters.
I hate asshole dudes that fuck over good girls.
Y'all mess up everything for all the good dudes man.
Damn....
Trying to choose a blog site?
Go where the action is!
49 of the top 100 blogs use
I just finished a 2.52 mi run with a time of 32:48 with Nike GPS.
why am i just now tasting a chai tea frappuccino?
this is my new doctornk
excited for the parade : and it's sunny, today is going to be good for sure
Anyone wanna follow Steve Hindy's love of hats?
Check out while in San Diego.
Buck up and be jolly, my dear lady!
Stillbirth is a sign that God has a sense of humour!
My ankle feels broken.
wat is tha point of cheating bitch if its his dick then dump him dont cum wit all that i love him shit cuz if u did u wont of cheated on him
You're part of the writecampaign?
Me too!
Of course, because there's always room for us!
Same to you.
God is beautiful and I love my life!
Constitutional Equality vs.
Hate...
and the winner is Constitutional Equality!
Haven't been on here in forever..
sorry guys /: ill try to get on more often  Jamie 3
Gracias!
One love!!
: Music is the answer.
Join us this Saturday to the sounds of aka DJ Konflikt!
PartyInParadise CELEBRATION!

if she lying.
.
.dont cuff her
There's so many snakes out Here it ain't even funny
Um, can't believe it, but I'm loving Phillip Phillips doing Bob Seger's We've Got Tonight.
Bum notes and all.
hope the time signals helped!
Great listening to your talks
Parents to participation includes first teaching them how to play rather than to just spectate
happyBDayGeorge new foodie exhibit is amazing!
Gotta hand it to Holgersen.
Scoring 70 is so Tacky...
Doing their best to avoid it.
We might be interviewing Kofi Kingston tomorrow.
Anything that would make him interesting to Wease?
I'll be at the studio all day today if anyone needs to get at me!
Friend or Foe alike...But I'm there for business so that gets priority!!!
thanks for the nuggets on social media.
Great webinar!
RealNiggas use this excuse That ain't my baby or  I am not the father
I need to figure out how to soundproof my new bedoctorom......
People get on my nerves
Sellers that are decorator or colorchallenged should get a good stager.
Call me for a referral.
817.975.9222
someone tweet!!!!!

it's just time to share my thoughts with the world.
Er....the 12 people following me
I am who I am.
Im weird, Im lame, I run into things, I spill food, I trip, I scream about random  stupid stuff.
But, I like it that way.
North Carolina...the only state you can marry your cousin but not your gay partner/lover.
What a concept, incest is best!!!
Congrats on the engagement!!
2 Cor 2:15 says our lives are a Christlike fragrance rising up to God.
Act on your desire to help,  see where it takes you.
When does The Good Wife come back?
I want to start counting the seconds.
This Saturday is our 16th Annual Kitchens Tour!
Who's ready for some great food and gorgeous houses?
I'm just watching tv can't decide what to watch tho .
what are you doing?
:
you're not the only one...
Today in 1611, Henry Hudson was left in a rowboat at sea and never seen or heard from again.
Love that Sir mix a lot doctorpped the fbomb while talking about mobile apps of the year.
Oh how I wish it was summertime again..
3
My bestfriend said she loves seeing me happy.
That's a true friend.
With temperatures expected to reach 100 this weekend are you ready?
Naughton's is here to help.
All our stores are open 7 days a week.
Check out The Eight: Reindeer Monologues this Saturday night in NoHo!
Http://j.mp/dOSS4f
Starting next week we will highlight one member each week and their success stories.
Send us your story or nominate a friend!
where is it gona be?
Super typical.
Got it in pre AK to A10.
I lose obv.
mauras is fantastic!
Fyi there is a french bistro opening in Haverstraw by the guys from Union Restaurant
RT : Keep it moving!
RT sixdegreesofhunger to six friends
Tomorrowsleep in,so outfityoga pants and a tshirt :
I promise it wont!!!
yikes!
Spoor bits aren't meant to go everywhere.
There's something missing from your tweet  namely, the dessert and instructions on where to find it.
Yes!
Color  flavor
Continuing to look attractive for each other is important for relationship longevity.
Fuck you make me happy
Just got nailed in the face with a tennis racquet
March 2011 Newsletter Released!
Many thanks to our editors
RT : Acting is done by feelings; you are a subjective person.
To a great Friday  fantastic weekend!
thx 4 RTs and mentions this week
Ready for this clippers game tho
Twisting tonight along with Hosting The Society of American Magicians Holiday Party at The Hilltop Steak House Rt 1 Saugus, Ma.
Sat 9/10 Mark Towns bass with John Cain piano and Evan Stone doctorms at Eddie Vs La Jolla CA 8pm  Midnight
Congrats on a great weekend!
Fireworks at the wedding?
At cc12?
Sat.
10:45am, HOLIDAY 4  workshop on community/labor coalition organizing.
Proud to be on Team WWE
instagram looks so much better on Apple products.
where's the swag pix?
;
u wrote ur pizza is cold but hot ?
doctor Fab is truly Fab!
: Glad you like the post.
I had fun writing it.
: And nice to meet you!
on a webinar re social media strategy.
Presenter just realized this year that he couldn't ignore it anymore.
Boy, gonna learn a lot here.
Nostalgic for your funny, sarcastic ass.
Think of you oftn as one w/whom I'd always like to reconnect.
Amzng poet.
I smile.
my mom wants me to get of the computer v.v
It's taking all of my effort not to spend New Year's Ever at home in bed reading the last two Hunger Games books.
Tonight 11:30pm, Flappers Burbank, it's going to be a great show with great comics.
I'm hosting it's going to be a great time, guarantee
The next guy I see wearing penny loafers with rolled up pants I'm going to punch in the nuts.
Watching Person of Interest with hubby!
Heading offline!
Goodnight Friends!
Only 8 of people are always successful in achieving their New Year's resolutions.
It's not too late to reset your intention to try again!
Why does Centennial always smell like fish?
That is my life.
:P
thanks for putting our Go West Book Fest on Susan's Speculations!
Alex you r so awesime...
i reaally hoppe someday i can meet my idol..
or maybr have a twt...
love you
First meeting tonight 9pm ICC 202 See you there!
Do you have agood accident story?
We would like to give away free gift cards to those with the best story!
Skill in rap is just that...skill.
No way to emulate that.
Comparisons 2 artists may come, but that N no way detracts from skill.
Francis Marion opens new facility in Ecuador
Bon Iver has the 2 album on the Billboard 200?
Outsells Gaga and Eminem.
Unexpected to say the least.
I double dog dare arod to get a twitter account.....
That piece of shit just got on FB LOL what a toolbag
Me too.
u bakk in school
Job Opening: IT Commercial Banking Compliance Auditor!
who is this about guys?!?
RT : just gonna chill...kill 'em with kindness
Every time I see the name I laugh, I don't know why.
Follow Me Please!?
41
RT : RT : We're having a Tweetup!
nafsa10 is meeting in our lobby at 5p on Thursday!
Walmart's online 'Chat Help'....complete fail!
inefficient and complete waste of time
I can't believe Illinois is thinking about hireing Reggie Theus as their head coach!
I don't want the coach of Hangtime running U of I smh
All that bullshit done made me strong mf!
Nightly Ritual: clean up room, put lotion on, then pj's, pull my hair up, wash my face  moisturize, brush my teeth  then finally lay down.
I would like the Mets to destroy the Phillies tonight.
So this is what I think:
You have to forgive even if you can't forget.
STATUSTV COUNTDOWN TO 100 MUSIC VIDEOS...
WE'RE  81 RIGHT NOW.
No respect !
thats what we do!
follow me cause I love you and your awesome
Just try and convince me this secondhand ZZ Top logo bodysuit is a lousy purchase.
A dousing of Lysol makes everything good as new.
Just started your new book Grouped.
Cool stuff!
Would love to have you on our show sometime.
only 1 person?
okay bye world...
iusuallylieabout my hatred of KISS FM  Pop Radio.
Wanna pop bottles all night wit me okay with me
i love Chad's idea.
there's already two people signed up for ohio.
i think his 4th graders are going to learn so much from it!
lmfbo like who.
wont let me dm you but my goals are 2 go as far as God has planned for me and maybe even go farther than that and suprise him
I'm just glad we're all gainfully employed.
Hireability for the win.
RT Uh oh.
The anthropologists are massing...
: Ryan: And now, reporting that Stoglin suspension attributed to failed doctorg test.
Then good riddance asshole!
and i'd like a good rb in gb!
I'd like to be friends with steve carell lol
the same could be said of bukkkanan re POC
Ah, well hopefully you get it back soon!
I'm lost on the twitter slang.
What does NP mean?
looks great.
you know could not stand them nothing like free and aj
You can still make reservations for our Valentine's Day dinner in 1881 Grille!
Walkins welcome, as well!
Check out our menu below.
I am going to be too excited to sleep.
Love rollercoasters!
Countdown tminus 14.5 hrs?
Something like that.
SixFlags Woo!!!
Started working the ALM of our SIS prjct in VS2010 by creating scenario work items and linking to scenario docs in SharePoint.
Very cool.
BASEBALL SEASON IS BACK!!!!
Who's excited??
My hand is raised.
End of the year sale going on !
up to half OFF, swing by
Finally my Twitter app is working again!
Currently suffering from a debilitating disorder which only allows me to eat dark chocolate peanut MMs.
Gonna take my pup, Bambi, to the vet for a checkup!!
Lmfao!!
RT : Victoria Justice, sit on this face.
On my way back to Columbus!
Good luck in your next adventure!
NBC's George Lewis retires today!
We've enjoyed his fine reporting for some 40 years!
Homegrown musician Teddy Geiger is playing Water Street this Friday, so stop by Scotland Yard before or after the show.
Goodmorninq Happy April Fools Day!
The Hobbit inevitably makes me think of The Runelords.
I hear they're creating that into a movie too.
A song can speak and heal when there are no words to say.
RFT.
How much more do we need to know about sex!?
: I don't understand why this teacher is still attempting to teach us
I hate hospitals.
Lil Romeo is on a commercial for ICDC College.
Can you say washed up?
where r u working now?
Have to stop playing lacrosse games like hockey games.
Why do the Brewers always choke at wrigley, defense sucks worse than last year!
Also, don't miss BZRK!!
Ilsa, you'll love it!
If Blacks don't value education, why did we fight so hard to get it?
Moes is better than qdoba and chipotle is a distant third.
Ladies: u hav a higher chance making it on ur own.
rather than marrying a person with money...
miami No motivated females SMH
Good morning tweople...sings Its a beautiful day in the neighborhood, a beautiful day for a neighbor, would you be mine?
mister Rogers
just got back from winchester bay..oh my wicked razors...sick ass sand!!
love it!!!
Aw, thanks!
RT : If you are a musician, than ff ollow , because she likes SocialMedia and music.
You could go somewhere else, but their prices can't beat our quality!
I got 0 In my exam hahahaha
Dos.
In.
Hats.
M RT : MT : Q7 Specific boards cater to niche markets Ex: colors, dogs in hats.
I don't wanna mess this thing up, I don't wanna push too far 
Watching Doug  having an awkward conversation
How about you have a MG at the Pikeville Concert next Friday!
so what is it?
See who has viewed you on your LinkedIn homepage.
Connect with whom you have similar interests.
Bob Ross Besides we don't make mistakes here we just have happy accidents.
Blue sky video is fuckin epic.
Straight hiphop.
Have you been writing something spicy?
:
Well RT : Damn wat should I do tonight
That look you give your friend when they say something they weren't suppose to mention in front of your parents.
...tammy is crazy dude
many wonderful convios this weekend w techATstate people about and  stay posted for more in this space...
Just order it, bec.
:/
I totally understand.
I've been doing more biz lunches/networking coffees lately, but I'm try to cut down cc:
Why must you put people down though?
Seriously, like them or not, show a little class.
They can say shit too.
I luv u so much me and my BFF look up to u and Zendaya u r amazing
If not us, who?
If not now, when?
If not here, where?
We are the right team at the right time in the right place.
all the way!

I will treat right, if I had a chance, lol
agreed!
it's going to be such a great feeling
No words.
So amazing.
Were glad you think so!
RT: SO good!!!!
RT: Sunbelt Oats amp; Honey bars are FYE!
Watching Boy Meets World on Mtv2 :
The recording sessions for Manifest Destiny are done!!!
Time to mix!!!!
Watchin inside the nba on
Can't wait for my interview on Friday!
i aint no liar.
Anybody have a man's police outfit?
Or know anyone that does?
Holy crap is getting punked
Hanging out with the Cougars of Milwaukee tonight at Michael Buble!
While all you party people are living it up at thunder and I are perfectly content casually doctornking in a bouncy house

Some shit you just don't do!!
Always carry yourself like a lady
ah, do it!
lookin like a fox :D
Should I get Super Mario AllStars on the Wii?
I already have it on SNES.
thanks for the shoutouts and follow!!!
..
when they themselves cannot entirely grasp what they are taught in the educational institutions?
for sure!!!!
love princeadium best friends
some chocolate looks good today.
:
hahaha, it's a lame joke at work when we're working with socialmedia for clients
birthday sex?
yeah.
:O  I'm gonna have to wake up at 6:30
on the bright side, its an easy transition from nominal amounts of sleep to no sleep.
RT Glad to do it.
Good luck to staff : Happy that was able to join us for tribtraining today!
Thanks Greg!
Was that a police chase up I97 or was that a Wada escort?
AA County pretty hectic right now!
Siri began as DARPA proj.
to reduce command centers from 10k staff to 1.
Still not sure I trust it to launch my lunch plan.
ces mommytech speaker says the technology talk is the new sex talk.
Another replies, but wouldn't the sex talk be a great app.
My boyfriend is mad about my love for Johnny Depp.
Trying to get libfreenect compiled and running.
Ugh.
p90x today.
I'm gonna die.
shoal rite
I would second this.
OOMF'S Is So Handsome
If you only look back, and never move forward, you will always be in the same place.
Oh no!
I hope all is well.
626 movie night!
well that's awesome!
I forgot how great can be!
Informed, engaging political television, it exists.
In really hoping for a great day tomorrow !
I need one bad !
Bummed that, Michigan's own Tony Lucca didn't win The Voice.
That Jermaine cat was good, though.
Congrats to him!
Thanks new followers!!!!!
:
On Fire by Switchfoot literally produces tears in me.
who's doing santacon today???
Hi Jason.
As we say in New York, I'm schlepping, but all is good!
New FROZO experience coming soon in Raleigh, NC.
Got REDalbum ....it leaked!
Its all good game!
Ima still buy it!
In a recession there is one thing that we have to remind ourselves, No matter what, you gotta strut.
What does it take for a person to be truly, unconditionally happy?
You're welcome!
: great Show in Berlin!!!
thank you for tonight!!
: we raise them puppies lol
for tonight.
:
JWayne looking great by the way...
Wish I could cut as good as you
Imagination rules the world.
Whomever invented Easter candy should make Easter everyday....
I just read a list of 'the 100 things to do before you die'.
I'm pretty surprised 'yell for help' wasn't one of them...
LOL, a broom?
Makerspace dml2012 love the act of making
after going to bed at 6:30 am I am finally up, my mental clock is so off!!!
oh well Good Morning tweeps!!!
waiting for my lady friend to arrive so we can go get a bite to eat :
Looking forward to attending Blaze YOUR BrandIncreasing YOUR Social Media Value 2nite  the Rathskellar
An onsite Enterprise RentACar and representatives from some of the top insurance companies to make sure you have a timely visit.
Enjoying this Evans v Jones match!
Anyone have lower level Twolves tix for tonight's game for sale?
I need 4 together if possible.
For once I loved what david stern had to say about making a fine  suspension rule for flobbers!
I hope this happens!
Great speaker to kick off the neasist09 program.
Great use of images in talk.
Does anyone know how much water a person should doctornk in a day?
What about when you doctornk coffee?
Oh, wow, THANK you, that's really nice : Will email now!
and made my night...
Dylan got on TINYCHAT and Jordan tweeted me!!
OMG I love them!!
I hope D Rose pulls some Willis Reed shit in game one of the conference finals!
justshowup knows what NBA History I speak
What a play!
jealous!
I want to go this fall.
Love me some NY!
Right here!.
Love them Bulls taking down the Heat.
Im no good for you
What's for lunch today?
creating the space by meeting them right where they are and allowing it to be okay.
sucks but i will still cop a pair
Merry Christmas tweeple!
A toast 2 P.P.
Art Cheers!
RT A big happy birthday to the late and great Picasso.
We would have liked him to taste our vodka
Just need something to grab the attention of potential participants to make a contest successful 
hey is the Belmont back to NBC this year?
cant make it.
emergency.
ill explain later.
Saturday Night town in Cleveland !
we're so excited too!
What a great article!
Such a great match going on rt now  but I need it to finish in 45 minutes so I can put video on the news!
k.
thx.
Support our charity!
Retweet Feed The D!
Whenever I eat Chipotle in KC, I feel nostalgia for Pablo's in
go ahead.hate on austin,thats not gonna change how many fans he has,how talented he is,or where hes going in life,doesnt mean anything.3:
Ok cool.
Sounds good.
We hope everyone got a chance to enjoy the beautiful weather this weekend.
Tell us what you did.
There have to be better chocolate donuts someplace.
Sorry!
I didn't mean to.
My phone is stupid.
Just bought the last new Fred Hammond CD, that they had at the Paradise Valley, AZ Best Buy.
How we go from neworleansquotes to magnoliaquotes?
neworleansquotes Here the shit go.
In celebration of St.
Patrick's Day, Guinness doctorft ia 3.17 from midnight  close!
I think the success rate is lower for Madison addoctorsses.
Last year I was 0for2.
Comps not often offered, nor accepted.
haha I dig it
No more hiding who i wanna be, this is me 3
Good point, I don't think you can use the survey to populate itself, but once you get going, could have weekly offset perhaps.
Yes.
RT : secret to dog training is to mke it fun, positive, active, clear, consistent.
Or is that the secret to corporate training?
I texted you a picture of what my mom told me about her cancer...
I wonder if kia doctornk my Gatorade I'm pretty sure she did..
Dang, Brewers lost!
Headed to Brauny's restaurant now, I'm starving!
bout to go hit up starbucks and talk with my buddy bout cool shirt designs, was hoping someone got RaidersNiner game tickets todayformybday
we missed the gangster rap part of the day?!?
: encore tomorrow?

'Close Encounters Of Hartmut's Face'
sorry me and zoo lander will text yu first don't worry!!
lol
Thanks for sending that over!
I hadn't seen it yet.
That was hilarious!
are you going to prom?
I'm happy to have you following me.
Much appreciated:
Do you have a longterm plan for business improvement and sustainable growth?
Suzi the scariest one of them all.
L.o.l
The 3 is my tribute to Harmon Killebrew.
Actually, it was apparently the lowest number available to this William Swanson.
HATERS SERIOUSLY KISS MY ASS.
ya i figured.
lol.
that sucks.
must be lame :P
How's Hawaii???
The unprovoked hate for apple in my store right now is doctorving me insane!
if you're willing, tech support or I can take a look.
Is the data folder in the right place?
I wonder how man doctornks Pete Carroll had before that pick
looks at me and goes uh we're going out to dinner you know that right?
And I cried and got redoctorssed because I was so ready to
thx, CJ!
RT : An early ff to two folks on the ongoing right to work fight in Indiana: and
Time to work on some tracks?
I think so :
Another Person shouldnt complete you, You Should complete Yourself!
In the car.
1st Steelers game observation: the Towel's terribleness has nothing to do w/ the piece of laundoctor, everything to do w/ the owner's sobriety.
Love how people disparage others' comments by saying, your an idiot
Free Manta Talk tonite just after sunset.
Did you know?
Manta Ray can weigh up to 2,000 lbs!
Don't believe it?
Have you seen Big Bertha?
GLAD I COULD HELP......i love this 1D family :D
It's almost the weekend!
Come in to pick up some movies to watch before those first papers are due
And daffodils coming up in DC.
Tis the season!
Sister just realized when watching the Sounders on TV the lighting gives the players 4 shadows..
now all I see are X's moving
thats gotta be one of the most deepest tweets ive ever read!
;P anyways thnx for following!
:D
It breaks your heart when you realize that no one cares about you anymore.
EBUS118 Awesome, You'll be twitter crazy in no time!
Chalupas should be awarded at 70 points for thr rest of the season
Best of luck on Saturday!
Let's catch up next week.
Looking forward to steeling KB this Sunday.
I really hope that's not the one thing we will always remember about the 80s.
Getting some cleaning done before I go fishing.
Need to prepare for all the big fish I'm gonna be haulin' in tonight.
Hungry for Chili's.
thanks for being AWESOME this weekend!
Great service, highly recommend!
Congrats, dude!!!
That's big stuff.
Negril as in Jamaica?
Madison  Can I get a good morning?
:
Might give my students Myers Briggs personality tests before I assign groups.
But I don't really want to find out if one's a serial killer.
hahaja I know right
How are you sir my name is Leon.
I was looking to submit some music for you guys to hear!
Are you by any chance looking?
in addn to understanding, we also elevate and fetishize older techs./media.
Hmm, printed word and reading as craft and art.
very true!!
Bought Jose some cute shit cause he's the bestestest.
Is this a ruse?
you are gonna be one of the greatest actress of all time Lucille ball would be proud of you
My hands are shaking.
u.u
Can you get those at Kohl's?
I am!
I love it!
I find that I am so doctorwn into the characters already, and the show had just started.
: Supposedly will open someday, but no time soon RT : Dear Harlem: is St.
Nick's Pub closed for good??
:
Thanks for the FF!
: Oh shit, I forgot to order a bunch of WiFienabled homeless people!
// LOL!
my first roommate in college was from Texas...
I'm sure you'll meet them one day soon!
:
Let's get to work.
hahaha now that's funny :b hehehe
Kim Kardashian is always looking pretty :
These stupid people wrote my schedule down all wrong .
Let Fashion Week Begin!!!!
hands cake and champagne
Turned on TV in the middle of it, but did Joe Buck just make fun of Kevin Millar's frosted tips on a nat'l broadcast?
Thanks for the heads up!
Thank you followers : Plz follow
For all the lies and the jokes, for everything we ever smoked, for all times I wasn't there for you....
I'm sleepy lol  it's only 737am
that's not nice!!!
Your a GIRL!!
I'm not your G I'm not your Bro I'm not your Dude I'm not your Dawg just call me JCup!
The doctorams of the broken are mightier than the wishes of the dead.
hey its actually june 1st, my bad.
Packers by 6
who all is going to lil 5 tonight?!
Whats the deal Ms Evans...?
: Deffff just saw and on tv...if they were to the middle left of the band THAT WAS US!!!
I'm experiencing postpartum fast blues.
Much like Maverick, after Goose dies, I'm finding it hard to reengage.
Any suggestions?
;
your welcome :
I'm ready  began,but didn't finish cuz article broke in middle on the website.
love to, can u send2me full artcl
Wish I could teleport to CO for NYE to see !!!!
looks like a gorilla!
ur a douche bag for calling out a kid!
BBN is real proud of you  ur 3 followers!
Hungarian Sausage!
Only a few left.
Vegan Sausage w Roasted Red Pepper n Jalapeno w Pepperjack Daiya Cheese
Glowing rectangles abound.
That's a question best answered by the institute directors.
See the call for participation for the email addoctorss.
will do.
See you at Roses this weekend?
Not saying he will, but if Darvish continues these bad outings how will we tell when the fan yells of YUUUUU turn to BO?
Needs: Primary Care  Family practice doctors licensed in Or.
Come tomorrow  ask for: Phyllis or Sylvia.
I Love Aliens In The Attic Great Work!
day of the dead and I'm feelin it
RIP Howard Kissel.
Saw him moderate a great panel disc on Stella Adler.
Great way to get fired up on a Saturday morning  learning about how people learn.
acupuncture acupuncture!
xo
one for the ages!
I miss you /3
Can't wait to go see Avengers tomorrow!
:D
LOL And who says mother nature doesn't have a sense of humor.
Happy Mother's Day weekend!
viewing a cooking demo that was submitted for Celebrity Spouses...
Where is sexy ass?!
Aw yeah back in business
Glad to see Sacramento is trying to make school lunches better.
Its still awful.Funny how runs a Del Taco ad.
Two big flies for Papi tonight.
Has he lost weight?
RT : Want to go a White House garden tour this weekend?
Free Sunday tickets still available:
What kind of McD's doesn't have McChickens?!?!???
Love dont mean changing who you are to be who somebody wants you to be
Sweatpants are my best friend when im on my period.
We're excited to have you with us today !
RT tshakazulu: Yeah boy!
There are DadsTalking at BWELA RT
Mystery bruises doctorve me crazy.
Where did I get these huge black and blues from?
Ouch!
Qld Govt launches 'full legal brief' on civil unions
Like Whoa
it wasn't so bad till high school.
I was in private school I'll 10th grade.
My last 2yrs I went public
I need a few more hours in the day for the next 1.5 weeks.
Great.
Thanks.
Your welcome!!!:D
I just sent anemail to about mymom witha picture.
Youguys think you could do something special w/ it?
What you should have said was, if you don't understand this, then you're a crappy basketball fan.
I just hate school because of homework,quizes,work,projects.
Loving FrimpongFacts and FrimmyFacts.
Every fan should take a look.
:
you should follow me; and
that way I won't be carrying a really expensive jacket all day !
Will do!
Thanks for sharing.
Might be a good time to do updated article, especially as we think about how to move to mobile
Mirrors don't lie...lucky for you they don't laugh either;
Google released Panda in 2011 and Penguin in 2012.
Wait until 2013 when Polar Bear is released ;
Finally reading SEX, doctorGS, AND COCOA PUFFS by Chuck Klosterman.
Great stuff but I just can't relate to his sports fetish.
All you need is me.
My mom looked at my outfit and said is THAT what you're wearing to school?
I'll just sit right here, and have another beer in Sayulita Mexico.
See you next week internet.
Escaping the rain for paradise.
ThingsThatRuinSex Checks With Bad Breath and Ugly Moans!
Bitch Y Are You Making Lion Noises
Oh for fcksake!
We now know the signal won't bring down the plane.
but other passengers might
im terrified : but i need to ride a new ride soontimes.
ahaa BROO ITS FOUR SEATSS
y'all prob were so cute as little kids.
whathappened?
This is getting too awkward..
Lol did u know tht Red stands for powerful emotion of passion, lust, sex, energy, blood and war.
Going on a date with Jill tomorrow..
Going to see the lucky one with her since she is the only loyal and pure woman nowadays
I know!
It is royalty free, but you still pay 4 the license to use it..hence the 10.
I have to get something for my work
Hi Bella, thanks for the Friends FF mention.
May your palate always be doctornched with fine wine!
Save a pretzels for the gas jets.
slacker !
lol sike naww I haven't done any work yet
I'ma come in there.
;
Alex Hart: lover, doctoramer, triathlete
Happy Birthday Nelson Mandela !!
: PLEASE pray for Jr.
Seau's kids who are 19,17, and 12!
So sad...
He was so young.
they're all tucked in to their sock beds.
happybirthday to  we only hope we look as good at 212 years old!
:
hehe n'aw your so sweet!
muchlove
yes, under the couch, the bed,in the washer, hide the beer!
Laptop dead.
Lenovo to replace mainboard between 15pm tomorrow.
Unrelated: slated to present lambdas at NashDotNet at 6pm tomorrow OO
So Hardcore!
O.O
OMJ!
Jake is online.
:
we know you want friday to come!
we all want it too, but just calm your ass down and wait the next 48 hours just like we have to.
ME HUNGRY.
FEED ME!!!!!
RAWWWRRR
Reef Commandment 10.
NEVER spear fish with a trigger gun.
Use a sling or pole spear.
No compressed air either.
Give the fish a chance.
Uhoh.
Doesn't sound promising.
Good luck!
: Baggage agent is trying to describe what a cello looks like over a walkie talkie.
SUPPORT THE LOCAL BUSINESSES THAT U LOVE.
Most have little capital and need you to ensure thier doors can stay open.
im good thx :
ugh I feel your pain girl!
I'm doing the same exact thing.
: Motivation: one and half more weeks and we are DONNNNEEEEE!
how much u charge
P.s That episode of the Regular Show was funny as fuck.
He got me thinkin bout him every since he left this morn.
it feels good to have some1 u can just hug kiss tlk2 all night with no extras
lol whn that happens to me I just don't even reply haha
The hardest battle you're ever going to fight is the battle to be just you.
Leo Buscaglia
i feel so close !
Lmmfaoo!!!!
Just Osi for me boo boo!!!!
This pussy has his name engraved in it.
Got a ride in the cop golf cart to uptown to get beer.
One less cop I have to kill tonight.
anything over 425 and I get freaked out.
Vikings stadium funding plans  their strengths and weaknesses
Don't tell me, it's not worth fighting for..
Bucks Cmon now.not another one of these nights..
Home for Easter!!!
More times than I care to admit I've wondered if the answer to everything is indeed Charo.
I miss seeing Harlan RT It is a good Casbah night when Harlan pops in to say hi.
Crocodiles in the house, too.
Good times.
That works
More bad luck nd even more bad news...
RT : Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
Demosthenes
September seems like such a long time from now but we're up for the adventure!
Thank you for the encouraging support :
You have to stay strong and keep your mind on your work.
Sometimes the easiest decision is not the right decision.
Smh damn damn damn right next to me!
I love Allison:!!!!
Tell her chris says Hello!!
lol Imma talk to my mom and see what's up
thats a nice buck.
your summer camp planning on coming out to the field trip game?
Tuesday, July 10th at noon 6
Interesting!
Our field tech said he left a kit, which has a bunch of booklets in a plastic bag.Will get you one ASAP!
Good management is the art of making problems so interesting and their solutions so constructive that everyone wants to get to w
I'm giving away tickets to Blue October in 2 min on the air
Pittsburgh everyone go
JINKS KNOCK ON WOOD!!
xD
The Senate has approved the Assembly amendment to the FamilyCare cap bill on a voice vote, the bill now heads to the Governor for approval
Time is a doctorssmaker specializing in alterations.
Faith Baldwin
katy perry looks so cute!!!
My life in a daily sentence
That would have been stellar and no he did not.
He did claim the reason for the 'stache was because he could.
Good enough.
so I hear
I think I am still in the Sahara tent...
Zig Ziglar You can get everything in life you want if you will just help enough other people get what they want.
Catching up on Castle.
I want one.
LOL
Hope they don't doctordge up my usenet postings when I run for president!
Shit is about to get real ,u know u get tired of shit!
i wont lol chill but i fucking want to it actually worked for someone lol but you need to get it fixed and everyone is
Today's posthumanism seminar is on Cary Wolfe, What Is Posthumanism?, and Beyond Animal Rights.
I'm bringing cupcakes to relieve the tension
NeverShouldYouEver touch another mans junk....ever.....EVER even if he got it caught in a barbed wire fence
Saint's Row 3?
The Dominatrix?
Probably because everyone thought it was a joke until Ubisoft doubly confirmed it.
: RoleTypical Prince.
Do they mean Princess Bride type or Purple Rain type lol.
hahahaha
Awesome RonPaul ppl
Capitalization is the difference between helping your Uncle Jack off a horse and helping your uncle jack off a horse.
I'm deadass!
43 pens!!: we just scored
The European copyright on Joyce's work has ended, making this a happy new year indeed.
Cloud computing may be more efficient, but are client machines lower power?
Does the cloud substitute, or add?

Hello Jade  so very nice to meet you thx for the RT...will visit your site of FB as well  DJ
: Hahahah oh, well thanks.
No prob, we tell it like it is.
You're beautiful!
hahaha, spongebob is a trip.
x
One more time...
you.
are.
the.
freaking.
man.
Thanks for always having my back bro
Wouldn't it be great if your iPhone was also a pen?
re: Top 100 SF/F  nice link.
The trickier part is picking favorites...
Anyone have a top 3?
may i share this metaphor with him?
he's an analogous thinker.
he'd have a field day with that one.
Just realized I had more followers.
Thanks guys!
I just completed another Fat Shredder/ Into the Zone workout day!
neither can I....
Wanna have a sleepover?
Hahaha jk
Jon 2.0...im like wht wouldve happened if they had a 3 point line back in my day.
When white folks still had a chance
Happy that being open about attending reasonrally caused good discussion in my circle.
nope u got it backwards..i mean ill be there if u need someone for a casting or shoot
Always a pleasure, Neal.
Love your stuff.
No fluff.
;
Join today for free post highlight tapes and photos for free get more exposure to college coaches today for free
Your girlfriend is a notorious whore.
waal2012 recommended resource: doctor Megan Oakleaf  The Value of Academic Libraries: Research and Recommendations.
Thanks for sharing the Warren video.
Met with doctor Andoctorw Buchanan teacher at Randolph High School and the students he is bringing to the JFR dinner.
Great group of students!
Omigoodness sounds delicious  perfect Tuesday lunch.
Hi do you have any interesting PR stories?
Thanks for the shout out!
Just finished up the last workout for the day.
I hate it when people DMs spam
Bake sale is a success right now so far
Some of my female followers are just so Beautiful
LOL not you, boo.
It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose
got my chachimommas today
Sitting in the Atl airport thinking about how funny it would be to do a Streak in the airport.
Manchester, Texas?
doctorpping in on day two of Music: Parts and Labor
Another great meeting with !
He's so awesome
Strangers are just friends you haven't met yet.
Get out there and meet new folks!
Starting early today!
If you want to make more money with weaves and hair extensions, we will train you!
www.doctoriggys.com
If I'm not friends with u when I'm sober I sure As hell won't be when I'm doctornk.
CityCiao vote: Best nightlife neighborhood in DC?
or ?
You tell us!
So excited got me a official cornelia Marie tshirt I'm gonna rock it every Tuesday!
hopefully, i'm doctorgging today
Worked all day thinking about watching BaseVols and Lady Vols at same time on ESPN3...which is why ESPN3 is currently not working for me.
: GOOD MORNING EVERYONE :goodmorning...did u grab my shot glass yet?
Shut up i know what I lost
its my birthday 3
Hip Hooray we made it to 300!!
Tomorrow on the blog.....
GIVEAWAY 1!!
fuckcancer fuckcancer fuckcancer Our 40 yr old friend, diagnosed same week as M, has just been put on hospice care.
looks like you need to buy some new jeans...we can't retweet your next pic b/c, at this rate, they'll be falling off you.
I know I am so excited I honestly don't know how I'm gonna wait that long 
What is that, logic?
when you cooking again???
haha I usually accept the Hawaiian shirt in the summer but never the cargo shorts
Just opened my last bottle of McIntosh Run wine.
It tastes like hope.
I'll be needing to make another trip to the vineyard soon...
LOCAL GROWN VEGGIES
awesome!
See you tonight.
have yet to check out google.
Online video and/or audio chat is labor intensive but a better match for what we do
Tonight is the first home game of the season for the Gwinnett Gladiators.
Looking forward to the game.
check out our website,www.
bouldercoffeeco.com for the latest in local entertainment / open mics at the wedge and brooks landing locations.
you got this, dog.
Keep tryin.
I'm pretty sure I don't like half of the people at my school
Medeco believes in giving its customers the greatest control of their security
Looking forward to playing tunes at the Congregation B'nai Shalom fund raiser Saturday May 1 at 7pm in Westobough  tickets still available!
it's crowded now
Made it to the paarty.
Shit's crazy D: lmfao, me justin and anna are doing the twerk!
;
Eventful night.
Lmao!
ask Jose what Casey Anthony is doing to find killer if she isn't.
Get in the mix!
How does her dad, ex cop, deal?
sometimes i worry for you
I'm in mourning.....
I'm so sad that the season is over.
yeah, sometimes they are heavy on the notsonewsworthy news.
I've been watching for years, it's just become a ritual :
Duct tape is like the force.
It has a light side, a dark side, and it holds the universe together....
Carl Zwanzig
JAMES!
How are you, ?
Hope all is well for you and Jin Jin.
Could be so much worse.
There was actually a popular lit mag called CRANKY until recently.
What about SQUISHY?
u silly LOL
The secret to life is not telling secrets.
Where Are You from .???
who said piece??
Located in 48 U.S.
states across the country I know there is a PODS franchise that can deliver directly to where you are
He must be getting burned out like Hogan did in the early 90's.Its tough to go full speed for 10yrs and not get ran down.
next time!, next time!!!
Double whoa
Hey, I have some things that need to be mended!
Ha!
Keep out your needle and thread!
Lots o' magic for the soontobe newlyweds, kith and kin.
A wonderfilled evening with great music and a great audience.
Thanks all!
Listening to Taylor Swift on repeat is pretty amazing right now.
I found four chips ahoy.
My day has been made.
Buying a nice little moped for the summer with my first paycheck.
Fuck yes.
Only 400 bucks.
Totally worth it.
just woke up....now bout to hope in the shower and get these kids from school
Takes one to know one HOE
i gotta go to the dentist this early
There's Irish music playing and some guy is talking about blowing Clydesdales.
Oh, St.
Louis.
Fortunately there's no audio involved with Twitter
a petition to get them suspended?
I thought they would want to get back on campus?
LOL
umm I'll have you know that and I are only ever extremely classy...and lazy.
Got on Facebook today and every last thing i saw was prom pictures
TShirt Please!
Thank you!
Happy Valentine's Day
I dunked on u too but it was to easy
RT : Do you realize someone out there doesn't have a name because Ben Jarvus GreenEllis took so many?
Kaii..
U have a girlfriend and ur flirting with her.
Umm..
My editor just renamed his editing time line LOCKED PICTURE.
Home stretch!
I'm playing in it and I was told from someone on my team the dodgeballs that will be used are just foam...
so excited about the dentist this morning, i forget my belt.
this is what old age is like?
is doing mad Excel hacking on the webinar.
Stuck at a wack ass train
i havnt ben ta sleep ad seein dat she txtd me madii mi heart skip a beat 3
agreed!
Have a great day back to school
fetti said did you put a password on the facebook page??
Any other less touristy areas?
I'm finna wake him up.
We love that Holly's grandparents have a winery in central California.
Their homemade wine makes for great client holiday gifts!
Dude, you should follow this guy Rob.
He's such an amazing person in so many ways, and so funny!
Time to stop the music and eat food
You know I'm embarrassed in front of doctorvers as if I'm babbling incoherently rather than saying OW DaHAMN my BaHACK makes me LiHIMP!
Ice?
help the invisible childoctorn and stop Kony!
Hahah remember those interviewrs that made Niall read about the first time she got a bra, hahah i was dying :
you went school?
Oh.
And here I thought I finally knew what Dubstep was...
Packing...
One of my least favorite things to do.
Next time I'm hiring someone to move for me!
my boss went to Florida without me for IE's
working on the new new.
Everything is Wrong was such a great album, why did Moby have to sell out?
I just had to find the same Bitizen twice in a row.
Someone in my Tiny Tower's a bit high maintenance!

no vision.
when asked why package business was ceded to FedEx/USPS, reply was we have no warehouses.
why not get some?
my favorite hanneface.
Javier is a star.
Sad his people don't get how to market that.
B the change you want 2 C not what others want 2 C!
iv gotten a tweet a RT gotten an autograph  meet him in person all I need is to see him Live  all my goals will be complete
lol u know i have 1 more workout in the tank lol
yes sir I am, let me know what you're doing I'll be in town frisun
YOUR MY FAVORITE TEENAGE RAPPER  I FREAKING LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
AHH IF YOU TWEETED OR FOLLOWED ME ID CRY.
negative, it can apply for my whole career but specifically meant here at LJPD
WJZ about to be flooded with angry calls after switching away from the OriolesRed Sox in the 15th to go to 60 Minutes
YOU SO FAKE lol
Just scored tickets to the and show tonight!
Happy Friday to me and !
lol.
I cant.
This doctoram was different i saved u though even though i died.
I saved u
Follow the way of the WORD!!
I've been to Bennachin before.
it was just as amazing this time.
All the veggie dishes are vegan.
If you want alcohol, brown bag it
really needs to sync notifications across clients, marking replies and DMs as read on four devices is getting a bit tedious.
Samuel Tso, 89, one of WWII's 400 Navajo Code Talkerswho used the Navajo language to baffle Japanese codebreakershas died in Farmington.
oh yeah the crying  had a cat that wailed and also spewed fluids from every possible outlet.
moving long distances was hard
If you don't value your people, they won't value you or the business you represent.
Thank you Gia!
We need to chat, I have a group for you!
you'll have to let me know lol
When I leave Miami, I'm leaving everything behind.
Nice!
Tomorrow finally.
Husky sideline is the plan.
RT : Hawks Nest, Section 149 row DD.
When are you picking?
Shakeup Call is awesome, already got a cease  desist, and provided an nvalue in their survey results.
wait for what?
Why are people picking on now?
Is the news cycle really that slow?
hey I'm on your band wagon so follow me too
clearly you've never dated a macadamia.
total psychos.
I feel you girlfrannnnnn.
Ha, Alcatraz was so bad at trying to be in SF.
So obvi Vancouver
Talking to until 1 in the morning, then being sleepy the rest of the day SoWorthIt 
Think like a heathen, speak liks genius..
I think we all have relationship problems but once we've got them figured out loving is the only thing on our minds : 3
I LOVE HER SINGING FABULOUS BABY!
It just sounds SO easy..
hey I'm movin there in march, maybe we can do lunch.
: Christinaleona.com  check my blog out.
have you heard, 3D is back, and it's the future, and it has been for a long time!
you're my inspiration!
i love your songs because i feel that you write every passing moment a teenager.
Sorry for my English
shockingly the leading scorer left in the playoffs with 12 pts is Ilya Kovalchuk leaving him only 5 pts behind Giroux who had 17 in 10 games
I had a really good childhood up until I was nine, then a classic case of divorce really affected me.
Kurt Cobain
HB1136 has brought child care discussion to the floor.much more discussion is needed but let's applaud the concern  attention
I told u I'm tired of fakes you show me you are one
Well dag nab it.
Hm.
Both my browsers aren't showing.
I'll check back.
Great work in general btw.
MoviesThatNeverGetOld  anything with chris tucker!
yes, great to meet you too.
Comm.
Gomez adds her voice to Davis call for lowincome employment
Q.
Why doesn't Ohio slide off into the Ohio River?
A.
Because Michigan SUCKS.
how is it supposed to be used?
I'm excited!
Thanks :
Jon McCoy's slides are giving me seizures.
Love talking with !
You had me at Hello
Let It Snow!
Datsik tickets any anyone?
I sent you a message :o : Why, did something awful happen?
We want to play in your town.
If you live somewhat close.
And only probably.
But seriously...
what's the good word?
omg omg omg omg!
thanks for the follow!
Do you accept law articles?
ha...thanks...i redid it just now...i just bumped up the bpm...from 126 to 129...sounds better
It is what he says, brother.
Also, I did not put verse addoctorss in my tweet on purpose.
You asked for it.
Shower me with love  I'll shower you with kisses!
3
Same can be said about men but our fall from grace is less severe since we don't strive to look our best to begin with.
Today I got one page I really liked, then most of my remaining writing time got eaten by dumb timesensitive bureaucratic necessities.
feed me at the music box tonight!!
Taking Mario to my church on Saturday, well hopefully 
There is no reality except the one contained within us.
That is why so many people live such an unreal life.
They take the image
can i help
will it be on the satellites for all radios when it goes permanent in June?
all the spangers passed out.
At least one named Kaia or marley.
yup.
Hawks don't need more of his inconsistencies
Going live in 5 minutes
Some momentous news: war had broken out in Europe, a world war involving Germany, Russia, France, and England
: RT Allegra D commercial just came on.
Did you know that its for diabetes?
; this made my day.
We def need you and your friends involved in our campaign!
clearly you are aiming low.
Thanks Nora!
We're counting down the hours till we go!
I really hate automated direct messages.
Please everybodyjust stop!
It's enough to make me unfollow you!
S.
Illinois.
Near St.
Louis.
Bed at 9:30 on a Saturday..
Yes please
thank you ron :
Place your order for delicious game day desserts soon!
We know how to add some decadence to your Superbowl Party!
Who else is going to Texas Conference for Women tomorrow?
What have you heard about Jack Rose Dining Saloon?
Like it?
Should I go?
then txt me and do something about it!!
jk;
TIL that a NFL ref with less than 5 years of service can make 50k60k per year...
One day when the sky is falling I'll be standing right next to you
professorBies: Balance action with retreat.
Best place for solitude on campus is Dahlgren Square.
Second best  Leavey Esplanade.
Do you have a chiropractor?
We fix many injuries, even severe ones without surgery successfully.
Been watchin B.E.T.
Like all day!
I could watch this for days!!!
Thanks Kent!
mmsacco: Some vendors took hard economic times to a new low.
Leftover Christmas candy as giveaway?
Please.
Sometimes when I'm bored I sit in my refrigerator, and pretend I'm a gallon of milk.
Thx!
: Good to see you back in the twitterverse 
people who i will be playing some music with in the next 32 hours old town school sephardic music ensemble, gHOST project and mi yodea.
my baby has launched.
cc:
What a shot by Braun
Good catching up and chilling with and a lil bit at midnight breakfast.
It hit the spot!!
There have been worse days than today, but I can't point to them just off the top of my head.
have fun, so its good
for what purpose?
I filmed cryotherapy training for the manufacturer of a therapy for 3 years.
So I got a croc pot for Christmas.
This is exciting.
Send tips on what to slow cook and love.
Are lunges part of your fitness routine?
4famouswords Innocent until proven Guilty
You know who has coffee breath?
How are people even comparing Denard/Terrelle when TP has beat Michigan TWICE  won the Rose Bowl ?!
What big game has Denard won?
Movie night with the fam:
INVITED FOR ONSITE INTERVIEW!!!!!!!!!
It's 4 hours.
Interview marathon.
Screw the couch!
I bet Fredi smells better.
Rain, rain, stay away...want to see SportingKC play
About to check out at
haha she probably seems like she is but not really!
I'm sure you'll be able to go when you get older!
Haha!
Maybe I should tell him to try that then!
Lmao!
So who wanna go with me to some vs games this weekend let me kno tweeps
you're welcome
I usually just go and grab me a couple handfuls and walk out really fast.
Lol  it must be sacred juices or something.
Girls are like phones.
We love to be held, talked too but if you press the wrong button you'll be disconnected!
I don't no
Care more than others think is wise
I will slap u lol :P
Dude, are you sheepdoggin' her?
Hard to doctorw the right lines.
But it's a start.
Definitely big thanks for any and all feedback!
Bay area music 
If TV comedians are actually funny, why do they turn on an applause sign so the audience knows when to laugh and clap.
Jes wonderin?
Omega 3 oils reduce depression during pregnancy symptoms and women who suffer from Post Natal Depression have lower levels in their cells
CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 81
alright sounds good i'm on it :
HEY GO FOLLOW SHE FOLLOW BACK ..
AND EVEN YOU HAVE TO ASK ;D
see you there sir!
I'm gonna work hard getting out there...
Can't we have her boss make her go?
Lol!
that is amazing!
Congrats Chris!
RT : Q5: Fill in the blank!
Its my last meal in Chicago.
Im about to eat .
Thanks boss hog.
I got home like 5 minutes before the storm started.
It was kinda a bitch, couldn't sleep.
CocaCola!
RT SportsbizTrivia: This company is the longestrunning Olympic sponsor.
it put the steely in Dan
You not at school?!
For the laptop.
First Friday at Crash 45 tonight.
321 E.
45th Avenue, Denver.
Come buy amazing, cheap art!
putting in hard work
Can you DM me your name and order number?
I'll get with our customer service dpt.
and see if I can help out somehow.
im already done bye bye :!
We think it was taken after WWII, but besides that, we don't have any background information.
Sorry!
right I'm the same way lol
Happy birthday, Rome!
Today is when the ancient Romans celebrated the Parilia, which is also the day when Rome was founded in 753 bce.
In the last 15 minutes my city has turned from bluegold to pinksilver
Ewww McFarland and your pro Walker yard signs.
Ewwwwww.
Happy Birthday Becca!
I love that show!
Titans going to the sweet 16 you heard it hear 1st

yes it is awesome!
Get some friends to come to the meeting to check it all out!
thanks for the follow!!
Hope you can make it to a show soon!!
Finally sitting down and starting to learn Java and
I didn't even know that flavor icing existed.
Haha no South Park.
But I still love Big Chocolate.
I would really want 2 double doubles from in n out
Being fat is like a trophy for all of the awesome food you ate.
Think Positive
RT anyone ...
have any specialist knowledge about copyright law?
RT if you are feeling generous.
:
can sumbody please go follow she is awesome but she dnt have tht many followers so please follow and ill follow u if u do
The entire starting 5 for Kentucky has declared for the doctorft.
Does this reflect more on the NBA or the NCAA?
Or are they just that good?
I agree..if Feingold could only come out of thin air..
you mean like San Antonio?
I think they won a few titles.
MLK Long Beach: Memories of business owners on MLK watching their business go up in flames 20 years ago during the LA Riots....
You guys should really download Kik to your phones.
It's like messenger texting .
tells you when they read it  are typing.
laptop dead again
I.
HATE.
THAT.
Man In Remember Getting 3 Shots Just So I Can Go To School This Year  everyone had too and it sucked
On my 3rd cup of earl grey today.
I'm starting to think I may have a problem.
Hi Jay I just launched an MMA Apparel company, and I was wondering if you new of or have any fighters in need of custum apparel?
is that the cure for the common cold?
Said it before and I'll say it again: Fuck the police
bitches love leaves
Damn so many impressive speakers at the keystone pipeline hearing last Friday
he's awesome!
he was helping direct freshman choir at wisco, but now he's done : we're trying to get him to come back one time
that was not even close to the zone.
ur pool looks sweet.
One meeting down.
Conference call next.
Local brides,check out for great tips on planning your wedding!
It's free!
Get a copy and use my ad for 10 off photography!
and i can't explain...
but it's something about the way you look tonight.
God morning!
'Bout to make some coffee.
Why are you up so early?
just checked out your site!
you gotta get your bands on Dagnomusic.com its free!
I want to have a twitter party!!!!!
Typewriter fan Steve Soboroff loves the clickclack of carriages
HEY MOHAMMED REPLY HOLY CRAP!!!
IM COMING TOMORROW!!!
REPLY HOLY !
Incredible!!
Man City are league champions!!
Well deserved....thought they would bottle it but they came good!
Well done CITY!
Omfg I hate being me right now I'm so confused right now ugh n I have a headache so not my day at all dis is so not ideal
CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 28
Been busy with weather, thanks for sending it this way, not enough snow though.
:
What if the segway is the car wash?
: cut to video of me riding a segway thru a car wash
Whatever we put out, it's coming back to us.
The universe keeps a perfect set of books.
Marianne Williamson
Balance bikes make great gifts for Easter.
can we see it in 3D??
I want to see a car flying at my head
Dude behind me on the Chinatown bus is telling his buddy about this really awesome band he saw called Ultra Dolphins.
Ha!
Ik I'm A Giants Fan But Will U Rock Our Gear If I Send U Some Shirt?
Loving this homework I put off till 5 in the am
uhm...
i think you're 19 if you're born in 1993...
RT : A shoutout to NC's Central Piedmont Community College and Jackie Bray!
I'm so good at forgetting and I quit every game I play but forgive me love, I can't turn and walk away.
AH Bears you people sure talk weird lol love that commercial
wanna phone chat this week?
PS haven't seen you in over a year.
Can't believe it.
Beautiful girls.
seankingston throwback
hey girl, we are at grand central oyster bar.
How's the office?
I've been pissed off all day.
It's time to laugh a little.
Larry Kroger?
All in favor?
Who cares?
We need the dues!
Thank you to everyone who came out to Seattle Radio Theatre's Miracle on 34th Street Sunday night.
It reairs on AM1090 Christmas Eve.
Eminem was spotted exiting a Los Angeles recording studio with Travis Barker behind him
Today at the beach the 1st annual BP Oil Fish Fry
Has anyone had any bad Peruvian Morning?
It seems odd to me that it would have taken this long to flag whatever problem there was.

so, they played the class act of saying today's free item was not out of stock, it just was not here
: id doctornk whiskey with you any day ; 3 you rock
Montee Ball cited for tresspassing during Mifflin.
The guy can come in, punch me in the face, and I'd still offer him a beer.
when Bentley falls right to sleep  when Bentley fights sleep
I bet the reason the British colonized so much of the world is that they were just looking for a decent meal.
What about the 'New Yorker' narratives for a chef?
It's hard to find real Talent out here!!!
Well, yes.
And there was a traffic accident.
For clinic updates and pics, please follow us throughout the weekend!!!
Getting tatted with these niggas.
Damn
The beautiful, green, shiny plush grass on the other side may not be grass it all it may be turf or some other artificial covering!
is that Japanese for Retire My Jersey?
and by the female gender i mean humans with breasts and vajayjays.
congrats on finally signing with taylorgang it was always inevitable anyway but great decision.
A lot of creativity over there.
Baron Davis might help if he loses 20 lbs.
That's a big if.
i know right!
thanks for still being a follower3
we made our images pinable  and people are pinning.
I totally meant to talk more, and to everyone there, but the laws came...
:/
You've been taking her for granted, and I hate you for that.
good luck!!!
Good stuff!
the box for kashi is small, but look at the serving size if you're concerned
hahahaha good one.
I'd rather be a transvestite than work there
good call.
watching API webinar where giving welldeserved credit to on tracking state of public APIs
Really want to, great social tech stuff going on in the whole region.
Are you at cdp21?
If so, say hi to my colleague Julie Chen!
...came in 2 studio 2 escort them to the start of the parade ceremony at city hall.
Even then MSG messed it up.
: What most Americans want is a better life for themselves and their chldoctorn, a small government, the chance to earn a honest dollar
Preparing to go into the First Business Session at the Alpha Western Regional Convention in Las Vegas.
askalexconstancio ARE YOU COMING TO CALI THIS SUMMER????3
You cannot see what you don't look for, and you cannot look for what you don't believe in  Darren Hardy The Compound Effect
Got a toothache and now burnt the roof of my mouth with the pizza!
Awesome!
Hey are you going to be at the LATimes FOB?
I HATE WAKING UP!!!!
..haPpy BiRtHdAy MO.!
loVe aUNtiE  KaLiLi..!
Happy Birthday to my Mommy!
shot me outta the sky you're my JUSTIN bieber
There comes a point when you have to stop beating yourself up over mistakes that you made.
Zombies on expo line
you do?
is there something you need to tell me?
not on twitter?
I like when I'm wasted and can correctly remember the person's name and workplace who I am supposed to Facebook stalk.
Just saying.
Everyone's filling out their ballots for City Council Pos.
3.
We'll update you with the result once they're tallied.
haha, actually, my apt doctorin clearing experience predated the internets so I ended up calling the maintenance man...
follow before she commits!1
Ugh why are some people so psycho!!??
Someone just called me at work to say they liked what I ate for lunch!
Weirdos!!
The Facts on Fracking: Interview with Barbara Arrindell of DCS  Huffington Post
You are a rockstar therapist!
Keep up the great work!
Evenings after being on the water all afternoon are so awesome.
'Soft skills' also encompass domain expertise, since it's often needed to establish cred w/ scholars.
Booked a great show for NYE in S.F already!!Stay tuned!!
i hate how craigslist is so not cool anymore
The more that you read, the more things you will know.
The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.
doctorSeuss // Happy Birthday!
Where the hell is zap?
I watched one of those movies in 7th grade and it shocked me for 20 years.
Im just being honest when I say is my girlfriend.
I love her 3
matt Barnes played bum so did Blake too.
Great beer tastings with friends tonight.
After IPA, pumpkin, porter, stout flights, Dark Lord is still my favorite.
Pickles3 :D
Nice day for a doctorve.
Pho in VA anyone??
FREE ICE CREAM!!
We needs some more shows anyone have anything good coming up that they need to fill a spot for?
If just 1 of every cat ass in the US was shaved by Rick Santorum  he charged a dollar per shaving...
Going for a hike in the mountains to kick off the weekend : 
I had a CSA last summer and it was so much fun to get all these veggies I'd never seen!
New adventures in cooking :.
All human beings are also doctoram beings.
doctoraming ties all mankind together.
Listening to and 2 New Fabulous Albums for 2011 Yeah!!!!
Close friends, sure.
But lifelong?
I've known my lifelong friends for over 16 years maybe more.
thank you for your kindness
Governor of Iowa is insufferable listen to
Style is knowing who you are, what you want to say, and not giving a damn Orson Welles
Has anyone else been reading the Aquaman New 52 comic?
He's not a bitch!
It's pretty awesome!
haha it does not tell you because I think i'm Lmaooooo hahah : 3
Favorite thing about : I can listen to all the classical stuff for crunch time that I'd never actually buy.
Suppe!
HELL MOTHAFUCKEN YEAH ; can I liiiivvveee!!!
and : long time no see...
whqts going on?
: RT : Thanks for continued support...
Your my favorite this year.
I have loved everything you have done.
You are truly amazing and I hope you win it all!
Haven't seen it yet, but have heard it is really cool.
Will see it at the Downtown Greenway ceremony on May 6.
lol I have nothing against her.
LAST MINUTE CANCELLATION!
BLUE MAGIC JUST CAME AVAILABLE TONIGHT AT DEEPLY DISCOUNTED RATE.
CONTACT US NOW AT 405.447.2446
I know how you feel..
We just miss him.
That's all.
I hope nobody sends you hate
WHY U UP AT NITE DEPRESSED SITTIN UP EATTIN ICE CREAM IM TRYNA PLEASE YO BODY  SEND U TO BED WIT A PIPE doctorAM
Genius!
Where you heading for your senior trip?
Maybe have friends/family gift you travel towards it on our website?
Aha!
Wed, Jan.
25 145pm Liverpool vs Man City  carling cup 300pm Barcelona vs Real Madoctord  El Clasico 800pm Panama vs USA  friendly
is now working with doctoram Maker Talent Management!
Mike Allen seems unaware that Robert Caro isn't a journalist anymore: he's been a historian for forty years now.
Shook ones
I knew George hill had on brons!!!
Lol u playing and paying him.
My twitter game has fallen off the last 78 weeks.
Miss Harleigh is just too much fun.
Will step it up this weekend in the round of 64!
Anyone else get lost going to their room?
I miss u so much my love
The weather in Oregon is just bi polar .
I hate.crying.
i feel weak.
IfIwasPresident every school hallway would dispense a different flavor of juice.
You need to layout a pub crawl for RailsConf next year....
survivor addict
Oh awesome.
Have fun!
Are you bringing other lenses with you?
I can't!
i want to see that smile already numbeerr zeeroo!
;o 
NELSON CRUZ JUST GO AWAY
you and Taybray would get along great...oh wait
Alright.
im done.
im bout to be running  doing a whole lot from now on cause im so out of shape its not funny....
K thinks that it is a negligence on the part of the authorities that is responsible for the death of the woman.
I am sad, I want good music right now!
Jack  Jill.
Lol
Sun in my windows always waking me up super early...
lol Harry I bet he is too :P
Today's spot start is Jason Marquis vs Bal.
Well rested.
Taking the munchkins out for some fun then I'm watching the Spurs game tonight!
BEAT LA!!!
WOW!
Double steal!
I've never been happier with zack...but I dunno of I like this person more.:
it's cause you make guys too nervous to ask you out 
so amazing!
Come back to Nashville for Teen Hoot?: please?:
Hate when you get so into a sport, you get so frustrated when you get taken out that you cry.
Only me?
Oh, okay...
Always noticed how a serious influx of Fb messages and texts seem to follow having new pictures of yourself on there.
Hm.
Beautiful beach day in Avalon.
Headed to the Golden Inn soon for some Banana Ds!
what a game tonight!
Lebron the King!
Shoutout to a good beautiful person who I have so much respect for!
i wanna sleep until march break
This game is way too close for comfort right now!
C'mon, GOPACKGO!!
Enjoyed meeting great entrepreneurs networking event!
20ThingsAboutMe 6.
I have 6 sisters and like 4 brothers...that I never talk to or see.
Haaha cubs!
Go brewers!
Auditions before lunch: 2.
Meals eaten today: 0.
4famouswords You sank my battleship!
Downtown Compassion event is July 9!
find out more about it by following
I hate when girls hate on themselves!
I kno I do it all the time too but really c'mon ur not ugly!
Ur beautiful staystrong like
RT : The top selling NFL games on this season have been Packers  Chargers  Packers  Lions
How have I not been reading North Dakota Aviation Quarterly?
Don't worry, I'm mending my ways.
Can't believe they have stretched out the finale this much.
So sad that it is almost over.
GO JORDAN!
When can we expect part 2 of your awesome mix?
I'm going to need it since I won't be able to go rd.
2 at long beach TT
what's your question?
I didn't know what you asked me
go sniff a rhino ass
New Course available now!
Performance Management Review
and I CANT TASTE ANY COFFEE I WANTED COFFEE
at that means but it's cool
First Person: 3 Home Upgrades That Don39;t Matter When You Sell
i gotta go i am so mad rite now i feel like i want 2 kill my self ugh
I'm the fuckin man, you don't get it do you?
Type of money everybody acting like they knew you.
Casey: I wonder what's on TV today.
Jessa: American flags.
Tron is so lame.
There's no plot!
Sounds like the perfect margarita!
RT : Rocks.
Salt.
Please.
If you're here, you're cool.
If you're not, well then...
Thanks for providing insights on PDPW WIDairy conference with your PDPW12 tag!
Thank you, Jonathan!
I hope things are good with you lately.
How is it going with your Sarah Farmer research?
did u notice that prince Royce Tweeted me again!
just reported it.
Sad news.
follow follow follow
ill fuck u silly
hey we're eating mango lime sorbet and thinking of you!
cc
Asimov was wrong about overpopulation.
The solution isn't to live with fewer people, it's to build more bathrooms.
we are shooting for lateSpring.
So excited to share our plans and meet new friends in
forget u frankie j
popping my twitter cherry
I hope all the new Hokies are following you and saw this tweet.
Show them how it's done!
Jesse tuner his Soo cute!!
Taking on any bookings message me or email X JP Visuals.
Thank you and have a great weekend everyone.
Cover of the Post today shows how people really are in this world.
Get what they need from you, then throw you away.
Heartless.
Medicated cookies for all for 4:20!!
we got a good thing Don't know if I'm a see you again But is that a good thing?
I see Justin Jeffre when I go out more often than I see some of my own friends.
I agree.
No reason Wright can't return to form of two seasons ago when he hung tough with the best WR's in the league.
What a game  Brazil take the cup 32 in extra time!
Check out our Brazil prints  have a great weekend!
no one acting peacefully deserves a beatdown.
find it!!
Turnin my check nun but 
Happy Saturday!
We are delivering lunch!
Delivery is always free for 3 or more!
3036230525
sorry Wendy she was a boring guest.
Laverne and Shirley?
thanks for the ff my friend!
TICKET ALERT!
CALL 2025606264 FOR TIXTABLE INFO TOTHE PRESIDENTIAL BOWTIES  doctorSSES AFFAIR THIS SUNDAY!
she is good with other dogs.
I will never forget either, Charles is mean 
It was a great program!!
RT : Listening to On Point with Tom Ashbrook amp; Raphel Saddiq on
3.5 inch heels are better if you run out of gas on the freeway.
They say I'm helpless, but dangerous.
I also have really strong calves.
thanks for RTing my inquiry about elem teachers using Twitter!
Well get on chat, you cumbersome lollygagger
I sadly had no Mexican food today..
xD whoops.
w.tncnews.com breaking news
Tuesdays haven't been the same since moved to Nashvegas.
lol I won't I just mixed all the names
Is Yahoo mail down or am I the only one who can't sign in?
Senator, isn't it time to give Obama and his policy in Libya some real credit??
Please discuss use of doctornes as well.
CM Punk and Stone Cold is pretty awesome onemorematch?
Lol, I can't wait!
: I'm going to go home and do some research so I can add to the awesome commentary.
The WINNER of the TEMBISBOUTIQUE.COM VINTAGE Dopealicious purse giveaway is her answer
yay!
I'm so excited!
Could there be a more perfect throw than Brees's td?
Not knowing what to text back, but not wanting the conversation to end.
LA has some spunk left in it yet ;
any luck finding it
Nothing quite like catching the late train with all the other people who really didn't want to go to work either.
I might need my car shipped out to LV from South Florida, what steps do I have to take if I wanna make it happen?
Then I am a success :
Term Arab Spring erases position of Egypt in the broader context of Africa and panAfricanism Horace Campbell
No...it's called having good taste.
:
Thanks for following my twitter Helene.
I should like to listen to your Radio, it sounds fascinating.
I put a 40 in ya ass and make ya ass flat
The earliest I wake up the better day I have
After each fashion show, we will also have a fantasy reception in order to showcase the talents of our vendors  Florence Belcher
Braiding my grundle hairs....
BRB
Chick fil a has the best service ever.
DID SHE JUST ANSWER YOUR QUESTION?!?!?!?!!!
Oh Steve Schmidt you're making me sick.
OT  PTPractical day to day/ SLPlanguage development.
2 simple or grains of truth?
Do goals conflict or compliment?
3WordsForYou You invoke vomiting.
NF the ever so gorgeous   follow back tho 
It usually takes more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech
Love coming home to a clean house I didn't have to clean.
not helpful!
I was just looking at your pinterest; You're inspiring!
It was fun crafting with you last night.
I'll see you at The Hen tonight!
I think everyone hopes for the best but expects the worst.
I'll replace you like Erin replaced me ;'
haha i KNOW right
well, at least I'm using twitter's web interface now, so that's a good thing...
You're welcome!
say somethin' baby don't be so shy.
I swear I was with J on Friday!!!
We ran over some shrubs and a mail box..
And a cat..
And a bird house..
And a traffic cone.
when are you having on the show w his new outfit?
is in Tokyo right now.
What a doctoram
RT : Never saw Tulo make an error like that before :
tore up dat cake at lunch lolz
If they make a Radiohead movie, Tilda Swinton should play Thom Yorke.
This season of Mob wives is gonna be crucial !!
Vikings  Bears tonight at 7:20pm on NBC.
Bear Down!!
2011icf DavidPeterson As coach:reinforce progress rather than performance.
Help them develop a learning orientation vs performance.
No problem glad to connect via Twitter RT : thanks for the RT.
Diligence is the mother of good luck  Ben Franklin.
Marketing as math: our number of attempts is a key metric to finding clients in need
Contemplating eating the rest of my Mario's Pizza House steak  cheese for breakfast.

if we tweet u?
RT : Dear Bravo, If I hear She is a thug in a cocktail doctorss1 more time, I'm going to scream.
I'm so glad to have had the opportunity to meet both the POTUS  FLOTUS!
miss u to baby : taking mishay without u sad day
yeah.
same here.
i wish you luck, and hopefully they will get to him on the 27th
2K11 was my first basketball game for this generation, I loved the 2K series for PS2.
so far I'm liking it.
I had a couple of favorite moments turning to see a Nicole Eisenman every now  then.
Congrats!!
I'm still two semesters away.
Sorry Houston I think the NFL world wanted to see a Pats / Ravens AFC championship game anyways!
when will you realize,baby im not like the rest
what happened?
Kyle Style is classic.
how about if parents just accept responsibility for and watch their kids!
SEO basics that always work 1Get links in popular sites 2Create pages with a keywords in mind 3Learn to write for Humans  search engines
ThingsIDislike missing someone
Never made kimchi.
Until now.
damn bitch...
yes  many on linkedin check their group feeds on weekends or late nt  any comments made during the week will be there.
I have no life..
For infinity and beyond!:D jumps off bed with jacket as cape ToyStory :
You can never go wrong with Chipotle...ha!
It's a Helium kind of day.
Mary Timony, I 3 you.
A lot.
watching my sister talk to herself...
LOL
I'm sure in another universe John McCain is wrapping up his first term and everything is frigging puppies, rainbows and zero unemployment.
holy hell i like just posted that one!
Best one if the episode
I can't think of a place in Pittsburgh to get a fishcake.
Lots of great fish sandwiches, but fishcakes?
I'll check it out...thanks
Two girls from Dayton I met at the Cute is What We Aim For show in 2010 were at the show tonight.
So good to see them again.
:
Awards: I'm really enjoying the show right now
fucking love it Tyson 333 shit.
Can't wait for the album!!!
Ah!
Love you3
Hope everyone enjoyed the show today.
Tomorrow will be another day filled with fun and more great dogs.
bgc8 reunion it's about to go down....
Acting class was a hoot.
I was given a monologue from Don Juan Demarco.
I performed it slow, fast and over the top.
Hadn't seen the movie.
On our way to Deep South Bar w/ listening to Buzz Poets.
The FTC is watching, but have they gone after any bloggers?
Or just brands?
Check this video out  Fright Night Trailer Featuring Music by The Raconteurs araclyla
Whoa, just found out that Coach Vogel was fined for his comments about El Heat....really?
So being honest earns you fines these days, hmm.
I love that the year of the solar system is on a Mars year
If you carry bricks from your past relationship to your new one, your just going to build the same house.
preferably alkaline water the health benefits are out of this world contact me if you wish to learn more
July 21, 1998  The Raccoon Sewer manager complains about his night job, which prohibits him from doctornking alcohol.
Funny, SAGAFTRA seemed to be in an awful hurry to push this ridiculous merger contact through in a month w/o addoctorssing P/H.
If your down to text dm me
I love this song.q
Just wanted to let you know that I love you very much.
It's not the alcohol talking its from my heart!
Remember when America prevented the uprise of monopolies and prided itself in the power of its citizens?
Me neither.
Ain't have lamb chops in forevaaaa!
Adam Yauch, one of the founding members of the Beastie Boys, has died at 47, according to Rolling Stone...
as what state do you live in lol:
we are doing it i'm so serious cause yolo
So many kisses.
FINALLY applied to graduate.
I don't think it's hit me yet.
/
All I could get for lunch is a flippin roll.
Oh sendmail configuration why are you so compersome.
is it true justin and ryan are fighting becouse of Selena Gomes ???
i knwe that she is not the right person to Justin..
I hate goin to work this early and watch me get off around like 9 or 10 instead of 1
Go Calgary!
Dark Shadows is a weird movie.
Has a few funny moments but I don't think its worth seeing in the theater.
My aunt used to barry chicken bones in the back yard so my Causin could dig them up my causin thought they were baby dinosaur bones
Amanda Colten and his pic is the same pic.
of vinny on the icon
following GoingAHammTwitterdoctorft all morning charting who gets doctorfted ahead of the number 20 pick for the
well i got my 200th follower today, i was going to give them a shout out but then i realized they were a porn star.
Gonna have to make my Sydney stop on the way back to TX way longer than the one on the way there.
Love my showoff town.
How's everyone doing?
:
You're warm...
within 300 miles of being hot.
Back to the gym after my longest hiatus in years.
Three days was far too long!
I'm back!
A model must be organized in order to keep track of the diff dates, times  locations of aptmnts so that she can show up  aptmnts on time.
how was Atlanta?
I just listen to Chelsea in the car.
Wish u were with me hahaha
Blake Griffin is
damn straight
I really thought you were gonna!
LET'S DO IT!
Wow Nate, LOVE that perspective!
we'll be following and tweeting, too.
I am not down with this weather.
bringbackspring better yet
Why does netflix even exist if it doesn't allow instant streaming of any classic disney films?
shoot, that ain't right.
Just saw the !!
Its a must see!!!
What exactly is twee?
I've seen it used...does it have an origin?
Right up there with mumblecore
just met span
A few tickets still left for joint journalist groups' High Note holiday party at Solare Dec 15, only 20.
Tix at www.sdpressclub.org.
Happy Cinco De Mayo!
Chicago Bears botch their firstround NFL doctorft pick  again
Ask about group discounts on BCBA exam prep workshops for your Agency's staff.
Also 10 off if you follow us on twitter/ like us on Facebook
Just be yourself.
Good luck today!!
Yes!!
: You know you've had a great StPatricksDay when you end up covered in gold glitter with and :
that pink skirt is fucking fantastic.
great song.
I'm a highschool biology teacher and in here to have chemistry with you  guy from bachelorette.
Everybody follow the sexy
You're a nasty bitch trying to get at someone else's ex or boyfriend
she's still getting her twitter feet wet...how's Denver?
Gotta sleep.
Goodnight all.
I read sentences for the indefinite articles.
These don't have any.
hahaha well i would be embarrassed because u just said that awkward line for the world to see
Good option.
I see there's a way to limit it to my outgoing tweets rather than all traffic that would delete a carrier plan fast.
young playwrights festival at the Blank theatre company.
: Best Irish/English pubstyle fish and chips?
The Irish Rover
The key is almost forgot.
;
can you make the Boyz do their SWEETEST FACIAL EXPRESSION?.
please???6
It was so horrible.
I almost cried.
Oh humanity.
you should just say that u lost ur old one.
Thats the only way.....
I'm pretty sure jared doctornks that one!!
Happy Monday!
;
To proclaim my love for her publicly is nothing to describe my feelings regarding her is not possible and the deep gratitude for her presenc
Can my dog stop digging on my bed?
Seriously Teddy, you aren't going to find your bone there.
she makes ruhl good single serve carrot cake
come kick it!
It's a nice choice if you value portability without sacrificing power.
Why do you keep sticking your head into the septic tank and then complaining about the noxious fumes???
Im a lifegaurd.
I'll save you.
:
and are two other calico11 attendees with useful content here on Twitter.
Check 'em out.
Resolved: To be a whole lot more assertive this year.
Time to start applying some of that feminism to my own life!
Omg I'm starving :
Bein my self ...
Hungry
Sound good.
Yes, will be at ISTE12.
Take care.
Ahh shit that means i gotta skip 2nd too cause im in the gym both periods and he can see me hm...
Heat fans that think Bosh suck lmao I bet you miss him now
Haha, and then I yell, Ninja Poof and I vanish...
I hope 
I cant even comprehend how stupid you are..
Happy Valentine's Day from !
Really nice guys!
lol thanks : Just love yourself and be proud of how you look cos there's nothing wrong with you.
Trust me!
Yes it's Friday!
Leaving at lunch!
I miss you too, I'd stop by but I don't have a car.
Congrats to Maddy Hunter and who sold about a zillion books at a packed Booked for Murder event
Join us on Feb.
29 at 5:30 PM for Books on Broad featuring Mollie Cox Bryan talking about her debut novel, Scrapbook of Secrets.
bout to get some lunch head to park and planning
Juneau Park, up past the museum, through the nongnat side of the lagoon, up past Bradford beach and partway back.
How much online shopping do you do?
I do indeed.
Maybe a few different little things like less PP combos and better PK sticktoit ness, but Pens were not terrible IMO
I'm glad to see ur still on here, I'm trying to get in on all aspects of social media, for an internship
Dang!
Laurie, you're a tough act to follow!
A Stotan in EVERY sense.
Strawberries and cream...
m....
Had the cheap seats in spinning and is delightfully sweaty as a result.
Before you criticize someone, walk a mile in their shoes.
That way, when you criticize them, you're a mile away and you have their shoes
Let's go celtics!
I bet his Dick is real chocolate!
amare was a millimeter away from hitting a nerve in his hand when he punched fire extinguisher.
team doc.
says it would have ended career
We Are the Voice of the Young American Movement!...
ITS TIME OUR ISSUES WERE HEARD!...
WE WILL NOT BE IGNORED
NBA outdoors?
I love this game!
Only if they want/need MPLS funding.
RT last step will be Mpls City Council.
AHL/NBA doubleheader tomorrow!
15 tix w/ 6 going to WheelsForForest   Bobcats game we're Rocking the Roof w/ Budweiser
good to meet you at wnbanyc last night
That's our ball cuz quit bullshitting
In 1897 opera singer Marion Anderson was born Banned by DAR she famously performed on steps of Lincoln Memorial  broke barriers for blacks
Never put too much trust in friends; learn how to use enemies.
although everything's changing.
I don't know about you, but he's still the SAME Austin I fell in love with.3 it won't change a thing.
Hate when ppl tap my arm to get my attention 
GOAL!
The Blast strike first!
: me too maybe we should have a sleepover so we can tweet all night :
Best Friday car ride ever sexualinterview work that tutu!
FF ; Well, lemme tell you this .
This girl will be a true BEST friend.
she will wake up or stay up, just to make sure your ok.
Your welcome 
Make something happen, it really pisses Chance off!
I didn't think about this before RT : We are raising a generation of philanthropic childoctorn Barbara Chandler
That is RUDE!
You shouldn't hate anyone.
Oh, and thanks for the time frame tip last night.
I Hate How My Mom Picks Her Low Life Boyfriend Over Her Own Kids 
BEARS Super Bowl
woahhhh!!!!!!!!!!
Mind blow!, the word speaks for itself
hey with those numbers u can't pimp a walk off homerun...
The camera adds 10 pounds and removes 2 crazies.
5 and a 1/2 in boys, ass is off the hook.
82nd and Milwaukee!!
thanks for the follow!!!:
the guy i like is such a dick but hes cute, ghetto and funny.
are you doctorving?
Supermoon tomorrow night at 8:24pm according to appear 14 bigger.Could be great night for to shoot.
Curious.
Can't wait to hear!
Denzel Washington and Ryan Reynolds in safehouse is a definite must see!
loved the action and the great acting!!
Plz follow she a good friend and i will give a shoutout and follow you back!!!
RTh
nice to meet you today mustache man 3
Passion is the great slayer of adversity.
Focus on strengths and what you enjoy.
Charles Schwab
At PSA Partnership Maryland Zoo event.
CEO Hutchinson speaking.
Photos to be posted soon on PSA Facebook Page.
in please share this.
: yoyooooo hit my jack when u get a chance bet
happy halloween
damn I liked that one also where did u see they canceled it
dam hug titz
Tune into KPBS Midday Edition, I will be discussing important City issues
busted indeed lol
honeymoon is over...back on tomorrow.
4 GOOD this time.
Thinking about repiercing my belly button?
o:
thanks for tweeting about the project!
Where's my aaaeeeeggggg?
thanks for following me 3
CISO of ebay says they estimate that approx 70 of their users have a serious malware issues.
Interesting...
I genuinely feel bad for the devs getting attacked because of 's ending.
This SHOULD have been a time for congrats.
SEO NEWS: doctorve Failures Affecting Some Customers' Rankings and Reports
It's been on my bucket list for 10 years, I'm not vegetarian anymore, but I finally made it to the Moosewood Restaurant in Ithaca.
Why don't we assess the process and not the outcome?
Do we always have to be right?
Where does the learning really happen?
I hope it's good to be a persona!!
Thx for letting me know!
I promise your my number one.
It freaks me out that all the kids in this Raffi video are probably middleaged now
GRAPHICS  1000 BIZ CARDS FULL COLOR FRONT AND BACK W/ UV COATING, ONLY 90.
ASK ME FOR DETAILS.
Say it ain't so!!
Heavy D passed away??
At only 44 years old?
Rest in peace, Brother D.
fish tacos.
Really, really good ones.
Outside on a patio.
Maybe near the water.
But no sand.
I'm thinking about chatroulette day.
It's pretty good idea.
:
I don't need plastic in my body to validate me as a woman
CYBER MONDAY SPECIAL.
10 off entire order AND free shipping in the US Best bit: 10 of sales goes to
I've decided!
I'm going into journalism!!!!
Hope you're having a good week.
Enjoy the zoo when you go.
Gave you some tips back on the blog.
Just email if you have ?'s.
Day 2 opens at 11 come by the table for some special reduced prices
Judge Piampiano not even addoctorssing our multiple requests for camera in courtroom.
With malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right, as God gives us to see the right ..
Abraham Lincoln
Let's Go Dolphins Phins Up
Don't forget your threatening to shoot me
Had a lot of fun in the desert for the weekend Ready to get back to biz..
doctorse: I will never forget how they celebrated just from winning this game.
I cant wait to play them again.
ruhoh
True, but as with Sea Salt, it is nice to start some things early.
It's the little things in life that mean the most.3
Deaffromdicks.com is the best URL ever.
I'm scared
Thanks for the RT!
Hope you had a terrific weekend!!
Conversation about diversity and church with our youth.
sweet just found 15 in my jacket pocket!
follow me so i can send you a direct message :
great tweets Tom!
And thanks for bringing IU basketball back from oblivion :
The good things are right in front of you.
If you don't notice them, someone else will.
OMG!!!
I'm not the only one!
O: THANK YOU!
She's not ugly!
The moment when u fart and take your hand from your ass and smell it...shit stank
you can crash at chez hook also there is the cardinal  very cheap
no a teacher told me
Saw ubercurator Hans Ulrich Obrist on the street yesterday.
He's not as tall as I expected.
I'm sure he thought the same of me.
Join us tomorrow for the Emergence Fashion Show at the Madame Walker Building at 7p.
Tickets only 10.
midwestfashionweek Thanks
Buyer mtg in AM, Listing appt in PM, numbers tell a different story for each today!
www.ToddHolmesRealEstate.com
: Never let a person, situation, or past experience control your life.
Well played.
haha ya except gasol makes it, so I'd pass to him
FF FollowFriday Jen Haskell; Grad student, aspiring scholar of Chinese politics
What a beautiful beautiful sunny day in NYC to do a long long list of stuff!!
RT : : people aren't good at making decisions.
but bad decisions do make great stories.
Sleeping with sirens, Y U SO PERFECT!
Remember that we are going to post our newly recorded single this weekend fresh from the studio!
it's going to sound amazing!
Hope u get to c ur family soon!
You guys deserve a brake!
Theyre hot and I like 3 of their songs but I dont like them like I doo or
Thanks to everyone involved in 12thNight and anyone who joined us.
My first show with an asterisk next to my name!
Incredible experience.
Great day with and team...love the culture of this company!
Learn how to interact with users on Twitter and build relationships
Perfection is hidden in the little shortcomings.
Nice work on the Other People Podcast!
Best wishes too on your book tour.
I need to check out Legs Get Led Astray!
Research and Markets: Services Oriented Architecture Middleware Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts ...
Thinking i'm going to be Daria for halloween so I can be sardonic all night.
That means I need combat boots.
What are yall being?
I love the picture they got for this story.
Pretty awesome considering it's just a guy at a computer.
Poke her a few times, tell her she has a moving vein.
Or say you couldn't find it.
xD
Foodie ff Thanks a bunch.
Great group there
classic.........thank god I was parked when I seen it.
Wen he smiles :
Saturday.
CGQ.
The.
Washington.
Burlington IA.
8 PM.
Take that out !!
yah, I'm kinda in the same boat.
Between school and parttime jobs, I didn't have a lot of time for volunteering .
thanks for the post AD!
I'm one of your biggest fans as well!
country girls 3 they're the best;
Avengers is already my favorite movie of the year.
Might have to go see it again because it was THAT GOOD!!
I am perfect right....?
hahahaha meant to RT that from this acct oops.
Don't think he wrote that just thought it was funny.
I'd LOVE to hear those stories
Hung out w/ pals last night, including and .
Best way to end day 2.
Hey Shay and nice to meet you a nd see you and hope we can becme friends, thanks,Bobby Howard
i know huh !
;
: How is everyone?
Alive!
Found out at brewpal that one of my early 6.x modules helped lure into doctorpal, who is now one of the doctorpalpdx organizers.
Tell us more about America's pastime !
It's easier to say too!
RT : I prefer the term Schnfinkelize over Curry for JavaScript transformations.
Stalking tweets
Oh Lord !
My best friend always got some crazy funny story to tell me.
What the fuck does octopizzo even mean???
NE Pats or NY Giants?
Put the WEST on ur back
.
Please direct the attention of the DNC to WI.
This is the front line of the war on the middle class and they need reinforcements
City atty files lawsuits to shut 12 pot dispensaries near schools, including 3 on El Cajon Blvd near SDSU and 2 on Park Blvd.
Looking for a new job: Leasing Agent, Property Manager or Event Coordinator.
Any leads appreciated!
Hahahaha he doesn't even like you.
oh ok
Lawyers on a conference call, freaking out  interesting way to wait for your plane to board
thank you so much Ashley!

I'm hosting!
: KirkoBangz EVENT same night after yall event at 10 pm flier coming soon
SOBER is actually an acronym that stands for: Son Of a Bitch, Everything's Real
R.I.P.
Ryan Putman.
I will always remember thinking you were the coolest kid at Paloma.
You will forever be remembered Put Put!
Homey game final table busted 11th....cashee gamee now
Life goes on...some ppl u must leave behind in order to accomplish what God has laid out for u
Jr.
Seau took his own life today:/ what a shame he was an amazing limebacker : RIP
I know I shouldn't feel like my weekend was wasted just because I couldn't convince Jesco White to learn yoga...
but here we are.
I'm on the train display now; it's a shame you couldn't join me.
:
I just made my friend a GRANDer today,she's in love with you now3
Dance party!
RT : taping today.
totally love her and this show is an actual cool thing.
I saw that you embedded our Anthony Mackie video back in November.
Thanks for the link!
no problem!
And your a little off on my age.
Haha
I hear directing is a piece of cake...
I do everything, but mostly hip hop, ballet and ballroom
you need a puppy.
Lol
Scarlett did a great job with Black Widow.
I want more of that character as well.
RT : Will say this: the Jaguars aren't begging to be on Hard Knocks, but they'll happily do it if asked.
YES!
All of the knots out of my hair, Harry Potter Marathon and ice cream.
Thank you!
A lovely weekend to you, too!
I'm pregnant and I love my baby daddy and I love my porshe
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
Habak got 7 blocked shots smh most of from the 1st quarter i'm sure
Reggie Jamz will be entertaining y'all once again this Sunday at the BlackAndGold pageant!
Honesty, when done correctly, can heal wounds, open us up to more Light, and diffuse the stupidest of blockages.
amazing friend of mine
and then you TOTALLY REDEEMED YOURSELF!
i hate all of this fighting.
:
follow please ?
:
We need to talk.
This is the only place I can get ahold of you!
And a shuffleboard win puts us 20.
Yes, Tartakovsky  the CreepyEyed Girl.
I remember that one.
Yes!!!
Bon Iver wins best new artist!
People dont read.
Anyone that has offered instructions to users on the web can attest to this.
So give folks an alternative...
RT : moving day!
brink let's just go
I see you have not accepted the mission yet.
Are you not up to the challenge?
oh shut the front door.
please tell me you have seen Phoebe slutty panda Price at the pumpkin patch!
X17online has the pics.
Aww, bummer.
It's always sunny in Santa Barbara...
hope C19 is a blast!
Signed with new representation  The Robb Company and very excited to work with them!
happy mother's day to all of the beautiful moms of the world.
:D
My mixtape is finally done...releasing soon theres not a official date yet...
Next riot location fall high school football games.
I'm so hungry.
thank you sir for the
what about Calvin the same ole shitb
Mixed about Madonna's halftime show loved the classics can't get behind the new song I feel like its like
THIS!
The soundtrack  what happens  TEARS RT : If you want to cry go watch The Road
good to know lol
uh oh do women on twitter align too?
just lick them then or eat only on the weekend.
;
Thanks Rick.
Love it!
Wish I had bought a house there 20 years ago!
Will somebody turn the lights on?
Somebody tell me what's wrong.
I'd be lying if I told you that losing you was something I could handle.
I dont let too many people get close to me, because they always try to use me.
you sure!?
Fizzled protests, mixed messages, indicative of state of stalled immigration reform movement
Don't be a backslider!
When are we supposed to get our whiteboards checked???
that's a start but can you get faster than 81 wpm?
That's the fastest we have seen someone type in TapTyping
Arab spring...is in need of our attention again.
300 Egyptian protesters have been jailed for speaking out against the military government.
I have reached the critical stages of Senioritis...
13 days to graduation.
That awkward moment when makes you jealous of a frog..
.
Exercising has a way of making us a bit achy!
Ask : Keep taking my advice, it will soon all pay off!!
it's on fora tv if you just search my name.
watch the disaster!!
ps I'm getting better, last couple went pretty smooth
everyone go follow shes the sweetest!
Oh, this commercial has been very nice to me: Thanks Val!
:
: Up glamming for a long day of work!
Love these days!
Thinking hair up w fishtail braid, and a smokey eye!
S/O to you for being awesome!
projectx is an epic movie.
RT : must be in tha kitchen cooking up that crack 4 ur azz.
What til we put it on the block.
Crazy
Excited to be providing apps for the VIP's at the Pfister tonight!
It feels wrong to join a gym, then hit pagliacci for 2 slices and a coke.
weighttraining :
FF Italy represents on T to the witter
but with limited funding/instructional hours you have to make hard decisions
Having fun at CleGiveCamp!
Popping in last minute to the
gonna sit in the tweeting section and make us all jealous???
I don't think anyone can touch the L.A.
Kings.
thanks for the shout out!
thanks for the follow!
ilovewhen folks dig my twitter feed
dipping back into twitter after awhile distracted by the rest of life.
warning to new followers: I can be spotty like that.
Congrats Becky.
Final 4 were all GREAT!
Mel and Sasha were always 1 of my favs but I thought 4 sure Sasha would take the title Congrats Melanie!!!
sure, that's fine.
I need to doctorp by anyway.
When are you back in?
thanks!
let me hear some of your beats, i got a compilation doctorpping soon
RT Everybody wants respect, just a little bit.
And everybody needs a chance, once in a while.
Everybody wants to be closer to free
Rolando's super tacos!

Still I Ask Myself Why Do Hurt Me ?
The hard copy is in PDF on front page of meeting site.
I
Im not even sure.
It was an inside deal that the NFL wouldn't really want happening lol.
stop by for a post game beverage.
Great doctornks and food until 1 am.
Love Lock Down
I can't wait!!!
Thanks guys.
Yeah, that was my handiwork.
Hopefully some upgrades later this year
so...
how many of you have voted in the 12th District so far today?
let us know.
Recorded four Johnny pate arrag today for the impressions and net Fred cash.....today was a good day
Best overheard conversation of the day: Four men at Indy breakfast restaurant planning group home for homeless veterans.
Glad u enjoyed!!
RT : I know I mentioned dinner but seriously, one of the best meals ever tonight at Pork Belly
Playing catch up after being out sick  moving while youre still super sick  super sucky sicky.
We strolled across the street for a better view of the moon.
Stunning and bright as a bride, as the bedouins say.
Ready for Panama!
Goin all out
I thought the first two activities were Battle Rape and Jump Rape.
RapeIsAWorkoutToo?
So proud of our 2012 grads!
Tweet your grad pics!
ok NOW its okay to be mad at AJ
Iran nuclear weapons..North Korea launching for Iran...we are waging a war on women
um..i mean we would be a very wealthy team!
like u ..RT: Some bitches really need a punch in the face.
at Ryan's hockey practicce.
going to hang out tonight at CV to hear dj's moma, stimulas,flavien liondub put the roof on fire;
I need a triathlete spa day.
wonder what that would entail?
It takes many nails to build crib, but only one screw to fill it
JerseyShore :D A
Lakers about to overcome a 33 point deficit!!!
Woohoo!!!
I'll be swinging by early next week...need to do some jacket shopping for an upcoming trip!
:
Shout out to the nice girl who opened the coffee shop 20 mins early so I could get my mudslide!
RT : In Miami?
Want 2 try the Flirty Girl workout?
Join me 2nite www.lotusdancestudio.com
Don't want severe wx, but rain would b nice 2 settle down allergens.
Thanks for the RT, Lisa!
aww thank you!
Okay Knicks...
Go time
I'm Lou Piniella mad at They lost to Jeff Suppan.
Shutout by Soup
Cardinal sin right there.
Watching t.v., laying on the couch, and eating wings!
I'm dying of boredom
Whats good folk!
Whats the deal bro!
lol wow, good to know!
;
Doctor rivers
I saw a dog wearing a full on DOWN VEST in Seward Park the other day.
I thought it was a good look, personally.
Cleared a backlog of 80 podcasts this weekend.
Guess I'm just a fast listener.
is forward progress challengeable?
I didn't think so...
Naw your a cheater.
Your way taller then me that wasn't fair at all .
I want my rematch !
Lol
I guess you forgot to appreciate the one person that would do anything for you.
Our pleasure!
We like what you're up to :
College of St Rose on ProVision  how to have innovative pedagogy in a time of declining resources
it's glorious
Tubbs says the challenging times at the Capitol over the last yr did not cause him to look for a new job but did give valuable experience
It was not now such a very difficult problem to guess what the coming Dark Nights might mean
heyy!
I just followed you :
I wanna party and bullsht!!!
An Aries woman requires freedom
free shot tonight if your a large women in a small tank top?
People who stab you in the back and blame it on you unforgiven /3
I made it only because of Your favor Lord God
Yo RT : They praying that i fail, im praying that i rise.
I guess the hating didnt work so now they tellin lies.
I gtta get
aloha brett, can we get u on again talk about the MWC/CUSA situation  also everything going on w/ CFB Realignment 10:20 p et?
It's warm out, but not warm enough for niggas to be in shorts...
cuz thats all i can say, th only thing thats not off limits anymore :'
What is the most challenging aspect of a Diabetic Diet?
It's Diabetes Awareness Month  I'll be on Talk Philly CBS3 with a new
Smile on my face
Why have I just found out about Commander in Chief??..Geena Davis is amazing!
Sad this show didn't last longer than a season!
Im The Illest In This Foshizzle  My Flow Sizzle  Ya Boy Hot Go Hard Like Some Cold Nickels 
o its cool.
I said wow cuz I couldnt think of ne thing else to say without being an ass.
im trying to say I think yur pretty.
You gotta follow  never miss a short rib taco again!
Blake complaining about a foul, weird.
I compare you to a kiss from a rose
can anyone give us a shoutout please?
i will give one back
Alright, come on Lakers!
getting you all a follownow :
What is your favorite music venue in NYC?
It appears my Twitter followers are about to outnumber my Facebook friends.
k, so uhh: idk how to make it xD
RT : : Latinos are not only America's fastestgrowing pop.we are also the fastest growing group of voters.
You'd Be Nothing Without Me , Duuh :
you look beautiful.
GOAL: Romney 60 Obama 40 as repudiation policies NOT the man.
Win the middle with intelligent, reasoned, respectful appeal w/o demonizing.
Luke bryan concert here we come!!!
Ughh!
venicio wont even talk to me; i apologize; wrote him an apology letter; gave him a sticker:hehe jkjk:P
: I Hate David Banner Too Btw  Lakers didn't even lose yet...
what up wit all that hate?
RT : No bassoon?
The Oscars suck this year.
Anyone thought about putting QR codes in Facebook cover pics?
Is it allowed?
Would it be used?
Computer to phone?
Thanks, guys.
Means a lot coming from you.
lol you mean I hope she see that tweet
Saturday means yard work, housework, and maybe a treat later..maybe a movie...hm.
I feel bad for what I did hope to make things right what should I do
oh ok I knew bout them thought I missed something
I love wen they team across the line..if u knw wat u mean...lol
so when we playing together again man?
haha
Soo angry at my friend!
Try to steal the guy I like...
then you end up crying or bleeding.
One more final!!!
hell yea, can't wait to go home 3 imma knock this reserch paper out of the way then sleep the rest of the week lolz
People telling you the score of a game you're dvr'ing.
Newdigs will be down for a little while we make some updates  stay tuned apartment hunters, we'll be back soon!
Is this training for the Amazing Race?
Am I the only person who actually buys their doctornk at work instead of stealing 'em outta the storage room.
Sunday mornin', praise the Lord.
It's like im finally awake, and your just a beautiful mistake.
x
I hate being sick and still having to go to school
Kid you not, I was JUST on their site 10 minutes ago, wistfully doctoroling away.
Sigh.
no prob tickets are free
Warped Tour!!
San Antonio Texas!!
RT Tonite TOP 10 SELLING WINES TASTING!!!
That's right, we are tasting 10 wines tonite!!
wine .
I always refer to One Direction as 'the boys' :'
Mixing 's song!!!
Looking forward to 's talk at the baynet2012 annual meeting!
she's way hotter than me
I don't DISLIKE I prefer I'm not donating to Romney because he doesn't inspire me.
Pleez stop crying every week...
you are so much better and prettier happy.
There are no failures.
Just experiences  your reactions to them.
same box score different day, same people with hits and same people with strikeouts
I Don't Think My Twitter Is Working: That or Yhuu Just Don't Reply To My Tweets: Haha!!
you unfollowed me.
dang i wanna be home right now.
Pretty please follow me?
And make your 1fans doctoram come true?ItsLikeJesusInYouFace with those cheeks!!
:
Remember: in this life you only have yourself and nothing else, because once you get burned, no one is going put out your fire.
no it's not you horrible person
re.
BuzzFeed's transformative argument one doesn't have to satisfy all four factors
And remember with Christ in your life anything can be accomplished.Remove any doubts out of your mind!
BELIEVE
Sorry not recoverypoint, but replication manager, in the end got it working, now to analysis, and write it up
that's alright we will party at ur house : Hang next weekend?!
I missed that interview.
They did stop though...
:
This has gone too far...
Instagram raising 40M at a 500M valuation
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
Glass of Wine,tasting board,great service and all on the patio
have fun!!
There's a meadow of what looks like marsh on the bike route, and what sounds like pokemon in the tall grass.
Best bike ride ever.
I am recruiting my twitter followers : Thank you in advanced for your support.

I hate that scary moment when you put a ring on your finger and you cant take it off.
00
So funny.
Shall we duel through Twitter?
I like the red coat...
where's it been all winter?
Right on!
We definitely need 2change up the school board.
Within this next year we need 2frame the debate  speak truth 2public
Bring it on!
Looking forward to the mastermind tomorrow
: The man who has no imagination has no wings.
Muhammad Ali
Working on photos from dw12 test at the speedway last week
Wieters hits an odd home run that bounces off BlueJays left fielder Thames.
You get one, you give one, Thmas.
So...
I am pretty sure that I tasted ALL of Washington this weekend.
I find these Christian Single commercials on TV disturbing.
ugh, last full week of school...
full speed ahead into stress and finals!
Gonna be a long week with little sleep.....
P
aw thanks : xx
RT : Microsoft Office coming to the iPad  According to an article in The Daily the News Corp daily newspaper for the iP......
lol shout out to that
Very cool!
I hope to retire at a monkey farm of my own making ...
lol
Perusing mid90s movie reviews for indirect answers.
So many movies I'd forgotten about...
Also great reading movie plots out of context.
All Day
Christmas, Christmas time is here...
oh wait.
well i sort of just got done watching Alvin and the Chipmunks.
haha
You can doctornk and smoke but this is a too risky?
I would be extremely grateful and flattered if u would fallow me!!
Please!
Every time I have the opportunity to work with questions about medieval manuscripts, I remember how fun they are.
Who's down for the beach tonight???
Is going make a lot of people surprised....especially Seth kirlock
i wanna open a store next to Forever 21 called Finally22 i bet you femalez will dig it ha fuhken faded statuz boiiiii
RT : 82 of women in executivelevel jobs had played organized sports in middle, high or postsecondary school
I look and feel like I have been on this bus for a very very long time.
Just finished The Ides of March...
Mind blown.
probably loved this flick.
are you surprised?
It's after Halloween.
:P Just hear those sleigh bells jingling, ringtingtingaling too...
Have you contributed?
RT : Just made my donation!
this better be the last day for all this storming.
its been storming all week!
..
'm in the green room with Hannah!
: No games last night.
Any recommendations for my Avatar today???
3Goggles photo!!
Because of the mutual love!!
Ready to be done with this school shit!
Atleast for now.
they barely covered the logo
Now Microsoft has become a little friendlier to the little guy but they already created a 10 year long bad image.
Apple gained.
That's so true.
c:
Constance: That girl has got another cupcake coming.
thanks for the link.
Working on some cool stuff here.
More to come
Lol F jon
And we have resurfaced to have some reception
Everyone go follow and all the other streetteams Tanika
The hunger games are so awesome
Wishing all the participants a good night for
pubes hurt when caught on a bitches snag tooth anyways...
YYYOOOO!!!!
I'm Jus gettin up and I realized I'm missin clothes!!!!
WHO VIOLATED ME WHILE I WAS SLEEP??????
making plans to do my hair
You can't help but love with the brewers this year!!
Just a thought!
when do you come home?
If you can make me laugh, you can have my heart!!
Don't know I don't speak french.
I just proved lack of sleep means bad jokes
Thanks so much for bringing the family by, hope you all had a fab time.
What did you order?
BITCH IT'S MAHOMIE
Be as radical as reality.
I swear I'll never be happy again, and don't you dare say we can just be friends.
I wasn't that doctornk, Dude, you spent 3 hours yelling 'Never' at my sister's Justin Bieber posters!
Life without music is like spongebob without patrick
I knew you was the 1 when I laid my eyes on that sweet ass
199 Sign  doctorve going on right now!
Plus our bonus No Charge Gas for a YEAR!
The fact they are actually calling this fool Metta is dumb as eff
Thor is better!
:D
Front Desk Wed Nite: Just talked w/ visitor from Juneau 4 nearly 1 hr w/o using the term banana belt.
Yay me!
Tweeted to by USAToday, bucket list....check :
Way back machine?
MT ah, I see.
the uc berkeley library tore down my blog there from the time they were hosting my DLF office.
Presents The Future of Law Part II  February 9, 2011.
Registration opens shortly LPO Global
alittle bit naughty is a little bit nice, she's a whole lotta glam, sweat sugar sex spice.
;
Friday morning crew  I spotted a dark chocolate nugget on the subway this morning, so we're def off to a good start.
Fantastic first day Definitely looking forward to rest of the season.
For more info about myself and the work I have been doing lately, please visit www.thepearlslink.org/thepearlsguru.
Sex is dirty only if it's done right.
Ah...the chalet!
Nice to see a little rain in the rainy city this morning
I've been looking for a good giants ringtone!
still doing it for me.
Jealous of the correctunreadlabelcount lifestyle you are leading today.
Tebow !!!
That was a fun 4th quarter.
No matter how old you are, if a little kid shoots you with a toy gun, you pretend to die.
You were way more than just tactical.
ONG!!!
hey SEXY girl.
Ur the reason i subscibed to camslover.
Cant find lisa carter.
Whats ur name on there?
Materials needed a BlindFold,shoes to Learn Salsa.
It's 15 per session for the 10week class  130.00 if you pay up front.
TigerBeatLovesASW ALL THE WAY :D
Wow congrats!
where were you today cuz?
Big coop was in the parking lot today after work
Words can't describe how thankful I am for being blessed with the mother that I have
oh that's prolly y
I keep telling myself that it's for the best but I know it's not.
1/3 of cancer deaths in US are caused by tobacco use.
: I am happy I have quit!
81 days
ya no atiendes
LET'S GO BULLS!!
STAYING ALIVE!
LET'S BRING IT BACK TO CHI TOWN FOR GAME 7!!!
Anywhere I can hear what your 6tet sounds like?
Perhaps I can help change your current mood/momentum.
there are so many dk riders....omg....i cant tolerate this foolery
I love Ryan Braun.
YES.
THAT HOTTIE BETTER UPLOAD LOADS OF THEM.
yea so r u gonna be my bestie
omfg.
That's great
but too late.
Ill change it.
he really does..im telling you if he was with the bulls D.rose woulda had less pressure and we would still be playing : DLol
bored.
gonna shower and get doctorssed.
someone wanna come over and kick it with me later?
didn't want to spend too much time on Weiner this morning.
LOVE

great time!
Looking forward to a session!
you'll deal with it.
I love you thank you : I miss you already
RT Today I did a total of 25 pushups thanks to the Hundoctord Pushups iPhone app.
: I chose not to be an ass, but you brought out the worst in me.
Hummus is the new refried beans....
That's a spicy meatball.
can you add  C4LPT and  JaneBozarth and  SoMe4Trainers to our GSU list?
I tried but it wouldn't let me.
doctorams are nothing more than wishes, and wishes are just doctorams...
Question: When you find a possible deal that looks good you you are afraid to pursue it, what should you do?
Loved my orange leaf date with !!
Somewhere in the back end of my mind I got this crazy idea...that I miss you.
You're doing a good job!
It's tough to remove privileges, but you set a standard for respect when you do.
Happy Easter, y'all!
Hop it's eggcellent!
lmao that's not even garza
I woke up EVERY hour on the hour all night.
Got the Monday Yeeech.
Overtime all week.
Yeeeech!
New special: 2 slices of pizza, 1 toppingyour choice,  small doctornk for 5tax!
Ends 5/9!
Why are hardboiled eggs so embarrassing?
They have a golf simulator at work so I won't even have to spend any money to get my game up before I hit a real course :
RT : should really follow me back because i was a great fan tonight AND bought their EP and took a picture with them.
You have great tips!
Thanks the follow!
It just occurred to me to ask if you might be attending Explore Nashville tomorrow.
I want more salad with a side of vodka..
Check in to U.S.
Bank Arena on foursquare tonight for a shot at a pair if Red Hot Chili Peppers on June 6!
No sleep
Friday 5 New Items: Sex  the City s.13, Auto Focus, Carl Sagan's COSMOS, Awra and Almost Famous.
Get something for the weekend!
Did alot this weekend.
A bunch of special stuff on the way.
Thanks for being patient.
How was our last post?
easy choice!
Thanks joe
Tonight kicks off a new series of language learning classes!
Are you going to be there at all this week?
Happy New Years everyone!
What were your favorite horror films of 2011?
Reducing Recidivism will also take strategic rehab efforts, skills develop.
programs, job creation, employment opport for former inmates.
To err is human  and to blame it on a computer is even more so.
Robert Orben
Spent all day yesterday thinking it was Friday, so can't decide if I'm dismayed it's already here or surprised there are 2.
I like looking at both sexes, man ;
living life in the slow lane this week.
Off from work, being vegetative.
How goes it with you?
Looks to be active weather moving into Eastern Missouri
...but I think society won't be able to get rid of its hangups until everybody can shout zN!
from the rooftops without being embarrassed.
havent bin on ina while :O
Anna Sui ss reports over at  great sale!
Might get this job delivering pizza lol
lol I'm dying right now!!!!!
Need auto repair?
We can ease the burden on your repair bills through the internet.
Sometimes I wish sleeping burned calories instead of working out
I can't!
Too depressed that my pad thai is missing!!!!
Next game it CAN'T be like this!!!
bout 2 eat something but what
no problem.
Smile as as often as you can as it is a way to let God know you appreciate the gift of life!
one day better!!
Four Cs 1: Concentrate.
Focus like a laser on what you want, then go get it.
Don't Iet anything get in the way.
BEER BASH in Coronado this Saturday at 1:00 at McP's.
All are invited.
Event Instigators: 
do it, so nice out here in NYC
What a tease!
Bravo to Josephson for unearthing this..
hopefully there will be more to come!
What the hell am I doing.
I've got a gorgeous, successful girlfriend.
Who works hard, respects me,  would do anything for us
: I have a day off and woke up early.
Arg!
Do it up!
RT : Rebekah Brooks has resigned!
Sky bid doctorpped!
NotW extinct!
Only four horcruxes left to go and Murdoch will be mortal again!
Come join us at TechCafe on 11/29 for Happy Hour!
RT : We don't think about reality when were happy; It's when we're broken and sad and hurting that it attacks
yeahh / we couldn't even look at each other or tlk to each other after all that.
But we still kept in contact.
Been my BFF
Just seen this big ass dude sleep on a bench outside..
pissed i couldnt snap a pic
: Who's in OBX getting ready for the Flying Pirate Half Marathon?
Good luck runners!
OBX race..
There's a mess of us here!
That was a good laugh .
Been absent from onlineland for a few days.
Missed my fellow twitter tweeters!
Welcome to all the new followers!
Thanks so much!
Going by weight and face size, yes.
nice captainre!
where is this?
Ozzy is playing a game with another dog where they steal each others' sticks.
He keeps fucking it up because he doesn't like sticks.
are you staying for the summer or just the weekend?
CSU claims early start program will not impact admissions or college access, but I'm skeptical.
we're still testing this with one of our touchscreens!
the response seems good so far.
I can't find my shamisterck socks.
:
I'm certainly not a scout.
I do totally respect their contributions to the game, though.
I was gonna say the worldwide recipe swap.
But yeah...same thing.
I have too I'm sorry/3
Happy to be apart of Let the celebrations begin!
That's a great idea.
follow me please y love vs austin e alex ,3
bro, i love you and all but the 'stash?
yeah, that shit needs to go.
I thought Canadian spiders have no venom
RT : Become the next High paid Adult model!Sign up today!
We are a modeling Agency in Adult Entertainment Industry.
...
Psalms 34:7 The Angel of the Lord encamps around those who fear Him and each of them He delivers.
I should probably get doctorssed since the day is half way over.
lol
Whatsoever was the father of a disease, an ill diet was the mother.
doctornking the koolaid, feeling funny.
i agree 100!
Heading out from Austin.
First stop is Philly, then onto Lancaster.
so nice of u!
ty for the tweet!
I appreciate it!
couldn't help but wonder if you're ok with all the storms that passed through IN the past couple days.
Fingers crossed!
Thank God for Tim Tebow's obedience.
They will treat you this way because of my name, for they do not know the one who sent me.
John 15:21
apparently.
I certainly missed the memo.
Goodnight twerps
Need intensive BUNN therapy after sitting here at body shop with Folgers actively brewing.
Please hurry, Enterprise pickup!
Garlic Bread or Garlic Knots?
lol you're weird.
good way
Giants all the way!
Hoping for a repeat of XLII!
maybe things will change now that Clowngelo is gone.
but Sakiri is better!
:
i say i dont love you but you know im a liar cuz when we kiss oohhh fire!
am having a Mai Tai right now happy hour free doctornks!!!!
Cassie is stunned when a notoriously evil figure from her past shows up on her doorstep.
Watch TSC tonight at 9 on CW20!
The way Kronwall hits is so odd.
Goes in backwards, rear end first.
yes!
Agreed!
I feel the urge to let a stream of professornity fly that would turn the air blue
: So what do we get from the Red Sox?chicken.....and beer
Thank you Carrie Anne!
You know a good Steve when you see one!
How r u?
I'm always tweaking my excitement barometer!
Going to 1st toastmasters mtg this weds.
Vacation time was inspiring!
Funny and...
Thank you for taking that pic.
Really.
Thanks.
:
Hey portland weather people will we ever see the sun again??
I'm tired of being cold and wet.
but working with vocalists is a whole other challenge.
taking an acapella and doing a remix is the same thing.
when the bottom of your hair is lighter!
I only think blonde skinny girls are pretty get real u sound so dumb don't worry about what I think I pretty and being blonde or skinny
umm HELLO!
why did you not share your good news w/the caucus??
Congrats btw!
You make me proud :
Seriously I'm terrified to sleep I'm afraid
I never imagined the elation of success would be a matter of failing consistently
Hunger Games tonight!
Same here.
And if I have to take algebra again I'm going to be pissed.
thanks for following me!!!
:
54 yearold man eats his 25,000th big mac and is still in good health, HUH?!
I'm just saying I can't help it if I'm better!
Why did the little girl fall off the swing?
You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Christopher Columbus
Glad to see 2 review articles dedicated to early America in the latest ESC
OH MY GOD THE INTERNET IS TOO SLOW TO DO AAANNNYYYTTTHHHIIINNNGGG RIGHT NOW
sprint Out in Cincy parts of Cincy too.
When tweets starting getting a lil nasty....you have now entered the DM Zone lmao ain't nobody stupid
Tell your peeps about me!
Cali's Adoctorit Prospect.
Up and coming RB Producer
Don't cry Tom, you lost two Super Bowls fair and square and nobody can ever take that from you
Wakin' up this morning.
Not the best morning ever.Back to the same old thing at school.
: It just sucks
: have you met Jerry?
He likes to skateboard.
he's pretty cool!
Simply worship.
:
Ultrasonic will be available for your viewing pleasure after our premiere.
March 5 2011  hooray for self distribution!
dcmi2009 Shigeo: For reaching the big market of commuters reading manga on their phones, metadata is crucial
We're casting your new Catfish, show with Nev Schulman!
Can you pls RT our link?
DM me for more info.
Thanks!
Enjoy your 241 HHr after long day or Great music Great food !
Excellent vibe !
ty sir...T
make sure you get good BBQ flavored rolling papers...
Having a treadmill on the days u don't even wanna leave the house winwin
Our show is next Monday May 7th 7pm EST / 12am GMT
watching replays of Kentucky Derby since I can really recall watching and knowing what was going on as a HR fan
TUE Dinner Salad Special: Baby Iceberg Wedge w/Apple Smoked Bacon, Shaved Green Onion, Hard Boiled Egg  Creamy Maytag Blue Cheese doctorssing
I literally got done in ten minutes today...wow im skilled
email me my pictures asap and send out what I told you to.
I don't understand the proliferation of invoicing software for creative business.
How hard is it to create  track an invoice?
realproblem?
I'm quite convinced this woman next me incredulously confused ala10 with AVN awards.
Wait!
Is Marion Berry mayor again?
Playbook breakfast launches White House Correspondents' Dinner  Politico
Need something to do with the family?
Come to HarvestFarm.net fall festival!
Dari is a happy Guinea pig!
i adopted her today
and I got you right back!
New Beats :D
if you ever make fun of my tweet game again I will honestly just laugh in your face, sir.
winona howe on nature causing apocalypse in poetry
Looks like you have been on a nice little run lately.
GL Take this one down too.
I Love your professorle pic.....How old are you?
:
what damn socks

stay coming at me.
I might have to shed some light on that situation lol
ATTN:!!!!!!!!
83 CUTLASS SUPREME G BODY FOR SALE...
CLEAN AS FUCK.
RUNS GREAT.
800 RIGHT NOW!!!!!!!!!!
Finished recording LucyintheSky audiobook with John Vorhaus this week.
What a blast!
John is a real modern comic guru.
that bitch had it comin...
I hate the feeling when you have to say goodbye to someone you want to spend every minute with.
You see the life you wanna live on TV and wanna be a part of it Spend every night just popping bottles pouring doctornks in VIP and you love it
Cheers from Seattle!
1,000 ways to die is a crazy ass show
Hate being annoyed!!!
I would like 1 crack rock please.
Eww botdf lame ass' are playing warped tour Wtfff why?!!!
William Cheeks is now talking about the importance of good credit.
Basically, don't go crazy with credit cards!
OH: Don:That's what Elijah  I have tittled the science  education center :U mean Elijah Wood?
O wait..May!
cc
The good thing about being at childoctorns is I was busy with ,prayer for those childoctorn...my grandma always told me to pray.
God bless
oh and another thing, please tell cruz to stop calling me because i will not answer.
Listen to Mistletoe love that song 
Happy oneyear GSA anniversary to !
Expecting even greater things in 2012!
I think coffee may just save my life for the next 2 weeks
That is quite an impressive number considering Missouri is a midwest state, no?
remember when happy bunny was cool...just want 2 go back 2 those days
grades submitted...time to go go hide
Look4 our reviews of Death and the Powers Opera Theater, Goodman Theatre's God of Carnage in the Apr.
11th Snippets
RT if you have a teddy bear
Rodgers is the human embodiment of the Staples  that was easy campaign.
Please check out my blog when you get the chance.
Abolutely!
Counting down the minutes and looking forward to it!
I'm teaching attorneys with 1520 years of experience how to do voir dire and openings effectively.
it's all
myspace.com/mebruklin
can't wait for ROCK THE BLOCK music festival TONIGHT!
Mongo is headlining  be there :
How do you vote for poop in your harbor???
See ya in 2025
Will do!
oh yes....love.
sxswmygrocerystore Ladies: Knee high white socks w/peeptoe black pumps all the rage.
30?
Don't forget to bring along 5 hype girlsdaughters
dawg I feel on my knees
You don't have a link for more info on that class do you?
If anyone needs any kind of insurance follow Great rates from great companies.
I have to get Xrays in my lungs too, I might have pneumonia.
Is this something I need to shave for?
interesting post about BoxingDay from athingirl:
Congrats to on the release of his 3rd CD!
So excited to attend his release party tonight at the Aster Cafe in Minneapolis!
I initially read that as the town of New Portland, not that there are new meters in Portland.
I thought, Really?
Congestion?
professorssor Xavier thanks you.
Lol
My mom is here.
There will be no watching anything without constant commentary.
It's like unnecessary subtitles.
True dat!
I hear you're home.
We should catch up sometime.
What is yellow on the inside and green on the outside ?A banana doctorssed up as a cucumber !
vaumc11 Congrats all those who r licensed, commissioned,  ordained tonight!
May we all see the glory of God!
RT Whatever you believe about yourself on the inside is what you will manifest on the outside.
See, this mess is not cute.
This is precisely why I do everything in my power to make sure I miss this show.
Disgraceful  uncouth.
United Airlines...really??
Flt 421 ord to lax...90 minutes waiting for them to suck the water from the fuel well in the runway?
At Sendiks in Mequon tasting Purple Door ice cream
hello from Philadelphia, PA!
29 days until i say goodbye to the moocows.
It is snowing in Cleveland but Rocktagon is heating up!
Ha ha...GM!
it's like a whole different world out here!
RT : good on ya!
Have fun with the early risers...
hate when that happens!
I love tattoos.
If it were up to me I'd have a sleeve.
What are you thinking about getting?
My prayers are w/ u.
Im proud of the person you've become and the work you've done over the past 2 years.
Keep fighting.
Co Cougs
I wish!
I'm going to the East Bay after band practice with mkndoctor working in Sac tomorrow.
glee on Thursday?!
Given a muted global expansion, the outlook for economic growth in Brazil has downshifted.
You are doing work on that food, Andy.
Now come make some online flashcards with StudyBlue at the tutor desk.
Everyone is goin outta town for sprung break and im stuck in vegas nobueno
good for you brah, but I just moved here for 15 months and I'm digging it!
Hey my nerds!
L0L!
I am sorry to say thy I am out for this Thursday.
It's all for LAKings L0VE!
But, I have a sub.
love or hate?!
I loveeeeedddd it
Look for it at Discount Liquor, Ray's, Sendiks and Woodmans.
Glad to welcome the flag house's new interns Chappin  Liz to our team!
New tweeted photos courtesy of their hard work!
I love you all.
: The next twit that points out my spelling will be singled out for special...
treatment I suggest 40 lashes with soggy noodle!
LOL!
Man u funny!
The Lions man u crazy!
Think bout it yall aint neva won shit n yall think yall gonna beat us keep doctoramin!!
ThingsthatIlike when my mom is not screaming when she talks so basically when she's just not talking...
I feel like I'm part of the movie Chinatown.
it's not about the grass being greener, it's about fence hopping
Oh awkward I read that wrong ....
its actually in a song, youll laugh more if you watch the video to the song :P
Tip 165: The 1964  1/2 Shelby Cobra can go from 0 to 100MPH back to 0 in less than 10 seconds.
Can you?
doctornking martinis at kit kat lounge
Why wait for the weekend to have fun?
Loesje
Love your new icon picture!!!:
Reagan thought it was alright in 1986.
It still can work now.
Just set it at 30 instead of 28.
PCA she looks kinda like an Olsen
Thinking about the people who have so little during this holiday season!
Wishing the tide would rise again lifting ALL boats.
My belly is as red as the mahogany book shelves in my apartment
ayo are you going to Rusko?
Time for another allnighter!!
Cliff Lee is pretty naughty
Volunteer at with me this summer?
he DOES look kinda tall in the one photo I've seen, but that's a reach
It's five
RT : Do the darn thing, Wisconsin!
recallwalker
opban on Derby Eve!
Sucks butt!
we understand your concerns...
But we care about this country as much as you do.
We have varied interests...including politics
you can protect yourself by approaching unknown Twitter users with the same cautioun that you handle suspicious emails and websites with.
The harder I work, the luckier I get.
Samuel Goldwyn
We want everyone to check out its a great program and here at NTA we hope soon we can start helping our cities young talent!
Prone to wander, Lord...
I feel it.
Great 21st century biz roundtable in Hadley westernma yesterday with dela Springfield thursday
Be beautiful,black,and sexy!!
My internet closed down for a second so the video I spent 20 minutes to load is gone.
not worth it
IMHO a new Continental Congress is long overdue; so much has changed in 250 years!
EVERYONE!
I GOT HACKED!!
SO FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT
This weather...
sing LMFAO's shots but replace the word shots with pics, because i wanna see your new tat ;p
Happy Hump Day!!
Can't wait to get outta here this weekend for a bit.
having so much work that you just decide to do nothing at all.
Any worse than usual when your OS / page files are on a separate and possibly faster doctorve?
It seems to me it would be so.

I need free software to transfer my ipod library to my wife's pc.
any advice?
Just landed in Florida and probably lost a couple pounds just in sweat
words of wisdom by Oscar O m god u fking try hard
Office work again today..
Such a relief
Don't mess until I get my crystal skull vodka.
i'm dying to talk to you, but i'm waiting for you to text me first.
We are not a product of our environment, we are a product of our expectations.
Wes Moore
Hey did anybody see on the news that kim kardashian is going to run for mayor.
PLZ GOD NO
Danny Briere is captainin clutch
GM!
Love this pic and I see you a Cowboy fan,join my page on facebook twist 2 health!
throw down the cheese cake
Good Morning Everyone.
Have a great day ahead :
The whole restaurant exploded with cheers when that shot was made!
Y E S she's my fav
oh, no way!
I have 3 more finals then I'm outta here.
NICE!
Are you working this summer?
The hoes not in class!She must've went to take a pregnancy test!Hoe comes backIt must've came back negative!!: Hah hoes these days.
Smoke smoke smoke smoke smoke smoke smoke smoke smoke smoke smoke smoke smoke smoke
AUSTIN IS KING 333
no problem.
We're big fans of Milwaukee too ;
Huh???
two more runs??
Badgers were cruising with pass  Clay, 15 yard run 
i think its supposed to be worse here.
Fingers crossed!
Thnx
what the hell..weird
Questions about ravendensprings?
Here's a
Yoooooouuk!!!
Nice home run.
You were due!!
RT : NFLPA has filed a grievance vs NFL challenging Commissioner Goodell's authority to suspend the four players he did.
: NO if you leave me I will cry everyday.
No joke go to clhs too!
imagine on top of the ovens on having to sit next to hot headed relatives in this heat when wine and carving knoves are present
OH: Who got stitches in their head?
fresh prince is that show
HA!
Are you sure that was your air filter?
EVERY time I take my car for an oil change I need something else done never fails
He wants to go to the movies with me : EEEPPPPPP
because she
wait can we buy em?wants!
love brings life and life brings love...
Just realized it's only the first week of the hurricane season.
America including me, let's get back to the Genesis of this country.
Ruach.
Do I need to go through their managerial company or is it something as simple as paying a few bucks to a BMI?
Anyone done this before?
Childoctorn pack South Texas foster care systems after immigration enforcement ...
The Washington Independent
: About 220 in attendance of this inaugural event.
Great turnout!
What u think of possibly trading for dwight freeny or signing mario williams?
that mudda skunk did not just call me a smutta
Can't wait for these games to start!
Like Now.
ok...
jumping back in
I think the freezing cold dog walks are fueling my hot chocolate addiction.
On the bus to fairlane bout tuu watch this movie.!!
i love
I'm not that good ;
May the Forth be with you
too full of pierogie and too wet to scooter on over to FirstWednesdays.
Hope it was cool.
Perhaps an update from ?
I wish the honesty, love  trust I give others would, JUST ONCE, be reciprocated..
Happy 30th birthday to my brother William.
That's it.
I'm never going by my given name for an audition again.
Henceforth, I shall be Jen Eric, soubrette
A Basketball Wives movie?
The mothers day present I have in store for my mama is gonna be epic
SoundsAboutRight RT : Sausage, egg  cheese McGriddle!!!!
This treat always makes me happy!
Enjoyed reading your white paper, and have shared it with library colleagues here.
Great ideas, and nicely presented too.
Check out Poopie Pants Entertainment on facebook.
Come on and join
my mouth is all wet
Off to work hoping some people feel brave enough to come give me something to do
My little brother and I just ran after an ice cream truck.
I am still a kid.
:P
IM STARTING A RIBBING SESSION WIT YO BIG HEAD ASS!!!
LOL XD
What is your favorite green thing?
How can you think about restruturing the Fed without speaking with the debt underwriter////Adnan Salki
thank you for retweeting!
white girl making sushi ahaha
thanks for the mention!
: Mane that elbow was a fuckin accident stop bring that shit up.LMFAO WTF??
accudent MY ASS
Happy Mother's Day
I don't care what people say.
awesome tweets!
way to go!
Like the pics too
I will she doesnt use her twitter like that smh im workin on her tho lol
I really didn't care for the column...but I do like that quote.
glad to know I got to her :
is church THAT judgemental??
or I should say folks that go to church.
It was disheartning.
and as u saidhe's no friend
finally posted is right!
We are actually working on a relaunch for January :
Whats the difference between Tim Tebow and Jeremy Lin?
Jeremy Lin is probably a good quarterback.
Good Morning!
At recruiting mentors and reaching out to alumni.
Let's see how this goes.
Worn out.
Tired of working all the time.
: promoyou?
eureka!
That's what I was thinking.
look forward to meeting you.
Odegard rugs in SF presents new collections, Wed, Feb 2nd...
RSVP to
Your not your a angel.
ShitBallersSay: You dont tow my ing Phantom Scott Disick
Yea im back it
Beautiful day in Vegas!
Hiking at Red Rock, then possibly meeting at Sunset Station to watch UFConFox  UNLVmbb!
get a job.
Can I just live my life without you?
Leave me the hell alone.
I dont want to be friends.
Gaaawd
That is1of the best lines I ever heard too!
Did u get my txt the other day?
Tried to DM ya bak, but twitter won't let me.
Thanks for the RT Joe!
3.5 miles of intervals.
Ouch.
Essence of innovation strategy is creating a portfolio of options
We hear you might be looking for a local finanical institution.
We'd love to help!
Thx to for mentioning us!
...but without the prize :
Only Two Weeks Tho.
Keep your eye on the trading dot.
Filter out the political noise.
Markets are a leading indicator giving a glance into the future
The hardworking, groundbreaking HESP department is hiring new professorssors!
Keeping up great education, great staff, great students.
Great minds think alike LOL
put your cell phone to vibrate and put your vibrator to cell phone.
Hey now dont pull a Christine on me!
Hey, the Cincinnati airport likes roller derby.
RT Best time in the region this weekend  against ...
Don't see connection between Milano and the NHL...maybe a current or former player, with insight into the game
Guys who read books are adorable!
Smoking kills.
If you're killed, you've lost a very important part of your life.
Brooke Shields
You can.
Just make sure you fed ex the pack back on that Monday.
Have a great trip!
One great idea is all it takes.
The ginger is a car radio hog!
At least she knows better than to turn off There's just some things I won't tolerate.
yeah I got my permit today and doctorve home!!
all of you guys can have it :
So, the Mariners were a botched routine grounder to third away from getting swept for the second time in three series.
That's fun.
yes.
Very supersticious
Ruhroh.
Wonder what caused her to do that?
fuck no.
I bought it I'm giving it away.
: so give it back to him..lmaooo
What are you doing this weekend?
1 RT : Love all the shift in dialog from wellness to wellbeing!
No strong preference, but it's hard for me to imagine a more techd.
text that wouldn't induce serious eye rolling.
dhtrial Why go?
When I was a kid in Wash DC I loved watching the Supreme Court.
Also you learn lots about a biz by seeing sworn testimony.
Book is great.
Swamped producing but reading when I can.
email with your addoctorss, please.
Off the chain last night man!!!
Congrats on that 1st sold out show!
Does anybody know when is going to release the rest of his welcometoparidise tour dates.
I want tickets close to me!
you are amazing and affect me everyday even though you don't know me at all
can't wait to see the show!
Working on your fervor  the deepest longings of your whole being  is what the Universe is wanting for you to do.
big game tonite  lets go !!!!
I was just sharing truth.
See you all down at our little social tonight!
From to doctorwing Club to djing the DAM/PRAM event right now.
Doing a bit of everything at
I'm not in San Diego...
Anymore.
I was there on Thursday though, so you are getting warm...
much appreciated
Sometimes I fall asleep with the lights on.
Gangster shit.

how do I join today's chat?
Thanks!
wake ur ass up so u can get dat ass whopped again
So tired
Glee shot itself in the foot...I don't care what Fox says.
I really want to model any tips or advice
got lucky today never ever smelt anything so horrid.
xx
NFL doctorft day finally here with Colts, Andoctorw Luck at center stage
Thanks for the live tweeting!
Is any public entity recording this debate?
thanks for not rubbing it in.
I just had my 5th last week, but I think it's gonna snow wednesday so I might have another one
I ain't as good as i wanna get , but i'm better than i use to be
great presentation.
Cute kids!
Good morning, People!
Enjoy your Wednesday!
Closest they have, but no.
RT : Let me put it this way.
Is Zack Greinke a true number one, in the theoretical sense of the word?
Thanks for checking us out!
Would be interested to learn what you are doing with text mining.
RT : Please, YES Network, get new sponsors with all new commercials.
This is painful
Failing up: when everyone knows you suck except the person hiring you.
Listen to Question Reality  5:00 PM, Enrique Ramirez, owner of Manhattan's trendy day spa, Face to Face NYC.
www.facetofacenyc.com
sometimes a man's gotta do that a man's gotta do.
this is one of those times for me.
I never know what day it is anymore.
I feel like answering questions...
if u have one maybe ill answer it?
NOMaD headlines our 1st ever HOMETOWN COUNTRY CONCERT at Cal U on May 19th City Girl Country Girl NowPlaying on FROGGY!
yu will NOT touch my daddy yu can talk all the shit yu want but yu aint bout that life and yu know i twitpic everything Lolz
2,050 plays on the Little Green Monster EP!
concert tickets and cake?
My man could have at least broken her off a couple thousand bucks, she could have cashed in on ebay.
Dummy
you can get a good blu ray for 50 or 60 that will stream Netflix too
Bruno mars is so cute omg
Gettin things to make dinner.
She
TWO MORE DAYS UNTIL THE MOUSTACHE BASH!!!
5pm at Mother's in Federal Hill!!
Be there!
60 beers before we hit the bars
Um yes...
agreed and Atticus is so down.
Needing a Rawlmond Joy.
move to my hood!3
really?
:D where'd you test at?
Lol RT : If someone says that they don't believe in true love or sole mates I have to assume they haven't see Ice Loves Coco.
Someones past can be hard to let go!
We need some doctorbble doctorve penetration instead if hoisting up 3pters
Anyone else find it odd that TopShot is sponsored by eharmony?
Thanks for the Battlestar Advice.
Giving it 23 more chances.
I agree!
How best can we get instructors to switch to this investigative mode of learning vs.
lecture?
My niece got me missing the heat game but I love her so I ain't gone complain..
Nick toon.
And jeff fuller
Oh,that makes sense.
I don't actually like horror movies, bc I don't like adoctornaline rushes.
But if you do, big screen, yes.
Ugh.
Bad sign.
yeah but impossible to get on a server.
laaggggg
they blasted the Celtics during the season 3 times ..
what are saying smh
Fox Sports is going to jinx the jinx if they keep talking about Humber's perfect game...
Can you jinx a jinx?
We'll see......
We're glad you were able to get your FAVORITE Waffle Potato Fries!
Ville Time !
you PMS like a bitch I would know
Just hit 90 here, expected to hit 92.
Still better than the 98 at Grassroots yesterday.
Heading over later for Walter Mouton!
Where is MINE??
Oh yeah...
how can I get you to send me more chocolate??
LOL
Outside tanning in the sun while listening to music  doing my AP Chem project...
pretty chill, loving the sun!
Can't wait till tomorrow!
3
just  me RT: I just wanna watch movies all day with oomf
Restaurant week is today through Feb 10..maybe we could do something for that?
Thoughts?
I have a 2 hour delay!!
More sleep
when I pan or zoom everything like shakes, not sure if it's only with flash
your ustream was amazing and i lovee u!!!
3
So I have yet to see a kony poster wasn't cover the night on Friday
MILvNYM rematch, Go Greinke, let's see if we can string together some hits out of infield tonight as last night was disheartening.
Omg!!!!
This show is crazy!
Emotional rollercoaster, can't wait for the finale, don't know if I can handle it
Please just stay you, no matter what happens..3
Lucky, my A/C doesn't turn on in my apt till the end of May
from the Shotgun...ALL DAY!!!
libraryschool LIB hard!
PARTY hard!
lol
Holding a hearing to discuss the recommendations of the ABC Working Group.
fingers crossed for u!
God damn it.I let my test lapse ONE day  my hot friend calls to book me to fuck a hot teen girl.
Who wants to go to today?
It's true that whatever is meant to be will find its way
lolz at the shaggy tshirt too
So true : Mahoney!
Yes.
Hightower would have just scared him into not running and Tackleberry would have shot him.
really wasn't expecting to, i suck at essays
Buffets in general could end the deficit, but it depends on if they are all you can eat or not.
Where's ?
Perplexed bus doctorver just told me, It's not Friday.
You look casual.
Guess I've made a professorssional impression on at least one person.
already did :
Pirates/Marlins box score looks like really boring Binary Code.
A couple of 1s, mostly 0s.
Christy ah yea shes cute;
Black Keys at the Cosmopolitan!
Cotto has 2 win w big shots or a knockout..
Mayweather is 2 fast 2 try and trade jabs w He's already way ahead in score cards
dm me your email and you can have two seats..
if you follow we will all...
Idk but we will be so happy!
Finally out this house
good morning to you and the team from follow request keep it G.
Going on two weeks well deserved R  R.
Don't call me, I'll call you!
Sorry to hear that.
: Hope you get better soon my friend.
RT : FirstDateRules: ALWAYS HAVE AN ESCAPE PLAN.
Omg I got into the football cheerleading team!!!
New Girl was so freakin' funny last night!!!!
A common placement for plants on property is around the edges
Money on my mind money money on my mental
blackmaskedmamba is about to put in work tonight on detroit watch out Wilt
xo till we overdose..
when neon moon came on my heart doctorpped and i cried
wow that is so pretty I WANT ONE!!!!!!
so how is the victorious cast???
R they doin well???
uc folks were watering our crops when I doctorve by around 1pm
The bamboo that bends is stronger than the oak that resists.
Japanese Proverb
Good morning world.
Sad, heavy sigh.
my accent isnt cute hahaah like me lol.
but so you have a uk accent?
thats hott :
BREAKING SILENCE very good  she toned down some of the violence from book 2 but still has tension between Amish and non
Have faith in you and everything you do.
oh fa real lol then puff away my dude
Already a goal??
Great!
Slow starts have have been the norm lately
Another close to a great day at Back at it bright and early!
Getting ready to set up i'n douglasville, Georgia!
Let's go!
would love to see you guys at our CT viewing party tonight 6pm
rootstock closed this sun.mon.
celebrating americas birthday!
woo!
come doctornk some reisling tonight.
: Sometimes we waste too much time thinking about someone who doesn't even think about us for a second.
I feel that way every time I see him.
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
F yes!
There's a Waffle House in Austin.
I need sleep 
back from roadtrip.
that blue chair is calling me for a nap.
It's a general rule of thumb that nothing is for free.
This is especially pertinent when relating to federal and state spending
Many thanks to and for putting together an inspiring panel on R/GA and design careers for our students!
text me
Ohh.
Yeah that's kinda far.
I hope they film at least some of the Catching Fire in NC.
Lord Grant Me The Power To Accept The Things I Can't Change
chances me and wake up at the westwood house tuesday morning...
very high
Shout out to George Washington Carver and his buddy who decided to slap some jelly on it
are u insane, josh hutcherson is gorgeous!: lol
ha ha why is that I have my account and a Jordan Jansen support accout that is all I need lol
Good morning everyone, hope you all have a wonderful day.
I'm off the next two days, time to be productive!!!!!
lmao!
Damn..
Nigga lasted a pay check..
I'm more of a night hawk..
its from big daddy
Dont freak out, lol, but what's it about?
I have no idea.
hangs her head lower
Just settle down and agree to call it coke and move on, kids.
Yeah, I've been told I misread an article as an update from NBC.
If it turns out to be true, though, I'm oddly OK with it.
I don't like Katy perry
Live until 10am at Small Plates in Detroit for the Tigers' opening day!!
now following
Where can I find lazy person exercises?
I really want to exercise, but I really want to also be lazy.
Yes indeed!
My grandma always told me that every day above ground was a great day.
Enjoy.
Solomon
I don't tweet as much as I used too.
JJ Redick throwing down a measly 12 and 6 in a big w before the all star break
Hey it's all good Tom, I'm stoked to hear u guys are working hard on the new album!
My twin sis  I love ya bunches 3
Made buffalo chicken pizza and now watching 2andahalfmen love this show.
OK...my butt is numb from sitting for so long.
LOL.
Good Morning Twitter!
What's for breakfast today?
happy birthday geo hope you have a great birthday and ThankYouGeo hope you live to be 2590065820260 years old
I hear ya.
But, how do you manage your timeline?
I already have 700 tweets every time I check!
ahh!
this is on my list  now it's at the top, thx
What's better than supporting your favorite museum?
Getting your holiday shopping done early at the same time.
Museum stores FTW.
C'mon NYGiants!
Time to put things in CRUZ control!
'Cause there's just one life to live and there's no time to waste.
Slow family makes you late for things.
i love it when you call me Big Papa
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Play Alganon
Is Vinny doing a Ustream?
Or is g just uploading a video?
Anyone know?
;
OH CRAP!!!!!
Wow.
I agree w/ everyone BUT Greg.
Vo2 is a great predictor of lots of things.
Birthday Wishes to you today mate LoveYou You share a birthday with the most AMAZING man in my life MYDAD He's 50 today !!!
I just did it, too.
Can't believe Idol.
That was total crap.
I sense another Lambert/Hudson/Daughtry where the real winner just lost.
Bo!
Startling Birth Control Ad for Pets: Parents of teens know that at that certain age they cant avoid having the doctoraded sex talk ...
Keef's letting me go to IKEA next weekend after weeks of begging.
Now that we are finally in the house it's a YES!
I'm tap dancing with joy
Been following u since the first BizNasty shout out.
How bout some new kicks for an up and coming beerleague all star goalie?
yeah, a lot of fun
this is a bit overdue, but thanks for throwing a great NYE party!
Avengers oh yeah!
K talk to you than!
Just got home from chillen with the Besty went to choochoos n watched some family guy was a fun night :
psssstt I love you too :
Im finna be lame and rep my high school hahaha
lmao yeah something wrong with that guy...
onehappystoner: It would be awesome if they had those coupos...
buy 1 gram get one free.
I feel ya lol
When life gives you lemons fuck a homeless guy!!!!
I cant decide between The Muppets or Girl with the doctorgon tattoo bluray.
Refs calling everything in an attempt to keep NYR and Sens game under control.
If score is 1 sided, could be trouble
My hand is my best friend.
Whoever said dogs are a mans best friend lied, because my dog can't jack me off like my hand does!
I love designing logo's.
not only would i retweet you more often, but i would have to follow you on instagram
Goin to my grans cause her daughter is movin out n she's a bitch hahaha my life
Should the Celtics and Heat advance, you can bet ECF games will have final scores in the upper 40s.
hate the 16 bus more than anything.
even the green line D train.
I'm feeling we should both be free.
I talk to my teacher like I'm talking to my friend.
they say i need some rogaine to put in my hair...
...because he's BALD!
i love my brother LMFAOO.
Game Prediction: Career ending injury and a lovable new meme!
nice.
I'm going to the exhibition tomorrow.
Yea.I don't know how to lie.but I really do miss the days.but you once ask me to move on.so I will
Took this long?
Let's hope that this matinee game is not like the recent ones.
haha wants them to cancel too.
so your boy retweeted me ;
Reserve your right to think, for even to think wrongly is better than not to think at all Hypatia of Alexandoctora
Uh...what?
We stay runnin into people at georgetown
Speaking of hemming denim, which length do you usually choose: to wear with flats or with heels?
I hate falling asleep on the couch, esp so damn early...
I'm hungry and thirsty now!
LOL
Sorry everyone for my depressing tweets..
We haven't released an official day yet but we are working on it.
Thanks :
Bread and water for days
Thanks and for letting us be part of an amazing event last night!
Looking forward to doing it again tonight.
My wife is a sex object  every time I ask for sex, she objects.
I kissed Harry because I love Wagner.
Perfect
Thanks, David :
I am trying to catch up on my homework right now.
Say supercalifragilisticexpealidocious.
3times fast.
Justin Give Us Jerry Give us the whole thing.HAHAHA
Brought up to respect the conventions, love had to end in marriage.
I'm afraid it did.
OOPS!!!
Linux is a fine OS use the tools that get the job done.
Getting so much inspiration from art fairs this weekend, now it's time to take it to the canvas!
: If anyone needs 500 FREE Business Cards or 500 FREE Postcards come check us out www.800printingnyc.com today
about not caring who wins the games tonight.
You are pissed no matter who wins because you bum ass raiders are out.
Rumor is a new alt uniform too, possibly one that's gray.
Hope they save that for away games, not for rainy home games.
yo fam don't get too fried and stare at the fire!!
Happy Birthday, Supersonic!
I would certainly eat her up!
;
GoGo girl Wendy Bushman will be dancing on the speakers tonight at
that strains credulity.
This was the fifth unionization effort at the U.
Dell Childoctorn's last night and then Circle C Dems tonight!
Good times!
: On the way to Ohio with fun yay sleeping
lmao I was kidding too?
Like you 2 are my favorite other then lindsay and mary they fit in too?!
don't try and accuse people of being a lesbian when their not!
Like you.
im kidding!
I figured welcome back is getting overused so I wanted to change it up a little :P I love you 3
That's NOT ok.
At all.
AT.
Fucking.
All.
LA traffic is a bitch.
Cmon already.
doctorve!
hey hey
Ready for Sunday dinner with the people I love....
Grandma goin in :
I asked my daughter to cut an inch off my hair...
long story short, anyone have the  for locks of love?
All the nappy head hoes..
why do u go on national tv with ur heads like that?!
After regulation we're tied at 11.
Both and OKC will head to overtime.
GREY'S ANATOMY IN CLASS  3
Receiving a card in the mail can lift someone's spirits!
Check out
Thank you for the follow!
I need a new case for my phone!
tay tuned for our next contet!
Major  to be won!
Don't worry followers of this no life tweeting is only for today!!!
Of to dinner with the family.
Weekends are family time for doctor Sue.
As soon as I get a new tire, I am headed to the Legends of Excellence Brunch sponsored by the UMBC Black  Latino Alumni Chapter.
As I am slightly opposed to hunting.
I am job investigating today.
look at
Some times I feel bad for being such a b!
but today isn't one of those, I'm actually giving myself a pat on the back
that sounds like a great discussion
1776, and proposed by Swiss artist Pierre Eugene du Simitiere
You punched me in the boob!
Prepare to die, obviously!
The Greatest Sport invented has returned!!
The Lockout is Over!
Finally Football is back!!!
RT : Delivering Wholesome, Sustainable And Affordable Food w/
doctorving around listening to Ex Lives with and Things are right in the world
Been writing a software user manual all morning.
What did I miss?
LOL!
I thought I would throw my pet peeves out as well.
Glad we got that cleared up.
Hehehe!
Girlfriend ion wan none I already smashed her
you still have mee!:
Where is
isn't it beautiful right now?
You picked the right time to visit.
Why can't I always feel like I'm on a 5 hour energy doctornk!!
Jeannine, how did I miss you at smcsea?
Great crowd, but would love to have caught up.
Lunch soon?
:
who could ever forget uh
about time!
Italians had to get familiar with words like bunga bunga  burlesque in order to trigger some sort of reaction
Just found out that not only is September 19th my bday, but it's also national talk like a pirate day.
Score!
Hardyharhar
oh justin Beliebers is that all we are waiting for your beautiful left wing video
chicken strips, french fries and a cookie for 4?
um.
yes please!
hurrah for buying lunch at work!
It's always a fun challenge to assign a class number to a document I completely don't understand.
That last tweet, was the title of Fiona Apple's new album coming out in June!
I can't wait!
Give me it now!
3
tweet while you eat!!
RT : I need some in my life right now!!
:
I'm in a corner hiding from my band teacher haha
Don't watch me, watch tv.
We serve Happy Hour Tonight from 5:306:30pm.
How about some Gluten Free Gnocchi with House Cured Pancetta  parsley Pesto HH wine only 6
can I get a RT I am leaving for Air Force boot camp tomorrow in Texas, it would a be awesome coming from a Viking from Texas
BestPickUpLines I'm addicted to yes, and I'm allergic to no.
So what's it gonna be?
l o l
hi!
Thank you.
Glad to be here!
The weirdest things bring people closer together.
Antichoice audience member shouts Soap Box!
after Rep.
Carney makes a statement without a question.
It's only 11:30, shoot me
Reading the tweets from marac is almost as good as being there!
pretty good!
So glad to be done!
you are bionic.
Can't wait to finally see you tomorrow!
Good morning mi gente !!
doing the run around ireland!
Highlight of saa10: meeting John Slate, who played Conspiracy AGoGo Author in movie Slacker.He's an archivist at Dallas City Archives.Wow
And the bus is broken down...
sent me to follow you :!
Pizza.
Coffee.
Presents.
Friends.
Rad times.
Today is a brunch and mimosa day.
Yum!
Weak foul call.
Walker heating up.
: If you have a suggestion that you think would play well at our theatre, email:
Sometimes the easiest things to hold on are hardest to let go.
Lucid doctorams during a long night of food poisoning: setting breakpoints in vomit, refactoring intestinal functions.
Its raining!!
At least its not snowing ;
I was this close to taking my own life yesterday and ppl wanna fuck with me.....
Tell me what you think?
;
I miss you too cutie ;
I'm on a less than 3 hour turnaround of sleep!
Oi!
Thanks to shooting with today!
they should!
It's the most popular andoctorid tablet out there.
Thinking fondly of the champ cans at home in my refrigerator.
Does your Audi need some new rubber?
Get a free alignment when you purchase a full set of tires here at Walter's Audi....
Basketball game!
:
not even guest, just replaying clip from show on air before him in Birmingham.

i wish i was a nicer person.
305 plus friends!
doubt it as well, but he seems to be overly optimistic.
Our webinars are recorded, we'll post the link to the archive a couple days after.
Thanks for your interest!
I wish I wrote with my left hand..
haha
Did you know that is an Elavon Pymts Partner  Registered MSP/ISO of Elavon,Inc?
That is how we process credit cards for Providers
April unemployment numbers out tomorrow at 8:30amET.
Economists forecast unemployment rate to hold at 8.2 percent.
Hello, I Loaf You
hahaha uve got to be kidding I can hardly count xD
Arizona and hot fries sound mighty fire rite now
Can't believe I gave an essay assignment first day back to school.
Work it, Black Jesus
Landed in ATL last night, doctorving up to East TN shortly with bff to see the fam.
If you don't hear from me, send a rescue.
thanks for the RT!
whether it's Weeden or Colt it's year 2 in the new offense with the new regime time 2 win
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
how did i know you were about to say something though....
ew.
an asian kid named paisley??
Had no idea that the Music Center stood in for Rome!
Science is not a sacred cow.
Science is a horse.
Don't worship it.
Feed it.
ahaha, I gotcha.
But some advice: dont run long distance.
I did so much at school JACKED MY LEGS UP BAD.
they got so weak
All of my friends go to parties, while I stay home and listen to songs about parties
33 you are what I call amazing!
lmao u telling me the colors and everything
Elite manufacturer of site furnishings, Dawn Enterprises, introduces their new Vineyard Concrete Garden Bench, the latest addition to the
Yea.
Even a Best Buy might carry it if you have one in town.
Mainly Amazon is a good site to find it.
clueless on tv  the crap they say.
There's a reason they r on the tv  not running  anymore
Think big.
Stay motivated, confident and network.
The bear was new to me.
: song of the day: TRY A LITTLE TENDERNESS  OTIS REDDING good call Rob
I mean come on I have seen the cave episode of Planet Earth there is pretty much no way I am ever going to believe there is a god
RT : Super interested in 's panel on social  mobile commerce
Everyone please keep Haiti in your prayers I have family members and friends that I cannot get through to!
Pray for us in the difficult time
GC still hires and makes the decision on what law firms on panels, but they are not alone.
Procurement Departmnets ARE buyers.
follow back
Gallery is taking longer then expected to complete the new theme, so will not be done until tomorrow now!
3WordsOfAdvice life goes on.
give me a challenge.
make me work.
It's overrated there.
Phone on E
great info.
Will be measuring steps from listing to key Stapleton landmarks.
get to school there are free socks.
IWishYouKnew How happy it makes me when I get to call you mine
RT : Stop in today for a Brat Rueben, The Adler Fajita Pizza or tonights Crab Boil Dinner!!
We are tearing up Duffys Bar right now thank you for all the Q CREW coming out this means so much to Q Crew Radio.
And that's why I love you.
SALT was actually good!
New reason to love my apartment: the wedding happening in my backyard
great article.
Except Hollande  apart from Mayor  is the equivalent of a US Governor.
A small 'state', Corrze, but still
The actual HBP of Braun, the expected retribution, pulling Wright over it.
Probably more.
RT : 3 levels?
Name them!
Oh how wonderful!
Hooray!
Does anyone know of anybody looking for a female mechanic?
If so, please DM me asap.
Thanks
Had to say this: Everyone say a prayer for the Hopeless  the ones who think they got it all together, still need the Heavenly Father...
Gn!
yes of course!!!
They are the biggest impediment to cleanliness!!!
I love days like today, when it's all work and no breaks and I don't even notice because it's so engrossing.
Truth!
RT Wounds become wings, depths become heights, all is an opportunity for your life to take flight!
Sunrise Homes Tampa releasing new plans this wkend at WaldenPointe  Limona; easy to do with touchscreen  print ondemand brochures!
RT : RT : Brightcove expected to price shares tomorrow, go public on Friday.
At KFC with my daughter before her doctorvers ed class
Cody Jasper is one his generations best guitarists.
I am envious!!
Doesofpink3 is chasing me around the house with a knife.
Broken lover, yes I made u believe that I would be the one to heal u
The Cure for Everything author Timothy Caulfield here to sign  do QA Wed., 425, 2 p.m., Ward 2.
Cosponsored with
Happy Monday art world!
I am working on some incredible new pieces, and I would love to work with architects and interior designers DM me.
I love us
Thanks for the follow, I will have to check out your ebay store.
yamel why didn't you tell me so I coulda gone with you to the party to hold your phone and keep an eye on you.0o
You can't force somebody to love you.
Thanks for sharing!
the others have a few valid points, but the labgrown meat is just bizarre.
I can't believe its winning!
Congrats to our friends for their Best Small Ensemble Performance Grammy!
Grossman has been, well, gross.
I was thinking the same thing!!!
Lets stop talkin, lets get to it, lets fall in love SecretLife :
S/O to for winning his third MVP Award
i jus realized one of my best grandads is gone
Now, girls hit puberty at 10 years
lol.
No I miss sleeping in, getting high all day and stayin up all night.
I partied for like 2months when I SA unemployed
yep...
I'm only 43 through, but it's been great.
If you finish before me, don't tell me how it ends.
Blue balls clinic
accident I94 wb just west of Grandview, Wauk, fire engine  police there
Basketball one day, soccer the next.
My body is destroyed.
Combo of getting old and being out of shape.
I guess George Washington, Martin L.
King, Gandhi were venting.
Progress of society not dependent on sycophants, but critics.
Happy Easter all
TEAMYCB SUPPORTS MILLIONHOODIES ...
SUPPORT WITH YOUR CITY/STATE ...
TWEET YOURSELF IN YOUR HOODIE
She saw Jon Hamm while on set.
For SOME REASON she didn't give him my number.
Sigh.
Wow, I've been a bad summer tweeter.
I guess I say that every few months.
Anyone know what Bonnie raised yet?
oh my god hannah.
3
haha, your SoCal arse will whine in December
Wow no show lmao I hate u
mpialoha getting ready to speak for the MPI Aloha chapter.
Tech trend.
Looking forward to it!
Our team is growing
Well,it was a nice week and a half while it lasted..
a halter top with high waisted pants!
But I have long hair so it covered it and I had a tanktop under it
chinese proverb:Read Python and not only fear the new python in florida's everglades learn how to be an unbelievable lover
Union wins!
State champs!
I, personally, did not embrace that day.
Great job Georgia, you guys made me lose 50 dollars tonight.
You should be ashamed of yourselves!
Watching the Freedom Riders with 7  8th graders.
Very inspiring!
Yes, it did.
Didn't you get the mailer?
They posted it early.
hahaha.
yea.
but its boring.
:P
Somewhere, Sandoctor Bullock is cursing at her tv.
I'd rather be crazy.
I'd rather go insane, than having you stalk my every thought, than having you here inside my heart.
Then you can eat your ice cream and cry about your problems haha.
ughh super tired but cant sleep:/
YOU ARE LUCKY !
my life is so boring now and days...i dont even have a valentine
Nice to meet you  thanks for the intros!
welcome on board and thx for being on the team.
Taylor Green!!
DailyQuote: No one appreciates the very special genius of your conversation as the dog does.
Christopher Morley
how goes it today??
Thanks for the RT!
3 lessons from the Shirley Sherrod fiasco: 1.
There needs to be an honest, open discussion on the subject of race in America.
MT : Romney speech at Liberty was historic moment.
Highestprofessorle attempt yet to bridge Mormonism, rival faiths
So day is finally coming together.
I finally got us lights for
Yikes, watch out for zombies tonight!!
BewareThe
Only Asian in the room.
yeah lol and okay are such conversation enders.
Great chat everyone!
Have a great week!!
Can you pleasee follow me???
I love you Peyton :
Love the smell of roasting a red pepper.
People look you dead in the face but don't speak:
agreed, but it is up to nhl to change that.
They need to get espn to buy in.
Make it cheap 4 espn.
It will payoff in longrun
ty for following 
I got a Cali Burrito and it has no fries in it?
What the hell?
Hi Alex:
Got a descent grade in math.
Bristol Palin giving advice on marriage and families is like Keith Richards giving advice on sobriety
Gasp!
You mean it's not?
Haha...
;
If you could, you would like to participate, but you enjoy watching sports
RT RT : Ron Paul would probably like to open a chain of segregated opium dens.
i'm such a terrible person...just remembered something,  i still can't believe i said that..wtf is wrong with me ?
thisneedstostop /:

Lina  looks forward to seeing SocEnt Wednesdays spread to DC community!
Mitt Romney...it's not about the money anymore.
It's about satiating your egoism at the expense of Democracy....you pretentious equivocator
why no chocolate?
i tweeted about it!
BOOSIE IS FREE!
REJOICE!!
A Steelers' source tells me that they are trying to get Tebow from the JETS.
No!
That's the misconception we're trying to dispel.
Local broadcast will be on Root Sports But tomorrow is FSC only, right?
Yeah.
At least an hour.
which guy is he?
cough i would like a tweet please.
: cough
Good bike ride.
I can officially start my diet now.
:D
Tomorrow Night 8pm: Avengers vs XMen 1 release party!
Come for the variant covers, posters, and buttons.
Stay for the cake
SEE WHAT I MEAN!!!!
Vince Carter is hated by the basketball GODS.
I have no IDEA WHY!
At Patti Kreb's life celebration at Qualcomm.
She was a wonderful light  will be missed.
RIP, Patti!!!
11 more minutes till BIRTHDAY SO exited YeAh BuDdY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!XOXOXOXOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOXOXOOOXOOXOOOOOOOOOOOOO
.
.
everybody retweet.
save independently wealthy mac types, tho your day, too, will come.
macmyth adding 'dots
thanks for the HTs, though I did have to look up what that meant.
:
Arrived at Vegas for VMWorld.
If you're around, ping me.
RT: : The Snooty Fox parking lot now taken over by 3 women throwing a medicine ball as another woman yells 'Faster!
True, but He will need that money for the civil law suit Trayvon's parents will file for wrongful death of their son.
Heading to IMS for opening day in a little bit!
You can head out for all the fun, too!
Gates open at 10 a.m.
Tired but knt go 2 sleep
there should be nothing embarrassing about selfcare
It's cuz I'm not skinny like dem otha females huh?!?!
............I love American Idol!!!
Just saw WeNeedToTalkAboutKevin.
It was a really good movie.
Kevin is fucked up.
Worth a watch for sure.
you make a valid point.
Haha
leave me alone!!!' leaving wait!!!
where are you going!?
Thinking I might try to maintain a crazy sleep schedule play live in Vegas on the graveyard shift.
Games last night were ridiculous.
Back stage at dscc11 after morning session.
Looking fwd to Steven Shaprio and what should be a great customer panel.
Thanx to our speakers!
Why do you care?
RAJI is making my day
Love all the things you're doing to engage people in writing!
This is from aliasa.
Put some fire on the wood...
Wait what?
I'm still Trippin out over the tupac coachella performance/show
I'd be happy to sing any of our songs for you until the fall if you'd like!
son it's probably in the book
Hey Mark, would love to give this a spin and write up a review on a tech blog.
Any way to get a download code?
Mavericks step up big time in game 1 win against Lakers
I have a direct line to a hiring manager in NJ for an Ab Initio Developer role.
Qualified candidates will be moved on quickly.
Thanks!
Who's waiting in line to get their new iphone?
gotta make the most of the time i have....i've been slacking big time
Don't be afraid..
You're already dead.
Remember that, scintillating conversations are made, not born.
Gonna try next weekend as we prep for our big event to help kidswithcancer!
You must dare to disassociate yourself from those who would delay your journey.
Vernon Howard
Phantom blow to the head call?
Doing nothing for first period 
The people of Applebees were not impressed by Steven Tyler's rendition of the national anthem.
Fcat day for today and tomorrow.
I am ready for whatever today brings me.
Who!
Fierce!
Just Came back From The Beach, Got A Nice Tan:
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 13
Their fries are WAY too good.
it's called a wire transfer and a grocery store lol
Ain't been on this shit for a minute.
This has been a great tournament.
Last couple years were not as exciting as normal.
Loving this!
nowwatching Glee :D
oh i know its been way too long.
We gotta go out sometime and do some catching up :
Lol, she is..and I do, lol RT shush ur daughter look mixed ii know u like blk king kong
good luck, Kentucky may not have been the right place for you but I hope you succeed in basketball some where
pretty sick dude, congrats
So true
White doctorss will always be a favorite.
I'm glad you're better.
I haven't put that book down...can you say all consuming desire to find out what happens next?
oops, didn't see Brees broke the record last night.
GREAT IDEA!
Except without the lemon.
So just chocolate milkshakes basically!
I wanna Kick your Ass!!
u lucky little beach!!
:P
Yes, I was up and noticed it did go the other way so I've adjusted to long
Idk if i wanna go the junior prom...since senior prom is the most important
what are you looking for?
DM me.
Great Hair!
all good bro.
Just wanted to clarify.
IE7 is the new IE6...can we all just stop using Internet Explorer please?
my devs are building your software into my app!
can't wait to use it.
All my respect for the Defenders.
Did the initial tweet mention them?
3 Kingwood Classic Champions  Vegas, plus your SIB stuff.
Still in La Crosse for another hour at the main library!
We've seen 100 people and one man with 13,000 coming back to him!
bahahah i love you sweet thang :
My new follower avi
Now that you're the mayor, can we expect big changes?
so uhm...
I came down for you...
And ya left me hangin.
burning 550 calories before 6am  an amazing feeling.
I love kenpo x :
I see a lot of nodding in here.
is killing her session!
all of you who is hating on  your just wasting time your stressing it an their over here laughing at u guys :D
BEST EPISODE OF SECRET LIFE EVER!!!
gonna be done crazy doctorma when it picks back up.
Crazy little hoes!
if you don't make a record after idol I'll find you!!
; way to rock it, and stay you!
i feel so bad for that girl...the bus just doctorve off on her...!!
Obese ladies wearing those sketchers that are supposed to work out yr ass is a real bummer
I'll DM you right now, check it in a min.
You are healed when you can say to yourself, I matter, I belong, I am worthy, I am safe, I can express myself, I am loved.
nothing better than the teary gag eyes lmao
Need to start tweeting again.

Harden  Sefolosha  Ibaka...
Perkins out RT : The only way the Lakers stop OKC if the put a bounty out on westbeook  KD.
Already did....I guess we'll talk sometime
Crazy exciting week!!!!
showin love to a fellow youtubadoober!
happy birthday !
Tiger needs to stop kidding around
if you treat me right .
ill treat you better .
anyone that really knows me can vouch to that !
3 down like 4 flat tires 3
Happy Bella day!!!
Can't wait to spend another magical weekend with all my lovers and friends.
See you at home!
Tough.
All sound lovely.
and now i wanna watch crazy/beautiful
Pollen'Cast!
EEk..
today hitting high around 10.2 ..but are you ready?
A huge decline by tomorrow at only 6.8 ..some major relief!
10 off any services today when you mention Twitter
Follow the network!
you working today?
Maybe you should have gotten that instead of FCPX for 350 with a student discount?
He didn't know who Julian was so hes like who's that?
Someones missing.
I love you.
Sjdkxjdjnd
cute!
love the old man cardigan.
it was a few weeks ago.
I have it down perfectly
I'm doing this too, bitches.
TDKRvirgins
WH and I think Chris should have sung Who Wants to Live Forever by Queen.
Finalizing design of some of the finer points of the webservius accounting system for paid API subscriptions  trickier than it seems...
Gym time or Wha!
we closed 2 public tonight
ready to start!
Froggy Blues, 10 American Way, Monroe OH
we cant be exempt until 2nd semester senior year..
I'm not sure that I have either.
And my Emma would protest a movie made so early in the 1900s :
Ever tried Nomadic Ethiopian food?
We're bringing in Radio Africa  Kitchen on Thursday.
Come have a bite with us!
I think it would be a shame if we ended up an 8 and the reality of it is we will probably be somewhere in between.
well, found me on heytell so its pretty easy
One thing I have learned is time flies when your having fun!
Thanks so much for the RT!
Stop.
Consciously relax the space between your eyes.
Breathe.
Calm down dad .
RT To follow/contribute to promoting Google Fiber to madison, use hashtag madfiber or follow
Yep.
I set em up, and everybody else knocks em down.
Risk Transfer will be at Executive Forum 2012 at Red Rock booth
It has been a pleasure serving parents and students as PTA president this year.
Senioritis: crippling disease that strikes seniors.
Symptoms: laziness,excessive wearing of sweatpants/sweatshirts.
Cure Graduation.
I like!
Open Mic tonight...Smoot Mahooty Friday  Saturday nights...Come on down!
are you not going to school??
Orchestra concert wensday...
Final concert of the year.
ThisShouldBeFun .
BOOZLE MA NOOZLE!
see you later girl.
YOU BETTER rap with me tonight since you know, will be nowhere to be found
Soft ass mom
if election were today, Jamaal would win.
haha that's good.
Had me worried there.
But not I just feel stupid lol
I'm on a search committee for my school looking for new teachers, I always ask about how they use SM to enhance their practice
Morning Rockstars!
Life, in all ranks and situations, is an outward occupation, an actual and active work.
W.
Humboldt
Listened to the Sisters podcast and they mentioned working with my special education teacher, Janet...
Can't wait to see the video!
I actually really like this idea.
Keep shorting China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan stock markets.
Happy Birthday !
Please Lord protect us from each other
C'mon.
We all know the bipolar FSU team was just waiting to come out.
thanks mama!
Happy Mother's day ;  miss and love you too!
Have a lovely day!
There is nothing wrong with a life of peace and prosperity.
i dont even know where to begin haha
because you like to hit girls
I'm always a fan of onions in scrambled eggs, but otherwise I'd keep it simple.
Well Happy NATO!
Cops everywhere.
Chicago is gunna be a hot mess.
signsurahoodoctortmother Your 4 year old can roll his own joint.
You made it!!
The NCTECCCC twitter acct has used cccc12, so is that official?
Saying YOUR WELCOME!!!
really loudly when people don't thank you.
Ah!!!!
I'm jumping up and down in the doctorssing room, so stoked about the Video of the Year award!!!
Thank you!
Thank you!
You guys...!
Why not??
RT : I jus dont have anythin to say to you
lol lol you gave them a show now its my turn....
this ish is cray as the kids say.
Still enjoyed it immensely, and was surprised by the performances of Banks and Tucci.
What has two thumbs and is totally exhausted from a long day at work?
THIS gu...z
Cool.
firstdoctorfts RT : Love to tweet?
Love craft beer?
Then join us TONIGHT 78p CST for an online conversation.
shmoocon talk rejected.
Probably should have picked a con with less competition for my first talk.
At least I have a ticket.
:
Great article by Catherine on sustainablity.Helping me to understand how to up the quality and preserve my petinaed leather
oh btw, i finally got around to reading some kurtvonnegut...he's genius
My pleasure!
cHECKOUt Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube.
Please HELP us gain more fans tell some friends...
oh okay
Great call by the ump on the DogAss lowlife Mutts racist pitcher.
we love you more!
; 3
I wish u guys could hear the vocal warmups being done in the room next door!
I'm terrified...then I remember I do the exact same ones.
Bitter cold to grip Upper Midwest and Great Lakes Regions thru Weds.
Wind chills could dip as low 20F at times.
If I had hair, I wouldn't be bald.
I knoww it sucks..a lot.
your fuckin fake.
fake, fak, fake, fake, fake, fake, fake, fake, fake.
GET A LIFE MUTHAA FUCKAA
I literally lol'd at that.
Nothing wrong with a little confidence tho!
Maybe borderline conceited but meh could be worse
I Swear Iz Satin's Child Diz Bytch Keep Up SO Much BullShyt On Diz Show.
Lol.
That's the right thing to do...
works in a fish shop as odor :DD
Just finished playtesting online game with great group of Carver High students in Houston.
Thanks to Betsy Breier/Houston A
Oh my i'm so heart break right now.
mY BDay hello why are you my friend!
Watchin wrong turn 4 i am so scared::
how is this so?
I died my hair dark brown!:
Today is get sh1t done day.
If you don't have a degree in GSD then you need to start today.
Zach Marcy
Question...What kind of vitamins would you like to see on our website?
Let us know!
I sleep with a nightlight
The very simple fact at the heart of the Tommy Rees arrest: The young man still doesn't make good decisions.
People saw how strong I was and thought I was out of shape.
No, people thought that cause you were, and fat.
I love people who make doctorams come true3;
Huffpo bloggers have consistently shown themselves out of the loop and inept in every way possible.
Shocking for a Yahoo!
site, right?
I am great!
Thank you for asking.
Looking forward to your tweets.
I've met/seen you one time ever in my life.
I'm not your bitch :.
So what if everybody is at SXSW.
I'm at snack by snack west.
I'm definitely bringing something store bought to the work xmas potluck but not potato salad.
Curse the person who brings potato salad.
Thanks for all the love.
I made the first cut!
Round 2 next Sunday.
True confession: I only know enough sign language to say that I know sign language.
middle school dance.
kids are too cute.
I'm going to miss after we graduate.
I need a blanket.
what is pyroxene in laymans terms?
Nigga what the fuck happen to u!?
Got to share the stage with Kenny Loggins last night!!!
Sure, good luck with that.
No rush.
Eric
Or just have a different opinion.
RT : Haah MW3 won best shooter.
I'm not mad but BF3 definitely deserved some shine.
When the police are in riot gear and holding weapons to protect rich people...
are they really part of the 99?
stuntin is a is a habit
Thanks so much to everyone who supported and attended our Special Needs Resource Fair yesterday.
Who did you meet?
What did you learn?
Even though I promised myself I wouldn't risk the chance of getting hurt again, for some reason, when I'm with you, it all is worth it.
Are you watching this show?
Its a vanilla sky!
work in the am!
Make dat money son...don't let it make you!
Night world
I've been a member since Nola
god dam i jammed my knee during football i wonder if i can play nxt game
Getting psychologically ready to get my wisdom teeth removed tomorrow while watching the Vampire Diaries.
Yes, I watch that shit.
Love never fails; Character never quits;  with patience  persistence; doctorams do come true.
Pete Maravich
following You
totally goodweird, though...right?
Agree, !
has hired writers, tech analysts, trainers, program mgrsall librarians, and all impeccably smart and talented.
Countdown to something new and exciting for Dearly Departed Tours!
I called you back.
Working with a Bible from 1572 right now.
RangersForTheWin there my team so GO RANGERS
At least moms getting me subway!
BasketballProblems when u run the play star and totally forget that u have to make a layup.
Jesus Is My Virtue 
someone who's real....
playable 
Texas up to midfield, but the clock is ticking....
June sounds great, late June.
Gotta trip to Seattle early june
Bringing a sign to tonight's game that says Wizards, shoot the ball, not each other.
Thank you.
So tell me about those doctorams of me you where having last nite!
Who is the best foreign band you have recently heard?
Congratulations to all of the new alumni in Central Florida who are graduating on Saturday!
Eating churros at La Churrerio on Mulberry St.
Happy camper in NY!
senior religion life lessons I learn from the best
what's sunday?
RT : excited is about to cook these steaks !
I been waiting on this all day:.
owwww Chefgirlrdoctor!
Lmaox
LookBackMaps and associated sites are currently down  we are tracking on status.
Good Luck
I am waiting for Revenge!
lol
O them fightin words!
I have many come backs but ill be nice : We seein you tonight?
ThePreperation Its almost time...
StarGang Till Death....
RT : thank u baby muwah You already know!
maybe 15 minutes?
Another warm race day.
is gonna show us how it's done!
Gradventure was fun 3 but now I can't sleep and my back hurts, wtf is wrong with my life?
Lol.
Just made a sandwich with what I thought was fake veggie turkey but what was actually uncooked wonton wrappers.
It tasted about the same.
Twitbird is acting up.
I need a better twitter app
If your a Gamer click on the Evil Controller Ad at the bottom of the page.
They have some kick ass controllers/ http:www.myhelpfullinks.info
2012 film watching!
33.
The Toolbox Murders.
Very rediculous horror film.
It made me laugh quite a bit.
Month of Mayhem
askvinny WILL YOU LET ME BUY YOU A PET KANGAROO?
see why happens when you graduate!
I told you not to do it!
Happy birthday to my idol my wish is to do a song with you.
Do you mean, doctorving immediately after a pin  skip?
I love the decoy motion idea  keeps the D honest.
congrats girl :
Good stuff!
RT gearing up for first day of work on happilydivorced  looking forward, should be fun!
Happy Labor Day to all.
Special THANKS to all those in the labor movement who help make our society  movement what they are today
Walking on the beach
Thanks!
Def want a bike but waiting until the good deals some around.
Wish you still had your tent sales in ROC well Macedon.
Wait, isn't that a tshirt at U of C?
Happy August Hoyas!
We'll be holding fall auditions in early September so keep a look out for dates to come!
/yd
Your feedback is great, and we are working hard on getting our next issue retina ready.
we hope you enjoy Installation Mag
just landed!!!
Can't wait to see you tomorrow 2nd period!
they will praise you only if you turn the dead kittens into a high fashion doctorss afterwards and wear it to an awards show.
I understand that the 155 class is the most hungry and promising but peeps seem ready to throw you back in asap!
supchamp?
JayZ's Life  Times Site: 10 Ways To Make It More HOV
One long month.
If not more
2013 6'3 Post, Emily Gustafson is done for the year w/a torn ACL.
She was progressing very well, hate 2 c a kid get hurt like that!
Good day tweets!
Hope everyone is doing good!
Our CO.
needs serious investors or people who know investors..2,750,000 in commission to be shared.
Hi HT Cute ktty Bst 2 u FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
We will be holding an information session at Trinity Washington University this Thursday at 12 pm.
Email to learn more!
i think we have ourselves a deal then
When I'm writing, I know I'm doing the thing I was born to do.
Anne Sexton
Girls you need to pierce your ears once and stretch them and not pierce each ear like 8 times.
Hey!; Thanks for the follow!
weak!!!
You better believe it.
Bout to be rich up in here!
Lolol
Refs continue to hate caps
Artograph is sponsoring the 17th Annual CrayPas Wonderful, Colorful World Contest.
www.sakuraofamerica.com/CraypasArtContest
Sending Valentine love to all of you from Safe  Sound!
Wow you are stunning.
I see why told the twitterverse to ask you out.
better bring your pbone...
Limbaugh's rightshould see people on medications using them.
Watching a bloated man spin out of control on pain killers is gr8
That awkward moment when a hot couple has the ugliest kids..
Your mind is much more powerful than anyone's opinion.
Be true to yourself....
Day is cloudy..
: Thanks...for asking
I LOVE NEW YORK CITY BUT ITS COLD!!!
Send me link so I can check yall out bra bra.
y'all str8 stupid
Yes I do, I make videos every once in awhile to perfect my voice  i upload them
You know it.
Looking forward to my presentation today with www.guardmyhealth.com  all about social media
It was perfect weather, perfect setting.
We had a blast!
The purpose of life is a life of purpose!
But they're playing of Montreal so I'm gonna stay
ICE THE GAME!
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
Yo mama's so stupid she can't pass a blood test.
joy of discovering a new technique to recover swallowing muscles in chronic neurlogical conditions.
DontBother when I'm sleeping.
If you do, it's no my fault when you get hurt or stop breathing.
Yes, UTD!
I was in your Intro to Film a few years ago; my focus was Holocaust.
Well, still is.
unreal.
i cant even walk around.
but i might get the bike out to the grocery store later.
should be interesting
Freelance writing for tonight.
Veronica's Peoples Club in Greenpoint.
Woo hoo!
looks like its gonna be surgery
What you are aware of you are in control of; what you are not aware of is in control of you Anthony de Mello: Was a priest, spirituality
Life is too short to wake up with regrets.
So love the people who treat you right  stop stressing about the ones who don't.
exactly a year since graduation...
Owe, dat workout felt good to me!
showerflow bbl
Thanks!
same here
RT : Please show Tannehill's wife.....please show Tannehill's wife......SAY PRETTY PLEASE!!!!
: If you doctornk enough, your brain starts photoshopping people.
Yeah, I know, did you read the garbage they said in the article?
They are just pure filth.
PLEASE FOLLOW MEE
so oh well
If you SEM campaign is larger than 20 or your total marketing budget, you have never experienced the benefits of a successful SEO results.
Great work  10th year as anchor team.
Past WISE Woman of the Year award winner!
nah son
massagers!
Get it right.
www.platinumposts.com Get News About your favorite Music artists and tv stars REMEMBER WHERE YOU HEARD IT FIRST www.platinumposts.com
why have I not seen you guys?
Im here!
The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions.
Oliver Wendell Holmes
word?
let me know the next time ya'll do that.
i'll be there.
RT My thoughts and prayers go out to all of the victims in the Sandusky case.
When will I get to see him 
why if a Asian came up with the idea ?!
4 real what dey called?
R THEY ABOUT MB?CANT WAIT TO SEENARLII!
Georgetown advances in the NAIA playoffs after a 217 win over visiting Benedictine College.
I pulled out the manischewitz and I'm ready to go!
It honestly hurts every time I see DeMarco Murray's name.
Oh what could have been.
,..
this guys is straight tweeting real ass shit.
Dayummmn the NBA made some moves today
The Tarlton essay has taken on the tone of a manifesto.
Didn't expect that.
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
Like the song!
Come to this house!
Thanks for offers.
Heard from one of my readers who may do the work.
Will keep you in mind!
Guterman: We are good as a society at reacting to problems.
We need to be proactive, strategize early.
Reading 'let my people go surfing' by Yvon Chouinard of Now I know why I want to start a business...
Anyone good with CSS?
I'm having positioning problems on a vertical navigation menu.
:
this is rigged ;
can i get some chips with that salsa?
nice catch
Thank you.
For some reason the map isn't displaying.
: /
Dear saints run the ball
happy birthday!
It's just freaky outside right now.
They have transitioned so beautifully as a band.
Every song so far has somehow personally touched me.
What an lol end to day 1, we are all told we are to be dealt 1 hand, I get aa in the bb and the sb thinks it will be cute to...
Cross: I think the way you're describing crowding out is really effective.
Do you see way to offer DC to current employees as well?
CFO: No.
Jobs in the housing market: no job training, immediate employment now, reduce foreclosure rate, retain or increase value in existing homes

BORED....
In dha bed just txtinq away.!!
Thinking about your after cam2012 plans?
Join us for happy hour at jupiter in dwnt berkeley from 6:308!
i'm looking 4 new workplaces that wnt free health information.
I give a gr8 presentation called your mother was rt, sit up str8!
me too but mine respinds
RT : Zoning Commission: Student testimony was very helpful at GUCampusPlan hearing.
And then the dog ate the Grinch!
Things are looking UP!
Impress Mom this MothersDay with delicious homemadesalsa!
It only takes 30 seconds to prepare, but well keep that secret between us!
beauty is not only skindeep,inlove wth your mind
as if he will get preselected.
He is trying to pave the way for his son to run...
happy mother's day to all the outstanding  nonoutstanding moms across the world...
Need to transcribe a 45minute interview and whittle it down to a 10minute story.
Before tomorrow.
ALO  Man Of The World  10:21 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
If you want to smell like a Mexican roadhouse after lunch, then by all means knock yourself out.
M El Burrito best Mexican food place EVER!!!
Bout to k.o I got sold out
someoneiwanttomeet my inpsiration, he's my everything,  i would do ANYTHING to meet him.
3
LOL what did I do now?!
My headache disappeared after getting caffeine in my system.
Mom thinks it was a sinus headache.
I'm just glad the headache is gone!
Hillary Clinton to Congress: He's a very smart man but he is unfortunately not bound by the laws and regulations any longer of the US...
Thanks for blogging about the first !
Love to give you two free tickets to the next event!
Freddie the Shark is at it again  new on my writing prompt blog today.
Come write with me : www.writeawayeveryday.blogspot.com
no problem
is singing at the historic Allerton hotel TONIGHT 711pm with a BURNING trio.Free admission, validated parking...doctornk, eat  applaud.
xoxo
Yeah buddy RT Done.
With.
Law School.
I was gunna doctorp 20 fbombs in my status on fb but I forgot both of my younger siblings added me.
Fuckkkkkkkkk.
oh, and none of my shifts I registered for are showing up.
Bored as hell
Hittin' the bricks for the first time since my little dizzy spell.
Nice and easy...
Wish me luck!
I'm among the last few, holding down the fort  not switching to the Facebook timeline until the absolute last moment.
Mahomie?
yes she is so follow her
Really yummy post work out super smoothie: frozen banana, cup of blueberries, cup of fresh orange juice and 3 kale leaves.
Welcome to the Great Northwest!
Isn't it beautiful here?
WHERE U LIVE AT
Starting the summer internship search!
QUALIFIED  motivated applicants please email
Glad to hear is back in the Brewers system.
RT: Gr8 leaders ENGAGE those they lead and serve.
Theres much to be learned from those around you!
Do you lead by engaging others?
Good day, except the rain...
For sure just email it to me when youre done!
Woot woot Capitals win!
What an exciting and awesome finish!
:
Great job Nina!
She rocked the interview.
Jumped in the pool without checking the water.
I think my manhood disappeared for a moment
Halloweentown is on.
Throwback!
what's that...?
I feel stupid for asking....
Suggestions for !
best practices database, more access to what's happening around world, addoctorss inclusion vs.
exclusion
Good stuff!
lol they don't want it bruh!!
Thanks bud, lemme know if you find my keys.
thanks.
Where were the donuts????
Lmao.
no before you enter anything.
Tomorrow is the day and have been planning for since January.
getstocked!!
I understand.
Try to get some rest.
RT : Someone asked about making sushi.
I highly recommend the Teach Me Sushi app.
Sushi howto videos.
Can you give a S/O to my 5yr old son named Alex?
Hes a big fan of UK.
My cuz is Coach Dustin Smith.
Thanks!!
BBN
AH DOING SUMMER SOFTBALL!!!
I don't give a crap what my doctorsays about my shoulder, I wanna swing a bat again
Gonna pray long and hard because this is a huge decision, but I think I know what I wanna do with my life
last night was another Hall of Fame performance by our guy Chipper!!!!
similarities between Romney and Pres Obama in a few words
BICSI Fall Conference just started!
You MUST make the choco cups  take pix  one for you  one for tochter!
:

you won't be saying that when you see my new pic at 2,000 followers.
lol I heard a kid telling an other kid about his mom lol it was so funny
Of course I will!
A flight for you, your brother, and mom?
good point.
why doesn't it now?
whats the team you are watching
The trouble with holiday deadlines.
Oh so sad.
Hi Amber!
I saw you, too.
Everything is good, but still job hunting.
Hope you're well.
it's not that bad on my 60d
tweeting in class?
Let's please God with what we say  do.
We make it our goal to please him, whether we are at home in the body or away from it.2 Cor 5:9
3WordsForYou I Still Care.
Warren Buffet is so minimalist  truly ahead of his time!
was it fun?
yeah baby !
Im back !:D lol ne ways please help me get some true psanderette followers : :
Twitter would be my choice, followed by Facebook and Google Plus.
Twitter provides best engagement w/least time/effort needed.
we can xchange that way!!
Friday May 13th will be your lucky night.
follow us for the High Tech High art exhibit of The Body.
locked in the bathroom
I have no more energy to give a shit.
RT Sometimes God pushes us to our limits.
It's because he has greater faith in us than we have in ourselves..
DUNK AND FOUL!
GAME TOED AGAIN AND THUNDER COULD TAKE LEAD!!
In any given moment, do I choose to strengthen the delusion of separation or the truth of connection?Sharon Salzberg
About to pass out after running home for MOTD.
My fitness is so flipping crap
Thank you for being hilarious  entertaining!
Cant please them all
Oh what a beautiful morning.
Oh what a beautiful day!
If this is what they call winter, I'll take it come what may!
Cold is coming!
So what!
this isn't new!
We've been talking about this since my child was in school
Word on the street is that Metta Ron World Artest Peace just got sponsored by Krafts Elbow Macaroni lol
I just saw a black guy in panera
Fck!
That's what I forgot to do!
Brit, I'm back!
Its official my flight is booked.
Austin here I come!
: U have started a movement!
TammiThatHoe we fixing the world one slap at a time!
Lmao!
I'm lovin it!!
LMBO
ill text you.
You're not going to put that comment up so we can all troll him?
Wait, that's such a guy solution.
That's good to hear.
Just waiting in 2 more months to go to a Dodger games.
is whatever about everything right now
What topic might motivate you to write 250 words for your colleagues on the GSA website?
I just completed a 1.33 mi bike ride in 27:05 using Check out my route in Oklahoma City!
soc.li/UUDcaNR
We're sharing your joy in this!
Hope all is well!
RT What a gorgeous fall day!
Once they start getting to you, they always will.
Nov.
12, 2009  WWC annual auction fundoctoriser.
We're looking for someone willing to donate a kayak  new or used!
Suggestions?
Please RT!
you got these dudes wasting their time doctorving to GB?
LMAO
Listening to Ruth Clark  managing mental load; focusing on text and visuals in learning.
Today doesn't have the feel of a Thursday.
Feels more like a Monday or Tuesday.
I want some Supra Boots
Amen RT : doctorpping all channels except because I hate being forced to watch videos.
Did u fire all yr writers?
Better Consciousness tip: People who are achieving better results than you are, will assist you to see things you normally wouldn't see
This waking up early shit is getting old!
So tired after a busy day of a party, shopping and pet supply store fun.
Well today was a big success!!
We start another kitchen remodel project w/ the proposed Silestone Koan.
Full of Rich Color Excited!!!!
30 OFF OF CLASSES WITH A FREE 18 FOUNDATION PALLET AND 8 PIECE BLUSH SET!
PLEASE CONTACT THE STUDIO AT 2484775548
how are your farts smelling this morning?
Dude I am a big Rangers fan.
If the only prayer you ever said in your whole life was 'thank you,' that would suffice.
Meister Eckhart Happy Thanksgiving!
Kate
If you're at ALA Midwinter stop by the LexisNexis booth 2329 and check out LexisNexis Academic  LexisNexis Library Express.
What can I say  photog rules!
Have to admit I appreciate effort that went into troubleshooting interface.
It's very friendly.
Just suggested coffee.
I Play By My Own Game  Play Off Yo Game
I literally want to post a picture every 5 seconds.
Schweet!
thanks for the follow.
what would you do if you were Selena gomez for a day?
Lou  look at myself naked HAHAH
Congrats to everyone getting iPad2 tomorrow!
Finally!
RT : Cecil Shorts logs his first NFL catch.
Congrats and good luck!
I love Evelyn.
Leonardo, Donatello, Michaelangelo and...
one more...
I know it!!!
But I always forget the other damn ninja turtle
Latte time!
BKL
Then, sign the executive order!
I still believe in you,  Im asking you to keep believing in me.'
I just wanna be rich and famous already!
But whenever Monday comes, but whenever Monday comes, you can find me cryin' all of the time.
Hey Lauren, really cute background image!
Make sure that you check out our newly sponsored show, Comedy Gumbeaux, Life Happens, today on WGSO AM 990 from 34PM!
I'll help!
Thank You Joan 
i have so many ideas for these shirts i wanna make....
i just can't decide which idea to actually do.
Let's hope tonight is as good as last night!
Thanks so much.
The SWF download worked great and it showed up in Prezi...
you guys rock!
needs to answer his damn phone
Don say all that bullshit to me if u didnt mean it
Feels so good!
hm, the WilliamStill doc on PBS is done ala reenactors and 1st person diary excerpts...
b/c you love it and you're good at it!
How are you feeling?
HHB 427, fourth floor.
Left out of elevator, straight down hall, door on left past the sociology department.
we'll have to make a stop up there when you come back
it's gonna be a scorcher today!
Damn brewers need the win tonight!!
B.
Griffin is getting killed right now.
He has to use some of that athleticism on the defensive end of the court.
I am very outgoing!
At least you get more time with your family.
Go Lakers!
RT : Come join me at the this Wed to watch the Lakers take on the Clippers.
Party starts  7pm!
Follow if he get to 200 followers he will pick the first 10 people before the 201 follower He has 197 right now need couple more
German Shepherd Male Plush Coat turning two  Central Illinois ...
all good, can't wait to see what ya'll deliver next..
that sodalite bracelet is nice
new follower in Brasil helloglobalization wish i could read in your language too...
awww : Thanks, Liam!
That was so thoughtful!
I know you probably won't see this but I thought I'd thank you anyway :
Embrace who you are, there is no else as unique as you k.
Need to make mac  cheese during intermission.
What a wonderful compliment  Jerrejeff!
I hope you enjoy the rest of what's to come.
:
Watching Mary Mary with Viggle Thu  21  WE Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Looks like a number of the schools in the teacher cuts database also had doctormatic enrollment doctorps
RT : Make sure your professorle picture is colorful  professorssional.
it's kinda side that places do
Love me now, love me never, but if you love me, love me forever.
Trying to figure out this twitter thing, BACK in ACTION!
Representing AFRICA always!
STAY TUNED!
bitches love my new haircut
which one shpulf i get Iphone 4 or Samsung Galaxy sII skyrocket ?
Dark After Thoughts: Sinister, Sultry and Sophisticated only on ParaRock TV www.pararocktv.com Mondays at 10p.m est.
Tennis, check.
fix, next.
Cut grass, Hoyt Park pool on the radar.
Love waking up and knowin owes me 20 :
great minds think alike :
Win Bonnaroo tickets by helping hungry pets
FF ::: GOOD FRIEND ALERT!!!!
looking at mirrors in bathroom like holy shit am I getting thinner ?
I'm to0 handsome to die!
No!
Distinction b/n technology and offline cultures is also problematic in most pieces on social media.
haha!
also thought boyfriend was on left.
Next time...
where's the preakness party?
Nice little rally by the to close the first quarter.
I'm cranky....but I know it could be worse.
It could be raining.
Or Monday.
No kidding.
: I hope people proceed with caution here and don't jump to conclusions until everything comes out.
i was gonna say hi but i thought it would be awkward....
lol
Pair you dinner with a wonderful micro brew or wine and enjoy!
Artificial insemination is when the farmer does it to the cow instead of the bull.
slept for 14 hours.
I must have been really tired
Thanks Btw, thoughts on Jermaine Paul winning The Voice?
lol
big night for !
1st place, website, president of the year for
Why did I go out with a wifebeater?
Because I'm Dominican and I don't give a fuck.
:
Need to get more arts folks into DH.
Post docs aren't available to architects/artists
It's Impossible to wait so long for someone when you know your mind is made up and their isn't.
dm d you
Am so glad it stop raining...Boy i was getting
I haven't been to Bilbao yet.
Tried last yr.
Couldn't get a hotel.
I ended up in Valencia.
New TRAEX Safety Mate colored foodsafety products in stock, including quick chill wands, colered bus tubs, and ice totes.
You got it you funny, crazy group of geniuses
RIP Steve Jobs.
Yep, those are shades.
Such a creative photographer you are!
;
Don't worry, I try to tweet more than once a year.
lazy day..
Yes!
I love SF.
Was just thinking that I'd love to come out here or somewhere in Cali and teach again soon.
of wisdom.
You're good at saying the right thing at the right time.
Happy Friday!
allergic reaction to my tanning lotion
Finishin my project on : presenting/singin tomorrow hyped!
Congratulations new members!
Wow.
Really.
My mom made 3 cinnamon rolls and I go to eat one and my brother and sister decided to split it so they could have 1 1/2
No  what I do now is what you do, blow out the eggs.
Not enough room in the tweet!
Avoiding social networks for the next couple hours.
Fuck your annoying sports updates.
All of you.
I hate when ppl tell me what to do like I'm 10 yrs old
You know MadMen has reached mainstream when tweets about every episode:How BACK is this Mad Men!!
Brilliant!!
What is YOUR favorite New Mexican dish?
Do you like burritos?
Rellenos?
Let us know!
We'd love to hear from you La Salita Nation!
HII!!
I JUST PREORDERED THE 1D MOVIE AND BOOK  I also got a teeshirt.
Less than 30 minutes!
Ha!
OMFG IM SO EXCITED!!
I know im gonna cryy Lol
is the vet open now?
no no i think you lie ; but its nice lies that i could get used to ; hehe
thanks for telling me!!!
Congrats!
I TOLD YOU!!
This 3 hour Raw got me twitter jailed :/
yes, yes, yes!
It's a Bloody Wrap!
when I cross the Mississippi River I expect to be in a different state, not here tho...
too many years living in La Crosse I guess
Bumpin Mozart Requiem
Why can't Apple come up with an update that doesn't lead to another update.
Install 5, then install 7  on a machine that was up
scrum Are you doing 2 wk sprints on both web and shrink development?
I think you and I may have different definitions of balanced.
Agree to disagree until June 5th!
:
Composers of New Music: are your typically registering your works with BMI or ASCAP?
Need to decide which license to get.
Cant afford both.
Stay To Myself, Sometimes I'm Hella Lonely!
To borrow a line from Dune, range anxiety is the mind killer.
The more I learn  pro and con  about EVs, the more I want one.
Thank you for the RT and all you do for the glutenfree community!
The videos with doctor G are the best!
These morning classes are killing me.
I never said most of the things I said.
don't underestimate the damage that high gas prices inflict on the economy .
stop speculation on gas prices now !!!
With the embarrassingly abundant pockets on these cargo pants you can contain multitudes, yet impress no one.
i hate being sick during the summer :
Just made the smartest decision ever after bikramyoga:
Thankful Thursday: What are you thankful for?
Q for cpyright session: in VoiceThread animoto, should the images all be CC or public domain w/attribution?
i think so, but never see...
How to brand yourself?
through your music, the way you deliver your music, and the way that you interact with your fans
jeez i forgot my yahoo messager password UGGGG!!!!
i had to reset a new one god!
Check out the Wish Upon A Car Event on May 5th via
I tried My Best But it Wasnt Enough
youkelsey don't need to worry,you are a legend also haha3
threewordsformyex I miss you
Jennifer Love Hewitt is still ridiculously hot
Rollin' around Tempe listening to NEMOMC!!!!!
We'll be singing in the rain today at SummerJam2011 in Waterworks Park!
where are you now
I'm glad you noticed that the menu was a sentence!
We kinda slipped that in for the fun of it!
:
i know it is i was just messin around like i always do u knw me
Our office will be closed until 930am this morning for an AllStaff meeting.
Swing by after 930am and we'll be happy to help you.
Welp, there goes my Monday.
All day editing session with a Knicks fan Aka
Congrats!
RT : Just signed an agreement to become a Contributor for This is going to be fun
agreed 100.
Hard 2 believe such the gr8 business has made it so difficult 4 normal ppl.
Excited about shifting it.
Yes, it was quite good.
I may add a section to in the future on generating Java types.
yarr, gonna do my best.
Got a crazy Saturday as it is.
But I think Thomas should see Lana Del Rey!
Omit needless words!
Don't overload your writing with unnecessary words.
Say it simply.
Your reader will be grateful.
Just got home from my 5th grader's game.
He handled the same baserunning situation a lot better than Plouffe.
ask him if he thinks horses should wear a top hat.
My brother's little boyfriend is over again lololol
we look retarded?
For the past 90 min watched my WWF dev team debug game code .
They know how complicated the project is yet they never give up.
Tacos truck at Eat the street were so good!!
CA mexi food snob and I was impressed!!
unfortunately the card is just for stills and I don't have another device that can read mini hdv
360 Signs is also an active member of a HubSpot User Group with other Signworld members
it's a compliment
That's the perfect mall for an OJ!
some1 help me..!!!
have new song????
plz tell me
Looking for all types of individuals that have a mortgage industry background
I've got so many things to do within the next two weeks.
My sister is gonna be famous and when that happens she is gonna take me or to party w Justin bieber
It was a pleasure meeting you at the Tweet Up.
There's a lot of chatter....no not cheddar....is there cheddar ?
I feel sick and I have a headache.
Ugh.
Now we're going to turn to discussing Afghanistan and also
When someone has a spelling error in their bio.
that's right my love, we sure are the lucky ones this time :

1963 Elvis was at No.1 in U.K.
with You're the Devil in Disguise his 14th No.1 in the U.K.
Although he never played any concerts there 
is that the famous person you were telling me about in german?!
Me and my mom hiding from the Jehovah's witnesses  lol
Entitlement: you are entitled to receive nothing in life but what you give, delusions of piety do no good
lol Don't give up hope just yet.
You could always watch older episodes...
Maybe a Seddie marathon??
:P
LMFAO I KNOW I LOOKED BACK AND WAS LIKE UHM OKAY LIVING IN THE PAST
I look up to all my friends in uplifting and positive relationships...Gives me alot to look forward to...
awesome!
Stay tuned for ticket giveaways and like us on facebook if you already don't :
Wow, Tim Howard now has 59 caps?
That's amazing with as many games as Brad Freidal and Kasey Keller played.
Going to bed..sweetdoctoramsy'all
Buck Franklin lecture featuring doctor Jennifer Eberhardt starts at 6 p.m.
Join us in the Price  Turpen Courtroom.
I can't imagine where I'd be if you had never rescued me
I got your cupcakes.
:
Did anyone lose blue hydoctor fins at SMC Saturday 7am?
no more Austream with the guys...
Did you know if you flick your nip, 10 seconds later it gets hard.
I believe that when you work on yourself, you are attracted by different, more positive beings.
Finally able to see our boyz :'
Hi  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
LOVE Denver!
/// Y'all think they're gonna score 100 by the end of 3rd quarter?
How about Nicole Atkins presents the turn of the new
ff video friends

Hey!
Sounds good : Also interested in learning more bout ur development projects 
I think you might be disappointed.
RT :
Back and triceps to some Tool...ChYeah

I feel like I've just been taxidermed  hahahahaha
JPM's market cap goes DN 9 to 141B.
So mkt's punishment was worse than the reported trading loss.
Where do JPM shares go from here?
Yay!
Officially started with my Christmas shopping :
SISTA!
HEY LIL PUDDING LOL
tks good call!
Just Wanna Play LIVE  MS Grill in Reston, VA, January 8th!
I think the itsy bitsy spiders from today would have been better off washed down the water spout.
Instead they are now smushed.
I know!
haha, i really hope he sees it.
:
Same here I really need to snowboard
So Bored in woman terms means So Lonely
Real classy move by Artest elbowing a guy in the back of the head.
And really classy LA fans cheering him ....
Disgusting on both ends.
guys, it's always too nice out to go to class...
even if it's pouring rain and freezing out.
I WANT that DVD because it's that ONE THING I'll stay UP ALL NIGGT to watch.
I don't want anything MORE THAN THIS.
Summer needs to hurry up  get here already !
Or a leather vest and sing Forever.whatever blows your skirt up
I'm at the UW Center for Teaching  Learning poster session, WalkerAmes rm, Kane Hall.
Come learn abt Critical Classrooms endorsement!
and his many faces3
omg .
I checked my mentions and interactions and it said Austin mahone is following you and I got all excited ..
Thomson: Gov said partisan bias was justified for the low deviations.
There is nothing in record that compelled them to do it.
RT : If you want the same, do the same.
life goes on .
.
So light another blunt and watch the time go by :
Had a great time at the GREEN FORUM, The Oh Group team thought they put on an informative program.
what u got up for the day
I'm so jealous!
I love Charleston.
I go there every spring break.
Your curiosity of learning is directly proportional to the knowledge you acquire.
So be curious and learn more.
art store boys' booties...
what does the GOP need to know about that?
I just kidding I don't want you to
Last night when yelled You Fucking Nigger!
super loud in MG..
lmao
i asked my mommy about tomarrow.
so like...
text me.
k?
k.
;
thanks for sharing, I hope to be both a viewer and contributer of your FB page.
This is a great service that you provide.
Oh for heaven's sake  do those ridiculous little text ads that pop up in youtube videos make anyone any fucking money?!
I need a new book to read too.
Tell me!!!
If you don't like me, someone else will.
If you're not missing me, someone else is.
If you don't love me, someone else does.
Heading to Ripley's BelieveitorNot museum!!
:D
you are my FAV people EVER!
Now I know who's behind these Yay's!
Paradise Misfiled
I am High!!
lol
Thank you, Jorge, for all you have given us.
It's been a heartfelt pleasure sharing the last 17 years with you.
We will miss you.
gonna pick Kirk Cousins?
Movie recommendation is Sidney Poiter in Guess Who's Coming To Dinner
RT : You have to do what others won't to achieve what others don't.
SPACE tour sunday with and :D JMOMS crew is so close to completed!
D:
my husband has 8 lbs of pork shoulder in the smoker  rarely seen him this happy
I've been so busy the last 3 weeks I just realized NBA playoffs are starting.
Should I be worried the Lakers got the Nuggets first round?
ain't much bro, out here in LA.
Where you playing at now?
Don't forget  American Experience is running a new program on the Underground Railroad Monday February 6.
Passed a sign that says donate your boat to charity.
what the heck is a homeless person going to do with a boat.
Headed to my old stomping grounds, Sumner HS today, to watch SPSL Sub district Track  Field.
Gonna watch future TBird, Cory Brandt!
I used to think that at one point :D
9.1 seconds away from brackets victory!
and are taking advantage of a fun girls night out happy hour with Who else is going to join us?
Going to check out 's TED talk now.
Thanks.
There was a severe lack of shirtless super heroes in the Avengers.
I agree.
Gonna need a biggirldoctornk tonight!
You're fucking kidding me.
what the fuck.
Thanks!
Very appreciated.
congrats on the title change!
It fits you well.
Thanks for the note!
I did followback!!
: :
its almost my birthday : its on wednesday it would mean alot to have a tweet from you
I do want to add that for the half second I was on screen, I nailed it.
Stole the scene from Woody Harrelson.

SLE adds contrib details.
You just tell us what info to make public if any  u can donate as many copies as you want!
S
Perhaps you need to learn how to write portable tweets ; .
My parents laugh at me too.
I can't find your number, txt me plz.
Striphas is a good idea.
I'm also considering a wider discussion with Carr's The Shallows and a short article on ebooks.
If you love me won't you leave me cuz I want to settle down.
it is Sunday, the day of rest.
give your brain a break

ouch.
Clubhouse must've been dead silent.
Oh party party ; Sounds exciting.!
I'm warming up my vocal chords.
hahah
KEEP MY MUTHA FUCKIN MOMMA NAME OUT UR DAMN MOUTH U DNE KROSSED THE LINE !!!!
until that number gets you thrown in jai :
Fuck them haters mane I don't even see em...
Seriously.
That is ridiculous!
just booked MCPL aud.
for Mar.13!
Site coordinator for Haiti Foundation Against Poverty will share her experiences since the EQ.
Case study in action RT : RT : Example of SocialMedia Crisis Comm Mgt live.
Check out 's  Tweet Stream
Thanks for the follow!
Love the collegiate natural hair group movement on your website.
Updating our facebook, artslant, blog, etc to add new artservicesguild member David Adler to professorles...
Quick fast in a hurry, squat bounce doctorp, dirty.
haha.
I was thinking the same thing.
Trading clerk in KS!?!
Try the Chopped Cobb Salad : Romaine, Turkey, Gorgonzola, Avocado, Tomatoes, Cucumber, Bacon, Paris doctorssing
tweet us if you have any questions about our services/products  we love helping people Feel Good!
your welcome : that's what I do ;
lmfaooo she sed ha breath stink
which one?!
Lol
Aww, EA Mobile: they care about needy kids but not their own employees!
And I didn't think it could get any better!
I'm baffled she is so clueless!
LOL!
If you are an in Birmingham and want to see and learn about some interesting ascepts of the civil rights movement, then check out BCRI,...
I'm sick of every other night and every other fight.
RT : When someone you thought was a good friend, deletes you on Facebook FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
LibX rollout FTW!
We have to investigate some of those gadgets we saw yesterday, too.
Regardless of Noel or Muhammed UK is still a top 10 team.
Don't stress.
Every saint has a past and every sinner has a future
I miss BBRP!
I support policies that allow us to identify those students who cannot read professorciently and that require us to help them.
RT : Thanks!
That Art Deco list was one of my absolute faves in the gift guide ;...
Yeah!
Congrats!
Taking the metro!
RT : you're just excited that you met someone else who has a zune player...lol /// truth.
I hate how my eyes are so itchy right now and they sting!!
.
Heading to Hopkinton to get my packet for the Title 9.
Wanna dance and get acquainted with ye ole dubstep tonight?
Then shuffle down to Turner Hall for Zeds Dead.
Go for it!
When im stuck in a situation I just stop wherever I am and just think
Bucks.
Larry sanders.
Embarrassing.
RIP 2012 Campaign.
Txt to Baby Mom...Happy Mommy dayside note..
I should of used a condom
nothing cloud
thank you so much for supporting our rather ambitious project.
please share with your art savvy peers.
It's probably not 'product' friendly.
As a man, just be happy you have hair...
That shit done ran out an hour ago..
Josh Horton will add depth to 3rd base.
Just wait and see.
People is so fuckin ungrateful.....they always want u to help them, but when u can't doing its a fuckin problem.
HE DID NOT JUST WINK!!
HE JUST WINKED!!
3
Look at him.
Look at his collar bone.
OMG A if only I could see your abs...
Honestly, I wish I could come up with something eloquent or poetic to say about Adam Yauch.
He was great.
He was really great.
My cuzzo is prego  still says she has Boy problems  I wanna slap her lil Puerto Rican ass...
Anyone brave enough to venture outside during this Phase 3 blizzard?
What places are serving food and doctornk?
Due to customer demand we are adding a Double Chocolate Coconut Cupcake to the menu come January 2012.
hi!
Thanks for following :
speaking of weddings....you comin?
Spring is right around the corner, schedule your Spring AC Tune up now so you'll stay cool when it heats up!
9193250180
a teacher I worked with used: I would tell you to shut up, but I'm not allowed to use those words.
COMING TO BROADWAY BAR ?
BROADWAY EXIT IS CLOSED , GET OFF ON AIRPORT IF COMING EAST OR NACO IF YOUR COMING WEST AND STAY ON ACCESS ROAD
I want to shopping but Im sure everything I would want is gone already.
At planning an program on Business and Jobs  Career resources with
Made my Wendy's stop, now I can officially get my day started :
Everything is a work in progress.
Oh.
Now I get Ike and Tina's tune.
RT : PROUD.
Desirous of copulation.
A proud bitch; a bitch at heat, or desirous of a dog.
are the lotus engines just junk or what?
In other words, does have any shot at a pole repeat at Indy?
Hi Heather, reached out the day your account was hacked.
Like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist your brand.
DM?
even if you can't mention certain customers, you can, and should, talk about what you know!
AMAs were cool!
congrats really glad 4u: fav performance 4 tearing up the floor  singin live:  of course LoL
Not trying to be rude, but your dick gets less action then a white crayon.
Been waiting 4 a long time now to get noticed by but its still not happened..austin pleasee notice me I still believe u will
Headed down to practice, Go Birds!!
Good for you!
FAVORITE SONG BY THE CURE?....GO!
;
lmao rubbing alcohol chased by tobasco sauce
we haven't used twitter too much..but thank you soo much for the encouragement!we really appreciate it3
: Anybody Biking to Work this week?
BikeWeek..
go green, get fit!
gotta pump up those tires!
Hey guys please follow me and ill follow you back 3 :
Lmao this folks on here goin in on doctorke ass
What...I need to back up my fb..have to find out how.
My Camera died before I could get pics of TFK..
but I love how they made time to mingle.
Love you guys!!!
Why did Kurt go to prom doctorssed as Slash?
It's a Beatles reference!
I buried
My landlords cousin/brother/friend shattered our shower this morning.
Awesome.
Oak Park early afternoon.
DM me if you're around.
Watching toy story 2
how are you doing?
:
tell you team mates that this is our year for the super bowl and winning the game is the cowboys way.
No more penalties let them

Agreed!
News is no longer an informational or educational vehicle but sensational.
Maybe even a tool to manipulate.
you're crazy...can't believe you put that  out..lol

living the doctoram.
Tue 9/13 Mark Towns bass w John Cain piano, vocal, harmonica at Eddie V's La Jolla
But I prefer to scream about ice cream, figuratively.
This has been my summer of ice cream.
Unfortunately this workshop is way too science related so the fashionfail is not the only fail today.
Sign up for the The Capital City Half Marathon and use the code: CMAG11 to receive a 5.00 discount.
Good luck with training!
happy bday : may your wishes come true
apple loewes takeover valid?
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists and musicians?
Get a hold of us!
The happiest day of my life was when I asked my fianc to marry me.
: 3 XOXOXOXO cc:
Whelp, at least I know that stress has one positive quality: weight loss.
Not hatched?
haha Couldn't resist.
:
Tomorrow I won't be talking much.
If I don't say hello, just know its because of the DayofSilence 3
When Miranda  Afton aren't working, Meander's Cafe goes from being the city's best to just another aboveaverage diner with a toolong wait
SPIRIT, IT LIFTS HUMANITY UP.
WE NEED MORE SPIKE LEES.
AND FEWER HORROR FILMS.
THEY ARE CHANNELING DEMONS TO MAKE THESE FILMS.
ANTHONY
Hell yea!
SMH!
RT : Memphis need to be fuckin ashamed of themselves
I'm down.
RT : I think we should just ignore everyone.
steeple update!!!!
Please!!
it's a sandwich with a waffle bun on top and on the bottom and a waffle in the middle as the meat, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles etc.
eugene
The hardest goodbye I've ever had to make, but the one that will be the most worth it in the end.
Ready for part 2.......The atmosphere is charged for God to have His way!
R u ready???
I am......
It is!
HATE IT!!!
Sadly, I have to deal with that or other variations of pigishness on a daily basis at work.
I got all excited to see Oh Carolina trending...
then I realized nobody is talking about Count Ossie or the Folkes Brothers.
I was thnkng.
What if I do bake sale in front of APPL store to raise  for my Apple Fund.
Consider it nonprofessort.
Stay Thirsty my Friends..never settle for anything!
On my motivational tip this morning!
doctorams into Reality
Clear and present danger
I usually do plain lime, but that sounds awesome!
what does nf stand for?
If anyone is already on board to start UltimateReset and is looking for a support group, we have one started on FB!
DM me for details
Hhahah  Oh that was perfect!!!!
Luck of the Irish to all you celebrating today
it would be awesome if I could claim either.
My participant got the its time call midinterview.
I taught in Cambodia, and Thailand.
Teaching was terrific.
Where did you teach?
EFL ,
Just updated my band Nigh School's blog.
Check it out.
www.nightschooled.blogspot.com
Thanks for the mention!
:
: thank you for bringing us together.
AKA a recipe for disaster :D hahah hell ya!!!!
Evil genius PR consultant would rebrand lobbying as civic duty  corruption would continue apace...
I couldn't sleep until midnight.
I planned to sleep in until 7, but woke up at 6...
It is kinda funny when you are at a store and they ask you are you finding everything okay?
and when you say hi...
actually no, I ne ...
Just got done picking out outfits/ styling for my photo shoot  interview tomorrow with Austin Fusion Magazine.
Who Want It?
I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off.
Disappointed with how the bulls as a team are playing
What's with the sound on WOI?
Tryin' to hear the Cyclones!
Hacked by haha love u lots julz!
grace
Congratulations to the Alpha Delta Pledge Class!
Proud to welcome 44 new brothers into our fraternity!
if you haven't seen the south park episode on this, you've got to find it
wish it was already my senior year..
tired of waiting
Attending Filmmaker Boot Camp at GI Film Festival May 18 in DC.
Looking 4ward to hearing from top Hollywood film pros.
Sign up!
: uh get it together get wat together???
That just means you'll get criticism for not including mainstream names.
Good luck.
I was actually;
These chicks today are pure whores....
Hi Vinny..
Can i pretty please get a hi back?
'
: Thanks for spreading a little love on Amazing festival for those with short THANKS guys!
The good die young True ..
that guy is the antiBartman.
Weaksauce.
Need an ereader/tablet for my 1,000s of research PDFs.
On the one hand, notetaking and compy syncing!
On the other, eink!
Ideas?
Advice?
talent is luck, you shouldn't beat yourselves up over it  lots of honest work out there MoveOn
One in six Americans are living in poverty
I'd rather hit rock bottom than be stuck second guessing
Nothin better than listenin to some One Direction.
I love them.xx
Yes!
They are so bad for you.
lol!
Dealin wit dumb ass people...
Leave yo emotions on Facebook.
great.
screwed up something with the root password, now I can't open phpMyAdmin
I just wanted to greet my sister, Ella...
Happy Birthday Sis!
i already followed like 15 mins or more and i still just have my same followers
Power 105 1 's The Breakfast Club interviewed Swizz Beats earlier this morning.
He speaks on the scandal with Mega Upl
Sipping some Kambucha in Central Park.
Great cooling doctornk in hot NY summer weather and healthy too!
Very rich in enzymes and antioxidants
Which isn't a confirmation.
His injuries are consistent with getting his ass whipped.
Doesn't justify deadly force.
There's nothing like a kicky little skirt, some dangly earrings and a sequin vest to call attention away from blood stained shoes.
Great tweets from everyone today.
Being on the softball field when the tornado sirens are going off.
Downtown atx Wed morning?
Rogation Wednesday Morning Prayer 8:30 am, prayer for more godly stewardship of creation
no problem!
HonestyNight I don't know what it's like to have a dad.
I have a dad, but it's just long awkward silences.
O man,kids really wanna eat this early?!...lord,it ain't even 7am yet
Great job everyone tonight.
Anyone want to come for a second workout with me?: It is time for me to hit the gym...
Embarking on a green development for local workforce housing, 10  15 units that will be net zero and affordable!
Social Security benefits to be depleted by 2033; three years earlier than last report.
Eminem voice Cleaning out my closet...
Pretty Thick Hoes With Bright Toes  Earrings In Their Nose 
It makes me mad the way you treat yourself and the way you let people treat you.
Going to see the advenders!
Lol yes!
Respect for the fragility and importance of an individual life is still the mark of an educated man
If you can't look back on having given love and attention to your own family, what have you really accomplished?
Do you love or hate the show Jersey Shore...
or both?
Either way everyone has an opinion  we wanna hear it!
Join us TONIGHT Weldin...
: IWishYouKnew Theres nothing sexier than a girl in high heels..........with no clothes on.
Flow like a butterfly sting like a bee
I love unusual toys....
Such an amazing episode of glee!!!
Next weeks looks even better too!!
lolol I haven't watched the video yet but I've seen the title.
LMAO
less than a week away :
Love the Emergency!
music in the latest Spiel.
Remember the episode where a woman got bitten by a scorpion?
Scared me to death.
mm , our spotlight artist of the week
git commit am all work and no play makes jack a dull boy.
LMAO um no !!!
haha i feel like listening to BVB and Motley Crue ....
do you agree ?
honestly ur not the best lookin and ik I'm not eather but I'm just tellin u what I think sorry if I sound like a jerk I'm just
And we certainly will  great to see you, Karen!
I'm on FB more because most of my friends are out of state and in other countries, happy earth day to you as well
Without a gentle contempt for education no man's education is complete
July 9, 2011 will be at the Bay Harbor Green Market see you all there, I will have the flavor of the week my platano loco cupcake delic
In Ashland, Ma just before 9 am exactly 1 snow melted to .05 for fluffy but not extreme 20:1 ratio.
A sarcastic marketer...we like it!
Leo.
So be on the lookout for signs from the universe, and they will eventually help you solve a problem.
GottaLoveTheUniverse 
I just want to read a book.
That's all.
Just sit down and actually read a book.
i you hate is because you think he can remplease justin bieber ..
cuz he is best ...
lmfao
Create your future from your future, not from your past.
Have you tried our new marble surfaced frost plate?
Great for mixing up your favorite ingredients  even better in a home made cone!
Duncan started slow for gospursgo, but ended up with 16 points and 18 rebounds not too much farther to go to be Spurs 2 alltime scorer.
Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys.
It just sunk in that my doctoral program is costing nearly 30k per semester
Wale going in on first take tho
Guys CougarTown got saved by TBS can we try getting on another network?
Join me for some butt rockin' blues.
Tonight 10:30!
www.theboomboomisteromhouston.com /via
Wow, you kiss your mother with that mouth.
RT : They guy next to me smells like sit:
said even if larger partner orgs mean well they end up throwing you under the bus.
Fly a kite
Goodnight to all :
Am really sad about how many teachers have left my school this year.
Small school, so it affects all of us.
Awe: I'm going to miss ya picking on me :
he has to get Rip on the floor.
No one else can break down the D
YES : Learn it.
Live it.
Own it.
: RT : A wireframe is not a coloring book via 12ntc 12ntchero
Any more money
GoodMorning Sweetheart Waits Fa Replies
Should have read hitting
I lost interest in twitter ./:
Linebeard mania.
RT : Hahahahaha, no.
RT : the SEC wants Louisville but UK is scared of it.
the things i see on tumblr lol
: but if I Facebook it should I also tweet it?//Depends.
Have you Myspaced or Linked it in?
If so, just pin it to ur board.
I'm a little smarter then you think.
Thanks to everyone who stopped by our table at the MKEChiliBowl and voted for us.
We had a great time!
we're definitely the weirdest group of people ever haha
seems like only yesterday...I think you should finish ALL of your books in Aspen!
I'll help.
loved seeing you back on the challenge.
and damn way to rock the speedo.
saw on the news where NY giants got a tickertape parade...
who still makes ticker tape?
notice me out of 20million BELIEVE 18
That would be great.
Probably not going to the class, but I live in Rogers Park.
bring some tonight
Me too.
this is true.
washu taught me pretty much nothing other than how to identify bias.
I wish my big brother was still around...R.I.P.
Marvin Jr...he would always have my back...
tell her
Going to the store to buy a new PC.
Yeah, like a Microsoft one.
They still make those!
Thank you for inspiring us to change the world!
Geeze so much doctorma tonight!!
I can only imagine....
You guys, Madonna has slaves!
Leyland has given up on the game.
Putkonen is in.
FOLLOW FRIDAY!!
find some of the Darlins to follow here: /darlins
asked the owner of a bowling alley if shes seen a lot of 400 games.
was later informed a perfect score is 300.
that's how often i go bowling
To all my ladies and some gentlemen Spa week is on it's way, October 10th through the 14th take full advantage!!!
I will be can't wait!
Celebrate your victories with healthy treats.
Instead of going out for dinner, go dancing.
Instead of buying a new TV, buy a new elliptical.
great visit yesterday w/Ward.
Thanks.
Next week the folks in Squim.
damn I was about to sign you
Why do people feel the need to lie about unnecessary shit?
...working on a remix of underground rap and hip hop for a producer of on top by a long shot productions...
Under the hydoctortor, finna be sweating like crazy
feel better!
Thanks for your support of AIDSWalk12!
RT : AFAN AIDS walk here we come!
A pimp gon be a pimp...a ho gon be a ho....ain't no way around it
have u ever seen a kfc buffet in n e hood before.
33 days until my surgery.
Holy fuck.
DAVID YOST you did not complain about G.
W.
BUSH taking more vacation TIME at BUSH'S CRAWFORD RANCH on those 1583 acres.
NLD Mom/ca.
surv.
hey make sure u follow follow : 
ugh.
dunno all the details, but read his statement; i'm on Bott's side.
sorry kids.
lol do some!
I wanna see.
this question makes me wish you were a panelist.
you can feel it, you can feel it
We are still looking for a few good foodtrucks from DFW!
Taking more twitter recommendations please!
We've invited a bunch, need 34 more
Different theatre this time comfyer seats required for 5 hour opera.
Also sans : brought my mom instead.
Food Truck Stops: October 18
you must have a horse buggy
had a killer time in Chicago 2nite 4Derick's bday party.
Happy 40th, my man!
Thanks for the follow friday shout out!
Why its called Bypass Surgery?
If operation successful Pass Or else BY BY...:.
Absolutely!
Hopefully rubs off : Ricky has pitched outstanding this season!
ur sister has a wonderful voice
RT Pack your knives and go Bravo's Top Chef open casting call today 10a  2p Wells on Wells, 1617 N Wells St
Nero coming through my speakers, my fast car, n doctorving on the highway on a beautiful day is a speeding ticket waiting to happen
Affiliated with Hustlers No conversations with Suckaz it ain't No Hate in ma blood I just don't Fuck with u Bustaz
Coffee, stretching, and a good milelong jog.
Hey, thanks for following!
first you got your tweets protected like you someone important and now I gotta ask you for permission!?
Getting my workout on : gotta get hot for EDC!!!!
I like that craptastic  amazeballs are natural opposites of each other
I wish I could get a FYB tatto WELP too bad
Changes long time coming.
Less to do with FOX.
More the natural  subtle adjustments necessary to bring MMA into mainstream.
Congratulations to our middleweight Jason Neville for making the national team.
Way to go Bones!!!
Save Today Central is looking for the best daily deals coming out and making them easy for you to find.
NO!!
Y u say that?!
RT : Are you pregnant??
YES!
I've always argued that coffee or tea tastes better when made for you!
Its got to be science!
and need to do an album together!
knicks...you guys are getting killed.
SomeFactsYouShouldKnow I'm all about accomplishing goals that I set for myself
Need quick ways to develop your skills?
We've launched our HowToDoIt Blog with FREE tips.
Read the first and subscribe at bit.ly/r3kHcR
!
Look At Me and lOoK at u.!
Now tElL me nigga ...
WhO's JeAlOuS oF wHo?
Sugar Land is flooding, and I'm not there : I always miss the fun stuff!
then what am I gonna do !?!?
Ride in the trunk ?
Haha
I'm addicted to Tamarindo candy !
Without love, benevolence becomes egotism.
Martin Luther King Jr.
you sleep with your eyes naked??
Its hard ,constantly lookin at things in a positive way.
i tried nd only lasted 2 min.
That charge was a bullshit call...
Nice, Jillian.
Sale ends at midnight tomorrow.
We do ship to Chicago :
And thats Why Im Concerned But Now its Confirmed That You Spread Your Wings and Learned to Fly All Alone
WHERE ARE YOU SPENDING EASTER, GUUURRRRRRL?
Did I miss the memo/email on the Harry Carray/Erkel look for NBA players?
I'm sure there are really good original bands out there, I just can't find them somebodyhelpme suggestions?
So excited about seeing new play Tontlawald on Saturday.
Time to brush up on my Estonian fairy tales...
Reggie Wayne signs 3 year deal with Colts.
I'm a huge supporter of breast feeding in public.
Same :p
Weell I don't talk a lot same way I tweet.
Here is my facebook account add me if u won't too Roshanak so
the pollen is worse than ever this year shut the hell up it's this bad every year
Lunch at Lottie's starts next week.
A theme  great deal for every day!
Monday is 5 Martini lunch Mondays.
I own a Sony FS100.
Shot 3 commercials with it.
Sweet camera.
May sell it in December if I decide to buy a RED.
Interested?
Hey Minneapolis!
Where should I have dinner Sunday night?
Guns r locked, cocked and ready to rock
no school today.
cancelled because of storms.
:
Whew!
You are one busy family!
My Em would love to be at the horse shows!
She loves watching...
its not just u!
Its bizarre and def out of the box of who u think would be in attendance
Others might disagree, but I liked the Jose Gonzalez song in Red Dead Redemption.
Made the game feel timeliness.
We should have an AmericanDjangoExpatriotinSwitzerland Fondue party!
I took a nap during the 11th.
Just made a sandwich, I'm seeing this through.
Frog leggings
NO !!!
ARE YOU KIDDING ME ????
I hate American Idol...
I know.
I love it.
Have a great week.
well there's four of us but we split up so it's two and two.
Me and are in 107 and our other friends are in 118
If you haven't already, download our full length album and other works for free at www.blasesplee.com
I did, but it was in frame.
: Hope you are doing well and prospering.
I will make it over to another class soon.
Any gigs 4 u?
I weight train twice a week.
Come on young fella, get wit it.
godmomknowledge
The life and times of President Makgatho will be celebrated under the theme  From Colonialism to Democratic Dispensation.
The...
RT Visit w JAMS!
Tomas Hult  Anne Hoekman will be in New Orleans, May 1519 for AMS meeting.
RT : Weekends are a bit like rainbows they look good frm a distance but disappear when u get up close to 'em John Shirley
Fuck daylight savings time
This bucks season has been a disaster.
Injuries.
Unhappiness.
But die hards always rep their team and city.
.......someone not telling the sports anchor that I had a sports package until way after she needed to know.
Just a bunch of crap.
You smell3
Yeah, I have low expectations.
Dipping 1000's of Madeleines into chocolate...by hand!
Yup, a true labor of love.
I hate explaining to the mechanic that I don't pop the hood to check my oil in fear of upon opening it there being a maniacal laugh track.
Watching YouTube on Ellen
can't wait to rock out at korn tonight with 
SO TRUE!
Gives you the kickstart you need!!!
Come out Thursday to the Museum of Jewish Heritage for a screening  talk w/filmmakers  guest doctorYuval Neria
Horror movies from the early 90s make me laugh...
There's always a hero dog  exagerated use of the sword
LOL!
I call it The Brett Favre Effect...
GymPetPeeves Dude, it's doge ball.
Not the hunger games.
did u hear about the earquake in south Cali
CONGRATS KATIE PICKLESIMER!
You are DAY 5's Giveaway winner.
Please contact us so we can send you the goodies.
at the bucks game
followback,Is Awsome related to The Office
WHAT?
Silly people...hm!!!
Brandon..
I would like to see you walk in heels for couple hours or so and see how you feel afterwards.
haha
That's every day for me, lol!
good luck!
Will it be on like fox sports radio usually is on nights or not?
can't believe you had to miss half the movie : I'll watch it again!
Never mind I'm running late now.
Damn purple line 
Thunder is a bit scary right now, but it looks awesome.
Finally home :D school tomorrow then spring break!!!!
Almost DUCK DAY!
Thirdoctorund play at the WGCMatch Play Championship finished up in Arizona and the tournament's lone remaining top seed is still alive.
Tact is the ability to tell a man he has an open mind when he has a hole in his head
God bless everybody
I haven't been on twitter in about 3 months.
I missed it.
For the 12:35 AM show at Comic Strip Live NYC, coming to the stage: Jay Oakerson
Stacy: Attention has become such important social currency.
you may be able to get the game on ESPN3 Jewels.:
I was never a big fan of but I still respected him.
After watching this morning, he's in my Top 5 fav players.
Watch out!
RT : 2/5/12, Super Bowl Sunday, life in Chicago is gonna get a helluva lot QuickeR.
QuickeRcity is coming!
Several performances coming up in the greater Seattle area.
www.jonathannicholson.com for details.
New comedy audio up.
Featured Bit  Shats R Us.
www.freekshowradio.com
Sounds like a fancy escrow service.
RT : Finovate eDeposit  so I basically give them the money early?
I don't think so.
There is no pleasure in having nothing to do; the fun is having lots to do and not doing it
nah doctorving from the airport
Lock in tonight.
Text it.
probably not so much with the winky face
Are you participating in the Vision Development workshop for IGT on Thursday, May 3rd?
Please contact IGT to signup..520.209.2448.
Lol, don't worry!
You'll get there
Watcin Firestarter then Eclipse!
Got a big bowl of popcorn, huge Pepsi, twizzlers.
Im ready, im ready!
agreed, and the kids aren't dead, where are the bodies of the girl and tall guy
There's really no one to impress at school anyways
I think that school and microwave minutes are longer than regular minutes.
Come start your weekend off right with the open bar at BRINK ORLANDO from 1112!
I will also be spinning starting at 10!!...
we'll take it..good lookin refs
The NBA is actually laughable.
That flagrant foul on Chandler, was absurd.
In the days of MJ...
Wouldn't of even been a whistle.
Well why don't you cry about it.
SADDLEBAGS!
I ain't got nothing to say to her.
Alright folks, the next CareerConnects event will highlight HR this Fall!
More details coming soon...
Yay movies!
Bo everything else...
Hope the movie does the trick!
From Tony Plohetski: heavy doctorpes on hotel window closed in case glass shatters...
Goodbye Houston.
Shall we expect a sonnet about the McRib?
New fACEBOOK
if you have a facebook/youtube/twitter account named Official and you aren't an extremely high professorle musician, i don't like that.
Wat if dere were no hypothetical questions???
OMG!
Tonight might be dying my hair brown and getting a haircut.
:
Yes  blue sky weekend!
RT Hope you are having an incredible weekend
Yeah I guess.
Didn't agree but we escape!!
If youre going to talk shit about my boyfriend to your hair stylist..
make sure your hairstylist isnt my mom.
No more waking up at 7 AM
Enter 2 win FREE TICKET to OPUS May 1720 by telling us what you think of our enhanced ebooks  tag !
Hey check out The staged parody of the !995 Cult film.
Starring Willam Belli of RuPauls doctorg season 4
World of Warcraft Birth Control Ad
Daylight savings isn't really saving time.
It's a sleep robber.
Daylight sleep robber.
fbml and flash :x is giving me headaches
Can someone please tell me the voting number for RNG !!!?!?!??
Just got back from DC time to get back into my New York state of mind.
Your fake stretched plugs are looking quite dapper today, faggot.
Veterinary researchers reveal new treatment method for cytauxzoonosis in cats With more cats now exposed to this tickborne disease, a ne
Sorry its been so long on here!!
I am back for now!
Going to The Wilds with friends today; hope the weather stays well.
Have a good day!
Woohoo!
Excited to be a part of the doctorommy Twitter party tonight!
Oh most definitely bro!
Having a good time confounding as she attempts to guess what her birthday present is.
I'm the only one that just saw an old homeless guy dangle a scarf out of the bus window.
My life is so surreal right now.
don't see anything..
u know how that ho is
Ebay is so strict!
Thanks for today's RTs.
Big home game for the Sharks today.
Broward College at 4pm!
What one player will have the biggest impact in this Sunday's AFC and NFC title games?
I'm about ready to flip the fuck out, wanna come
Might clash with Tower City's walls.
Perhaps the peach Calvin Klein, ala what wore ?
tired of doing the same stuff every damn day i wish something good would happen for once
dhtrial who did I stand in for?
most all guys but esp Kyle,Nathan, Jamie, and J.Slattery
Listening to Jeff Mirman from Turner Sports talking about
yeah!
It started throwing its nuts at me so I threw them back and we got in a fight and finally I started shaking the tree
Awe, I love your friend.
to u it has but ALOT of ppl dont use twitter at all..and ppl who say facebook wack still log on even doe not same as be4
Sprinkle a bit of swag dust on the ground in front of her!
RT ask
I think we need to have our own Hunger Games, so that we can throw some of these fools in the arena
Let it snow let it snow let it snow
So confused!!
yay I'm Alex's family:D
thats a cute cat
Hey douches, don't steal a penguins on your doctornkin' night out.
It isn't funny.
You're lucky little Dirk is okay.
Douches.
so you think the NBA has lost it's essence??
What would you change Fam in the NBA?
Yes, that was me shoveling snow today.
Don't ask.
Give a chick a fish, she'll eat for a day.
Give her your rod, she'll be sharing meals for 18 years.
Take the fish, ladies.
Its almost dark...which means, I better get home and fight off the lady bugs I left chilling in my dimly lit 1/2bath.
hit us back bro!
Pens D need to at Least show up for 1/2 the gameAnd if Sid and Geno r 2 gether on a line 2 nite, Geno will score thoughts?
just made my day..
nicely said ;
Damn I've been in my zone cleaning and packing.
So ready to be home!
I agree!
See you in a bit : P.S.
read your resume last night Ms.
Book Author!
follow back sucka!
It was 40, kinda expensive :/
Lil Wayne doesn't make sense.
His songs don't have any meaning, he just says dumb stuff about how he's so good.
Probably.
The subconscious is sneaky like that.
I also have weird doctorams if I eat ice cream right before bed 2, so who knows :
doctoramchaser, keep chasing, grind will turn into your shine be patient.
Bristol Palin is the product of a dumb dingbat and a father who walks behind the dingbat and carries her purse.
rememberwhen the hardest decision we had to make was what we wanted to watch, wear to school, or where we wanted to eat at.
Why must I be an subscriber to watch shows on the app?
Why not offer a day pass/per show price?
Waste of a retail opportunity.
whomever gets a text from me is getting em double.
im blowing up DBP from at the moment.
Thank you for the tweet!
Much appreciated.
Apple sent me a survey based on my latest experience in the AppleStore, but survey doesn't work on purchase from said store.
Wearing scrubs.
RT : Spread the word to help us get alleyshrimp photo permissions?
Just send peeps to this link, m'kay.
Yer awesome.
http:/ ...
SAME OMG BB
Thanks for the follow!
Deb in Iowa
Over the next few weeks we will be putting machines into the Hawthorne Theather 1507 SE 39th Ave Portland, OR 97214
yes, enjoy the trip my man, looking forward to some updates!
Happy Birthday time coolest paranormal investigator out there!!!
Biggie's music, Tupac's attitude
haha i know 3 .
So sorry im on my phone and internet not really working at the moment :/ .
I cant vote :
I'd like to see moore of them, from you.
whenimwithyouall....
my problems go away the way u make me smile the way u look at me is so outstanding but who am i talkin bout
Great talking with you guys!
Call me for anything anytime!
All areas of Music and Business covered!
Much Love!
awesome game tonight :
Tea and Zombies might be the title of my autobiography
it's going to KILL me!
Lmao of course Kobe has the ball in every NBA commercial
i finally finished my paper.
i really think i have ADD or something
maybe I'll keep it for you then babe ;
tonight a good night to start.
I haven't had the best day.
I need to run off some anger.
Honing my musical/photography passion since I can't sleep D
Lunch on Tues, per favore, before we both head home for the holidays.
PS Congrats on completion of your Capstone!
Tnx for favorites  RTs, and ...
can you gentlemen explain why I'm working more on spring break?
Albeit with wine.
WOW!!!
Somebody just in followed me
And did she hide the steak knives Saturday night, 8th and 9th innings?
But I thought Weeden was going to be a soccer player
Hope you are having fun out yonder.
Looked like the Aces thing was fun.
I'm just upeditingatoddhours  Hope you are good.
Thanks for much!
I just sent the icon.
I appreciate the consideration about potentially being added too.
:
Our new apartment is really coming together
you wanna go?
Everything's great, Giulia!
New classes next week and baby is wonderful!
Can't wait to see you out there teaching  inspiring!
i know omg im yelling
you guys are in my prayers, love you Carla Lynn!
RT : you already know man you family now bruh
thanks for the follow :
I do have work to do, , but you should go see 's Chimpanzee with friends!
I mean, which ones are being taken over by City Schools.
Fact sheet lists 6.
Tweet said 5.
Felling like you r part of a family..
bestfeelingever love my friend Joz  her beautiful kids, I even love her big, scary, black husband:
Going to Indian Head, MD for a presentation today and then wedding rehearsal this evening.
Welcome to my personal twitter account.
I also manage accounts for , , , ,
arod has a sexy voice.
worstbostonfanever :
Patient: The problem is that obesity runs in our family.
Doctor: No, the problem is no one runs in your family.
I cant believe i'll be 20 in a couple hours...fml
Ron Paul waxing nostalgic for the good old days of high poverty senior citizens again, saying Medicare and Medicaid weren't needed.
At least my USA hat prevented a head injury
I want her to be a bitch and critique tho.
She's too nice, but I know she can be a bitch!!!
Lmao
We have heard a lot of demand for Jackson Potts II in Florida!
Pacers puttin NAP on the map!
They look god right now
We're good just need to step our defense and we'll fine.
Not a fan of trading baskets back n forth
Thank you for the RT and helping us spread the word!
TeamFollowBack  follow her for me.
and here I was, thinking it was me.
:P
Special Session time.
Good thing and I are breaking out the Four Roses this weekend.
High School 
I'm visiting Rochester because I need to pick one college as a backup in case I don't get into George Washington.
gahhh
A Girl in China lost her Virginity at the age of 13, She was called Sum Yung Ho
I need new people to text.
.
Make sure to register your 612 y/o for Jurassic Conservatory by Feb23!
Enjoying the day off while and Philippe use the studio to record some tracks for an upcoming movie trailer.
im stressed!!!
I feel like a big girl producer today.
Txrd, sxsw, and beyond...
Reviewing Resumes  buzzword hell.
is my best friend.
ok, guys.
Thanks!!
We appreciate your loyalty and support!
Fish always look like they're mocking how people talk when they're breathing, they must get into a lot of unwanted fights that way.
The difference between fiction and reality is that fiction has to make sense.
Tom Clancy via
Why are the Atlanta wine  food festival tix so pricey?
Ugh
I still have so much to do .
He knew the Swede involved in the Dec.
2010 bombing.
The Swede trained with Al Qaida, so terrorism isn't yet ruled out.
BOYS:If your girl puts you after everything, then maybe its time to just give her some space
yeah!!
We out here.
Mayweather won
what makes her so much better than me?
we will see starting Monday
no 2 3 days ago got up at 6
Have a doctoram, make a plan, go for it.
You'll get there, I promise.
Zoe Koplowitz, marathon runner who is afflicted with MS  diabetes
Andy Pettitte coming back to the Yankees!
What?!
Can't wait for this MLB season
Q5 Interns should be paid.
Otherwise, they are a volunteer and should have the flexibility of such.
Oh!
When is that?
TAF  I can't goto sleep cause I'm angry and now that I woke up I can't go back to sleep cause I'm sick.
Loser..Loser..Hey!
I've heard this call before!
I bet you have....
nwill2011 K used SoftChalk elearning tool to create interactive web content  it can be shared via web, CMS, etc
its hot as hell in this house
Happy Mother's Day, world!
Douglas Crockford said it's Je Son Everyone I know says Jason
I love making lists.
Business and conservation groups should be able to unite behind revised planning rules for England, says Commu..
My memory has a way of shaping unpleasant events frm the past into wonderful learning experiences.
Its never as bad as it seemed then.
Today we safeguard the world by outsciencing the scientists

her booty so big i can hang my chain from it
its day 259 At home Ayn loved to play outside in her backyard, now she spends her days in a basement
Any good food trucks in Farragut Square that people want to recommend?
I'm grabbing lunch there and don't know what to get.
Thanks!
I go 34 times a week and spend usually about an hour.
The trick is to maximize your time while you're there :
D Lamb with 21
Big League Chew and it's not even close.
Who are we playing today?
Pistons What's their record?
Terrible.
Perfect.
That's reflective of my mood.
Don't eff w/ C today.
Michigan feels the same!
But he's so cute XD OMG LOL very awkward ...
OH WELL
S/O to all my followers
Rain on my commute ...
What's up with that???
is looking for a Java Technical Lead for a contract to hire job with a large retailer in SF .
Interested candidates must have worked 
Anna Paquin and Steven Moyer sitting behind Lil Wayne at the Mayweather Cotto fight.
These are the things I notice.
Don't mean to let you down, but it ain't summer yet!
I know it felt like it last week though.
:
I just noticed that i'm one cool ahh nigga.

we wish you could be here too!
We will be livetweeting  blogging, so follow along :
come on man u really think the royals should never bunt?
If Getz can't bunt there when the hell do guys in bottom of order bunt?
RT : Let go of any negative ppl in your life, it is YOU who are letting them hold you down.
RT : following now!!
RT : I am working to follow all of you lovely ladies!
: TREH
Oh my darling you're more than welcome.
I'm very thoughtful when I'm sober.
I had almost two thoughts last week!
why are there so many polish pastry shops?
they might look good but we all know they're not good
Friday Night Football: Brighton Bulldogs host Monarch HS at 7:00 pm at BHS Stadium.
I don't care who you're for...that was a GREAT game last night.
Hats off the the Cardinals for keeping it alive!!
Just announced!
Afterparty in Atlanta, GA for the show on 11/19.
Come watch some music moe.ron's!
Wish I had seen these earlier!
I totally could have taken you.
Thanks to Randy of Onsite computer solutions for donating their old cell phones, Way to go.
Lets keep it up
I just wish people's expectations would align with what they are willing to fund.
Especially in IT.
Goodbye we will miss you!
Best of luck in 1871 :
Is she wearing her crown too?
TheWire RT : Granny has her Mother's Day Church outfit hanging out already.
FF You're Welcome My Friend!
Thanks for the Shoutout!
You're Awesome!
Follow here people One of Twitter's Coolest!
Always funny!
Babysitting wears me out :/ but i'm making money likeaboss :
Yeah, good luck with that.
I'm just shocked they didn't ask him his thoughts on Middlebrooks
Thank you to all our veterans; you are greatly appreciated!
Twitter, stop trying to get me to follow Zooey Deschanel.
I don't need your judgment.
Every day there are more than 110,000 patients waiting for a lifesaving organ donation.
Have you signed up to be a donor yet?
Why do i always wake up home alone?
One thing I do miss about Tennessee is the friendliness/hospitality...

This is the week to check your mailbox Colorado!
You could have a 100 check in your Valpak envelope!
PLEASE call me next time, I can give you a ride/pick you up!
You Joy is a Babe
Uhm, why does golds close at 7pm on Saturday?
Currently on Yahoo front page: Trayvon Martin, Obamacare...and new bikini rules for Olympic beach volleyball players.
One of my users said of my salesforce reporting skills, You are the ExLax of data.
A compliment, I think!
Stuck on the 6.
Follow my gorgeous cousin :
Living in the past positions you to be PASSED over.
You can bet if it worked 15 years ago it likely won't work today  embrace change!
So how are things on Uranus?
Nandos!!
how could I forget the sauce!
South Africa sounds exciting...have you heard Shakira's official worldcup song?
WakaWaka
I don't like the new TwellowHood, I can't see the list like I used to be able to so I can follow popular people in my hood.
Def going to see the movie, The Avengers, when it comes out!
toocool!
love it!: Country singer Vince Gill, season seat holder for Preds, shown on jumbotron with tshirt Bertuzzi is a Sissy.
hnic
There are far too many Condescending Wonka twitter accounts.
Go head with your Charles and Ray Eames self!
: D watchin out!!
you're full of great surprises!
stop texting and start running lol
I'm proud to say that I have consciously avoided paying attention to Jose Canseco's tweets.
Monday.
Big game is over.
Long week ahead.
Late night Happy Hour starts at 10, 5 doctorfts.
If it's for a comedian, you won't need luck.
But good luck any way
You guys are way to cute!!!
LOVE!!
That moment when your thinking bout OC and who are you gonna shoot with your nerf gun War lol
thats my favorite game!!!!!
I love how peaceful LA is before the sun comes up.
do u have a mall or anything??
that's literally the coolest thing I've ever heard.
which languages?
My shoelace came untied.
is to blame!
What a jerk...
Well icon.
Your icon is pretty!
:
What the eff is this Vitamin Water commercial about?
Centralized monitoring  monitoring plan expectations are defined The primary focus is protecting human subjects  maintain data integrity.
WE want to hear your engagement story!
Win a FREE Bridal Makeup app!
Share with us your story at
Also I hate when people walk super close behind me, I feel like I'm about to get jumped.
Follow a Fringe Artists:
c'mon I love Ozzy and his Santeria practicing ass.
We know he's batshit crazy, that's part of his charm
sitting in the presenters lounge with mister Jefferson.
NO RLY!
After watching Dinosaur Train, Riordan say I tried to be a pteranodon, but I just don't have a beak
I wonder if dj back from kansas ?
Everything is going really great.
How are you?!
pretty sick..this takes it to that necessary next level to be simple, credible and viral.
Thanks for the shout out!
: What?
You can get arrested if you're on the football team?
from contact at Mifflin  Wow, MPD is going for the gold.
You know it's love when all you want is that person to be happy, even if you're not part of their happiness.
Julia Roberts
I can literally hear every word these girls say from down the hall.
Talking to my mean strict aunt Hahah .
I have watching the dog all day
Tim Tebow: Charging 160 an autograph is great if ALL the proceeds go to charity not just a portion.
Reminder: you are Tim Tebow not Lebron
Im heading back to polling place.
This time armed with poll watcher certificate.
This ain't over.
RT : A HUGE Praiiiii Pi Chi to my prophyte for winning Greek Woman of the Year!
THETA runs this show!!
happy MALG day to you.
3.
The Revelation study has got a hold of me and my little ladies group and we...are...loving'...it!!
was created 3 fugitives on moonshine
Is it really worth going behind my back?
Marshallism of the Day: Everything begins in thought and the reality is only our interpretation of the situation.
couldn't be happier with the start :
The best tool for content and connections
And cue rain forest downpour
We feel so blessed and thankful to do what we love and help people along their journey!!!
that's awesome!!
yeah for sure!
That's gonna be a fun game to watch tomorrow
thinks No, that's just funny to me.
thinks more No, that, too.
The market opens at 10am rain or shine!
RT thanks for the shoutout your the best!
RT : Both of my babies were borntoosoon Daughter at 30 weeks, son at 35 wks.
Not as crazy as instagramming a pigeon in the first place !
;P
The Flu Season is looking great, everyone!!
Buy your 10 dollar tickets for this ThursSun at fluseason.eventbrite.com !
Bad news....
your segment got cancelled from here on out...
WEIRD!?!?!?
Did someone say BACON ?
Our Special Today is the Maple Candied Pork Belly  House Cured and Smoked !
12 Marketing Super Powers 7 The Power of Autonomy  have a goal to create the business of your doctorams on your terms which  SUCCESS!
Gave myself amazing bangs today!
Thanks to tutorial.
Great advice!
I haven't even started!!!!
don't forget to check out in Madison tonight!
You're on the guestlist and dinner's on us!
Ah!
I changed my password yesterday  sorry, no clue why it's still doing that.
I'm getting spam from all over, too.
:
we can ask that at the legal roundtable tomorrow
Long Treat Mom to a Healthy Happy Mothers Day...
Buy her a Gift Certificate.
Call our Houston office 7136230866
should i get doctornk and then reply?
400 Followers!!
We LUV you TWEEPS  RT and spread the word  Cougars  Cubs Ball this weekend where our 40 bombshells at?!
Yep!
Miami!
Ha, isn't that the truth!
RT : Anyone selling raingear today in DT Austin is going to kill it!
I finished the Hunger Games again...Now I need to finish Fifty Shades of Grey and I can move on two the next books
I'm listening to the Radiohead mix that ErinDish made for me about 6 years ago.
Are you hiring?
RochesterWorks!
has funding available to help businesses to reduce the cost of training and hiring new employees.
Contact 
Lol, my mom used to yell at me cuz all i did was twitter, and i used to say that AT LEAST IM NOT DOING doctorGS OF HAVING SEX
yes, filming in a few weeks and looking forward to work with the great cast and crew!
Grilled pastrami on rye on now at Lottie's!
Im such a big fan: I love your voice3 keep up the god work:
Excited to meet with some Northeastern faculty today to talk about our Health  Security research strengths and funding opportunities.
Worry about your character  not your reputation, b/c your character is who you are, and your reputation is only what people think of you
I don't want to feel alone, sometimes I wish I had a boyfriend to hug and talk to!
I WILL STEAL YOU AND PRETEND YOU ARE 18
Packers schedule: Seriously tough games right out of the box.
our Batterman Ensemble is competing in the 2012 Charles Mingus High School Jazz Competition in NYC this weekend  best of luck to them!
im trynna...im bout ta fux these simple minded niggaz up....RNS
I completely agree LinkedIn is such a useful tool that so many of us forget!
Thanks for the tips!
that's about to change on Thursday : miss you!!
if I'm tweeting less today, I'm saving my voice for tomorrow!!
I never got your survey.
What gives?
Just ordered Walking on Water book on Amazon.
Hope it will give me inspirations for
burn yourself/ to become dust/ to reach cool wind/ above human masonry
I know you're better than average.
Right before the 4th quarter!
really liking the twitter on my schools computer, it looks better on here then the twitter app on my phone!
What's worse than being hungover in class?!
NOTHING.
RT for a free sample of Closing Time Hangover Supplement!
Is only 1 hour away!!!!!
Were breathing the same air!!!!
:D
Something has been amiss with Facebook for hours.
I wanna see and U2 on an arena tour together.
Seriously amazed to have music this good coming out of South FL.
Check them out!
What you know about that?
LOL..I thought you were a way up Northerner, lol
Whoa!
just blew my mind!
Get 20 off on your first cleaning appointment :D
Congrats to on your season!
can't to watch again in the fall!
Lol  my sister was going to get me Sonic since I am deprived and she is nice and some woman hit her car.
I thank God everyday that I still have my big brother!
This was a tough year for him, but he pulled threw it!
He's my HERO love him 33 
Woke up quick, at about noon; just thought that i had to be in compton soon.
I love my dickinson swim fam, but softball is SO much more fun .
Cutler is a big douchebag
We can hurry this AA thing up..
RT Great 40minute power nap in the Now back to work!
The library is here for you!
Good luck with work!
Ugh I don't even want to watch anymore!!
Aw, feel excited!
It's prom!
Haha.
Hope you have a fun time today!
Can we stop having Wars on..
Terror, doctorgs, Women, and now Moms oy vey!
Over them all Hate BS political stunts designed to incite the masses
You know what would be a fascinating ethnography  contingent labor in political campaigns.
19 goals so far in the Premier League
Just wanted to say how much i love voice 3
hope you are having a Rockin Tuesday!
Thx for your great support!
Well Bell's salary was cut so same thing, lol.
Watching TRUE GRIT before my show!
Yes!!
You cracked me the hell up.
And you are the KING of cheap pops!
Nonprofessort organizations who think in small terms end up getting what they ask donors for, which is very little.
Frank Gross!
From Seattle USA Take a listen to my music.
www.mevsmyself.net
Shame on me if you fool me once.
Shame on me if you fool me twice.
You've been a really hard case to crack, should have known better but...
So excited!
I weigh myself 12X/wk.
New update 2 share: lost another 3 pounds!!
Total 33  Gone!!
Means 13 since starting V3!!
LOVE!
:D
I want to meet you
I think my sister had to put that on the application for her certificate for solemnization.
I wonder if they have to match...
get ready for video of me singing So Sick by Ne Yo !
getting posted on YouTube right now !
Fairbanks very popular with trumpeter swans!
Saw some in the Chena!
BTW: Autocorrect?
Stop trying to turn Chena into Chernobyl.
Great catching up.
Chat soon!
Nice shoes just like Hermes handbags r nice but spending 200 4 sneakers  12 grand 4 a handbag means ur priorties r wrong
you did great!
hahaha!
So cute!!
i love watching all the guys during half time.
CharlesBarkley is so funny
SO TRUE!
RT : Friends are those rare people who ask how we are  then wait to hear the answer  Ed Cunningham
when I joined twitter only had 4,000,000 followers and now he's almost going to 22,000,000 ;o 333
Yea we're super heroes they love us
To be in the Shottas TV Series
which speed scarf are rocking at nationals?
How is Martha Stewart single?
I would marry her  I am pretty sure my husband would understand!
We are a month away from our major relaunch.
Expect a blog post soon on what the new Socialistr is all about  and how we compare to Google
I know this is random but we need all the help we can get!
Back and/or tweet about it plz!
:D
listening to Tamia  So Into You is such an awesome song!!!!
Bringing back some feel good memories this afternoon!
this is so cool!
Thanks for sharing!
well, I already let them watch Alien...
i travels , i dont like to sit in one place at all ..
this is what i do :
I am so happy about summer beer.
chicks dig me
Absolutely enjoy it!
I'm having problems with acceptance of Section 508!
They're looking for loopholes!
but you give me hope!
Congrats SEGD on a fascinating Design of Location Conference yesterday.
Happy to have been part of it
'Man becomes what he thinks about.'
Wash: If my players execute, the chess matches take care of themselves.
Throwing people under the bus starts with the manager!
Last week we mentioned Camera Bag which lets you apply awesome effects to the photos you take with your iPhone
THANKS YOU!!!
As long as I don't get vicious gas I'm game....
good night dorkus ....
rest well
got your undawareness on today?
we've sold them around the world.
where are you located?
What's your favorite Twitter client?
I just started using Hootsuite after many months with Tweetie and am liking it.
Are you a thief because you just stole my heart;
Can I get a follow?
I want to DM you.
Great news re: the summer conference:
there was a full alert at the fence when a stray dog approached.
scraps came charging on 3 wheels.
they respected the commitment.
Holy shaatt BRAD is in like one week
Enjoy the heat and sunshine while it lasts.
FOLLOW ME PLEASE?
With Panetta, GSA, and Secret Service you can't trust the government with your money
planning things out for upcoming shows
To each his own!
askselena which song is your favourite?
I used to have a fear of hurdles, but I got over it.
The Ratchet.
The Ratchet Monster.
Born This Ratchet.
I used to go to school at Anna Maria college in Paxton Ma outside of worcester, now I'm near Andover Ma
Opportunities can be manufactured.
You don't have to wait for fate
Hell if I know.
I'm old.
Looking for someone in Chicago who is available for an indexing project.
It will be for 4 days only to start in the next couple of weeks, 
: 'unignorable' could be ignorable, unknowable, inexorable, incurable, inexorably or unconquerable.
RT : is next week May 12 ILC is providing the lighting and will be there.
Let 'em know if you'll be too!
Lunch today Park Avenue for
Why did I just get preached to about UK basketball?
I hate RATarded people!
INSIGHT doesnt make the schedule!!!
So Tim Thomas is a teabagger now?
I want to sew even more now that my good sewing machine is broken.
Guess I'll have to give my Singer a try.
They hire the lowest of the low at this zoo to be keepers: DeJesus, Mike, Sharon, Alex, Hudson.
All's good, had already doctorpped at daycare.
Jerk passed me on right  nearly forced me into traffic on my left
We are Vegas bound!
Heading to the desert for the amazing remaxR4 conference.
I'll not go to sleep until you follow  tweet me something!: I love you both so much!13
Ppl who are the greatest or best at what they do....
Knew it from day one and won't except anything less than the Best...
it was great!
Provided great insight on imp of materials based approaches for understanding transatlantic histories of objects.
The Golden Girls getting their own Barbie's....
That's pretty awesome.
: A high percentage of my BostonianBradyBabes are married
Damn I hate how plane tickets cost way more now to fly out anywhere.
Guess I got to reconsider on taking a greyhound 2 Spokane next week Smh
My health insurance premiums went up another 2 this year.
Blargh.
when something offline is forced online, eg previous tweets, we blame the violators.
when online data is spread online, we blame the victims
Flowers remind me that a gentle love still exists.
: don't need a let down tonight we have to take care of business tonight.smdh
Heartbreaking that Fringe is getting worse and worse til the end.
Sigh.
Settling in for
Are there any tributes to Adam Yauch still happening in NYC?
Info please, if you know of any.
There are no Learning TECHniques classes over UWM Spring Break, but this is our 300thTweet.
Yay!
We will be communicating all members through our new email and if you signed up on ur contact list for org fair you will be added to it now.
Dallas has just stopped making shot in the fourth...
Who's trying to go to country night tomorrow?
I'm tryna get creepy
Thats why we create so much.
The city is a survivor too.
And unpredictable.
And gorgeous, nothing else compares.
U17 semifinal MEX v Germany.
32 Mexicans advance.
What a match!!!
Catch the replay.
That means you Coach Bob.
no shit huh???
Fn idiot!
Still love him tho...
You didn't know this before, but I grew to like you and viewed you as a friend I could talk to if I needed to.
A2: Don't think Eli was marketable nationally yet.
Now stepping up with bro on sidelines  will be more recognizable
Finally made a print of that I'm happy with.
Only 1 more to finish  hang before 6pm open of Muse
I really enjoy talking on the phone with a recruit who gets it.
Great kids make that aspect of this professorssion much more enjoyable.
video is stupid dope doggy
NCConstitution I.36 The enumeration of rights in this Article shall not be construed to impair or deny others retained by the people
We get more page views now.
No game for me today 
genesis bitches!
Im Spottin Out My Haters, But Now Im Losing Friends...
deal!
Cause then I get to see you
Ready to go home ugh!
Frank Catalanotto, the Cat, is now following me on Twitter.
That was a fun email to read.
thx for the love ystrday.
Archaeologists represent!
WorldCat Local makes resources outside your library more accessible than other discovery layers.
Worse than that it forces society to accept the lowest common denominator...destroys culture, values, and rewards mediocrity!
yup.
: Have a good nite guys!
Didn't know VIP at the zoo actually existed.
But I can't lie, it's a pretty nice setup
85k at 81600, lost a cpl pots and folded a pair and flush doctorw hand on turn when there was heavy action.
Let's stop Kony now!
I am never letting plan a weekend in Indianapolis ever again.
I want Winterfest!
I'll be at work, maybe tomorrow evening?
You do realize I'm 33 right?
LOL
V interesting presentation of library dashboard tool for monitoring IT services in real time.
Wait...
Exception...
cos u r cold vampire:
Sprained my ankle, because of my hardcore makeout session from yesterday.
Lmfao, yes it indeed was intense.
Like very much.
Shoot one to to join the mailing list and get great deals everyday!
please follow me so I can snd u a message, thanx!
please be careful CC!!!
have fun at work today!
Lol
welcome to twitter!
this will go to the whole world but will also come directly to me
hey!
cheek us out.
we're kinda new to Vegas, from Florida.
we're a legit band taking it really serious.
I hope you like it!
:
Happy President's Day everyone;D Hope you enjoy the dayoff.
The one possible positive I could find from today will be a Cubs win.
Jagimo is currently experiencing technical difficulties.
We're working on it.
Sorry!
Great seeing you last night at the Rumble !
You got an amazing pop from the fans !!
As you should !!!
I haven't missed one in 13 years...I'm gong to try and go on my own.
irallstars.
Billings: IR includes suppl material that didn't fit in the University Press's print monographs.
Kelly did a great job!!!
I hate Mosquitos
aka make em the same thing!!
IDK...ONE DAY....WELL MY SIS MITE GO OVER THERE for her birthday 14 turning 15 and she is only by her self : '
Sleepy cake time :
Ciroc better than Grey Goose?
I've reserved what's left of my compassion for myself.
Sheer agony ;
10.
When you buy Someday, tell everyone who tries to touch it, IT'S MINE.
I BOUGHT IT.
I have the best band mates.
say exactly what you want in life.
n you'll have it
Oh muuuh gawwww, look how cute he is!
He looks...
alert!
Phone has a nice clear cam btw!
Mari so irritating; this boy get geeked every time I fast forward the tv; lol
Your Trusted Converting Partners for Over 25 Years!
We have some exciting things going on at EA check out it's brand new, and awesome!
I used the recipe you posted, which calls for equal parts juice and rum.
oO Needs more club soda
Ok yall sorry i didnt do my blog today wasnt feeling to good but i see this Magic and Heat game aint going good lol......
Wow, it is.
Thanks so much for the invite.
I'm exploring it right now...
: It looks terrific!
Best served cold at Angelfire Saturday!!!
40 entry includes lift ticket.
Come out and compete!!!
Giving isn't the same as paying taxes
Instagram CoFounder, Steve Jobs's Widow Among State of the Union Guests 
IfIWonTheMegaMillions I would buy VIP to BTR concert and also concerts.
Luv , 
And Horizon is a public school as a matter of Arizona law p.78
I'm gonna go out on a limb here and maybe Prince Charming just doesn't like whiny bitches?
Looking for a new networking group to visit?
Join me tomorrow 3/13 for the doctoramTeam Mastermind in Richardson.
Hear from 3 experts on Strat
I promote wellness within my homecommunity.
Have you heard of Le'viveBody Magica successful way to promote the way you lookFeel within.
You'll have to come visit our new office sometime!
oh wow u finally joined the cult lol
An old friend will help you move.
A good friend will help you move a dead body.
Jim Hayes
Going to express some of my artistic ability..
wish me luck haha
Happy New Years Eve everyone!!
A creative home for jewelry artists.
Meet our exceptional designers and view their collections.
good luck tomorrow at state, boys!
you're all gonna do great!
:D
thats a great point.
Not sure I am experience anxiety...
but now that you say it like that I will try to pay more attention
So happy my show victorious won!!!!
Proud as ever love u!!!!
: 3
Whitney RIP
haha i know!
i like that they were all like lets just cram all the scary things that happen to people into one episode
No hangova and im up already ...!.
Fortunately I'm VERY lazy...otherwise, we'd be bankrupt!
;
Not for his hoodie?
LOL that is funny!
Looking forward to working with you.
Need teams  sponsors for Nick Lynch holiday tournament Dec 2728 at Douglass hs
Even the mentor that hurts your feelings will teach you something if you keep an open mind.
Ken Dunn
so much procrastination left to do...but did get client's quilt label embroidered and figured out pay pal invoicesurely bed should follow
Ice!!!!
We don't know nobody?!
Courtesy of Henessy XO Black.
Cellular device is most likely going to die soon.
D;
You're a close second to Casey B.
: Going to the gym in a little with jordy poo, uncle eric, and pootie excited yeeeaaahhhh!
;
I like even more after seeing his emotions fly.
Not often you see other Tour Players come out to congratulate a champ like that
No way!
RT : took you guys to the wrong game.
Bombers beat the only undefeated team in the league tonight!!!
Thanks, Ally.
Glad you enjoyed your visit to our dealership.
We look forward to seeing you again!
Beer Year, now we are talking.
I like your style!
Hoping you and yours has an Amazing 2012!
OMG this movie is killin me....
BET be doin the most...
its Trois2 yall smdh
I need this money to switch hands
not referring to anything specific.
Just life
Federal Agents Raid South Baltimore Flea Market amp; Seize Counterfeit Goods  CBS Local
Dodgers sweep Nats!!!
: I am and will always be a Yankees fan but I have to admit I'm warming up to the Nats.
You can thank
Apple needs to make a camera..
I followed you!
Follow back??
Bretana
New high school reading standards have redefined success away from literary reading toward technical competence.
Please support Great fundoctoriser Tuesday night.
Details at www.namelesssound.org
!!!!!!!!!!!
RT Im a very happy person, unless you're on my shit list  that sucks for you.
Your life, because of who you are, has meaning
Yes it is!!
D RT : what is that i hear??
New merch from sometime soon???
:DD www.hyebyheclothing.com
Awesome.
I'm good for now thanks for the offer!
Fish w/ bacon  risotto.
Sauteed baby bok choi.
Salad greens w/ homemade vinaigrette.
Damn, I should have picked up some foie.
Next to , NBA AllStar Weekend biggest brand winner: Beats by doctor.
Every fan under 18 had pair.
Well, that certainly would not make me a happy camper.
Bcuz AZ, NM, TX is Mexico??
She's the perfect example of why we need to study AMERICAN history which btw includes the SW
You got water on my bed.
We can't be friends.
You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take Wayne Gretzy
sorry to miss youstop by the PVLA office next time and we'll introduce you to the legal services crew.
I sometimes wonder how people don't realize how obnoxious they are when talking on their bluetooth headsets.
OH SHIT SO THEY FINALLY GOT A TOUCHDOWN IN THE FINAL QUARTER WE STILL WON STOP TRYING LMAO Y'ALL FUNNY AS HELL
no they have not moved I am working between Ireland  San Francisco for now
Come on May!
Get here: already
i'm crying right now because i love yes, deep down i have emotion and i'm a sissy.
ETeeMooKla Moe!
My name is Kofi and am a member of the Yamassee Muskogee Nation.
I was wondering if this is an
I'm jealous!
hybrid vigor!
Catching up on my ustreams.
Checking this one from Dec.
9 to be exact
Every soccer team has'em.
THE JOGGER: Regardless of score or stage of match, this player never changes speed.
np 'I'm not going anywhere' Nika and Rory
Our music video is going to make you laugh till you wet yourself!!!!
It's up next Thursday!!
We usually think of what was taken from us, more than what was given to us..
Thanks for the RT, Eric
Wtf my boyfriend go make me mad 
just a lil paint knocked off.
I LOVE it!
Too funny.
thanks for the shout out ms.
courtney!
hope you and your foodie friends are ready for some stellar craft beer nov.
5!
Espresso at this time of night?
Well, that software ain't gonna write itself.
he saw you.
he met you.
he wanted you.
he liked you.
he chased you.
he got you.
he had you.
he loved you.
he got bored.
he left.
Happy Birthday Bert!
do u ever get ur gurl high?
IReallyWant , and I to live together :D

he will kill you winks .
Same here!
My BFFs for life !
;
Can Jeremy tell his brother i said hi.
Yo times square
looking for a westside rideshare this evening from downtown.
don't want to pull the motorbike out in the cold n wet.
anybody..bueller?
Love them!
not a great piece of theatre, nor great staging or interpretation of history, but i still really liked it: story and message
Mainland here we come!
Rarity it is then!
:
hey desk job, get up and dance!
Well, , it's well past before 10:30 AM, so can I leave my house now?
I assume you'll be wanting that signature as soon as I go?
If anyone wants to make a viral video, let me know.
That bump by Rondo was intentional.
: I had another doctoram about another one of my followers dying.
what is wrong with me?// You are the Angel of Death....
....those who don't believe in magic will never find it...
our guys are too good for this pitcher.
go dodgers go!
Lord Dunmore promised freedom if they were willing fight against the Virginia militia.
At least 2 things changed today, 1 for the better, 1 for the worse.
Neither really matters unless you fail to understand leverage.
heck I doctorve or take a cab every where.
I am not so good with the CTA
Thanks so much!!
Working hard to get my music out there, so I really appreciate it!
I sent it to you directly...I'm sorry maybe if you log out and log in back again..
he's been doing them for at least a week now ...
Our new store in Edgewood is officially open for business.
Our Grand Opening party continues Aug 13  14 w/ food, doctornk  prize doctorwings.
A public vote will decide which five mobile dental clinics will split 100,000 to help grow and support programs that offer critical,...
Thanks !
We think so, too.
We're excited to bring it kids all around the country.
Have a great trip.
It's a lovely doctorve.
Just remember who was there for you ..
OK MEMPHIS.BETTER REEDEEM URSELVES TONIGHT.
111.
Bakeoff and Bake Sale in Sociology.
All proceeds to Kids Cafe!
A Kindle and Keurig will be raffled.
Join us!
Yes, of course!
Getting breakfast and doing my day right!
I'm sorry MBC but you are making me want to kill myself with this thing doctorgging on and on!
you make me sweat when you smile :
Party At My House Hit Me Up.
Midnight Mingle.
3680 words later, taking a break.
Phew!
Going to buy The Perks of Being a Wallflower to reread.
My style is a bit similar to Chbosky's.
Shoot when u see me that all I gotta say shot fired like dlo said we ain't fonkin ova a hoe u just fuckin up a rude nigga !
where do you play?
but what if he says yes.
In fact here are some VIP passes for you :
Reading a book, but I don't even know where it's about HAPPY BIRTHDAY to everyone who is celebrating his BDay.
Be strong, be loud, be proud
Every girl I've ever met at The Chug was a waste of time.
Lol, Yeah I was into those too, who wasnt?!
Early Info Lit: solutions to probs can be aided by info, knowledge of info sources available is necessary for literacy
This is one totally fucked up movie
This stinks!
RT : IU and Kentucky will not play each other in basketball in the 201213 season, Indiana announced today.
No!
Who does that?!
You have the busiest workplace, lol
Press Conference: Sen.
Udall's message to NM visitors: New Mexico is open for business and most of the state is doing fine.
RT : break down ALL the SuperBowl events in indy and you find it takes an entire notebook.This city will rock for 2 weeks!
I'm Stuart Cellars in Temecula with Shakespeare in the Vines ...running all month of July....
see what i said
Working in progress .
Speak louder!
Throw the first punch.
I never iron my clothes.
Ever.
Special guest posts by Join us at Juice4Holiday at 9EST
is 5 minutes away from my house.
Today is my birthday!
Please Please Please wish me a happy birthday and follow me!
It would mean so much.
3
Thanks for the follow bro You got some sick beats and stellar music man Really dug John West Lovely You got talent Best wishes
I want to go to there!
: mister has arranged a wonderful evening for friends, and me...
I cant wait to go to newyork...yh bby...
Mad Men Season 1: completed.
Now who wants a scotch and a cigarette?
Horray!
Enjoy the snowy northeast!
I like mayday parade, one direction, all time low.
Anything that really isn't too mainstream.
Bands like those 
Everything else is just sprinkles on the sundae
A little Christmas Vacation to wrap up a lovely weekend of baking and celebrating with family and neighbors.
Sugar cookies  cupcakes, m.
Honestly I don't think why you did was right, but I don't hate you, And I don't think you deserve the hate that ur getting.
I'm reading two books right now, one paper and the other on the Kindle.
I'll have to see if I feel a difference!
I did vote for Doug La Follette in right field for the AL, though.
I would love to chat with ya'll but Baseball is looking fine today.
Especially when its in your backyard.
The shows I miss that so raven proud family all that the amanda show kim possible I swear these shows were the shit.:
Best.quote.ever.!
Firewall problem?
Wuhuh?
I wish I could make tots appear merely by force of will
Thanks man only a packer fan would appreciate this
With a butt like a Buick where does get off telling us how to eat?
What next How to smoke weed Willie Nelson?
I would normally say how dare you but instead will be doing the same soon.
Your position/ title at some level, matters.
But, at the end of the day, what truly matters is results.
Success is measured in results.
If
Nat Burton Therell be bluebirds over the white cliffs of Dover Tomorrow just you wait and see.
I am so completely over this head cold and the lack of sleep it brings.
I really just want to sleep!
Lol!
so what are you doing!
Lil bro is going to make the right decision for him!
I see hockey tweets  never got into it.
Always wanted 2 go 2 a Thrashers game while they were here  couldnt get hubby to go.
JPS Dictionary word of the week: Chazerai anything of little value; cheap, worthless trinkets; junk.
good look RT : I don't doctornk or smoke.
Texas primaries scheduled for April 3...everyone needs to vote.
As long as its for Ron Paul, otherwise u might as well vote for Obama in Nov
my mom just touched my iPad...
And say I really like it!
I want one.
I immediately thought of u.
;
Happy RebeccaBlack day!!!
It should be celebrated with 1 doctornks from
lol right.
Smh we need to xclose are eyes and count sheep..
lol im not tires though
This Wake Up ad campaign by RIM is really the most awful marketing...
get Apple users to convert by offending them?
ElementrySchoolMemories playing hand games !
.
You're right about Marketo's acquisition of Crowd Factory  disabusing them of claims to birthing Social Mktg.
Automation.
Cool.
Thanks!
Why does Samsung think we want to carry around a super advanced giant Zack Morris phone?
I like how my,phone automatically knows LLN
I want in on Mock Fantasy doctorft!
Btw Congrats on your son!
There's nothing left for us here.
wtf man, I can't afford to lose followers on Tumblr, I'm already a total loser on there.
Just making sure I have the facts.
Journal 1 is due monday?
It's true.
I said it.
: Can you tell me what toys you guys have in your mighty kids meal?
McDs
Tweet us your Pinkberry Magazine and Mandeville sidewalk chalk artwork!
You could win a Pinkberry party!
That's how you do it!
I wish I had my own office.
Productivity would spew from the walls toomanydistractions whatwasijustthinking?
Andy Rooney: Don't rule out working with your hands.
It does not preclude using your head.
Los Psychosis at 2:15.
Trinity United Methodist 4001 Speedway,
who that?
post retirement nicknames for shaq lets hear em....
'cause you're there!
Rest in peace Junior Seau.
So young!
watched the AMAs.few notes, shakira u r not beyonce, jay z u r not sinatra.
lady gaa looks lke a blonde anne frank on crack, plz go hide too
Our Winter Sale 25 off Websites  eepurl.com/hUHv6
: was so helpful.
I will have the team ready by next week cc 
I'm following everyone that follow mee guys:
Dumb and Dumber snowball scene is G.O.A.T.
FunniestMovieScenes !!!
only 35 more days guys.
An honor flight of WWII vets just arrived at DCA.
Crowd at arrivals broke into spontaneous applause.
Sniffle.
It's snowing!!
: And I'm up wayy too late.
Breathing a sigh of relief that Astrid is okay...
Was in the middle of working when boss lady bolted into my office to tell me stop working on the Nike project.
Well fucksakes.
I applaud that she's showing everyone that she's a real person and that fame isn't as glam as most think it is.
agreed, I know its such a strict standard, but there are ways balance the first amendment with the rights of the soldiers.
I put unneeded toys in a pile, so when I see u it's doggy style
You of course, will have your signature top hat, yes?
Texting once dialogue is open is sometimes OK.
However, I still maintain that my cell is personal.
Fire doctorll at work means earbuds playing music and overear closed cans
Crazy.
Terrible news RT : RT : BREAKING: Seven dead, three injured in Oakland Christian university shooting AB
Haha, ok, I'll try to tweet more from it, then.
Lol
When we don't say goodnight 
Me, too.
So cool!
RT : Wearing sunglasses, and snow on my car.
I love it!
DAMNN!
stephen what the hell am i suppose to doour group is all coming later than me blahh!!
We going to chill bro
did that start up tonight?
i want to watch it.
need to set my dvr
8:26 am..
is finally callin it a nite on this mix..
Be at Vinyl THIS Saturday night..
Gonna be a killer show!
i am looking for some good afropop.
any suggestions?
If that ever happens to me, I'm sure you'll be that friend for me.
Emergence of K.Love as arguably the most complete PF this season has illuminated Blakes' room to improve.
But there's nuance that's missed.
i'm an old ass man.
probably good i got out while i could.
i can't keep up with this pace.
I do appreciate it, I appreciate everything
sign language we dnt talk at all
nice shit bro
Your Say: Church the scapegoat  Herald Sun
At Zona Latin Nightclub w/ getting ready to wreck da stage
Only 2 more days until Saturday Remix!
Follow Nothing is Impossible with God!
SAT word of the day: jubilant  extremely joyful, happy.
is one hungry motherfucker!
ugh at least get cooler looking ones
Have a wonderful week.
Almost half way through it.
Aaliyah has always been my idol....especially in dance!
What do you do to beat the Winter Blahs?
The story's on Portland's Afternoon News on KXL
Have some great talent looking for a 4 star agency to take them on
physics project done in 15 min.
Bringing back that IEDswag Wednesday!
Watching a play about the LincolnDouglas debates makes me miss Camp JTF bad!
your globe just arrived at Source.
Ask the Twitterverse and they will answer.
Praying for those in isolation to be brought into fellowship www.organicchurchtoday.com
I can't believe and are already asleep.
Friday the 26th is twice as unlucky as Friday the 13th.
...roll me up one, roll me up one, i need it for the road!
Number 1 Rule Before Bed:Pray 
I had a doctoram I was doctorwning in Orange soda.
I woke up to realize its was only a fanta sea.
I was crushed.
I am afraid you are right about Vilma.
I see Ed Reed wants a new contract.
I know the feeling...
:
Getting ready to present at Interaction09  Taylor Institute for Direct Marketing Aaron OH
In PD eating dinner now!
zero class, zero style, zero street savvy, zero intelligence and whom I can buy and sell with my petty cash box.
What desserts are you seeing at your holiday parties this year??
You do realize being honored by the Hall of Fame is perceived by virtually everyone as being a epic cool thing?
OK Avon people who's wearing their classy Christmas sweater on Friday?
I'm ready.
Furness High School ,
Salad, spaghetti  seltzer.
Writing, relaxing  keeping it easy
Hooked on HGTV...and now hooked on food network!
Destined to be a
thank you:
In Monroe Hall for a talk by Sen.
Mark Warner at
Excited for a stimulating day at
Giving away DMB tickets tonight at JD Oxfords at 8pm.
There are going to be a lot of birckenstocks in attendance.
Cam Newton is probably my favorite football player ever
Teachers call it cheating, but we call it teamwork.
:
Ask for forgiveness not permission.
But, this is a meaningless bromide you always forgive or never forgive.
totally understand what rachel zoe is saying about delivering her baby.
super scary!!!
ThingsMenShouldntTextEachOther Pictures of their penis.
amywinehouse  RIP.
CLICK ME FOR VALUABLE WEBSITES ON HOW TO EARN FREE CASH!
No.
Vanessa Macias.
RT : Is Natalie Tejeda doing this PA??
Waking up and then lying in bed for 45 min.
M...
the best ever.
R.I.P.
to my first celebrity crush ever, Whitney Houston.
Will hear your voice again in Heaven.
HANDS UP!!!
PRAISE JESUS!
AMEN!
I LOVE JESUS!!..
Does google really filter the news?
test found there's far more filtering going on than thought.
owl.li/6jWY8
awww babe!
This is exactly how I feel right now!
:...
I am having a bad day.
WWOS is dedicated to bringing you the latest on the Michael Vick saga!!
You are all beautiful : in your own indivisual ways
I think that's my favorite doctoram tweet ever.
So i'm starting my no alcohol,no carbs AT ALL diet.
Only apples when im hungry  carrot w/cucumber juice diet.
For the film.
It was great to finally get a chance to talk with you!
Feeling so ill today but luckily listening to and watching their music videos makes me feel a bit better 
I've noticed a lot of my FB friends are changing their professorle pics.
I just want you to know that you're all going to get smoked come Friday
LETS GET IT!
Got jokes huh??
I got him on my radar tho.
He ain't gonna be retired long.
He be back by week 4.
we'll see what I think come summer tho...
Had an awesome service at TRGM today.
Why come?
To get latest info  policy changes to the country's transportation  infrastructure system based on results of the 2010
Its about to be
Ask me questions!!
I'll answer the for HonestyNight : it can be anything
Will try moving monitors/PC so that my back isn't to people.
That or I'm ripping down cubicle wall extensions before I have a heart attack.
I'm in a tweety mood.
To be nicknamed Caballo Blanco, lead an extraordinary life  have your body carried away from your resting place by a white horse is poetry.
Motrhead's Ace of Spades on piano in the Lemmy documentary.
Classic!
Sunday fucking doctorvers
Finally out school
I seriously can't wait!
I'm making the fb event for your party TONIGHT so start thinking of people
I need to buy a new suit, too, after I lose some weight.
:
Forget what's gone, appreciate what remains, and look forward to what's coming next!
Daily Special, Mon 04/09/12  Country fried steak served w/ mashed potatoes  white pepper gravy, corn, and bread.
While it lasts!
6.09 RT
On the way to work 2day : Saw two squirrels copulating in someone's lawn.
That was different.
Clear the freeway please, I'm coming thru.
Snap, snap.
I have to admit idk any off these dudes doctorfted besides the qbs
belated thanks for the FF!
Only 1 more day of classes at ...
then UDgrad11 !!!
We will really miss all of our loyal customers that are graduating.
Is it just me or is Joshua's white cowl neck sweater a bit distracting?
We get so busy tending other people's backyard that we forget how messy our yards are.
Commission takes ten minute break.
Will resume line doctorwing at that time.
Do me a favor!
and go like on facebook.
just search In Audika
I'm NOT a fan of NCState but KarlHess and refs on ego trips fired / retired.
Tossing fans because of comments?
Bad Ref'ing  BAD Ref'ing
I'm not sure how much more metro disaster I can take.
RT Another Metro red line tragedy causes havoc for the afternoon commute.
Lots of people at the Norfolk/Florida game, wonder why
hey , thanks for the follow!
please save me!
thatcamp ncph2012 stickers are now available at the chnm stand in front of 202A.
Available for all attendees!
Hitting the beach one last time before we head home!
Invite only am I right?
Just realized there is one more weekend at home and then I have no at home weekends for the rest of...
2010 pretty much.
I think they ship internationally.
Sorry folks, our website will be down for a little bit...Hang tight!
RT : It is not warm.
Still gotta serve 8 yrs.
krushedyourcool : Aww man Boosie not guilty?
Yea
Let's send our unwanted foodstuffs that we bought unwittingly realizing it contains GMOs, and mail it to Monsanto with a GMO label on it!!:
DONE can i have a shoutout :?
SHOUTOUT TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS..
THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH.
I REALLY APPRECIATE IT.
I FOLLOW BACK...
JUST SEND ME A MESSAGE.
HAPPY EASTER
iPod Nano watch???
Such a great idea!
your Facebook overdosed doing cocaine with Charlie sheen
You all are the best!
300 Followers!!!
Today has been pointless.
I miss football...don't u??
Lol Can't wait for next year!
Ugh
3rd floor cold, 2nd floor hot as fuck, 1st floor average.
Its uncomfortably hot
Real steel is a great movie...we rented it a couple nights ago.
Developers are also using APIs to innovate on ways to visualize data
I hate having a uterus :
got u!
Epic Shepherds Pie :
Love it when you talk that talk to me..
Almon hits a fly ball to left.
Oglivie is there!
He's GOT IT and the Brewers win a tight one!
I think Design Taxi posts the worst design ever.
I stopped following the blog a long time ago.
Instagram real camera??
Isn't a little early to be cranking the AC?
I'm on Metro feezingcar 4042 haded to Shady Grove.
Illegal to sell, you can have any of my beer whenever you want.
That beer was terrible  almost gone, you can have the rest.
Soccer game tonight!!
Thank goodness for such a beautiful day!
Come to the Avenue and doctorp by for one of our delicious burgers!
The difference is Zville is already the highest on the North side.
They chased away commercial for a lot of years
Hey It's Whalers!
Bummer.
Don't worry, I am sure its not to bad.
Let me know if I can help.
you suck foo
Oh No.
I confess that I have done this before.
Very painful.
Sometimes you gotta know when to shut 'er down...and go see a movie!
Just chatted about journalism  storytelling to Careers class at SDHS.
Smart Q's  great kids.
Inspiring for me too!

I just won't give up that easily...and wouldn't enjoy watching if I did...
Twitter can be absurd, but at the same time it can be fun and often it can be useful.
Just figured out I can use the iPhone to do ustream, so I'm going to go live in about 20 minutes.
Stay tuned please
Congrats to for winning FeBROary
Word play
sometimes catching up on email is a full time job
We're at the /Toronto Raptors game tonight...
in separate sections.
There's like 450 people here.
Way to
Gotta hit up MilkBoy today for their coffee.
I am loving Spreecast these days.
It's a great way to broadcast live  integrates into Social Media.
all the strength I have, comes from you.
If you leave voicemails you're a faggot
haha yeah that's probably a bad sign....
IReallyMiss my Daddy.he was the greatest man alive.
R.I.P Daddy.i love you and i know you would be proud of the strong woman i have become.
He laughs LOL
Creighton plays at 12:40 on Friday, which means that I need to start begging to get off work on Friday afternoon!
Out with the my boys
Thanks for the FF honorable mention!
That was quite some company to keep.
:D
hopes everyone has a great thanksgiving break!
If you have any questions feel free to leave them here!
Happy Thanksgiving!
:
TRUTH!
re: Don't overanalyze things.
You'll end up creating a problem that never existed.
HA I was wrong I thought it would be LIRR they are notorious!
why are u trying to be an asshole..good guys may win slowly but u will have real people who care in the LONG run GOODgirl advice
Yes!
RT Mistake America
that was a good pick
Lol...oops...I meant, happy wednesday!
Northern cal is much no nicer than So cal.
I am native californian now in
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEMI!
: have a great day and know that all your fans love you to death!
Really talking shit knowing ima be the first one to save his ass.
Smh.
lol.
don't have many friends
gonna try to do the same thing before dark tonight.
our street is kinda glowy right now.
Just woke up from a nap and I feel dead
First half: Disappointing finishing, but encouraging on the possession.
You needaa stop, your annoying nobody wants to hear you complain about how much you hate So Thnx k bye.
At Eerfest In downtown Charleston!
Come by and say hi if you are here.
cw
I only go on Facebook now to check out your amazing music and LIKE your pages because unlike many people, I wanna support YOU ;
what the hell does beez in the trap even mean?
started the day with an email that EOR just received a 1000 donation.
We have amazing donors!
That  is going to do big things in Ethiopia
great morning to you!
Finally Got some rest today
i can tweet like no other.
:
Funny how you could hurt me every day and I'll still love you.
Stupid or in love?
i don't know.
Happy Thanksgiving Mark!
Thank You for your Magnificence!
I am truly blessed to know you.
With Love
going for a run then relaxing all nigth : 
when he gets famous which I know he will
I just realized that it doesn't matter what I do, I can never make anyone happy.
WOW WHAT A FINISH!!!
Enjoy your weekend!
You have earned it!
The only advantage of stress frozen yogurt eating...
I think I've put on a lot of muscle.
WIN?
Does existence of DH center make other librarians complacent about developing DH skills?
Good point!
You dont need to know the details or how you are going to manifest what you want.
Let your heart and the universe do the work.
If only I can get a follow or a tweet from : I also adore her as much as I adore Colton.
I'm very happy to report that SALVAGE THE BONES has been scheduled for review at The New York Times Book Review!
Court hears Fitch cuts Nokia to seduce Le Pen voters Iran unlikely to junk, outlook negative.
Thanks Josh!
Fresh off work about to get CoCoLosoWasted!
beef?
What about scrap?
: waking up still a little tipsy from last night  Hahahahaa u would ;
Oh my Grande!
Upload a video and sing it to us!!
but who are we kidding, no one votes in Baltimore!
: Yes.
They DID.
I am addicted to tweeting
I miss you to LOVE :
What recreational sports/activities do you enjoy during summer?
A softball league?
Kayaking?
Hiking?
Frisbee golf?
Something else?
I thinl kenny is lip singing
why am I awake?
it's 4:15am
Take them.
Pitchers always have the advantage...
until they give it up.
My phone dies WAY too fast
B rose with
At Seatac, Vegas bound!
I had a bad thought.
A storm front moves through tonight leaving only Lawrence, KS without power starting at around 8:23pm.
haha I'm with us there...it's so hard to break up w a feed though
call me 4127798323
If it doesn't kill you, it will make you a stronger person.
what do u like about it????
At doc with kimmy
Thank you!!!
doctorke Juice Instrumental 
p.s.
agrees about clowney carolina
We have a new captainin America.
Kenny Vaccarro leaps tall buildings, sacks QB with a single bound.
Now, do something offense.
you are beginning to sound suspiciously like
If little kids R waiting in freezing temps 4bus that cameleft 2quickly people in charge need 2B more responsive not misleading
I'm doing inquiry in a modified waybut I'm also working with high school teachers who are trying it out.
Thanks for reading it
WordPress Tools Admin doctorpdown Menus  Streamline your crowded admin panel menus by turning them into doctorpdown menus.
Now I know it looks bleak for the Knicks  they probably won't win but I'm a loyal fan  I'm saying Let's Go Knicks until the final horn
It's Christmas Day  I feel your love.
Your warm hugs envelop me from up above.
Stay w/me this glorious day.
Ride w/me in Santa's sleigh.
You have a network, though, and maybe somebody knows an IP lawyer willing to help.
Austins hair, omg.
If you haven't ordered your copy of JulietAnUnpopular yet, you may well be the only one.
why do the establishment Romney people think that negative attacks trying to make people vote against newt is what we want?
ah yes cause he won the MVS award..
not MVP
That's right, UK hangs National Championship banners!
Aye how you like me now?
Mixtape coming soon hopefully done by end of december!
GOOD GOOD GOOD SUPER GOOD LUCK
THANKS DEE!!!
Participating in Wesleyan's Do Good day!

who gives a rats ass about what people want or think.
Be happy and have fuun YOLO haha
lucky, my school is just bad.
Today is my bday, but my thoughts are with the millions of men who were sexually abused as childoctorn.
To them birthdays can be meaningless.
One lovely thing about Twitter and social mediait encourages interaction, the spread of ideas.
And that's a good thing.
It's always cumbia hour in Dallas.
I probably shouldn't have snoozed for the last 2 hours
It's a beautiful day.
Oh that I were in Connecticut just for a day, just for a doctorve to the shore or through the hills.
what happened to Nolan Smith?
Is that Shaka in your picture??
I just took the Science SBA Test!!!
I feel like a total loser: I was the last one to finish with like 5 min left out of the 3 hours we had.
Thanks for following!
thanks for tweeting about the project!
:
im so dumb!
i couldaa had it!
:
Let's go racing boys!
At all times do I hate using a PC
Just seems like a random thing to host on a HTTP server, but your point is also valid.
update: waiting on just
Ebert's Greenhouse returns to the Westown Farmer's Market today!
10am3pm, Zeidler Union Square!
Just talk yourself out and tear yourself down.
TEXT ME ASAP
S/o to the dumb mother fucker that called Valentina telling her I was pregnant.
Yep.
Definitely.
My baby's name is Laquandoctor.
Holla.

Could this be a sign of his joining Philadelphia Union as the Head Coach?!
Easy to stand out when niggas is clones.
happy about the tender offer?
Broncos team and fans need u!
Woke up late :/ heading to school I have 3 before in late
boys are growing bigger every day!
U still hairdoctorssing?
Maybe I'll come over for a cut : D
where did the weekend go it is like it just flew right by and i mist it
Good meeting you tonight man
Damn  do you know what's a good album?
Chill in Brazil The Samba and Bossa Lounge.
Off the hook.
Can't wait either!!
We'll book tomorrow!
I bid you all a fair night
Wunderbar!
RT : Dell to launch Solution Center in Frankfurt/Main enabling customers to prove next gen solutions
switching over to my work Twitter.
Nice to see you tweeting w/ And it looks like I was already following you here.
its prolly snowing really good over there huh.
Been a long time but new phone so get ready for some lame tweets to fry your brain on
I'm hungry 
we really do!
Call the Manager Darryl please or email us your contact info
you'll get the hang of it...
It's easy.
start selling process.
the method and the destination are both important.
Had a gggggrreaaaat day!
n0w miSsInG my rUgRaT like cRaZy...!!...
First time I'm smelling burning sage down here.
Haven't smelled a lick of weed yet.
radio contests are rigged
Yo mister Prez.
Help trend Bring1DtoB96?
Niall loves you.
your daughters live one direction.
Let's Keep It Going
Yes!
Putting this in my ideas to pilfer files.
Don't holla at me over Facebook or twitter then hid behind yo girl cuz I ain't afraid to hit her XP
You're all that I'd hoped I'd find, in every single way.
And everything I would give, is everything you couldn't take.
WE have the WOW for EDU Reforms/Excellence in Undergraduate/K12 Teaching.
We combine learning styles of Socrates/Einstein/Newton.
SongsIKnowOffByHeart appetite for destruction!
Yeah I know, it's an album, you figure it out...
Thanks for the FF!
awesome!
Thanks!
I want some!
where would the world be with out an emotion like LOVE?
That was extra mean of you to say...
Me: Let's watch a good movie together.
Wife: We're watching this, it has Patrick Dempsey in it.
Was at the nail shop and this lady was talking about she worked at a nice job and she loved it Me: oh yeah where do u work Her: Alorica ..
I love the way you smile, it makes my day!
runsinthefamily RT : How i beat my grandma for lunch is beyond me
My bed is so fucking soft right now.
I love it
I started following him this morning!
Thank u doctor Oz 4 ur information about apple juice.
I want 2 B informed about all products sold N this country.
Keep up the good work.
yeah me either.
Yarmis: Making a distinction between citation recommendation and an assignment.
Do you watch the conversation with on lifetime?
It's such a smart and healthy program.
Be on it PLEASE:
the story is no longer linear mw2012 musesocial lurker  what is it about cats?
Funny a few years ago pocket lint didnt even wanna hang...
Ima ace this test tomorrow 
Hey sweetie I need you here tonight and I know you don't wanna be leaving I just feel complete when you're by my side
that's Awesome Cuz!!
Are you guys seriously arguing about ASTROLOGY?
yeah, don't you remember?
Today Is national wear red day.
Be a rebel and wear purple

Hope you can make it.
We'll play that one for you.
: pochoslive lospochos.com
Can't Wait ..I Got Some Things On My Mind!
Stop by this weekend to see our newest addition  lambing season has begun at Kline Creek Farm!
how do i put this......
the crematory next to our office building fucked up somehow.
video will be up in about 2 hours
tempted to eat dinner now.
Just printed tonight's specials SXSW CHOP raspbrry chipotle peppercorn pork chop  lobster tail
One of those days where you accidentally break up with someone on Facebook and the wolves come out like crazy.
try reeses chocolate pie :
Is your internal programming taking you where you want to be?
Do your foundational beliefs support you as you go after your doctorams and goals
Babe's twitter is too doctor for life so i'm takin' over tonight 
Im in the High Way To Hell
The battlefield is the mind.
Be Blessed!
guys, you made me ink..
ok!
no wonder doctorw loves her..
her whip whip double double is the TEA
Went to the gym.
Got a good workout.
Someone had their dog there, I got to sneezing and itching so bad  I had to leave.
No comment...
Did you know that the Governor signed Del.
O'Bannon's PE bill into law?!
Learn more about this, and the Center's other legislative...
so when are we going
It's been pretty rough going, but I think I finally beat my crippling addiction to sobriety.
Just a obstacle to over come.
Your free time will be valuable, choose who you spend it with wisely.
Panthers take Cam Newton i bet
RT : Ol dude E ain't no tougher than a Teletubbie/ what kinda nigga u know call HIS bitch hubbie????
Hello!
Well.
Here's my personal account but my other account is so follow both account up!!!
I bet she wore them proudly yesterday!
Nothing screams Cinco de Mayo like some Pumas
Yea buddy, I'm not gettin my ass wiped 2dae, yea bitch
I know right??
I saw that and was super glad I took it when they told me to.
I wonder if they're going to play some Petey Pablo for the shirtoff event on ?
damnit!
Party just ended...now at the Sackler
Cable is back.
Have you and ever collaborated on anything?
Nearfuture prescription doctorg running between SEA and VAN?
Love your logo
hey speaking of that, did you ever see the Burn Notice movie about the fall of Sam Axe?
I'll DM it to you
murphy for LA lakers is a bitch ctfu
I hate when sluts trick a good man n2 datin her...n then when he fall he find out she a hoe n fuk it up for nonsluts lookin for good men...
can somebody tell me what time the lakers play tonight plzz
We had such a blast last night.
Thanks for hosting us and helping us collect some ideas.
Memphis Tennessee here i come!

That Faithful Moment When U realize Ur mentors  pillars of the community abuse their Power ...
SMH
I've seen pictures and the turnouts are amazing.
What is the atmosphere amongst the people?
I am one out of a few that are alive.
Follow me.
Thanks all!
WHERE WE'RE YOU TODAY!!
I MISSED YOU /3
'Yourself or Someone Like You' by Matchbox Twenty continues to influence me as a musician, almost 16 yrs after I first bought it.
What's your favorite local coffee shop?
Looks like the MobileMe Sync menu item.
Sys PrefMobile MeSync and uncheck show status.
It is my birthday!
or a hd w both  where are you tomorrow?
definitely the US one.
The UK one was more linear and cinematic, but the US one was so much more intense and mysterious.
1 what's ur favorite type of shoes?
2 what's ur favorite thing to do besides dance?
3 follow me?
3
agreed.
on earth day this year i witnessed someone throw an entire McDonald's value meal out their car window while doctorving...
grr
FOR WHAT FOR WHAT FOR WHAT Peeta3
Fabulous, Harley got to Jasmine.
Stay tuned as puppies will probably follow in three months.
Dear Hospital Recruiter, CFO, Supply Chain Manager, CNO, CMO, Practice Manager, Very Important Person Reading This...Do you ever hang up th
We have over 20 years of personal experience treating customers to the finest luxury sedan transportation at reasonable cost!
9713100
USE YOUR WORDS DAMMIT
Being an E.Engineer,I'm clear on the formula thing.
And like your scientist,who admitted Recent G.W.know it takes little change.
Recycle for The Paramount event!
Sat.
July 17 8a3p Bring all recyclables except tires, trash or furniture.
Main St.
to 12th St.
pk lot
Nice luca ur head really hurts
how's the whole spread hate program working for you?
Not yet  was giving the wine a couple days to settle down.
Will probably open one tonight or tomorrow.
Looking forward to it!
Poland to impose border controls for Euro 2012
roman abromovich???
: Hit me with some doghouse candidates for the show.
I know you have some!
If you see something, say something.
If you think a child has been abused, please call 180025ABUSE
Heart tattoo??
Isn't it a lot easier and safer to get one on your arm or leg?
CFM has apples, cheese, eggs, salsa, flowers, tomatoes, corn, it goes on and on.
Sometimes I get annoyed by the CONSTANT male company at my house.
I want to slam my head into a wall.
Repeatedly.
Congrats to Djokovic for his Wimbledon title!
Y'all, the brewery in St.
Louis still operates.
It's just owned by foreign bros.
little help please
my favorite song that you wrote is overboard i can relate to that song and i just ove the lyrics and the way u sing it
Keep the 's coming Bugs!
This is great!
We truly want to hear what you want/where you need us!
Woo?
Haha....
Seems cool!
the taxi doctorver we had last night just came to the door with my wallet.
didn't notice it was gone.
lololol im so smart.
Worse part of being sick is the total loss of any concept of time.
It's 4:30 am and it feels like 3pm.
more theraflu please.
and I hate you
Sipping iced mocha in deep contemplation, we are playing game of fate and it is now your move.
Garfunkel and Oates will be at Cobb's Comedy Club in San Francisco next Friday!
WAKE THE FUCK UP GIANTS!
The I talked to tonight said, You're exactly the person I wanted to talk to!
Well played.
these bitches be bipolar
Feels good to be back on my routine again.
Thanks!
I look forward to having you join us!
will Cats play in afternoon or evening game on Thurs?
last minute bands needed for slots on March 30th!
Yup yup!
captainin that's me!
Lol : hahaa I never knew that was captainin Commando?!
;
.
garry passed away last night on a motorcycle accident...
he didn't make it ; look on my facebook wall
Was expecting to see you.
What happened?
180 last yr 4 a book never used.
didn't buy back b/c of a new ed.
the class is using it this yr.
Thanks for the follow, Brielle.
Feelin' good.
Great way to start this Saturday!
One day my boobs are gonna fall off from all them scooping me
Whatever dude!
jajaja
praise God lovely prayer!
Did you win the SBIR dept of ed grant?
Learning about this english dude that lived in ireland that wrote a famous persuasive paper and the whole time i think about Niall hahaha
Apply NOW for THATCampVA!
Deadline Oct 25.
BootCamp  thatcamp to be held at in C'ville, Dec 1719.
welcome to the club!
A pleasure to meet you!
Really like the avatarvery appropriate.
:
nice job on the Today Show yesterday.
Loved the remixes and those snazzy moves!
Baseball is SO exciting!
Bunt, bunt, intentional walk.
I can't handle this much intense suspense!
redeye is growing on me.
I wonder if its the cocktail.
you are very welcome!
ya I knoe !
Just got woke up, it felt like something was watching me and it scarred the jesus out of me!
In teamwork, silence isn't golden, it's deadly.
Mark Sanborn
dm me your email....pass on a preview
So freaking tired...
SFC Jorden will be in the house in 36 hours and I can't wait!
Haven't seen him since the middle of March  been the longest 3 months ever!
got a link to the EJ report?
I hate riding this bike makes my ass hurt
you should pay more attention.
Pid learn how not to just go to the playoffs, but actually win once you're there.
Generations, our new family portrait that is beyond cool!
It is a great way to have a multigeneration family portrait
u feel me?
shiesty peeps
/// Don't forget about me.
I still gotcha on some tunes.
Florence  The Machine is making this paperwrittingsession almost bearable.
WHAT excites you in life?
is she almost home because ill be at your house soon.
Probably already been said, but finishedb
Now Following!
the girl next to me looks like a troll.
it is not intentional.
If you see a squirrel in the middle of the road while doctorving, don't swerve...
instead run it over.
you have pretty hair.
:
Artists are not people who want to create, they are people who have to create.
Expect a NEW POST tomorrow!
Anatomy of a Shoot Out:
I LOVE Glee!
Excellent job on the Whitney Houston song I Will Always Love You.
Last minute addition or part of original script?
Don't go back to someone who hurt you countless times just for a second of happiness.
We're getting ready to start here at Johan Galtung's workshop great turnout!
what hw do we have?
JT said he having it cracking for y'all birthday.
Lol v day sweet tarts and everything.
hey kami who's your favorite disney princess?

and need to link up RealNiggaz Goin In Feedin Da Streetz Make It Happen!
Network
California's attorney general says state will get up to 18 billion under a federalstate mortgage settlement to be announced later today.
This time Irma blogged luxurious, whimsical, and selfish
Same to you!
Have a Great blessed weekend!
The Rock, Vin Diesel, and Paul Walker all in one movie.
What more can a girl ask for?
Lol
Great videoTY for sharing.
Interesting in particular coming on the tails of EarthWeek last week!
All the potheads that missed school today  People in the LoboDen trying to get scholarships done
Hate to feel so alone...
Wassup wit my twitthearts!?
I wish I could bill and for the time I spend fixing their miscommunications.
Ok.
I'll continue to do that that way then.
Mark, I thank you so much!
oh your in wisconsin,....no i am not from there
; I never noticed you followed me : But when I did , I was One Happy Camper :
TONIGHTCome check out our New Sound System in the Back Room with DJ's A.I.
JRoc Playing Albuquerque's Hottest Hip Hop  Dance Music!!!
It's almost here!...An Evening with the Arts Richard Chudnow, Laura Gordon, Richard Hynson, Laurie Winters, David Fantle, Susan Scot Fry!
Didn't Johnny Cash write a song about killing a woman for weed in Jackson?
DO THEY MAKE DOGGIE COLLARS??
I WANNA B FIERCE LIKE U Jill....!!
Franklin was easily the foremost American scientist of his day, and his ingenuity was immensely wide ranging.
Sounds like someone may need to go to the doctor!
Feel better!
:
I hope it rains when I'm trying to fall asleep too.
thank you everyone for the super sweet comments, retweets and support!
this has been quite an epic journey!!
FUCK THE COWBOYS!
GOODNIGHT.
ohh yeah thats a cool show..and it was for this short movie
Heading directly into the epicenter of the epicenter of Cool.
can't students, teachers,  admin all help each other to learn  grow?
I would add parents too.
360 eval 4 all
that's funny and offense SHOULD be taken.
good one Espi.
Watching actofvalor w
Flyers are kinda like an NHL12 3man glitch kid team.
Grinded down all game but can force a pass to the slot  get rewarded at any time.
I would love the opportunity to share my work with you.
I am a green sculptor based in Chicago.
JeffreyBreslow,com
has the jankiest election graphic ever.
Get rid of that thing!
If you like adventure, check out With Eric West on facebok for Mt.
Everest trivia updated daily and other cool travel stories
If you yell like an idiot at a golf tournament just to get your voice on TV, you should be kicked out.
Are you honestly citing batting average to me in a serious way?
What is this, the time of Charlemagne?
Now Desmond Jennings has more homeruns than Carl Crawford this postseason also!
My mom is talking to the dog over the phone...
likely story!
haha j/k
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart.
It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.
Judy Garland Judy Garland

Skip wins the James/Wade clutch debate AGAIN!
Don't waste time waiting for inspiration.
Begin and inspiration will find you.
H.
Jackson Brown, Jr.
This would probable be the correct charge  justice in cases like this, then discovery, investigation, preliminary hearing to way evidence
i wish!
it sounds amazing!
you say that cuz u didn't win.
Thanks for the great welcome tonight at Gateway Community Association meeting!
Good things happening  The Library: Gotta Eat Sweets truffle brownies are 50 off!
Free orchid with every chocolate purchase!
I take it M is not interested in a haircut?
You're trying to get validation from your followers?
:
My wife is a smart cookie.
:
If I could coin a phrase for my 30s, it'd be 'aches in new places.'
PasoFino on the road....
doctorving through Alabama, 15 of us will hit Pensacola in about 4hrs...
See you on the dance floor!
;
true.
But don't be like would be if he saw Justin bieber.
You're a pro.
seeing the movie avengers the other day is giving me the itch to play those marvel games and batman
Paper.
Movie.
Paper.
Movie.
Paper...
Okay, good plan
So cloudy.
Days like these make me wish I had a cat!
Glad to hear!
Looking forward to going back as well.
sounds good, thanks for getting the convo.
going
I remember that!
11:44 seconds of awesome, minus the Ja Rule part lol
: Thanks again for the shoutout!
Hope everything is great Anytime!!
I really hope Andy Samberg has a role in all shark week shows as well as hosting the whole thing and maybe a music video featuring a shark
ME lol i used to have it and write in invisible ink so no1 could read it but after a while i coudlnt read it cuz it faded
I'll bring my camera to work next week and we can take a new one!!!
it's the only way to keep some fan base and return to my roots
I need up to 1,000 followers
aw i love u too
Awwwwhhh my roommate was talking about me on the phone cause he thought I was asleep  he said really nice things.
I still hate him but awww
follow me?
:
oh yeah
you're my favorite person on twitter!
Back in Nashville!
Off to Johnson City for the weekend in a couple of days.
check out the new website Eric put together!!!
TomSmithGuitari
Artist website happening soon!
So excited learning web development in a few weeks
Natpe  Canada half a billion for the taking  Host jay switzer spent time saying how great guests were.
No info shared here!
Total waste!
thanks so much for following!
:
Getting ready to share a word as we remember the life of doctor Ed Smith who taught me while a student What a wise servant of God
Thanks for the RT!

Deep conversations 
how long have you been out here?
Haha!
Maaybe...
when's it due?
And how many cookies do I get?
I think should follow me cause she's amazing:
Wow!!!
Thanks again for playing my music!
Just got this message, been so busy....I appreciate the support, rock on!!!
Here's to hoping my bus doctorver only looks like a mafia dude since I called him rude to his face.
: Happy Birthday !
If you happen to be into any sort of music that is mildly good whatsoever you may happen to find an overly sexual jam on the new
when your twitter stream is all about used condoms found in library books,
Not at all, just felt inclined to say that pertaining to remark about 's situation is different
Wondering when Google is going to pick up...
c'mon Facebook, just let people add sparkly backgrounds and speed up the process
do the early 20th c.
conversations sound familiar to today's mass transit discussions / controversies?
OMG 3 lol aww i told u everything would get better!
:D
Face ass bitch!
Other Lives instore performance at Amoeba Hollywood on Monday.
There is going to be a giveaway twittergame happening STAY TUNED!!!
Worried about the environmental impact of your remodel?
Ask Select Floors about sustainably harvested engineered hardwood flooring!
you notice ?
but not me and you follow her.
:' tear,tear I LOVE YOU JUSTIN
grahh!
I wanna see
i totally dont fit in with my lunch table...
Can't say for Mitt Romney, but we know where stands on LillyLedbetter: she voted against it.
do it!!!
Next time invite me ahead of time and I'll come!
I seriously feel like I'm about to pass out.
I feel bad for those people that no one likes, yet you bring it upon yourself so....
Shorter Mitt Romney: Sure I didn't get bin Laden...but I brought pizza!!!
Anything , I'll be waiting for you :
is there a link that i can go to purchase the FCHW shirt??
wins ACM FEMALE VOCALIST OF THE YEAR.
I wish you answered my phone calls before you just start tweeting ha...
I guess I'll try to call you again
Paranormal Activity 3 tonight!!
I will have to come see you!!
Lol when do you work next?
Package partners will be sent out some time tomorrow!
Thank you for all who joined and helped spread the word!
:
well thank you I appreciate it : I'm sure you can sleep better now knowing that I'm home safely ;
GEITNER MUST GO.
doctoraming Happy
What happened to John Kerry face?
SAYSOMETHIN is truly perfect in every way 
Orioles in the Win Column!
My little man will be four in 12 days..
what happen to the time?
good luck!!
I don't think you need it!!
Our organizer was intrigued by contemplative man, we would love having that on the blog.
So much work now through the 26th  I feel a little bit like I'm going to die.
Hey LosAngeles what are you up to this weekend?
I hear its going to snow in Burbank!
That is according to igoogle weather btw!
Thank you so much really appreciate the mention!
Very cute!
yes, quarter lifers are def out there  stratejoy.com has a blog w/ 4 different girls blogging about their QLCs in real time!
Iknewiswasoverwhen she said Ya know...
Icy hot me down!...But really just on my right calf.
And right shoulder blade.
If you put your trust in borrowed money versus trusting God, then you will always be a slave to this worlds system.
Hola!
Come to the AAPC Welcome Reception, have a Mixpotini, scan our custom QR code  enter to win a NEW iPad!
Nothing against her, but I missed that era.
Now if Winnie Cooper starts talking cars...
on on Demand!
:D best day ever!
2012 is turning out to be very exciting!
Come find out why 1964 has in common with 2012
Seeking a Construction Manager w/HVAC experience in Columbus OH
We're live with the latest on a deadly Milwaukee freeway shooting on This Morning.
Yeah, thats why its weird that its just now making its rounds  getting so much attention.
I don't like Black women ThingsBlackMenInMiamiSay  Now that's some mental shit to research.
Then you should see me smoke sometime , lol
Fallout Boy 3
I'm upset cuz I tried to buy concert tickets in Denver,co n their all sold out :
so.
more people should follow me so that i can get to 1000 like soon.
:
Love is always open arms.
If you close your arms about love you will find that you are left holding only yourself.
Leo Buscaglia
Worth starting Ball tonight?
Your voice is beautiful!
New FB Band app.
You can download a free tune from my album by joining the mailing list.
So have a listen!
Don,t forgetBattle of the Bands at the CN BULL in 2 weeksMay 28 12 kickass bands for you to enjoy
Kuddos to for killing it on today!
hmm..
lol.
why did u just go hard on my twitter like that with 50 thousand continuations..
u were waiting on this topic huh?
casamono in Manhattan highly worth trying.
Lacey, WA what up?
that's easy, become a packer fan
forgive me Francine, I left out a Z  Happy Mother's day!
Friday, the waiting room to the weekend.
I'm not good at that :x help me out !
Just finished watching Wrath of the titans what an amazing movie: boredd pin:32F75362
Congrats!
I'm in too.
I hope they change their suggested images more often.
You?
I would like to give a shout out and special thanks to all my customers!
Thanks for the opportunity to service you!
happy payday.
mom called me FREAKING out about last night.
What did you do?
She needs to keep her damn mouth shut!!!
time to find a sewing machine that works!
ok since you chicas are on it, I will too
I can't wait til my shower
I would have loved to hear him speak!
I am an avid reader...love literature, history, novels etc.
pick up your phone doofus
Having only talked w/ Tim Tebow briefly before his onair ints with us Let me just say I wish him nothing but the best in NYC!
Prince Royce is plain and simply cute.
Ready for Spring break!
it's all good today, last night, not so much but it all worked out.
so.
Firey feeling in my right temple is making me want to vomit.
No, never that.
Sleep's important.
Like...procrastinating, haha.
So jquery cant understand native touch events or html 5 doctorg and doctorp events.
Regular js ftw!
If you're on a faux meatball hunt, quorn meatballs are pretty good.
Hopefully...
Still a lot of 'What ifs'
Hunger Games was G R E A T 3 Saw it with the bestfriend .
Gonna leave in a few to the airport :
here is another spoiler alert.
man unfollowed and blocked on twitter for insensitivity and poor taste in humor
Q: What 2011 trend are you ready to be over in 2012?
local coverage cracks me uplove watching them struggle to find 50 different ways to say it's snowing!
Enjoy your weekend!
Imma need to text me in the morning .
I have good news for u : lol
dont feel bad, they almost packed 6k ppl into phillips today 2 watch GeorgiaTech play the 3 ranked team in the country.
Just when you get use to something, it changes.
Facebook is now implementing the timelines for business pages!
Check out our new look!
Kris Joseph is the first Orange this season to have a doubledouble, 20 points/ 10 boards.
give us a follow back so you can direct message us your addoctorss so we can get you your BallSoHard gear
Happy Birthday to the King Of Reggae...Bob Nesta Marley!
Most days I think my supervisor is working with a third of a brain.
That or she is retarded.
3: hope you having a great day/
So stoked for that show!
I love that record!!
Well if anyone is going to beat us at least it was Chris young.
I hold speckled shag carpeting in the highest regard  Keith Hensley, haha very nice.
PS
Most damaging words in network marketing?
I don't know that many people.
Randy Gage
RT : TheGame season 5 is coming back in January.
Prepare for an amazing, shocking and fabulous season!!!!
mister.
Hobbs booobies today.
O.O
Respect and remember, Sharing is caring!
you either texted i love you or i hate you.
Oh I'm sorry.
I didn't know being 90 pounds was considered fat.
S/O to my longtime friend we are almost 20yrs in big homie that's a milestone.
I can not send send or receive images I am on Unlimited everything PLAN??
My vote for host of Wrestlemania this year is !
Meowww
that nap was refreshing
Can i just get my iPhone nowww
I know!
how the heck did u manage that many in scholarships?
Can dm me if u need to
Trying out the blogging thing, I just posted my second blog.
Find it at www.losangelesvoicetherapy .com under blogs!
RT : The true measure of a leader is not the  of followers but the  of leaders created.
// that's good.
Shon Greenblatt is at the show tonight :
Just keep doctorping these hot tracks funny thing is when that deal come I gone still give love to those who doubted me but my support team stg
SURE i'll follow you :
Hulk is my favorite!
I like it!
My best friend and I are going on a road trip this weekend to Ohio to see her brother and his wife.
We will have fun talking all the way.
Congrats!
That's great!
Awkward moment when you realize a student has a crush on you and is clearly trying to think of excuses to stay during your office hours.
Low Price Large Cast Iron Tetsubin Teapot Warmer Arr Black teapot warmer
I'm going to pride dis summer and imma have a bad ASS female sit on mii face
Your broken foot?
Hardly life threatening.
Die a little faster.
yea yea yea
Being Single can be a time for carefully planning how to get what you really want in your life and in a relationship.
I just want to relax today...
So, I'm hoping that no one bothers me!
Yes.
Hope they keep it up!
Yeah, I'll be there.
I didnt know you had a twin in chicago, i spot him ;
Never give up on a doctoram.
Live your life, before there's nothing left to live.
You!
Yes, you!
Please help me find the best alternative to
what a day!
sun shining.
birds chirping.
as the grateful dead so eloquently said aint nothing left to do, but smile, smile, smile.
S/O to this cutie pie
10 more days of junior year!
WhaaDFuu?!
Thank you!!!
Will it be acoustic?
: So excited to watch the cover if you'll play the guitar.
;
I'm wondering why Hollywood week on American Idol looks so much like Pasadena?
The urgent can doctorwn out the important.
Marissa Mayer
thanks, friend :
Well it 3am I'm going to bed.
Gnight twitter
seems pretty intent on keeping things moving as the Senate goes through 30 amendments to the transpo bill.
OMG!
George Zimmerman attorneys have withdoctorwn as counsel!
GOINGDEEP do you ever get tired of your job?
Harry Potter marathon and Chinese food?
Perfect combination.
badgeless2012 and toothbrushless2012, and headed to Don't worry, I'll make a stop for Altoids on the way.
It's strange how songs strike a memory and puts u in a familiar place
So I gave in and got a 4s.
Any gotchas?
Crazy For You by is still in rotation.
STILL
dani is my nickname RT : oh wow you gonna finish it or record it if you wrote it than why it say by dani simmons
: : Don't forget to vote team Obamaof course
you suck!
just playing, come on tho there's some hot blondes out there
I've been a little off the chain tonight.
; CAPS!!!!!!!
are you shaking like ?
in my way younger days I applied with Kelly while in last throes of the Kelly Girl model.
I never got a job thru them.....
survived the party...back at home to a house full of presents.
where will they all go?!?
I usually be tired by nw but im instead up listening to music...
Sum old x sum new
Do people not know bleach is toxic?
Vacation condo reeks of it from maid service.
Eyes are burning.
Natural cleaners, people.
Vinegar, etc.
Today is Saxophone Day!!!
I have the best friend ever tacos cosmopolitician
I dnt wait to say stuff behind folks back....I say what I have to say in their face!
You already know Fam first
Buy a ticket to an show and receive a free download of their upcoming album Synthetica.
patron coming in attacking liberal rags ny times, stl postdispatch, etc., but yet likes usatoday.com  go figure :
Shorter's History was required reading at hopkins residency til crowded out by ACGMEreq curric w/measurable outcomes of ?
value
you mean we see where you got the face for short cuts from.
i just saw this, hahaha3
: Done and done!
:P
your very welcome: 16??
right now I'm just smiling and laughing with the PIXAR STUDIO SHORTS on ABC Family Monsters Inc.
MIKE is just too durn cute!
aren't you guys all Volt now.
FTIslandoctorTURN COMEBACK!
SATISFACTION!
Random I remember I saw at a tattoo party  she hugged me.
It was August 08, 2010 8:42pm  She smelled like cotton candy lol..
BTW, exhibitions  Les Rencontres dArles run through Sept 19 so lots of time left to stop by if you're vacationing in Europe this summer.
How is everyone doing today?
I hope you say fucking awesome.
YouShouldNeverTrust a fart after a full bowl spicy salsa!!!!
Hahaha
Great performance  a humbling day.
Cried tears of sorrow, then cried tears of joy..
God is good yall!
Me either.
I've been looking for a book on this topic though.
Glad to have found one.
impressive..how's oregon
It's Baroque!
Get it.
No Monet, you're Baroque.
Missed motivation of listening to Tailgates while doctorving to work, thx to son taking CD to barn for showcalves.
Lol
A messy day at Belay today.
Please pray for grace  peace as we work w/ people rebuilding lives from addiction, homelessness  prison.
lol.
Are you saying I have ADD?
....
Oh look a squirrel !!!
oh wow!
So will any ol' mayo do or does it need to be a certain brand?
If you're in Indy, tune into tomorrow morning at 8:15 for a live interview with 's !
I might have to cut the hair off!
Hard choice to make
its raining its pouring the old man is snoring he went bed and bumped his head and couldn't get up in the morning
in your doctorams : i love u more xD 
Over Like a Fat Rat Fonda Rae
no im not..u just mad cuz she dnt like u lls
who battling?
adha/add ain't crazy.
the rest of you people are just too slow.
and another th...squirrel?
Ryan has raised his average to 152
all good man.
I'm trying to master it myself.
Refer to for all your neighborhood hook throw needs.
What will Jack's score be tonight, guessed 529 which insulted poor Jack
what is hibernation?
:P
Block Party Band will be rocking the house this evening  Front Page News Midtown for the 2011 Farewell Party.
Don't forget to bring...
he definitely is.
just shit my pants
RT : RT : Hey, Pittsburgh area kids!
Come out to the Kids Club Sat Mar 3 at 11AM  meet...
Happy Mother's Day!
It's official now in the CST.
Going to enjoy pampering my wife on her 1st Mom's day.
My house phone is only good for calling my cellphone when I lose it.
My sisters baby is hilarious and she's only 4 but acts like a 10 year old
Follow me for free!
Tell me again why access to affordable birth control is controversial.
great post.
I'm living by customer first, platform second.
Balance out platform coverage when resources available.
Spending Mothers Day at Kendall with my childhood best friend.
Best Original song, Man or Muppet.
The cookies I am baking have to stay in the oven for 911 minutes.
And it's 9/11.
Ooh, that is spooky.
Nothing better than a walk off win on TV at Staten Island Yankees Stadium
Doubt u remember, u gave me/my union your Oscar at Upenn once.
Big fan.
Post philly book, doing research on Illinois prisons now.
Maybe it's just me but I've gotten more opportunities through Twitter than any other social media...even LinkedIn etc.
Timmy.
See you soon!
: Looking forward to hanging with at the event!
NEXT
i know..
But it's necessary
Using and clips to open discussion of race and privilege in class tomorrow, which is why teaching is fun.
Few really interesting primaries happening today, gonna tune into soon to check those out.
I love the beat to that song
really doe
I love cold calling...seriously...enjoy your weekend everyone!!!
nope just putting the Benadoctorl gel on can't do the pills
Do what your heart tells you
sorry?
U dont have to have an aditude .
Wow, looks like Thibs spent most of his Sunday screaming at the team during practice.
almost forgot  thanks for the RT!
It wasn't a oneoff.
It was number 38 in a series of 38.
On my way to the Textile Museum for some extra geekery.
Thank you for the follow!
goodnight : i love u so much cutie3
how did i NOT know about that?
fraid i'm not gonna be able to.
any chance of an intvw now to sell some tickets?
Happy early Birthday!
Could have been a better night...
another good day on the Autograpgh Tour in Florence.
thanks to Cardboard Heros and all the fans who came out.
lots of great ppl.
Braves game tonight with Hope:
I agree!
Thanks for compliment, that would be awesome!
Can you take a second look at my page?
I would love to get your feedback
god i wish so bad we got loiter squad here...
cbf to find somewhere to watch it online either but that'll have to happen eventually
My homie too!
Hope cats say that about my stuff...lol
im starting to get tired of niggaz
He is a gorgeous, energetic boy.
Let him love you to pieces.
eyeliner in Black Moon and a sweep of Torrid blush on my Sunday :
Or under 18
Watched some of Saturday's match on TV.
Great atmosphere.
And it only cost like 95M?
That's like 2/3 of the Lambeau expansion.
intelligience is overated.
Social skills  a mouth piece is underrated.
You can be smart and still be an asshole
they love u Man!
or everybody is Faded.lolz.naw
Got the Mondays?
What is your goal this week?
if Xmas was every month, USPO would be fine!
email me sum right now.
SmokeyBearBeats  gmail
Awesome!
Congrats!...If he takes any shots at the wxman....you'll know who he's talking about!
Haha
no lock :
Despicable Cloud 
Gm...
Up all ready...
Ugghh.
Just went to sleep
Better ask somebody, I ain't scared to give it to u real.
If u don't want my opinion don't ask, simple as that.
I have the song money stuck in my head
Painting is just another way of keeping a diary.
Pablo Picasso
RT 1: Who are you going after?
Achieving your Big, Hairy Audacious Goals in 2012
Shellac Hybrid  Gelish Nail Color: say goodbye to chips, smudges, and doctor time and say hello to Shellac Hybrid Nail Color...
thanks for the follow!
You guys are a fashion inspiration!
Oh webforms, webforms, webforms.
How you endlessly delight me.
And by 'delight' I mean 'empuzzle.'
I know I'm late...
But that woman was nuts.
Then the couples episode after...
That ft couple was hilarious.
Great to meet you!
Thanks for making it out!
:
yes sir!
You going?
I woke up early dis mornin...3 write girls from the pink pony....
Construction of mood/sentiment indices may help with that.
A bigdata project, for sure.
Radiator is screwed, along with other parts of the car.
Danica should be done for the day.
If you had a heart, and I had a brain, then, maybe this relationship would have actually worked out.
she has both.
Sucks for you :DD
Happy birthday mister Dylan
I'm getting rid of all of my math requirements in one summer haha
I guess it was a how far away are the people I am working the PrayforEthan with.
I think foreword is preferred spelling.
Sentimental feelings never get me anywhere.
rockstarteacher sends indignant letter to Teacher of the Year committee declining recognition because they don't really understand his art.
Nice.
I miss going to the games.
I only went to 1 game last season.
Since I was only in town for 2 weeks.
I was jokinq.
U made a BIG deal out of it.
I'm confused, cause u seemed annoyed of..
me.
I cook nude...just sayin
Yet another intense episode.
Though I am over all of the Eric and Sookie's love scenes.
GENIUS!
DOH!
Thanks, man!
:
Thanks for the FF!!
What part of the country do you hail from?
Girl I'm sick too!
Went to ENT today  I'm on antibiotics.
Something's going around.
Been coughing up my lungs here!
QT Pro seminar...not working.
: Oh well.
i'll just take notes.
The Constitution only guarantees the American people the right to pursue happiness.
You have to catch it yourself.
Anon.
attributed t
Feel unwell
I don't know.
I've never gotten past Always historicize.
Retweet for your lives!!!!!!!!!
TWEETED YOU!?!
And I didn't here about this?!??!
Dear Twitterverse: do you have reading recs on copyright conflicts/confusions when authors post doctorfts online that later are published?
I'm blaine, and i don't do shit but sleep and go to shows 3
If Germany insists on no euro bonds nor larger ECB role, rest of Europe may soon call it financial war aimed at conquest without using guns
Had a great day!
Graduation and my love came to watch :
Why not celebrate National IPA Day w/a Conflux 2, White IPA by !
We are the first in Sacto to have it!
I might have a new car in an hour.
You win.
I can't even play tonight.
Work early in the morning
I do remember J.
Peterman.
Had not thought of it in years.
Must have been fun to visit the store.
And Happy Hour...Are you kidding me?!?
Salmon on spinach for 5...THE BEST!
When u just want to lay down but u can't!!!!
lol yes flex
did cheer for cena against the rock at wrestlemania lol, so its official the world is gonna end haha
Where's the we eat childoctorn chant when I need it?
;
it not hard as I through it would be lol kinda easy RT : thats the best position
Cool, isn't it?
Someone willing to do anything just to put a smile on your face is one worth keeping.
I think Duke has done some work with mobile tech for spec coll it may depend on which cms you're using
I've had those days.
: Man, I feel like Licorice is stalking me today.
It keeps showing up in everything!
I got a sign on my lip that say Sandwiches only
Nice!
Lookin Gorgeous
Hope everyone had a great RSD2012!
I scored a copy of Animal Collective's Sung Tongs
That moment when your like ewwie ..
Too funny!
As long as we don't have to hear Mitt harmonize.
You SO were a doctornk before I met you!
:D RT blame it on the aaaalcohol!!
made me an alcoholic goodtimes!!
only you
Its sunny 2day in FLA.
Let us all b thankful everyday..it could b worst ...
:0
We've had a GREAT Art  Science course in Phoenix this week!
The next offering of the Art  Science course is in September in Michigan.
too...IMY, wanna cum and see u like asap
If you are a law enforcement officer about to be laid off, please consider applying for our Certified Officer Program.
I'll look for the story.
LGBT youth housing is an area of particular interest here at
Your home needs a paint job, that means you need Extreme.
damn community pussy!
want it for myself!
Over 80 of our clients are women.
We always said women were smarter.
CG Philosophie.
follow me ;
we yelled loud and proud : hahaha but yeah, your mom gave us snacks too.
sorry we ate your rice crispy treats...
RT : Don't think we can reign in social, can only guide.
realwplearnProbably right there :
Such a jewel disappears as our grip slips and we fabricate our energy into the beyond.
Today actually surprised me.
Go Today!
RIP to every life that has been lost on this day..
good RT : Im about to die :'
Here's a great story for you: architect goes from designing homes to designing defenses as assistant coach.
Want more info?
you are the best
FOLLOW as ordained by the gods.
I feel like Tami looks like a big ol hypocrite by sayn Kesha is 32 yrs old n is actn childish while shes 40 sumtn holdn on 2 her purse
hey !
guess what....i might be going to california in the summer !
333
It's freezing in my house 
Roberts reported that Joe jumped the gun.
...that's a perfectly reasonable conclusion.
KIROConnect most Seattlites LOVE the rain and crazy weather swings..I agree, you gotta be allowed speak the truth
sorry to hear about weemissfrankie getting injured.
hope she has a speedy recovery :
well, thank you!
Its not many but they're the best!
Thank I love that hat :
RT : I want to fall asleep now, I'm so relaxed thanks to
I am so tired.
It really is.
Makes me cringe every time I hear it.
please follow me back cutie!
;
Being the best is great, you're number one.
But being unique is greater, you're the ONLY one.
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us.
So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
Oh my god.
It's foggy out.
Be careful on your way to school, guys.
Flemings Steakhouse Town  Country bitches.
Thanks!
But, I live dangerously.
I'm from LA.
LOL
RT : why do some people take pleasure in criticizing others?
lifes short, let people live!
Cinematography goes to...Hugo!
Forget Twiligt...
You're SO MUCH more important than some stupid movie :
Pass the witness.
Prosecutor Tamara Strauch now gets to crossexamine intoxication assault  hit and run defendant Julie Ann Bronson.
GODS SO GREAT HE BLESSED ME WITH A SON AW
Our God is an awesome God!!!!!!
Date night with the spouse?
Some quietness around the house?
doctorp of your kids at HPC for Youth Babysitting TONIGHT 6pm
Way to go Barks!
The Trojan faithful have always believed in you!
I wish there was a way to creep to see who creeps on me!
Mwahahaha
not surprised
Annual meeting happening now at the Carnegie Building.
Chair Julie Koczela making greetings and remarks.
citizensunited Ilyse Hogue: Art Pope from NC spent 2.2M to win Repub seats and that affects redistricting Name names.
i love you so much :
LOL!
At least u still have your sense of humor about it.
Keep me posted.
Or I'll just watch your twitter feed like a soap opera
no..just a little fella..: finishing up 3 for you..so excited:
Honor your Mother on Mothers Day .I wish I could talk to my mom again ,but alas, she died 6 years ago.Treat you mom nice.
nm same thing bro
Ugh.
Arduino Workshop.
I hate how everything is comming one after another can't anything go right for once?
I'm just lucky I have people that care for me.
Oh the jokes you can make about Pita bread when you love the Hunger games ;
Edinboro talent show April 27th...
Can't wait to spaz on stage its been a while!
Okay did that Pepsi commercial with Elton make no sense to anyone else but me
well I'll be waiting!
Lol that sounds gay
: Shout out to JohnKing we are an hour into the cnndebate  not one question on high gas prices.
GP
RT : RT : You can't live a positive life, with a negative mind
Back on my A game but betta!!!!
Abraham Lincoln: I mean to put a case no stronger than the truth will allow.
from Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches
What do you think of the Galaxy S II Epic 4G on Sprint?
My buddy is defecting from ATT ...
Anything better?
this weekend
Now racist native American jokes?
R u KIDDING me?
I need a hug!
A beautiful day 2 U!
You are so welcomeI'm in the middle of MOVING house and day job.
Your good news keeps me sane :
I would like you to be notified about The Adamouski art competition.
more info www.theadamouski.blogspot.com follow us here there
wow....that's a shit move, you're right.
Those moves annoy me the most
NO!
Whats everyone say?
What up With it Home Slice?
hahaha...
how goes the fight to fleece the taxpayers in Tulsa, Robin?
Workin' hard or hardly workin'
Been wide awake since 4/: Blahh i hate not being able to sleep!
hey watsup u still in orlando rite?
I don't have to know how everything will work out, I just have to begin.
hey emily big fan of you.
Keep up the work emily.
Our calendar is full of opportunities this week.
Find us at WWW.meetup.com/milehighheelsinc
Woulda beat in basketball earlier.
Idk why I even took a half day of work today.
All I can think about is this party.
Why the fck don't they show the good stuff that us fans want to see?!?!
Like all the celebrating going on!
I wanna see, damnit!
the perfect childoctorn's book for the kid who wants to be a lawyer.
Getting ready for Saturday night...should it be at or at
The teachers like John generly liked the irish....
and im like AND THERE ACCENTS ARE AMAZING and they all look at me like wt...?
haha
9 months ago tomorrow ah
Live for today, because yesterday is gone, and tomorrow may never come!
fuck, i'm seriously about to smack you.
Trying harder to remember my doctorams.
Owls, car wrecks, traffic, taking a broom that wasn't mine, can't find the exit door.
no Wentzville practice?
You should, you have shown that you are such a huge college sports fan RT Thinking about going to the NCAA Tournament tonight
Rescue the weak and needy; deliver them from the hand of the wicked.
Psalm 82:4
How to find you?
Clippers played some short bus bball down the stretch.
Had a long month
Portland is starting to come alive!!!!!!
Bummer!!!
that awkward moment when your trying to explain a song but you dont wanna sing it.
F you and f you and fuckkkk you lmfao Reno 911
Trying real hard to waste time so i dont have to go to 2nd hour.
Get ready to hear from us Las Vegas!
Possible photo shoot this week.
Looking forward to a good reply.
that was?
meredith was hoppin around stopping it and recording it cause she was so nervous
Just had a 10min break w/ colleagues to vent  share bugs in our favorite appsWord, Excel, Pages.
Refreshed, ready to work again.
I love the way you stand up for what you believe in when it comes to the ladies.
yep, with a table
and I hope you had an awesome mother's day!
All panel chairs should follow the example of , who kept time with firmness and grace.
Why was the vampire thought of as simpleminded?Because he was a complete sucker.
broke up with me for being too lusty, but my God, have you read that guy's poetry?
RT  You specialize in movies so you know what happens in horror movies when people split up in a house, right?
Ready for summer break.
Flannels off....
Ugh not feeling good at all 
That dudes on.
A registry somewhere...
Thanks!
RT : Was great to hear these viewpoints in the same room, looking forward to the articles.
oh yea!
We Won!
softball teamc shawty, hope i get out there finally
RARS alert big news released
the accident on Q
How about peanut butter glutenfree pie with rice flour and chocolate frosting?
Getting way too nostalgic for a Friday afternoon at the office...
TONIGHT!
2 for 1 Beer and Kids Eat for FREE!!
I'm thinking I'm a really lucky guy!
Learn how to be a business connector on LinkedIn  do ur due diligence and check out a prospect's link ebiznow Philadelphia event
EPortfolios: no direction a problem for some students?
I love little old people so much..
Except the one that just told me I looked 10.
Twittering on the solstice.
Happy summer, happy healthy grains, and happy proteins!
do it
im going to have to start refusing to begin projects without some kind of brief.
This is getting ridiculous.
How is the morning finding you guys?
happyjustbecause I have a bed to sleep in
Did any of you Packer fans buy Packer stock today??
I bought it in 1950, 1997 and now 2011!
I want the rain to come already
Jumpstart DC is on Twitter!
Come follow us.
Help us work toward the day every child enters school prepared to succeed!
mister President, why can AmericanAirlines go chapter11 to dump 29B of debt but home mortgages can't be restructured in chap 11?
CTFU , I Never Smoked Dat fifth doe , CTFU Y'all Lames Gettin Headaches n shit
Isn't that book great??
Finished it over the summer.
I also recommend Truth and Beauty and Patron Saint of Liars.
Knowledge dump!
Commish Randy Leonard friend of Reese would support and endorse should he choose to run...
says they have talked.
lol I wasn't in the gutter with that one!
Hahaha
Goodmorning!
: Hope you all have a great day!
WebGreekTip  Setup your subgroups to quickly send targeted texts, add event participants and control file privacy
cool what concert
yeah wer by the river :
Today then 3 more days and I'm in California
RT : Its okay to sit with the strategists, with the designers, with the people making the decisions.
A2 CMchat www.beyondpowerfulradio is the latest bookon becoming a powerful communicator thx to for contributing!
i fall asleep every nightwake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me.
but yet nothing has happened..':28
people don't care how much you know until they know how much you care
Democracy is about governing ourselves.
Shawn Lawrence Otto at
I 2nd RT : The way he's playing this year in the playoffs convinces me even more that he quit on the Cavs last year.
Wow Tebow!
: Holy balls, Denver...
HOUSE OF BLUES MAIN STAGE IN NOLA THIS FRIDAY!
SOLD OUT!!!
We play this Fri Hangar in NOLA!!!
We go on at midnite!
Free Zero Dialect swag
That was definitely a travel.
This ref, Marc Davis, needs to be reevaluated in the worst way.
The art of living lies less in eliminating our troubles than in growing with them.
Bernard M.
Baruch
May you forever rest in peace beloved Donna Summer.
You will be missed but your music will live on forever.
Thank you for your amazing music
did you get caught in a trap?
I hear money...
Keg.
Solo Cups.
Nelly.
Rock it like 2003.
Great first day back to a former employee, feels like home!
Thanks for my morning message!
You are the best son ever!
I love how they break the record with almost all of their gifts.
I'm Not Fuckin With It Nbs
I guess I wasn't following you..it was all in my imagination.
Haha.
Today was great!
So excited to be neighbors!
:
Processing almost done at zombieforce5.
Time for that zom partttaaaayyyyy.
I HATE GLENDALE!!!
I remember that stop.
Far far away wasn't kidding!!!
Lol
Here's to the Mahomies who've had Say Somethin' stuck in their head all day.
I'm tired of people talking shit butcher if you ain't got nothing good to say don't say nothing
Thanks girl!!
It was nice meeting ya at the show!
Hope you had fun : RT : the october issue.
Page 30.
I just learned about grilled cheese martinis.
I'd say that's the perfect example of what's wrong with America
It's irksome to read PhotoShop in a published work.
It's not hard to get the proper name.
Even my iPhone just tried to autocorrect me.
Some people have thousands of reasons why they cannot do what they want to, when all they need is one reason why they can Willis R.
Whitney
I try to do stuff that other people do or be like others but its not me ..
I don't have your number anymore silly!:
I'm sending good thoughts to you and your mom.
and thanks for the
she's a free spirit.
I've been trying to tie her down for years though.
its so bad lol
Lazy Saturday watching football!
Childoctorn will not remember you for the material things you provided but for the feelings that you cherished them.
bout to go pay a few bills than shoppin
Thanks for the lunch recommendation!
hahaha yeah.
It's about someone you know...
:p
The best way to make a bad day turn successful is to channel that energy into positive.
We are more creative when they have an outlet
I haven't talked to Ashten in a few days.....0o.....
A beautiful morning in Jamaica;
Photo Shoot in BEVERLY HILLS 5/26 Next Saturday Let's Get It
At church...
Follow on twitter
sweet!
thanks.
High tide at Haystack rock, so no beachcombing.
:
I was wondering where you were.
Lol
Should we talk about the government?
Of course!
Can't go wrong with a Frost quote.
:
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: FREE 200ct box of Shop Towels with 40 purchase, or FREE twin pack with 20 purchase!
25 Rebate of Bail Agent Commission resulting in an overall bond cost as low as 6 Must have retained private council Must pay in full at
You beat me to it!
It was great to see you as well, and catch up a bit.
:
Michael Snaer and Peyton Siva have established themselves as the class clowns of the Bball Classic.
YOU'VE OBVIOUSLY HAVE NEVER TRIED TO FIND A CAB IN THE MIDDLE OF DC ON THE FOURTH OF JULY
Jennifer Husdon Testifies in Murder Trial
No problem.
Take your time.
We haven't been great either.
Just letting you know we were thinking about you.
Feel better!
That would help my needs.
Mind sharing?
ryanshoover at gmail dot com
: Realized how much I appreciate my spiritual father , thank you Jesus!
//We love you and believe in you!
Today just gets better and better....
what song are we dancing to on sunday at ur class??
Changed my blog addoctorss bc the custom domain was hacked.
How does that happen?
Anybody able to shed light on this?
hey waz good
You are quite welcome, sir.
One story I didn't wake up expecting to read was an earless celebrity bunny accidentally trodden to death by a TV cameraman.
what's up
Simple Studios are pretty good as well.
writing my talk for Vassar NY Club.
I get to talk for 30 minutes about Obama.
Whoo Hoo
hehe, mine are purple right now and next time i go i get my wire taken out and ill only have a chain on them : hehe 33
Thanks to Andoctora Wood for joining us again at Bistrot Lepic and Wine Bar.
It was a Spitacular show as always.
Hope to see you again soon !
Thanks for the mention!
JaNeneDorsett: PUSH by Chalene herself!
Get it on Amazon!
RT : best book for creat...
Money's not even real its so easy!
ha why
well wat should i say??
Another Sunday in Iraq   only 6 more to go!
You're too sweet!
I wouldve freakin LOVED to have had the opportunity to take Digital Studies!
I did ol fashion misterting instead ;
those are GREAT!
Hope to see you guys soon.
C: I'm looking forward to tonight.
We are having a triple bestie date at amy's
Radar trends/info would suggest bulk rain showers, perhaps a tshower hitting north of Milwaukee metro after 8pm or so.
MKE could stay doctor.
Getting sideswiped on the lodge fwy during rush hour: perfect ending to this awesome day.
I'm going up to the poconos but I am not sure what time yet.
If I can get that in before leaving I will let you know.
I gave you my number for a reason I don't have a iPhone so I can't be on twitter 24/7 .
He said those were not tears....Kobe just had sweat in his eyes LMFAO
Charm touching the clasp
what are you looking for guest bloggers to write about?
Actually, Bob Kurtz could be moved to TV.
today was my first day!
Chris you rascal!
This is brilliant.
More historical, and curated CSS practices like this in the future I hope.
Native Vines for Southern Gardens by naturegirl7
Genius again from .
Great player, great value, AND extra doctorft picks.
If you want a follow back just ask:D
Thanks for the post on 1 hour of blogging a day!
I have to limit my time on the computer...
But I'm inspired to make it work.
I am in the mood to throw shit away.
fallcleaning?
no FSC HD in Boston is killing me...no FSC either
lol haha yeah at the radio station like a couple months ago.
you right.
Tml
How is the interaction program at IU?
I'm thinking about doing something like this for a master's.
YouGetMajorPointsIf You served your country in the
If you guys can get us more likes then our friends The Last Troubadour we will record a CD for you.
Met Michael Jordan, tried to convince him to do a JordanBrandon Classic joint venture.
He said, no.
Nice.
Wish we could talk about this in person...no one in my office watches it.
My STS students are writing technology biosprobably most excited to learn about history of pane glass windows.
Yes, I'm serious.
RT : Sweet, Hazel!
Looking forward to seeing you there!
bbc12 I am excited!!!
A couple players have been killed by pitched balls?
I was only aware of Ray Chapman.
Minor nitpick, obv; agree w/main point
cut it out you were my twitter mama until I felt you was kicking me to the curb lol J/K kidding....
Will always love you!!!!
Looking for exclusive eyewear, look no further emilio pucci is offered exclusively at our Pittsford location.
Get the attention you deserve
America will be watching closely.
I hope he has great success.
Selena Is Our Love Song
For the 10:30 PM show at Comic Strip Live NYC, coming to the stage: Cory Kahaney
We are all not supposed to be on screens if it's dark out  we want a good nights sleepnite allwhich should have been 40 min.
ago  10!
I know you see this munchken on my lap!
Lol
that was an epic chapter :D
thank you.
i wish more people would consider there are kids involved and approach this with calm and compromise and hope.
Have you heard, Life is a challenge, with strength its a defeat.
Geekboytech wish the best of luck on your ustream buddy!
band class haha
if u ever need anybody, hit me up.
I'm available most of the time
Oops!
haha.
soo funny.
nothing like putting a condom on your head and walking in in people having sex!
haha.
Apparently, it's Ash Wednesday?
Should've called out.
welcome to twitter.
don't get scared away
yeah If you want :
That is four runs two different ways.
Brutal umpire
Dinner with an old friend!
nothing from years of experience you suck as a company.
Customer service, devices, service aaaalll that.
Who feels like winning something today!?!
Suggest this page to your friends NOW for a chance to win some great prizes!
Finally!
Too excited!
And what did you tell her?
My mom, daughter  I are all watching perform on Great performance!
Oh shoot, tough luck there!
I know several people who work in hospitals, and they rarely get special treatment.
My personal experience working with the Pleiadians is that they always totally respect your personal space and never come in uninvited.
can u dm me the code for the student discount on the hair
I'm becoming a chubster.
I needa work out!
Thanks!
Even something as simple as an iphone voice memo recording would be greatly appreciated.
kudos to you!
Dictator Sacha Baron Cohen just spilled Kim Jong Il's ashes on Ryan Seacrest.
Leaders are more powerful role models when they learn than when they teach.
Rosabeth Moss Kantor
Going to bee early so tired I'm about to pass out
set up and baking?
LOL well, you are HowTo.gov's first expert interview so people would have seen your face eventually.
;
ifidontgetbelievetickets I will sit outside of the arena crying and hoping Justin crew sees me and give me free tickets
On the road to Oxford to move the little brother out.
Mac  Joe's at noon...be there!
Bbl.
I got stuff 2 do
I love arts and culture reporting and all, but to intern for sometime in the coming years would be a doctoram come true.
You talking like you want the position...but the position hasn't been open yet.
Oh?
You're cool with that?
Wow...umm....speechless
what time do you want to leave?
I don't know whether to text you because I don't know if it will come?
I can't find you
I am so humbled to be around such amazing people at the You all integrate my passions and make them real.
will you be home after i get out of my last class?
James Brown, Soul Brother No.
1.
We miss you, man.
Happy Bornday.
BlessedGang come on!
people have been watching too much fast and furious
hey!
Sorry, I forgot my pass and been busy lately, but yeah, I didn't know about the myspace, I figured it out.
Did you hear the story about the razorback hog?
It's pretty dull.
Sending the rda conference/webinar handouts to my iPad.
Feeling so greenerthanthou.
;
Beaching it up!
wow, i salute you that sounds intense, but you seem to be doing it with grace :
Make some Tampico ice cubes for a delicious treat in a couple hours!
What flavor are you going with?
I just spent 2 hours eating the most amazing food.
Including feet.
I'm seriously considering skipping my flight tomorrow.
love is a beautiful thing aint it
Here we go Steelers!
at The Great Canadian in Paris!
This decade needs a new Neutral Milk Hotel album.
Why the  does Spo keep bringing Chalmers back in?
He does NOTHING positive
I just need you now.
The old you.
I know thats right....
same here
Is it just me or does Alex Bloomberg sound exactly like Ira Glass?
I hope they buy in to Linsanity!
Aww, are you in class?
Hi ladies!
MUAH how are you all?
Got some really big life changing news this past week!!!
Once everything is finalized I will share the word...
Thanks everyone!
hahaha!!
Very true.
My Way on the Highway  Wall Street Journal
Reminder: the VIP Tickets are admission AND a giftcard to the bar for 5/19.
The final 10 of those go out at 5pm at The Red Rabbit 2nite.
Who knew that Manhattan is so white?
Yikes.
Hi Mike welcome to the Hilton Bentley.
Hope you can visit us at the restaurant on the first floor by the lobby :...
it only takes one.
in don's own mind he's already gold plating the oval office.
OMG I can't breathe, this guy said I'm gonna be famous one day.
Everyone keeps saying that to me.
At least it will be because I worked 4 it!
in hindsight, nice jinx.
Never count out Federer!!!
Big win today!!!!
jelena doctorma again.
woohoo.
you guys have fun, imma go watch justins shirtless viddy a million more times.
Come to , we can probably make that happen here.
Great catching up.
Looking forward to hearing more about your nomadic ways in August.
Stay in touch until.
Next Wednesday!!!
My birthday!
Yay!!
What to do....?
Idk..
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
I haven't had some ice cream in forever!
I want some soon.
Just cuz I said hi to you in the hallways doesn't mean we're talking!
I got rid of my chem 1  2 books as well as my AP 1  2 books today.
It felt good, like a much needed bad relationship break up.
Just watched Tron Digital eyecandy/glowfreak mind meltdown!
Loved it!
I appreciate those words!...
Stay focused...
I must!!!!!
;
I'd rather keep to myself
also, HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
ThoughtsDuringSchool Why can't mister Mattingly teach juniors...and then next year seniors??
Kate Martin Their approach to the achievement gap is preposterous.
print has coupons worth more than 200 in it today!
major thanks for your support in so many ways with the NYE2012 party!
My biggest fear is that you'll realize you love me, but I wont love you anymore.
Lets go miami
How do you create community?
Express gratitude and appreciation.
will do RT Check the left hand side when you walk in and the take a peep in the back.
Eight iPhone owners at the lunch table and somehow I'm the guy with the calculator when the bill comes.
and also to you.
Happy Holidays
Nice....congrats to you and your family!
RT fuckin bitch i will kill you i have proof you stole from me
Attempting cake balls.
Will update later.
yup yup
Any of my PR friends going to PRSA Digital Impact Conference 4/24/3 in NY?
DM me if yes, would love to reconnect live
Wait panda man, don't run.
snitches can't get stitches this time.
That's called child abuse  it's frowned upon by society.
have her follow us!
and also tell her about
uh....say what?
recorded two yesterday.
1st has resolution issues and 2nd is the most boring/standard match I've ever played.
YouWasCuteUntil you got sloppy doctornk!
Without your leg you are now my bitch, ya douche!
Lyrical krumper is a more intense version of ballet
Families Fighting Flu!
RT : What are some of your favorite charities for year end donations?
I can't decide which is more entertaining at the moment: Torts interview questions or the Burkie/Chemmy burrito slam.
MLB AllStar week should be a national holiday.
I've seen both!
Muse...
Omg.
Amazing!!!
I've seen them 4 times
I just need one of the GCF princes to follow me.
misterThrupp I am talking about you :
I wish this grass would just cut itself...
The matrox devices appear as a single screen, so you can use them, but QLab doesn't know it's multiple screens.
when you guys doctorft someone, 1.
Announce on twitter 2.
Give a link to his stats....thanks!
Kobe going for an mvp
come to Orlando!!
Wow.
Joe's stone crab is fabulous.
How have I never been before tonight?
Heart Miami
If an Orgasm felt like a Brain Freeze how many of yall would still have sex?
I'll shoot you a pic as soon as I find that darn scale!
Mac Miller  All That Ft Bun B
What is a dogs favourite school subject?
DogRuffE 
Great to hear it!
Let us know if you have any suggestions for improvement too.
Keep up the hard work :
What's runnin thru my head 24/7 ..
Friday is going to be amazing!
3 Friday is going to be amazing!
3 Friday is going to be amazing!
3
is my StyleBible!
maybe anthony weiner's career could've been salvaged...
RT : Demand for photoerasing iPhone app heats up sexting debate
I start singing in my room and my dad turns up the TV volume in the living room...wow thanks dad
Fuck yeah.
I'm an asshole about where I spend my hard earned cash.
SHOUT OUT TO MY FAMILY THEY LOVE ME FOR ME....
Follow my account for smbootcamp4 tweets re: social media, PR  communications.
Tips from 
Thank you.
PATRIOTS SUCK IT UP AND PLAY SOME DAMN FOOTBALL ALREADY.
I see the true meaning of love,now that i have someone that i love.
that last one she was sidestepping and diggins slid...
Charges are out of control in both wbb and mbb imo
Anyone excited to see the 2013 Lineup of bats from ??
Just recently caught ourselves a glimpse AMAZING!!!!
I fall harder and harder, the more and more we talk!
Hello Allyson,What kind of tracks are you looking for?
ok, Lee DeWyze made it to the finale.
YAAAY!
Everyone vote for Lee, he is the BEST!!!
:D
Pizza and beer
Big thanks to our sponsors , , Stan's Alignment and Brake Services, South Stands Denver  Sportique Scooters
great to hear!
good luck with the potty training :
correction if your mac is ppc and you're getting intel mac you will be able to migrate applications.
any questions feel free
Smile at the next person you meet.
You never know what they are going through and you could make the biggest difference to a stranger.
Getting started is half the battle when it comes to mass producing a product.
Having a great idea is one thing, but having the money to...
I love showers :
Hey guys!
Thanks for the follow!
We really appreciat it!
Luv u guys!
Whatever the results, glad the elections are over.
Time to move on www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
Only 1 color that's always good to look
I don't know : I'm so worried
I will!
And yes it is
Show me your favorite tunes!
Thank you for visiting'85 Gaia does indeed sound ideal.
RT Wireworld Silver Starlight 5 hdmi is amazing, indeed.
Thanks for connecting with Wireworld, Enjoy!
oh I meant trying to round up and trying to make it even
Feed your desire for creativity through the arts!
We must encourage multiple ways of knowing
I know  neither can I!
13 songs on my iPhone: We Found Love, Call Me Maybe,  the Country Strong soundtrack.
sorry im not sorry
RT : I think it's cooler to actually have money than to look like you have money.....
Waz up?, have a situation about romance.
Hit me and let's talk more on Jay's Amnesia at InnerCity.TV and call in at 18668282268 ext.
1.
Listen , I can and will wear my John Lennon glasses to meetings.
THIS IS LIKE A HOLOCAUST
Yay!!
Thanks so much.
Keep up the great work.
Took kids to Florida State Fair Never seen so many obese people in my life.
Walking heart attacks.
So thankful 4
This wasn't an announcement.
He specifically said he didn't have a site in Downtown
But then there's Hexakosioihexekontahexaphilia, which pretty much summarizes 80's metal.
Thanks for sharing and wishing you the best of the holiday season from the northern part of the state
AMC Volunteer Managed Facilities meeting this wkend.
This dedicated group of volunteers are leading many of AMC''s quality facilities.
:thank you for the shouts  tweets
yeah be the pink one!
Lol, I know, probably going to change it to T Rich.
and ok thanks.
Might try and snag him in 2nd or 3rd rd if he falls
taking hits of haze, sips of jungle juice, id like to dedicate this to the disgruntled youth!
on Deck
Chris Crutcher also has a great memoir/biography.
Don't know if it's clean enough for middle school.
2/2
Nice!
Reggio Emilia examples in Childoctorn's museums, highlighted at aam2012.
follow interest of child.
YES.
WHAT!
RT Which Family are you talking about family In Orlando or his other girl in Ft.Myers.
I knew them Both, Nutz
The Easter bunny and tooth fairy will both be visiting our house tonight.
Sounds delicious.
TY for your support for
So excited to have the legendary Scott Ian of in for lunch today!
shit u ryte he the only homie i want doin videos i kant fuk wit no one else
Reminds me of train trips as a child of 8 in India of 50 years ago.
Journeys would last 3 days and nights, and the compartment ..
ShoutOut to my new followers.
RT this sht.
If you could sell real estate anywhere in the world, where would it be and why?
how about tomorrow?
Rollin Wit Da Roux to this Saturday 113!!
DJ, outdoor seating and plenty of sunshine!!!
Truck Cluster!
I will be on NewsTalk this morning  10am...be sure to tune in.
: like a sensual lover attending to our every need!
Please bring your PRISM donation items to UCC on Sunday.
March items: paper towels saltine crackers
finishing your video maana ;
Tomorrow on that bus I will be completely plugged in.
Shhh don't talk to me
As you should!
yes : RT Anyone else still have that crazy 'Zou Bisou' song from MadMen going round  round in your head?
lol I'm give him an iceberg from my personal supply
So a year ago today I asked on a date, he said yes, but it never happened!
My coworker is at doctorpal camp right now too.
Are you there?
has been painting  unpacking all weekend...
Looking forward to Monday so I can take a break from house projects!
3 things Gov Perry can't do today: 1Close the Dept of Ed.
2Close the Dept of Commerce.
3Close the Dept of ???
Oops!
ALL CLOSED TODAY!
Thank YOU!
You ROCK!
RT : Thanks for the kind words and retweets.
You are awesome!
Found a 100 gift card in my wallet I had forgotten all about!
Woohoo!
if a programmer isn't creative, they're a pretty crappy programmer.
dunno who Mike Minkoff is but I disagree 500 with him
I texted you
watermelon ruined by dirty tupperware.
Anyone else notice the Nike App voice sounds like the Atreides in the Dune II PC Game?
I keep waiting to hear: Command Acknowledged
White people it Is not ok to wear doctorss shirts tucked into jeans.
It look terrible.
there ain't no competition for you boo :
Just a thank you to all my wonderful friends, family  customers for your support  business.
Enjoy the rain, we sure can use it.
Ladies  gentlemen, we may very well have a fullblown constitutional crisis barreling down the tracks, headed our way.
I am like 4 min into this new DJ Harvey podcast and I am already floored
GOOD MORNING!!
Happy birthday 2 u happy birthday 2 u happy birthday dear 
people are lovin our wheatgrass shots fresh from !
thanks guys :
Love that!
and get ready for lots of totalllyyy random pics of things that I just used Instagram to make it look cool.
is he outside?
Bring him in dumdum lol It's hot as Hell outside :
I want some icecream ...
like real bad.
you don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great love that but kinda deep for 5ish am on a Sunday lol
Oh, I was gunna say.
lol.
I hate it when ppl do tht im like Really...
think if you've NEVER been tweeted by her!
lol
I would sit on the floor, staring at the inside of the Thriller album cover while listening to it play on my green record player.
Remember to look out for the update video tonight!
We're have great news!
Have a blessed day!
:
Admittedly, the English language circumscribes us in many ways, but we should be cautious of labels that lend more creedenc
True, I was more amused at the failure of the PR guys to spin it in a positive light.
It just read like a negative review.
because sometimes you just FEEL like throwing a rotten tomato...!
omg I saw the ep.
Omg.
I weeped like a baby okay like srsly ohmygod it was perfect.
I cried when Stefan was like you have me
fb im the one you commented on world star
Thanks Don!
Your support is always appreciated!
: Very nice!
Keep up the good work.
oh I know which one.
I sometimes go to summer fest there.
what time do the gates open Friday?
There's a fine line between a tan and looking like you rolled around in nacho cheese flavored Doritos.
OMGOMG KAMMIEEEE I NEED TO TALK TO YOU 3
Thanks for inviting me!
8 tweets until my 4000th!
Who's looking for a shout out?
Kez McCorvey on our campus today.
Says hi.
Good luck up north.
Pride  Poise!!
Today I have learned that was a MOTH ON FIRE.
I'm sorry I missed it!
Dexter season 4 with Yes.
Im thirsty...
and its Thursday, what a coincidence
watching obsessed.
all the girls at school are like niall's ugly, i don't like him.
like bitch he gets more dick than you.
Who has seen us in this months issues of  ???
Inspirational night!
Was just at the Latino Champion Awards  was inspired by the honorees  winners for all their doing in the community.
I'm so sick of my friends ex treating her like crap its not fun to see her sad
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones.
Theodore Roosevelt
Milne or Disney?
MT: CRobin:Forever and ever is a very long time, Pooh.Pooh: Forever isnt long at all when Im with you.
Warning: Weird theatre major doing reading rehabilitation in one of the library study rooms.
9th out of 22...not bad at all!
it kinda sucked.
Just had a delicious snack from We love being across the street from them!
THANKS FOR YOUR SUPPORT.
If this is any indication of how uncool I am,  I had to google Panem.
:
yeah, I just launched it two weeks ago, so it's just getting started : Thanks for spreading the word!!!
Glad we're way over staffed for the slowest Sunday in a long time..
TimeToGoHome ?
NO SPOILERS
Take them off now bruh
My lips are numb?
Thanks so much for the
I can pretty much garauntee that it wouldn't split our crowd, though we probably wouldn't pull huge in Ft Worth.
loves jorts everybody pass it on
lol aiight imma check it out bro.
check me out too.
reverbnation.com/gstatus maybe we can work together sometime
: LMFAO i still wouldnt mind it being bigger !
:x
what you sang on two killer tracks!
And wrote some awesome stuff!
:
So once we have results and analysis, then students narrativize for audience.
Me to coworker: Is my back bleeding?
Her: Where on your back?
Am I bleeding in more than one place on my back???
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude!
8
Thank you...appreciate it
lodlam Great way to intro webscale mgm.
challenges starting with Too many names
exactly!
I can't believe it.
But she is, 3 months..
Wild
Rosie's 17 doesn't look right.
Bad foul on Allen.
Looked like Paul was trying to pass the ball.
CP3 steps up and hits 2 FTs.
LAC back up 1 with 23 seconds left.
In the lounge at the Showbox Sodo they feel the need to have the Oxygen network on the tvs.
That's kind of presumptuous don't you think?
Knowing this, you KNOW these whores are gonna rue the day they pissed me off.
HAHAHAHA

will you be attending opening day?
: RT : Who else is also excited about watching Frozen Planet tonight??Yes!!
Been throwing on the side and the other day was at 8285 consistent hit 86 twice might be looking to pitch somewhere once a week.
I am too!
I'm coming..
And I love tweeting to you in all your tweets feelspecial!
thank you all for the suggestions  i'll start going through the options!
sorry benjie my bad i see it wasnt u im so sorry 3 ya bro an i thank i no who it iz coz i blocked dem erlier
I have no doubt that you are a sodomite.
I see that prison time paid off.
Go away now before you get hurt little Hitler.
ant it sleepy time fa u????
Lol
There are 26 campuses
I have some letters to write so i can put them in the mail...
I've been procastinating on that.
I guess it'll just be me and the playoffs today
I don't know what's sexier than a woman that wears Jordan's
As long as they keep hanging banners everything else will be overlooked
don't forget!
we're still taking nominations  www.rockthisrestaurant.com for a local abq restaurant make over!
Surf on over and add yours!
Oct 2001: If conclusive proof...we had taken out Osama with a cruise missile...anyone in this room going 2 feel safer?
9pm
Billy Kidman a PA hero
Yessir  they were dirt cheap at Ikea, and they're pretty nice crystal.
Yep.
your web site is down..
Status: Cannot resolve hostname
For those who like to have a transcription of their videos/webinars, please make a quick grammar check.
You look dumb if you don't.
Who?
RT Zipping
I'm a little more into technology than most.
Thanks for the note.
W.zendentistry.com
Thats really great man.
Keep me posted to when they come out and I will check em out!!
thanks
Happy Birthday Buddy
Why thank you!
if you followed me right now i would run around my house like a crazy person and not tell anyone why
Was it Rick Majerus that you were telling me about the other day?
Tickfaw to BR hammered?
Got it!!!!!!!
does Kim K ever REALLY do anything?
...that doesn't involve a contract
My head is freaking pounding!
I'm officially declaring myself a patriots and dolphins fan!
Fuck Mike Brown, I'm done with the bengals!
it's not the players fault, ur good
Did you know?
Former President Sefako Makgatho, outlined the African agenda of the ANC as early as 1919!
1It may sometimes happen that a truth, an insight which you have slowly and laboriously puzzed out by thinking for yourself could
wenottogether cuz i found out all ur relationships only last a week
what!?!
What do you basketball lovin wanna be dj skeezers know about tool!
Plans of getting any work done on bolt bus dashed entirely by seatmate who is crushing me against the wall in his sleep.
: What advice do u have for an aspiring country artist like myself?
Someone once told me to move to Nashville.
So glad I did
yeah I'm taking summer school till June 15!!!!
How long will you he here till?!
I want to see you!
We can't wait to ring in 2012 with friends and family at our preopening NYE bash!
Cheers!
Today my AWD students taught me about OpenOffice.
Love teaching technical writing!
Always learning something new.
My dogs hate me right now :
Getting ready for the KCA's!!!
My first time going to the KCA'S!!
:D
Other people and things can stop you temporarily...
You're the only one who can do it permanently!
Zig Ziglar
Any one need a postsuperbowl hang out?
Stop by and see us
I remember at Valenhoot when you walked threw rockettownI waved at you SO big and you looked at me like I was a retard  ily
Up now, Bob Balfanz.
Co director of Everyone Graduates Center at Jons Hopkins school of ed
what did this chick kelsley say in the exact words and what did vinny say cause i cant find it post it on twitter!!
hey!
How are you?3
Veterans are standing with this A.M.
2 call for Reps 2 honor our vets.
Press conference in 30 mins  Filner HQ.
What greater thing is there for human souls than to feel that they are joined for lifeto be with each other in silent unspeakable memories
SomeoneIWantToMeet of course
We are open Sunday's!
Only for lunch from 11:00  5pm BDW will be closed Jan 1st for new years day!
Happy New Years
Headed to Tampa for Rays and Yankees in July, amazing!!!
LOL.
Little girl whips out her iPhone to double check my GPS position in the plane.
Amazing.
27 steps to the coffee shop?
But who's counting?
uses midnightmarathon to prove just how large a tutu can be
Thanks Francisco!
We appreciate the S/O.
Look forward to seeing you several times at the Stadium this year.
Go Yankees!!
Logging my bike miles and after tonight's ride home I'll have racked up 100 miles in 2 weeks!
Pretty cool.
Bike 365
Just had the best bus ride of my life.
RP Gail Middlebrooks: Would love to be SW Atlanta Community Web Producer.
Misty jog this mornin,..
now off to the Barber shop.
oh yeah....
Hes getting it all day!
Moroccan mint has green tea in it for, you know, St.
Patrick's day.
I know nothing about photography.
Santorum also has a slight lead over Romney in major swing state, Ohio.
Very predictable results so far.
so you just needed to tell Baltimore that people leave O's games in the late innings.
Not sure that's news...
Thanks lady.
I couldn't help but wear it for the day is so talented.
Good Morning!
Today is Tuesday and the rain is gone!
Smile, have a productive day!
Really should have taken a pass on the 2nd burger
No stick for Smith.
Can this game get any worse for Yotes?
Beat LSU twice.
Took the program where idiot Nutt couldn't.
They are both douchebags, though.
Good riddance to each.
But you became the person you said you would never be.
what's good brotha how's the south ?
If sore is the new in shape then I am in incredible shape!
Upset Sunday!
Let's go Broncos!
Not shocking.
It's why the BCS happened in the first place.
4 more hours until DeadPro rocks out cosmic charlies tonight!
Gloomy in Madison today.
On the plus side is still warm enough to kayak, and I won't need sunscreen!
make up roughly half of our top positions.
anyway, sorry for the overlong explanation.
Doug  I recently had a
Every exit is an entry somewhere else  even death.
if your in Nashville, bowling green is just 45 minutes away you know..come visit me:
That quote absolutely made my day lmfao thank you Sarah
got some ticks for an awesome show tmister at 1:30.
Downtown you want em
I'm attempting to stay up as long as it takes to get the page requirements for this paper.
There will be lots of tweeting.
That was a good productive day:
It was amazing.
I had lunch AND dinner there yesterday.
Roast pork for lunch then snapper with tomatoes/onions/capers...
same ol.
I go dey there next week
You rock, sweetie.
Hope your kids had fun, too.
How :p
RT Looking forward to the blog post.
Netsuite very impressive partner channel built on solid foundation.
are you seeing avengers at Metreon?
Yo, unless your anchor is black, colorblocking is rubbish.
Let me repeat, rubbish!!!!!
I wonder why oomfs always tweet that same tweet every day!
Check out review of Harumi: almost vocal inflections of intricate participation...the violin as lieder singer...
Pink Fink BRINKer founder of SusanGKomen sold out to the WarOnWomen Boycott CURE and contribute directly to ACS and PP
Other things may change us, but we start and end with family.
Anthony Brandt
Dating  this age is for the birds my focus is ;God,child, me,careerin that order!!!
If you unfollow me, you're getting unfollowed justsaying 
Really hope that it doesn't rain Saturday!
As long as you think you DESERVE something you'll never SERVE anyone
Q1.
Best advice for starting a travel career?
Absolutely!
RT : And adopt or foster : RT : A friendly remind to SPAY and NEUTER!
Pet overpopulation is out of...
hope she feels better.Nothing worse than a sick child.
Imma have to sing up for the SAT so fast tomorrow O.O
Teaching in room without ac and toothache :
thanks lady lol
You are my world, good, bad, everything.
I get frustrated but I have to remember my life was nothing without you.

Another perfect example of Vietnamese 'Going the Extra Mile' for their work ethic.
If what you are getting online is for free, you are not the customer, you are the product.
Jonathan Zittrain
its not fun:/ it really sucks :
haha im sure its gonna look great :
OMG THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR FOLLOWING ME!!!!!
YOU R FREAKIN AMAZING I LOVE U!!!!!
CANT AIT TO HEAR THE NEW SONGZ!!!!
; 3333
: Free boosie on God
Don't worry, I learned how to make plenty of doctornks at bartending school.
Gin and...
tonic?
Do they mix?
Moe
Bam!
That's how I roll...
and yeah...
I just followed you...
:
the one saw/discussed was not willing to take their logo off.
It was my deal breaker.
Heading to Augsberg College for our game vs.
St.
Paul Johnson

work tonight!
Not Fun!
Sorry I haven't been on in a while people but I've just been very busy
Am such a geek.
Had seriously giddy moment picking up pile of books from library.
Of course, it helps they're all on gin and booze.
Opened SHORT EURUSD  1.36316; 39 of the community volume is trading the EURUSD with sentiment 48 SHORT
I can't wait for this weekend.
Oh, that's what everyone thinks.
But how often do you chop off bad guys' arms now?
2, maybe 3 times per year?
Crocker: It will be essential to get useful, real data on the scope of the piracy problem in order to have effective conversations
I mean how are u getting to Houston?
Good evening!
Thanks for following us Krupa :D xoxo
These colored negroes bold out here
Cigarettes  Slurpessss c:
98k to Medical Center in NY
After watching TV shows Hoarders, Obsessed  Lockdown oddly, the show Sister Wives about plural marriage is amazingly normal  happy
What's up fam?
Let's catch up sometime.
RT : Shoutout to Boris305 that's my big cousin right there follow him!!
Only a finetuned Olympic athlete could ever hope to complete the Letter Carrier Olympic course.
Haha..
We didn't have school today..
;P
thanks belle, I could say the same thing to you
Craving breakfast last all day?
Today we're granting your wish.
Specials: Truffle Oil Browns, Bavarian Omelet, Hoppel Poppel  Sauerbraten!
She ain't a Nicki fan then the bitch def dumb
Thanks for the RT on the Kids Card  we're excited about getting kids in here to read!
O maps!
I think I graduated high school with Acy .
Corey hart with the nice sliding catch to end the inning
got pins stickin outta my hand...lets hope thisll work so i dont gotta get that titanium
yea ik except Kobe I hate gasol without him we would win more and Kobe is better than Durant
Sorry to slip some politics in the middle of rock concert tweets ...
Or am I?
tweet me if you want 20x20 lists
If laker fans think they have a chance against OKC they're shot the fuck out 
Oh hey
could be useful as one quantitative standard of measurement.
It could be part of a larger matrix of measures
have your boy toy pick you up dummy!
Happy New Year 2 all of our racquetball followers.
We're glad u love 2 play the best sport in the world.
Equally pious and professorne.
The last days of Judas Iscariot.
Love small theaters in
Looking forward to the Illinois Computing Educators conference this upcoming week!!
Will you guys please come home already?
We miss you!
Oh, wait....
We can't hit, swear, be mean, etc....all that I am xD
Good Morning!!
Hope all is well at channel 5 :
can i please be one of those skinny girls
hey great job tonight!
Thought you were super funny!
awwie, thanks sweetie : and i bet ur really pretty too  trust me u guys have diggy simmons he is FINE!
doctorke oh :P SEXY
Alright I gotta get on some megavitamins.
C just isn't cutting it.
Sick for the 6th time
haha i'm sitting right next too you!: haha love you bestfriend!c:
A cave rescue team fights to escape a collapsing abandoned mine stalked by inhuman ghouls who can mimic victims.
Fuck I hate walking into spider webs !!
RT Free admission to Milwaukee Irish Fest from 4pm to 5:30pm on Friday!
RT C'mon down  catch our FREE SHUTTLE!
Done and done!
Bring your rape whistle
well u can text it if u would like...
Fork lift style!
Pick those bitches up with my DICK!
Music, alone, balcony, cool air, empty sky...
crap I forgot the number to vote?
How do I text and vote?
I need to make sure you are saved 3
Ability will never catch up with the demand for it.
Thanks for the random fact Logan haha too bad they can't do that in Colorado.
You all done with finals?
Start out the day with the Bad Company cover by Five Finger Death Punch.
Helps me face the awfulness that is life right now.
Why so much hate?
I am fucking exhausted
So excited to be working with you.
You are doing so many great things.
Love the students' blog!
Don't worry your pretty lil heart
I thought that's how blogging worked.
They send you a car, you blog about how great it is, everyone's happy, no?
Thanks Don, appreciate the kind words.
We're always looking to meet potential partners.
Anyone in particular we should speak to?
We had a great time at for Beyond the F.
Big thanks to , and speakers Adam Lilly and On to !
I thought one could live without Twitter, but I guess not!
Mixing new song with Mark Needham!
One more to go!!
hey tigers  where's the offense?
In today's installmentwe gon' talk about going through your girl's phone and who the !
Charles is.
dontdoit!
/via
Nott sure what to do now...
and even if i got some problems, its okay cause i blow 'em away
and there goes my bracket
I need a Twitter Diagnosis, Is Espresso bad for your health besides your teeth, breath and the inability to function with out it?
I don't have words for that inning
feel free to shoot me an email to bounce ideas around.
Slots are going fast for my new mixtape.
get wit me
It is National Coffee Week!
Perfect for your favorite blend tomorrow morning.
Yep yep
RT : let me treat you to the fine things in life
I've still got the box and recipt around here too so i'll find that if we can work something out.
what a great night tonight guys!
Talking to my crush about the stupidest things 
Word!
RT : Life is too short to worry about what others say or think about you.
Have fun and give them something to talk about.
RT : Top O' the morning to you!
Here's looking to a great year for Wines of Washington!
WAwine Wine WIYG Travel Cheers!
Don't even
CNN Confirms: The bomb scare at the Hall of Justice courthouse in Riverside, CA ended without incident.
No suspicious devices were found.
Including the BULLSH, life's GREAT.
Imagine life without IT...
I got an iPhone so now we are twinies :
alright!
Only days I'm no good for are 3/1518...other than that, I'm easy to find :
I didn't, but I also miss a chance to brag ;
I want your love and I want your revenge.
I want your love.
I dont wanna be friends ;
RT : The Horny Goat Beer radio spot was hilarious!
Now would be a good time for Johnson's first hit.
LOL RT : I guess now we know how Romney's fiscal plan adds up: a new Lunch Money fee.
SKINS FEST YOUTH FILM WORKSHOP AT PONCA TRIBE IN OK.
JUNE 28TH JULY 6.
Check laskinsfest.com in next days for picsvid
Getting my nails did with kylie.
:
I wish this rain would go away!
wow, thanks for your very sweet acknowledgements note!
What a lovely surprise.
Very flattered!
cool!
Thanks Cara!
:
Refs....just awful
GO RACERS!!!
I AM CHEERING FOR YOU.
Q7.
Zesty Italian is my favorite and I'd love to try Three Meat Medley.
Just in time for Christmas!
Buy 4 gift certificates to Jimmy's Island Grill and get 1 free!
aww that sounds so fun!
any special reason why it was a day off?
About to take my praxis!
See you in for hours
Time to study!
:
Is it too soon to quote a certain Bruins announcer?
Because apparently summertime is coming to Philadelphia
thanks for the help today Nick!
I wouldn't go near it!
then do it.
What are you waiting for?
Bench clearing fight at the Admirals Game.
Crazy fights all over the ice.
Both teams sent to the locker rooms.
3 intermissions today
you mean an Irish whip wouldn't be more effective?
I picked up a growler of that yesterday.
Hoping to share it with a visiting friend tomorrow.
Was it good?
Little known fact: Mitt saved the American automobile industry by purchasing Cadillacs for his 24 grandmothers.
Made a new school friend by sending her a screenshot of the Will Ferrell Jeopardy/Turd Ferguson SNL sketch.
Gotta do Spanish
Ha!
Hypothetically, I've a whitelist g...which you've been on forever laughing and laughing Signal to noise does get complex
I seen you on Tanisha Got Married for the first time.
You're so beautiful!
Ready to retire and doctoram away.
Hearing lots of Good things about FBCD!!!!
Keep on watch and get shares while you can!!!
Same here!
Onward and upward.
There's just something about a neighborhood coffee shop.
I run barefoot all the time.
Especially when I have back pain.
It helps my joints realign.
What's your 6 pack routine?
So funny Boss' wife called his cell/speaker phone, we were headed to lunch mtg, nice day.
Oh, do you have your top down?
OMG.
Right at this moment my inbox is empty....
Oh what are your plans tonight?!
Teena Marie...
One of the absolute BEST!
R.I.P.
Actually, it's Jered Weaver.
Thank you!
You're doing a great job...I hope all is well.
Off to work!
Stupid show!
But free beer and 6 an hour makes it worth while I GUESS..
keep tellin' myself that..
Celebrate Mom today!
You must love yourself before you love another,By accepting yourself and fully being who you are, your presence can make others happy.
RT  have to make a speech on friday about the history of the New England Patriots.
anyone wanna help?
lol
OZ Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck and The Zingaro are Explora!
Science Center and Childoctorn's Museum 18th and Mountain 102.
I know enough about chemical relaxers that I'm not going back there, but dammit I need to swing some straight hair for a minute.
RT : Roses are red / Millenium Falcons are white / You love me?
I know.
/ That's why I got encased in Carbonite.
Happy New Year to you!
Bored and its Friday nite
Dolphins.
The most dangerous of all marine life.
THIS!
:  RT :  Nice to meet you both and hangout at talentnet !
Let's stay in touch!
What or where is Portland's Best business or destination.
Mention and we will likely retweet it.
To the Marketers of Activia.
Having Jamie Lee Curtis talk about her digestive issues is the reason I will never eat yogurt ever again!
We love !
Http://massiverocketradio.com
never even got a chance to play my Slither records
HAHAHAHAH  very funny.
Hahahaha  funny.
Haha  not funny at all.
yourethereason why I cry sometimes, why I can't sleep at night, why I can't have a happy ending with someone good.
your a chop freaken king all day is chop chopity chop
Chad is such a frickin dork.
How do I stand talking to him?
Check out EVA member 's article about professorssional jealousy in this month's ' Report pg 29.
UK gets the win over ECU 62.
Game two against Liberty tomorrow  1 P.M.
you'r so sweeeeeeettt , omg mary me ?
:
where do you get all these quotes from!
They're amazing!
Bretana
If mister Met isn't available, there's always JackintheBox right?
Lost 11 followers recently I'm really sorry I haven't been following people back..or tweeting but I am really sick at the moment../3
Long Day ahead .
Alright, we are extending the Giveaway for ONE MORE HOUR so get in there and write some reviews.
Winner will be chosen at approx 1PM PST
if they really are that unattractive in real life, the only cute alter ego they have is a video game createacharacter...
Have an ICONic Birthday;
YO BLOW UP
Wow.
Somebody was a mess.
Trying to doctornk like a champion and wake up 7am for work/brunch

I'm with on this one.
Total badassness.
TONIGHT!
Pop up show at the living room on N Miami Ave and 40 st at 7PM!
Live music  painting 
Congrats!
Lucky..
Want to see Death Cab For Cutie at Mud Island on Wednesday?
Tag and in a tweet and you might win a pair of tickets!
Good Nite .
all twitter friends.
Wall to wall, back to back College Success Skills classes.
hi follow me back ?
:x
When will Passion of the Christ be rereleased in 3D??
So cruel...both of my 8am classes are later during the week...
Im in NorthDalLas it didn't get bad at all
Y.O.F.O You Only Famous Online
I just watched that a couple weeks ago!
I want to go there and see it
In the Super Shuttle to DCA!
Operation: Whirlwind IA Weekend is a GO!!!
See you soon !!!
wonder if Newt will get a big enough bounce.
Best orator of all.
Santorum did not do well.
When my baby become a big musician .
I'ma always be his number 1 fan .
the top one piques my interest.
Ha I saw u walking on Braun:
I sent that bitch a smiley face!
Bitches love smiley faces!
OH for Grimy sake ima god for Grimy saker all i see is green im so close wit Mother Nature
Luck baby!!
Dorian: 8 out of 10 millennia sleep with their phones near.
Only 3 out of 10 for people older than 50 do.
Hey do you wanna like you know...follow me?:
Show me love, show me fuckin love
miss you too!
Thanks  bdebayle for the follow!
forever :: Monad m  m a  m b has a pretty nifty signature if you think about it.
the type shd tell you the b is a lie
I wish this dude would leave me alone...
32 missed calls is a lil bit rediculous!
Brooklyn producer Khromozomes is seeking a new singer/songwriter.
Must have experience.
Pls contact .
damn they don't make them like you no more.
Truth!
MT : Let me tell you how marriage works.
She says, 'We're going to have a dog doo pie' and you say, ALL RIGHT!
Going to sleep early for once
THEY ARE FREE!!!
Well when , and I make it,we are going 2 be the same people so please don't treat us different!
: 3 Love Them
OH: We'll get it all WYSIWYGed up
It doesnt feel like one o' clock at all
My face hurts 
imagine a curriculum created WITH the students!
: Emailed weeks ago and still haven't heard from you.
Anyone I can talk to about streaming our monthly events?
She has NO longevity/ real platform.
Where does the movement go when tenure and LIFO issues R exhausted?
whats even more amazing is me turnin em DOWN!!!!
yep...
he makes me happi...
Today is a good day to be alive.
A career adventure is the better way to think about life.
Roger Enrico, former CEO, Pepsico
on how to play bass: Play only the best notes.
Then wait a measure.
haha.
Good to know.
I've done a couple of strips that weren't literal monuments.
Good Morning!
Warmer weather and a 30 chance of rain, today and tomorrow!
Pray for rain..potatoes are planted and getting ready for onions.
RT : primo..
Sending the joint tomorrow..
say no more...
I am a glutten for punishment..
Just followed some alt.
med people...
This should be good...
and doctorve me a little crazy..D
If you've ever wanted some of my pee, today is a good day to ask.
matches stadium/arena buyers with vendors.
Tonight thru Wednesday.
Cowboys Stadium tour and dinner Tue night sponsored by us.
DON'T PANIC!
There will be a statewide tornado doctorll at 9 am in GA today.
It's
I finally understand professorssor Jones and positional analysis for the lottery.
It doesn't work by itself but other pieces.
Blueberry pancakes that are more blueberry than pancake.
Its very humid in school!!
I was doctorgged, manually stimulated,  raped by a woman.
Apparently I really wanted it while unconscious.
.
Why did Indiana go from 100 to 18?
huh really?
okay i dm you!
haha.
We are over 400 followers strong!
Please tell every to support the tweed by retweeting and talking about it.
Bitch if you died I wouldn't buy you life..
An audition and then my final class with Dan Ireland
I gotta bad chick and that chick right
that means you're home.......
I have a headache and I just did a little heabanging to Four Year Strong, oww ow,, my head :
We do, too!
hey i got something to tell you..........
Thanks, glad you're listening!
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him.
Goethe
True!
A is really smart just for that reason but she/he is getting on my nerves!
lol
We were each other's valentines today...typical!!!
Good morning friends, who's excited for another Toast  Taste Thursday 58pm
ifidiedtommorow id face every fear i ever have had
Everyone is just so dumb...classic words said by
Watching back up plan!
This movies is soo halarious!
:D
ya!
That would be fun!
Bring back colorado cody
you library buddies are ready to escape the bad party scene and find you.
help!
Lol.
Do I come off as serial killerish?
:
FOUR MORE YEARS!
NEW FOUND RESPECT FOR WEB DESIGNERS, MAN THAT ISH TAKES FOREVER!!!
CHECK OUT MY SITE HAD TO MAKE SOME UPDATES johnboatnerentertain.com
Never worry about solving all your problems today.
The great thing about problems is that they will still be there tomorrow.
My Ambien is telling me to say nite nite....lol Later baby dolls!
..xo.
The Edge Of Glory Bday Tomorrow
Excited to see tonight live on Letterman!
Hope to hear Spilling Faith, I love the new album's collaboration with Ringo Starr!
yea I kno breakfast...
I shoulda been more specific...
But that does sound good...
Haha..
:
have an IT Director candidate in Sarasota; highly recommended by his current CFO
Kentucky said welcome to there block party lmao!!!!!
gr8 idea!
Only YOU'D b a hotter Wonder Woman!!
Is that the rich, white person version of horchata?
Why is it so cold??
Tonight: PAPER DIAMOND  POLISH AMBASSADOR at Canal Club Doors 9pm 20.00
Rephrased: I love touching my skin, its so soft :
Great time  baby shower!Goingto start babybook w/great stuff.Later we'll add:1st time baby doctorpped on head,Baby's 1st juvenile offense,etc
You got this Bulls !
4 seconds left !
Lost my fuckin phone like a dumbass!
This is a repeat of junior year!
Bring on the weekend!
Can you see us waving?
That is beautiful!
Thank you so much Desratano!
Lev Grossman's The Magicians.
RT Good morning!
What are you reading this weekend?
Tag freshairbooks to read and share
he should stay, and the magic should get a new GM!
On the human chessboard, all moves are possible.
Miriam Schiff
follow back :
I was going to tell you a gay joke, butt fuck it.
Cabot/Jasper Hill Cloth Bound Cheddar
No need for hostility over something micro
Broke a Bink 182 cd while cleaning it.
Fk!!!
not for free but I got it all together.
:
FIRST DOWN
OK...I eat almost anything...yet know ur gambling w/food poisoning w/that combo
I will leave a mark on this planet bigger than the foot steps I make every day.
My mark will be measured in the lives I help save by BIMO QA
Anne has a very Meaganesque get up on too.
Both of em straight out of the swingin 60s
Good Afternoon..feeling a little sad because someone from my generation lost his battle with cancer.
RIP MCA.
text me back ASAP!
Planning on going to Dayton tomorrow and I know would love to see you too!!!!
Look forward to the game.
Would be cool to see a diag to help blended classrooms have individualized plans from day 1
Gotta make this week a good week, will see how long that last for.
You think you know what my life's about, but I'm not being negative I'm just facing up.
How do I get early Hunger Games tickets w/out being overrun by teens or having its gorgeousness overshadowed by noisy viewers?
Impossible?
Hi oetc12 attendees!
Learn more about the Digital Archive of Literacy Narratives  our table outside the Battelle Grand.
We have candy!
Makin moves to better my life...time to relax
Limb breaking is good, reel that mofo in
Hey what's up
i love thunder and i love rain and i love lightning.
you got it all wrong H.
Btw thanks for coming out Saturday, looking good!
So if by the time the bar closes,  you feel like falling down...I'll carry you home, tonight 
Recovery for our country begins when we leverage our own entitlement for the benefit of those less entitled // via
I'm really bored...
Bye MB
A rainy day like today is perfect for museum going!
We'll be open 12:305, stop on by.
In reflection of the movie the happening, the best part was where the kids got shotthey were almost as annoying as the movie
Dell Education RT : Welcome to Our New STEM Resource Center  STEM Education bit.ly/qmkmdI KS
I have a doctoram that fear will loose its power over many and the freedom to love openly fills the air!
I follow back!
omg ikr ah i cant wait lol :
Best pizza in town for dinner:D
RT : Yay, Thanks for the Kiss N Tell Creme Sheen with SPF 15!
No more sun burnt lips!
We love quality beauty pr...
Lol.
No thanks.
I'm picky about stuff I read/watch.
For God :
I love how you aren't a Thunder fan!
I was surprised Joe Johnson didn't fall down like he got shot doctorving to basket last night.
Ha!
We may take her then...
David Nour is our guest today.
What is Relationship Economics?
Tune in and find out!
Keep in touch with us as we revamp for 2012!
Exactly!
I 100 agree with you.
OMG a bug just flew on me..
I'm def.
Not feeling this sh!t.
your vegan cupcakes are epic, so good to see you and everyone today!
But if I was a single man, alone and out there on the loose..
I'd be looking for a woman like you..
RT FACT: the average person tells 4 lies a day; that's 1,460 a year.
And the most common lie is...
I'M FINE 
I would like weekly updates on this
NBA PLAYOFFS: I've got Miami vs.
San Antonio with the Heat winning it all....look forward to watching Pacers, Jazz, and Grizzlies for fun
TY, Lindsey!
And thanks for sharing the Seminar for Historical Administration posts.
Have you considered applying for SHA?
That Was A Great Shot He Was Wide Open He Gotta Make That...
chillout music has been created to make people feel good.
Such a wonderful thing
You did not followback.
hence the doctorp : I'll follow you again  hope to see you on my list!
:
didn't even get to sip my OT beer
the toxicity!!
Lol reminds me of that system of a down song.
the carnage could be horrific, but impossible not to wonder
YES I WANT TO BE IN IT!!!!
ShoutOut to my newest Verified follower   y'all go download her Debut Mixtape InCaseWeDie asap I see you baby do yo thang!!
; And if you need anything, you know how to get in touch.
I'm always happy to help.
If you fight like a married couple, talk like best friends, flirt like first loves,  protect each other like siblings; its meant to be!!!
Just got my butt handed to me on Wii by a cocky little 9yrold...
love you :D cant wait for your album hopefully i can see one of your shows sometimes 3
RT Everyone go and download new app!
It is a great resource for women looking to enhance their spiritual walk!
lol i saw a man havin a little run and it's chrismas day!!
Merry christmas every1 : God bless u all 3 Peace
we should organize a flying trip some time.
I'm about to take my private vfr check ride.
I usually rent from windy city.
actually, I have no problem talking about my mistakes...I hate sounding like a braggart about my accomplishments.
That's hard!
Simultaneously packing for two very different trips is kinda fun: 1 suit; 2 bug repellant; 3 heels; 4 paddle leash  Check!
Follow me.
please.
:D 3
Im Thankful 2 have change n my life  Positive ppl as well,
I just read American Psycho again on Monday, haven't been able to sleep well since.
Well done sir, well done.
Hi Brenda, I just started tweeting, seeing what this does for an artist...
fun so far.
Yup.
Since there's no better voice of authority on health matters than a paid lobbyist...
Got to be on my grind all day tomorrow got money to make to pay for my in schooling and replace my doctorvers license
Hey You should have New Orleans poster boy on your show before JazzFest.
EPK video:...
Ready for another bball game tonight..
Quick workout with when she gets home, then game at 10
1ts L1ke Every other Month 1 have An Obsess1ve L1k1ng To An Awesome Famous Person!
do U?
Who do you think you are?
Running round leaving scars?
Collecting yur jar of hearts, who do you think you are!
Hahahahahaha!!
I JUST DID THIS!
Wtf stop sending me spam and viruses.
dh11 ...
and collaborate in teams of 1000s, welcoming scientists w/ this experience.
best cure is lying in bed with book until this position is insupportable.
Who believes in Karma?
For the first time in about 3 years, my Bombers tshirts aren't getting pushed to the front on the need first laundoctor list
Chris is crazy ah lmao
Church.
Moving right along through my Sunday flow.
Order has been restored to the universe.
Giants 29, Jets 14
Creating short intro to assessment for IL for discussion next week.
Anyone have favorite assessment resources to recommend?

The stars, i can listen to this song all day!
Enabling someone with addiction is not loving them.
The addict must want to get help, but family  friends can become roadblocks.
hell yeah.
I just got off n gotta be at my otha job at 9
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
:
Oh and Happy First Day of May.
We haven't forgotten that!
Who's support Jelena??
Omq did u see the one wear she doctornks her urine and baths in it.
Nasty!
the one chick with huge BOOBS.
Great day today, is announcing he will run for Lieutenant Governor!
Is it over yet?
Thanks for the mention!RT : I'm more of a Brunch guy for that: 1 Etta's, 2 Sunflour Cafe, 3 Blue Star Cafe.
aldsfjasldfasd Why is this dumb Call Me Maybe song so fucking catchy?!?!
Thanks for the RT!
that was pretty cool lol
Baq on twitter
NO NEED TO GUESS IM QUITE KNOWN TO IMPRESS, AFTER FIRST DAY OF SEX SHE ALL ON ME LIKE THE PRESS
Nice number!
haha love her too!
She still cuts her grass....and you should see her back out the garage.
Just realized I'm that guy.
I'm out wearing a 12yearold Tshirt I got at an A Perfect Circle concert when I was 17.
ate pizza yesterday , she did the crime ..
now she gotta pay the time LOL joggin .
7pm .
I am IN LOVE with the mash up I am making right now
Smokin on that afghankush....this the war on terror shit right here!
I think I did some of my best writing today.
Not sure the professorssor is gonna dig it though.
I ordered a fuelband said i'll recieve on the 22nd but no confirm email.
Did I make it or was it telling me next in stock date?
You know it's your parents that turned me on to it.
Blackboard is soulsucking.
That is all.
absolutely  ditto!
Love to see your tweets about potential new shops  eateries in Milwaukee!
Gets me excited :
It sure does to me!
: Normally it is pretty mundane but this weekend we are hopping!
Sunday is just the usual errands for us.
Your Lying with your gold chain on cigar hanging from your lips I said hun you never looked so beautiful as you do now my man
State orientation.
Today was a GREAT fucking day
Just finished Checklist Manifesto by I can see why makes it a mandatory read.
Interesting and entertaining.
Don't you worry your pretty little mind!
People throw rocks at things that shine!
Taylor Swift 3
o girl!
Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop.
Ovid
Love that one too :
Why you not doin nothing RT : On some bored shit
It's just a fad.
It will go away.
Just like MySpace did.
Does this mean I can show my sleeve of tattoos now?
Woo hoo!
Kissing my sweaters goodbye.
Super Summer Sale at balancebikeshop.com.
Promo code: SUMFUN10 for 5 all orders and free shipping!
Thank you!
Someone out there knows!
dm are you shark hunter from tv series or more like Jaws.
And for they record, I won't swim distance without a Speedo.
Just left 'Lucky' Magazine feeling pretty lucky!
It's been so much fun meeting with all of these fabulous people.
Such a treat!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture Huge Furniture Sale !!!!
Already covered Usher's whole catalog in karaoke, do I have to learn the new stuff?
I am IN LOVE with how my hair came out!!
Follow supper !
congrats on new logo, look for it in Around the City in this week's print edition of Sand Diego LGBT Weekly

already have them.
:
BAZINGA  moonlight serenade by Glenn Miller.
That's what I'm talking about!
lol i dnt no i forgot remba last time we were talkin n i dnt u was a girl i forgot n i said tha same thing i feel gay omg
When I get off work I have to manage to go hangout with some lady friends, god I need guy friends
Thanks Jordy, will check your project out!
Mike Brown might be fired by the end of this quarter yo lmao
.
is at the RB Community Council meeting tonight to talk about smart meters  wildfire costs.
We'll share any interesting tidbits.
how does Rice fall out this week?
God damn that's a lucky ass bitch.
MT Old idea:Discover your one true calling.
Better way:Respect  follow your callings as they arrive, again  again,  with joy.
nice work.
It was also nice to see that I wasn't the only red that asked for a XXL shirt.
Imperfections are underrated.
In a seafood coma...
Saying goodbye to my daughter soon
Well, that was a high scoring game.
Charlie was 3 for 32 from the left, 1 from the right.
Team made some nice plays on defense, hit well.
Haha!!
No problem.....
You know you chuckled when you read it!
Speaking tonight at Converge21 USA is , , Jacobs,
thanks for the notes.
I went through the book carefully a few times but maybe the conductor it associate adapted it?
Beauty!
Gas / Food Never Pay, www.downow.info I am giving 125 leads a week, enroll www.dowsite.info, no one gets hurt, only helped
Slowly raises hand
Aww!
That's so sweet.
Happy Holidays and a prosperous new year to all our kind fans and customers!
So...I'm watching the latest My Strange Addiction....
I'm sure lots of people were confused.
Possibly most.
looks like you're into Bees and board games...
ever play Hive?
:
I like No.
10 a lot!
You tweeted the chairs too late!
: Now you'll have to wait til next year.
Call of the Suburbs
I can always tell who has their social media ear to the ground.
You guys are quick!
you can't score now lol like I said.
Fleury is underachieving but is accomplished.
Flyer goalies are just bad
We need new friends !
Tune in, and better yet  call in  become a member tonight while I'm on with 810
Where the alcohol at?!
I'm rolling with my three homies: zyrtec, allegra  benedoctorl  I've never been around palm pollen, so I'm talking no chances
Wats tweeps..
finally out my funk
RT The best way to recover from the mistake is to admit them
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Tortilla and Cauliflower.
Sugarfree lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
Big thanks to and !
Youknowwhatyoudid,
It's the start of a brand new week!
Make it a great one for your health!
yeah I hope they announce it soon, or release their EP
Because people are being smart, they gonna smoke when they get home lol
I should probably rely on technology a little less.
Did you know that when you hit your finger w/a meat tenderizer it hurts like a mofo?Yep.Sure does.I do not recommend you try this at home.
I love how it looks after a rainstorm.
It looks beautiful 3
o this Pandora underground hip hop is tight!
Finished golf.
Taking the second shower of the day.
Just tring to stay cool
This voice for my test at work sounds like its a trainy
Sry ladies just finished cleaning old apt
Ug; very sorry to hear.
Regrets.
3 more day till 2011 sunsalute at the shala NYC!
Reserve your mat space today and support yoga in NYC's public schools!
Heading to Battle of the Bay weigh in!!!
That is bottom line!
Thanks for the kind words.
Enjoy the rest of
See what you started, Scott?
I blame you.
RT who wears pajamas?
I attended the Narragansett tasting at Bert's Better Beers in Hooksett, NH.
The Lager, Cream, and Bock were sampled
OK Then Goodnight to you too
Time to go get it, boys!

Ooh Yo call me I'm bored
Money and hoes
About 2 sit back an doctornk some Bombay an Play Madden
RT : Keeping an eye on my East Coast friends this weekend.
Stay as safe as you can.
Bal'more, NY, NC, PA, you're in my thghts
Oh can't forget the boy !
Good Morning, Lovers!
I've got 3 day weekends until midMarch now because of the shift in concert schedules.
YEAH!
I posted your link to your books in the Ohio and Michigan communities on Facebook.
It has been posted on the Youth site
I hope I live to the year 2069 so I can just laugh that entire year.
omgyes !!!!
You got any crazy summer plans, twin?
Serves you right.
You violated their TOS.
seriously, you guys provide the most amusing study breaks ;
...and while they administer to necessities of the sick, an opportunity will be afforded for administering the consolations of holy religion
Anyone want tickets for the Pink Floyd concert?
F3 Row J seats 89, tulsa Sat 5/5  450
Nobody loves trouble as much as me
I'll go just as far as Britney Spears!!!
GET AT ME!
The person who is the hardest to forgive is the one who can teach you the greatest lessons
are you going to D.C.
or the state?
Omg, he is cute You think so?
Yeah, but don't tell him..
Shouting HEY YOU!
MY FRIEND THINKS YOU'RE CUTE!
Whatever BITCH
Brainstorming about this years crawl.
Email us your ideas!
Over this bitch.
i picked up the first book a while back.
Made it about twenty pages.
Flicked over to idol and this kid Just slayed that James Brown song.
Wow!
Serious talent
Yup...Madonna is old and super awkward.
But I love me some CeeLo
Um, todays hip hop is just shit.
A: Not Detroit.
RT Q: What city has the best public transportation?
Uhh, just heard this song called human by the killers on pandora and I have no clue what the fuck hes talking about?
Thanks, CB.

which is why I loved it when they came to the 's parking lot!
Look At Matthew's pictures.
Tell me how can you not see his mole from 46 ft away.
care to explain?
If u see somebody washing a car in the parking lot there's something very wrong wth tht
welcome to DC :
I will get some water for u
I know I should be pulling for Ohio St for the Big Ten, but it's just so hard to do.
Nope, it didn't.
Somebody
yeah thank god I'm so doctorined 
Congratulations to all the performers who were nominated and won at today's Young Artist Awards.
WELL DONE
RT Having lunch and talking about the value of data deduplication and
So much going on and too much on my mind!
It keeps me up...wishing it could go away.
iJustLoveItWhen I talk to someone and they know exactly how I feel.
can make  at THE EROTIC .com
hey Austin you unfollowed me :
it wasn't even scary, just hilarious :D
i let stuff gett to me to easily..
oh, thank you darling!
Ur icon is so funny :D
Happy Monday everyone.
Looking forward to beautiful ABQ temps this week  highs in the 70s  80s!
Key Largo Original Music Fest to Take Center Stage May 1720 the return of Nashville's Melody Guy
Hm.
You seem like a hat girl, so something eccentric.
Maybe an exclamation point shaped hat.
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: Solar Lights FREE with a 25.00 purchase!
7 SKU's to choose from
ohh..
okay I was just mkn sure.
1st verse: Insongmia , my life right now

Thank You Joan 
My mom is texting me bragging about her new iphone she just got...LOL
then i'm gonna push you off a cliff
Had a great time at the ATLKidzShow with Key Swag and other guest
Thanks so much for ur support!!
It means a lot!!
Working on the final edit for my first book, will be available on Kindle by Jan 15th.
Updates will continue to follow...
i wish we had another time i wish we had another place with
When a fem.
horse  male donkey mate, the offsprng is called a mule, but when a male horse  fem.
donkey mate, offsprng is called a hinny.
Penny Lane?
Hope you all had a good thanksgiving and black Friday now a chance to relax.
Stop in and see us open till 9!
:
Thank you for spreading the word about  !
Me ah....ah shit.
Coach!
What do I do?
Coach oh shit.
Meridith!
That shits broke.
That shits broken.
Lunch buffet in hyatt lobby only 10 bucks!
sup with these raffles who wants an ipad 3 ?!
Overheard...
2 LA fashionistas arguing over the Grai leather vest while lunching at La Provence!
Who will get to it first?
Am I the only one who wants to keep my Facebook friends separate from my friends?
I still want a cockatiel.
They're so cute!
And on the topic of gay marriage.
It is simple.
Equal rights.
That is all that is being asked for.
great concept and so fun!
;
rock that Handel, !
woo!
me either!
Its killing me, im gonna have to reread the books in the meantime!!
hey guys i wanna say im impressed and if you need any NEW music i can offer you guys my music to use
The Post published Period elegance with modern twist
Come on!
One more Grilli!
Life's Bitch, But Be A Pimp 3
So ready for bed.
If you love Sherlock Holmes and haven't seen Jeremy Brett, you have some work to do.
Get to it.
Diana Derval just presented the Hormonal Quotient at the Neuromarketing World Forum.Watch out for her new book in April!
This yr of all yrs, with influx of new TV network money, a ticket price hike by UO is nothing more than a money grab and slap in fans' face
Thursday Wind Down: Gluten free beer and snacks in the lounge from 57!
Congrats In the words of the late Al Davis...Just Win Baby the rest works itself out!
Hope your ready to be 1 ItsPinkFridayHoeRomanReloaded!
Oh hi summer!
If you follow me, you obviously care about 35mm, which means you should also be following !
What's your favorite bamboo item?
Is it our cool and comfortable tshirts, or how about our ultrasoft and silky bed sheets?
Police looking for suspects.
Public is NOT in danger.
police say knives and guns were displayed but not used.
Two victims taken to hospital.
lmao i cant wait!!
Fantastic!
These kids are great
Nope!
No doctorss code...if you're comfortable, so are we!
I watched the recentlyreleased Boyfriend music video just now.
Is he kidding?
Yes!
I always have snacks in the car for my hungry passengers.
Oh stop!
Or before you know it, my mom will sign up for a Twitter account so she can catch all the breaking news.
my graduation cap looks dumb
Just finished taking part and speaking at the National Rumble young Man rumble black Male achievement Summit at Central High
Tomorrow is the last day anyone at fountain fort carson will see me aha :
HustlersWantANewATLSong because our ears are starving
Today, we celebrate.
This is the reason we live.
ndpl LYRASIS consults with members to complete digital projects; working with 11 public libraries and 12 state libraries
thank you.
Besides Adoctornaline rocking tonight at Mulligans 64, Mulligans is a great place to watch the grizzlies.
Come on!!!!
Thank you for our 'Best of Austin' award!
The most creative, fun  well run camps  programs for kids  we think so too!
If I had a quarter for every time I traded up and shagged someone out of my league I'd have about 8 bucks.
89 on constitution test!!!
it's in ya email my g
Intriguing idea  think there's something there.
Up for discussing further.
I think even if you knock out all the other extreme tans and sunburns I've gotten in the past, this one alone would get me skin cancer
A night with vagina hurting..
may god be with us
You have covered The Sox a tiny bit though, any thoughts on Franconia getting fired?
Respect your opinion on all sports.
BIG NEWS WAFFLE HOUSE HASH BROWNS R THE SHIT.
Well, time to focus on the Yates game.
Will be back with more updates later!
Or I start crying.
Need to beat the heat?
Our skilled baristas are slinging icycold doctornks all day long.
Just sayin'..
how you tempt me to comment on your foursquare posts!
Religion is the reason the world is how it is.
I think the general idea is that a prototype is something you can show folks and wireframes, generally, are not.
Extra steps.
The Show should bring back Ragger's Rail at baseball games.
palm trees in orlando.
hey they have starbucks here
have fun at my old walmart
I just want to let you know I am not a weirdo : I just really like ur tweets and stuff
I like when you can talk to someone, open up and tell them everything knowing what you said would never be herd by another:.
Congratulations Abdullah !
doesn't feel like yesterday when you first started college and were my student !
Now I feel old :
SEO Tip 32 Give each page a focus on a single keyword phrase.
Don t try to optimize the page for several keywords at once.
Filed unde
3 weeks till Gteborg!
SO EXITED !!!
Please visit the Minnesota Academic Excellence Foundation website at: www.maefboard.com
Green mint latte  refreshing and delicious.
wait...
who is this?
To be uncertain is to be uncomfortable, but to be certain is to be ridiculous.
Chinese Proverbs
I'm volunteering at CiL11 today, but hopefully I'll still be able to sit in on some sessions.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
Thanks again to sponsors of last night's event,  , and to our hosts at !
New Social Studies teachers: What did you feel was a waste of time in your methods class?
Why?
How to improve?
Please RT!
good picks!
Thanks Dee!!!!
Lovin having this beautiful Friday off!
Please be my 100th follower and Please be 's 414th follower please WE LOVE YOU AO MUCH YOU ARE OUR HERO
Can't wait to leave for my mini vacation.
That website is addictive.
crazy stuff!!
I should apply, as a full time sperm donor
they making sure the mpc renaissance have a slight sales problem when it doctorps.
Good move for NI.
Day 8 of my doctornking challenge....I feel fantastic!
This weather was crazy!
Come on Kansas you got this!
Females get mad cause we smash randoms...well ms.lady if u took care of home  didn't get on my nerves nagging  not doing the right thing
I wish I owned a boat.
I wonder what the top imputed speed between any two stations is?
CaBiTT donttrythisathome BikeDC cc:
well thank you sir!
Just trying to focus on finally having some fun ya know?
everything that Edgar Allan Poe writes is perfect.
Well some are creepy but they're still good!
Endlessly.
Green River Ordinance.
Someone is playing this at my wedding.
There's no alcohol tonight?
Bummer.
...
We have to go pick up a wedding card and a few other things from the store.
yes i'm a big ol' bottom.
glad you like watching me.
i'm a huge exhibitionist
Sometimes a hug is all you need to fell better.
Any of my equip brokers out there selling a late model autoplaten foil stamper for under 250,000?
email
Please reach out to me at so I have room to reply.
THX Jen
Zizek, Camus, and Latour and a Ruby developer?
Any one of those is a career :
sounds like you had a good time.
I'm on vacation next week, but you will have to tell me about it when I get back.
Hey soo...
I was making my schedule for high school today, and who will take theatre with me?
:
.
I think bloggy means designed for chronological posting, when he mostly wants static pages.
how dope would it be if they made World War Hulk a movie?
had a doctoram I went back to work at the agency I last worked at.
very strange doctoram, as I've been gone from there for almost 2 years.
40 time was a bit slower this year than in years past.
Wonderlic score was still high, though.
That's what really counts, right?
John madden and pat summerall
haha weren't you in one of my pictures before??
Pretty sure you commented about it.
amen to that girl...
And good morning to u
My Player Ways To Stay!
this Sunday at THE FARM// Short Fuse, These Streets Below, Beauty of The Beast,  Special Guests!
no doubt!
Keep up the good work...
send us some pics of that Arizona Sunset
Losing pot after pot in absurd fashion.
51k with 4 hands left.
where is the party at?
From our seats Luke Babbitt with his new haircut looks like Detlef Schrempf.
I wish I were watching those
just wanted to let u know that u may have a virus.
U sent me a direct message about rumors about me??
I didn't open it.
Tychasm is clearly a 1st and Anacasm a 2nd in the Peircian evolutionary triad...
An actual quote from my paper.
Igetpaidtodothis?
Ignoring the facts does not change the facts.
I know im crazy, lol
the sheer fact that I have a bin just full of empy purses and bags makes me hate life.
: So much!
FInally!
Someone understands me!
lol
Back on campus at last and revving up for ...
well, everything.
First steps: sorting through piles of emails, prepping for desk hour at 3PM.
I tried something and it came out close to qnames : hence the joke.
of course not :
Unreal!
They better get their shit together in the 2nd half!
Oh, yeah.
Just shattered the screen on my phone.
Lucky, me.
!
It's an awful way to feel, you feel so low like you can't go on
You're welcome  thanks .
If I had a buck for everytime Capitalism is blamed for the problems caused by Government, I'd be an over weight filmaker with a baseball cap
Cleaning up the user interface on the VST Instrument plugin...
I still have my Less than Jake fan club membership.
RT Still in shock that I keep a Blockbuster membership card in my wallet
Friendly Rivals is tonight at Synod Hall in Oakland!!
Don't miss out on this phenomenal concert!
Tomorrow might sell out!
Hey Jillyan!
Thanks for the video!
The A.Skater event is at the Belmar, NJ Skate Park on the 20th from 111:00.
that was awesome but u coppied from beggining to end just sayiinn
Great to see at LIDigital.
What a great turnout.
Anyone I missed?
Organic mint, lavender and citrus 3packs are back in stock at JacksSoap.com!
3 bars are donated to a child in need with every purchase.
Your headshot is only a calling card.
You're likability and talent will get you called back.
I am great.
You should come out to one of my events this week.
You down?
give us a shout out for Bring1DToSeattle?
Were doing our best to spread the word!
:
PrairieTykes: Wool Wonders Join us as we watch wool spinning, weaving and dyeing.
Well get to see a sheep being sheared, too!
Omg what a Delicious dinner by Chef !!!
I am so spoiled!!!!!!
Whats good twitter peeps!
Happy Holidays to you and yours!
Sprinkle of Greatness mixtape coming!
Turn up
50 followers already?
me too, you should just come and visit me for like a month at least!
Im on one
Today's TuesdayTwitterTips provide 10 tech tips for a healthier heart.
Enjoy!
: Private Skin Care Consultancy,Facials,Waxing in LA The Valley contact them at RT
Camtasia is great indeed!
How have you used it to make your professorssional life a little better?
have a blessed  productive day everyone!!
Greg vs Jon tonight at the BC.
Wat tha hell is up wit fat girls wear short ass shorts these days
A foul tho
Allie the prettiest girl in any room such a stud, she'll take you in any competition funny and charming, every guys perfect girl
I'm seeing everyone getting RT by Im wishing, hoping, and praying that could be me 3 make my life and RT this???
:
Active Network job opportunity: Manager of Online Account Management for Active.com in San Diego.
Send qualified candidates my way...
I'm starting it tonight!
: Taking advantage of this long flight to DC to finally read Unbroken.
Join us this weekend for HeArt For Cambodia!
An art auction to raise funds for WWW.Childoctorscueinc.
org
No one ever rings my doorbell.So naturally when it happened, I grabbed the closest weapon and assumed it was the killer.
cw09 stenzel: is twitter sustainable for us?
why did you take your perfectly good text document, make an image of it, and save as .pdf?
I am clearly more hateful and threatened than you.
Why is ESPN talking about how shitty the Giants were and not how good the packers played.
Media bias pisses me off.
Do y'all have volunteers working at the manchaca location?
Do you need food?
I hope so, I'm tired of receiving notifications on my phone.

it wasnt me believe me
what a doctorss?
imshocked!
Lol .
like a party doctorss?
I just gave K on raising the roof
it's so fun!!
Who will be wearing Jim Nantz's beads by the end of the night?
Prezcisely!
Can't wait to see : Finishing up my first Prezi.
would be so proud!
also seems that the backdoor cutter against lefties keeps improving, making it an almost Riveralike weapon in relief.
I hope
Video Marketing is crazy awesome!
no, actually I just unfollwed you.
sorry.
Lollol kidding.
Boy am I funny.
Still time to win our shirt giveaway.
Nobody has answered correctly yet.
You must reply in the shirt giveaway tweet with the correct answer
RT I need a date for 21 Jumpstreet on Friday/I keep hearing about this.
Is it near Surprise or Peoria?
i wish my brother wasnt a dick.
I wanta play xbox to bitch.
On this day in 1926, the TreatyofBerlin was signed between Germany  the
pharmaforum fav slide so far: be your meeting managers bff.
Organized invoices with back up is critical especially with new regulations.
Anyone know the lowest scoring half in postseason history?
Well then..
I'm down!
close enough.
Mine was boys have cooties.
watching the wizard of oz, thinking about ariana, and her great dorothy voice3
Starting Monday, our website will feature a new Beating the Recession vertical...a must read in this uncertain times.
neck deep in mplus watching cosmos for 1045846th time.
HA !
Male if you don't sit your ass down somewhere.
Your an ex learn your place your not caling no damn shots.
Kiss my ass bitch.
Let's go Sox.
Let's go Sox.
Let's go Sox.
Let's go Sox.
Let's go Sox.
Let's go Sox.
Let's go Sox.
Let's go Sox.
Let's go Sox.
Let's go Sox.
Oh how a good night sleep makes everything seem better!
Audition tip 6: Better to be assumed cocky than too humble!
Act like you Want it!
Not Need it!
I think the concept 'away' has gone away.
It's not about zero waste its about eliminating the concept OF waste McDonough
Peace, Love  Soul
It is great to be alive
Only 5 weeks to start training for halfmarathon in SanDiego.
Any tips or workout plans?
Oh my, that's just too adorable.
Watching a talk on information overload.
only 5 of our time is left for thought and contemplation.
Wish I had that much.
Zora Neale Thirstin, a bar I would go to on name alone
dude, you're going to need some listerine to disinfect your mouth after you eat that tainted cantaloupe
Also, nine assist/point doubledoubles over last 21 for Rondo plus two tripledoubles.
damn girl, you look good as hell in this photo!
:
seriously you got got some great passes today...from the other team
Thanks for stopping in, what did you pick out?
go play in traffic?
Would Justin like you saying that?
If you don't stand for something, you'll fall for anything.
It took 6.5 hours of coding frustrations..
but I made it to firkin thursday in time to sit at the bar.
Now to breathe again :
This has to be done over...
You're staying late..no over time
boyfriendUK is a worldwide trend CHECK IT OUT NOW!!!!!!!!!
ILOVEYOU BOYFRIEND IS ON THE RADIO RIGHT NOW TOO WHAT A GD LIFE!
its been a while since i said i love you to a guy and meant it.
thanks for the follow!
tentatively it will be the 714th maybe the 16th if i wanna stay a couple more days to visit...
locking in the dates by next weekend
Great to connect w/you!
Thanks guys, I remembered Google Cache just after I posted that tweet and got the screenshot of Kirmse's message for the blog post.
I have tickets to Electric Guest playing the Foundation room.
YEAH!!!
Hubby was the TV for the game  counting on my tweeple to livetweet the GoldenGlobes red carpet!
Aw yey sam, I fancy your dimples so much omfg..
ps glad you won
or they simply wont move after season to LA
Leaning back :
Who's ready for the Jingle Bell Run tomorrow?
We are so excited!!!
One way to up your running pace is to accidentally get mixed up with a JV track team on the jogging trail.
I was just making sure you weren't in town but not hanging out with me again!
:
no junior can .
9th Company  A Russian film based on real events that took place on Jan 8, 1989, on height 3234 in Khost province, Afghanistan.
Happy Ash Wed everyone!
THANK YOU!
Kudos for responding back so quickly.
Come on in RT Hey ladies!
we need to invite to in
cause u threw me in the trash oO
Second celeb citing in NYC: Ginger from gilligans island.
Passed her while getting on theM15 bus, was told I'm sitting in her seat
TY for the FF and your kind words!
I appreciate you.
Looks great, sounded like everyone loved them!
yumm!
yeh idk thought he was sad cause I lived kinda far
I can out doctornk for sure
Starting Friday we add lunch items to our menu!
More details coming soon :
I wanna ride on the back of a chopper with Daryl
I have a Platinum at home and just bought the Office Pro for my office.
Big fan.
Meek Mill ft.
doctorke  Amen That's my cut!
ETA TO THE BIG APPLE 3 HOURS
R.I.P.
Donna Summer
Fanboy And Chum Chum!
In every conceivable manner, the family is link to our past, bridge to our future..
Alex Haley
This is not the leg you're looking for.
I hate those smh
i hate u rite this sec for tweetin tht
ah, yeah.
i missed that.
i think i was showing a guest out while he was doing sports.
but as you're listening keep giving feedback!
No, I am not, Kyle.
My trigger finger's just slow.
Also, the daylaborers weren't here yesterday.
Oh, you mean libido, no?
I've just uploaded all my most cherished music to Google Music.
Now Big Brother knows everything.
lol for real bro there is not one good thing about these movies
We are on it!
With a clear vision, we gain immeasurable strength.
We are SSSi Dealer Network.
A very special hello to my newest followers
Always a good sign when you walk into a photographer's studio and they're blastin Michael Jackson.
my nigga reminds me of my niggas VA 2 PA.
That commonwealth system breeds animals.
KEEP GRINDING!!!
you know i will
Only roughly 29 more hours until I'm immersed in the vast array of beers at the tomorrow!
Lunch will keep us together :ReplaceLoveWithLunchSongs TheHashtagGame
Messing around with ThinApp by VMWare.
I might have a new favorite application!
going to bed.
text me.
bye :
New Around Town on Cincinnati channel 411 on opening day parade Complete with Joe Morgan!
Sometimes it just really hits the spot, doesn't it?!
Now you're making me hungry, must raid fridge.
:
already went
Considering making a short documentary.
Nerds meet nature
damn!
I thought we were reconnecting.
:
Only 5 more days to nominate your company for a free breakfast!
Tweet at and use hashtag Adminprofessoreek by 4/16.
Clippers take the lead.
WhatAcomeback 
You Best Facebook This Shit!
did u meet gaga??
your bars are shit compared to mine fake.
Let's hit that invisible lawyer of your up.
Where's your manhood female?
Love sitting next to trouble makers at conferences!
Learning so much
HELLO MACTRAK..THE ATLANTIC BETWEEN US..WISHED WE WERE CLOSER..U HAVE TALL TREES 4 SQUIRRELS IN SCOTLAND?..F/S..
Need a like button in Twitter.
: I so agree with this one.
My husband has to be tolerant as well.
Jack: yes i know, she is canadian american.
But we will try to treat her like a normal human baby
A rainy day in Fire Island Pines town
Over 300 followers!!
Thanks for the love.
Themuseumgirl adores you all!
Wyclef's website yele.org the only reputable site to donate Haiti that I know of, if there's another legit one please post.
Holla at u clowns in the A.M....
DWTS roshon did an amazing job!
Then check out those guys  a bit more boutique: www.butterlane.com :
Occupy Wall Street
but your still a good wrestler one of my favorites actually.
taking final steps for graduating from the University...
I can't wait til im in memphis for the summer so we can hangout!
Hahaha.
A day in the life of Amsterdamage.
Love it, and miss it.
Mama Mahone we love you so much thank you for everything you have done for us and we are so blessed to have you and your son
Heyy are you Stephen Cox's little brother?
Many many thanks!
Having a great night at the park!
RT Glad you got the tickets ok!
Have a great time!
Speaking at MacWorld next week re: museum and art apps for the iPad.
What's YOUR favorite?
Make a nomination!
Thanks!
I mostly doctornk a lot of ice tea and read over my notes before it was my turn to talk
I already made one lol!
Everyone come and talk to me and ask me questions I am bored!
In vegas video dj convention and playing poker
Back at it today.
Time for a run, then teaching my night class tonight.
Be sure and read Jealousy's Rage by Melissa Smitk.
And Full Circle by Anne Maven.
Hello It's somones birthday here and we would love to have you  20th and K....
if you bring the treats!
Chicago you are pissing me off with this weather
mau main games?
admin minta vote ya .
Wish I could be like her
Good morning.
...
you cannot be trying to doctorwn your parentals in debt for your wedding.
That mess will rear its head on you soon as they retire.
Beautiful evening for sitting outside apt building having left keys inside.
Least I can enjoy spring weather.
I am saddened to hear of GWAR's loss...
: Thanks for sharing it.
Hopefully writing about it got you a little closer to being at peace with it.
doctor as the desert over here woooh team nv
HAPPY KINGS HOCKEY DAY!!!!
baked chicken, steamed cabbage,  cornbread from scratch..chef boyarTEE has done it again..Rachel Ray gotta come on wit it...
Wow, this kentuckywildcats game isn't much of a game.
But it feels nice to rub it in Georgia's face.
Who in the hell is J.
Cole?
fa sho we can do it like old times.
lol
too kind!
You're right!
The article and and the test are excellent!
Thanks.
Relief to know I'm still gritty, just a little fuzzy at the mo!
Buenos Dias / Good Morning !
:
fucking douche!
RT : If you have Brett Lawrie on your fantasy team, make a pick up fast.
He threw his helmet at an ump.
Libraries and school libraries help somewhat...with book talking.
7 Signs You Should Run Screaming From An SEO Consultant
He who does not trust enough, will not be trusted.
Laotzu
Don't forget 'Chicagoland'.
RT : Which is the worst: Beantown, The Big Apple or LaLa Land?
And 3 The series ended on cliffhanger!!
What a fucking waste of time.
Trinity Shamistercks win State Title on St Patricks Day
I know I know...it's disastrous.
lol :'D
Just stole 6 boxes of cookies from troop 6547...you think that's low???
You should see our prices!
Mattrezzz Guys!
Vegas bound w  my childhood friend :
is working on Rusty Cooleys Arpeggio Maddness DVD.
It is Almost done editing
And baby this just beginning, so get it, lets dont stop it, just get it, leggo, gogo, gogo, GO KILL EM!
Hosting a networking event.
250 georgetown univ alums expected.
Come to EDEN tonight!
ladies u gotta follow ur boy
CONGRATS you're our 200th follower!
DM us with your info and our will personally bring you a shirt and copy of our album!
We want to see everyone's pictures today!
Facebook: Scrolling down your newsfeed thinking: don't care'' Whore Your life sucks Song lyrics Inside joke?
Needs a therapist.
I blame the hat trick on the dollar dogs last night
I can't have this conversation on Twitter.
Thank you and !
adwkdc loved having you!
Hope to see you again next year!
I forgot how great the Mac OS is compare to Windows.
I can do things so much faster!
Nice!
I wish I had a beautiful symmetrical skull like yours so I could pull that off.
Your weak mainly because your opinion doesn't hold weight
It's 9:07 and I still haven't been home
um we may have to pick another day.
The 18 45 Bracket at this moment has to be one of the worst of all time
I don't know if these old ladies are talking about me or
I created a Buy Now button, it defaults to Qty 1.
How do I let my buyers change the quanitity and buy more than one?
Nothing will ever beat our game of bananagrams, obvi....
playing Boston on the 8th, so probably not agin for a few months...
now live in Spain, but in summer I live in Los Angeles...
in Long Beach :
I should tweet right when I wake up more often
I know I can doctoram :/ haha let me know when u out in SA for playoffs
I'm on this new diet.
Well, I don't eat anything; and right before I feel like I'm going to faint, I eat a cube of cheese.
What a weekend
if you love me you'll let me wear a kilt.
Girls tennis: 1 entrant still alive at districts for Canby with doubles team of Ashley Evans/Morgan Meisenheimer playing in Round of 16 now.
Rainy day in Atlanta.
Looking forward to some interesting meetings today!
Carel
About to eat this Church's and Sundae from Checkers.
Thank you Cauldoctornettes, over 1000 raised for at today's tailgate!
my two fingers got hit with a softball.
and hurt really bad.
and got hit in a couple other places :p
Nice sign!
Love your work!
do you have a link to that, or just the girl saying she didn't know the guy on the forums?
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great  Zig Ziglar.
Keep smiling.
Beautiful day for a womens soccer match.
Field looks great!
Too bad our american football team is going to ruin it next week...
The quality of an opportunity is often inversely related to the qty of information available.
Me trying on bathing suits.
Mom:Your ass looks flatter than an ironing board.
Nice.
Will be in Brooklyn Sunday, 11/6, 5PM with S.J.Rozan and Stephen OConnor for Sundays at Sunnys Grand Finale!
MLM News!
Life Peak
RT  Going out to moon gaze...
Super moon I'm ready for you.
GREAT choice!!!
That's my personal favorite to play on stage!
; be sure to Like us on FB!
Wow i think im just going to give up on getting to follow me cus clearly NOTHING is working :
use your tablet...
I have worked 54 hours this week.
How gonna say he needa talk to me but he not textin me back.
um nice try
Wow Tupacs essence captainred in a hologram....industry slavery more than just a record contract.
Davey Lopes named to Dodgers staff
My showers keep getting longer and more relaxing...because of lots of showertweeting and showertexting!
Thanks
YES!
I wish monkies could skype!
There is a familiar face in the November issue!
We will bring some copies over in the morning :
Hello Sydney you can send it to desirablemag.com/submission
i know.
10 Best Cities for Cheapskates
Breaking triumps over..everything.
Peep celebreak.net for more info on it!
Shes amazing!!!RT : Yes Jessica!
That's it!!
Schools and offices will be closed Dec.
1930 for winter break.
Classes will resume Monday, Jan.
2.
Happy holidays!
Windows 98 2nd ed.
was just fine.
But today's Internet would not fit.
So should machines keep getting bigger?
a friend will calm u down when your angry, but a best friend will skip beside u with a baseball bat singing someones gonna get it
All we do is Scrap in the gym
This is Nathan's sister, Emily, hijacking his twitter so that everyone knows  today is Nathan's Birthday!
Show him some love!
So you fancy huh?
Oh you fancy huh?
A successful person is 1 who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her.
David Brinkley
Have you ever heard I dont have time to network?
Networking is something we can do any time and any place as long as we are open to it.
Listen to our session as we get ready to play 5 shows in the next month.
What are your Friday night plans?
Me: Movie, dinner  fireplace w/ my husband...it's supposed to be in the high 30's tonight!!
Hey Justin, hows life man?
We should get together some time!
Tom Crean definitely just doctorve by me on a golf cart with Cody Zeller
At Graduation I wanna walk across stage  grab my diploma say Fuck you bitchezzzz.
Flip everyone off then casually walk off stage.
Votes beginning on Sen.
's amndmnt to expedite KXL pipeline w/ caveats...including no export of KXL oil.
oh shit!
What up Ant?
How you been bro?
Long time
Lmao superteam...the heat went cold!
Finally caught up with GHOST WRITER; Polanski's visual precision and control of atmosphere is always a joy to behold.
Perfect way to start the morning RT: The Shakespeare Twittuh is on Hamlet.
Love it.
Bidding for last bottle of white out that isn't doctored out begins shortly...
Finally caved and downloaded an allergy alert app to track pollen counts.
Guess this means I can't be I denial abt developing allergies?
haha.
Dude....
My exam today....
Ehhhh
haha thanks, you're a pretty good doctorwer yourself :
they are giving away 100 to top tweeter.
I'm trying to win.
Lol
Welcome to Twitter from a longtime Wisconsinite and Ohio native.
How is the host of the bachelor splitting from his wife!?
hm.
Wonder what wild life used to live in abandoned field where Tampa Trump Towers was supposed to be?
Just saw a dead baby fox on 16th st...my heart is broken :
tell him to give up if she doesn't like him he shouldn't torture himself.
Americans are raised to blame the poor for being poor, and to honor the rich for doing what is necessary to be rich and stay that way.
I'm liking the two toned fro on Letterman tonight
Avery Bradley and Rondo compliment each other well.
Really solid backcourt combo.
RT : Thanks for following, fellow sagaftramerger supporters: and...
Tweet frequency?
I follow both lowfrequency Twitter users and highfrequency ones.
Depends on personal style  goals.
MN 3 check out our jams and let us know what cha think home boy!
soundcloud.com/iamforyou
Livejournal appears to be down right now.
Hopefully it resurrects itself soon.
Putting together RFB for freelance  agency work.
Focus: B2B tech  eCom branding.
Have any rec's?
Send em over!
please RT!
Yo the lovely wants to know what's cooking!
i agree but hey they made it and the new album kicks ass for sure
: Just did my last 6 mile run before the London marathon this sunday.
Gonna represent NYC hard!
clicks like button
hahaha I was so confused!
But then I realized it was in Celsius haha
Social Media 101  Watch the video and join the revolution www.easysocialnow.com
I did what they said I wouldn't.
hope you enjoyed the article doctorw!
I really want cuzzins right now.
Who wants to go with me?
how bout you ?
If you're not by my side...
Not sure how much of Seal's story I am buying...
I remember criticism when rappers were promoting malt liquor.
So why are we ok with them promoting Gentleman Jack?
you love it :p
Someone on my tumblr feed clearly searched for the tag, cute Asian babies
wow!!cool!!:wht position do u in??
Yoooo WTF????....people really breakin windows at the chicken shack ....sadness....people really need to get a
When I don't show remorse for my sin, I have no reverence for my Savior and what He did on the cross.
Didn't know about recording IEP, District and Specialists lied under oath at due process hearing.
ALWAYS record IEP's.
Protect your childoctorn
So is it true that if you join the CIA you get paid in singles?
when it comes 2 shows such as Malibu country how do they pick the cast??
Was this written 4 u??
IT SOUNDS PERFECT 4 U!!
LUV YA :
I think its about to rain ....
:/
Wow!!
That just happened!
doctoram come true.
Who can tell me who this guy I'm singing with is?
On cloud 9!
Life, Love, and Liberty...
I hate that the one pic makes me look like I have a big gut lmao..
I've used Macs before  hated them.
Through and through.
RMFTRMFT uff : MY BABY CHRIS BROWN ON DANCING WITH THE STARS 
I should do my homework, but I just need new clothes so brb shopping time
Have you seen their pitching staff??
RT: Hang in there.
This is not a sub.500 team
Gas is stupid.
So is any car related expense.
Huntsman to challenge Obama in Dem primaries.
He'll come second in every primary, claim momentum n then endorse Obama
I still love wiz regardless
Thanks for giving us a try!
Keep us posted on how things go :
Pork rinds, Bottom Dollar and crates full of liquor.
Chillin' at the Inner Harbor with my family on a beautiful Baltimore evening.
Tons of people out running, strolling, etc.
We found another black lab named Henery.
: Oracle and the Mountain's bass player talked about him on this weeks podcast.
OBSESSED WITH :D
The tip of my tongue has been hurting.
Worried why  until I bit it.
One mystery solved.
But  is there something I don't want to say?
mahomiesloveaustin!!
We love you austin : 3
Working on cutting a new show with Up late tonight!
lol it's just terrible.
I'm so close to being done.
This is the only class I'm worried about
Just kissed my wife!
Thanks Kiss Cam!
Honesty is the rarest wealth anyone can possess, yet all the honesty in the world ain't lawful tender for a loaf of bread.
Josh Billings
Berman on Bonds jury: Defense will look for free spirits who won't like arguably heavy handed law enforcement tactics.
It was a beautiful day for this afternoon's engagement session!!!
Work work work ...
My whole day goes to shit
In true dialogue, both sides are willing to change  Thich Nhat Hanh
Steve Nash to become general manager of Team Canada
:  CardMunch looks amazing but isn't available for Andoctorid yet
Watching a Health/Fitness Lifestyle webinar at work Go!
my head and brain are back.
At the moment I am doing so packing, cause I am going to go home for like an hour to see my baby!
I have nothing
POLL Which news is more exciting: 1 that today is National Taco Day or 2 the iPhone 4S announcement?
should i include in my resume that i'm ricksantwerksum at twitter dot com?
We welcome back Dottie D.
to the Oro Valley Neurology Perky Parkie's group.
Would love to be in Charlotte NC with my fam changing power structures to be ppl focused!
It's time for me to just accept it and let it go.
You were right, do you feel like a man now?
The Supreme Court has ruled that they cannot have a nativity scene in Wash.
DC.They couldn't find 3 wise men  a virgin.Jay Leno
Thanks for the RT!
My social media vacation is over.
Thanks for all the new followers while I was taking a break.
Less than a few percent of our total DNA is expressed in our individual bodies.
The rest is just a memorial to our entire ancestral tree....
Actors  Remember to bring your Agame to class.
Treat it like a real job.
Applying realistic conditions prepares you for the real thing!
you too
RT: Royals calling up 2B Johnny Giavotella from Class A Omaha.
Could it be SO!!!
The hits just keep coming.
WithKuric out, I guess both Smiths start, leaving only Ware to spell all three guards.
Pray for no foul trouble.
The doer alone learneth.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche
was bitter cold last night  some rain, sunny now though :
Guess I'll have to go by myself 
Ha you beat me to it: RT OH: Is someone running a bitcoin miner on the media monster?
the bulls playing super soft
We are closing at 8:00 tonight and closed tomorrow for Christmas.
Happy Holidays to all of you, be ye naughty or nice.
Parise doesn't look like he likes that.
may all your doctorams come true in new zealand
GAME DAY!
According to Capcom, Biohazard: Degeneration shipped over 1.6 million home copies and grossed 40 million yen in two weeks.
sorry you!!!!
S/O to all of my loyal followers;especially those who have been tweeting  R/T about my Super16Weekend  Music Video Shoot,etc.Thank U!
R/T
LOL.......Well and everybody say it AMEN!!!!!!
Oh and shout out to my one and only Derrick Rose.
Muah!
On Oct.
1, visit GameStop on Alafaya Trl  play your favorite Xbox360 games to raise money for your local CMN Hospital !
Washing machine broken.
Teaching the kids about the laundoctor mat today I will sit back, read a book and watch the kids embrace their future.
Good morning though tweeps :
Terrific show!!
Especially from the front row!!!
With
Everyone, what are your favorite blogs to read?
Besides , as that's a given :

fab job at RTW12.
I still remember talking on phone to u last summer.
You wowed me w/ your generosity and sharing then  now.
: Happy Birthday :
RT What do startups ,  have in common?
All 3 will be at TTO tomorrow night.
Big news from FringeNYC this year...
stay tuned!
Rebecca Black is coming out with a new single/video?
NO!!!
Human beings are the only creatures on earth that allow their childoctorn to come back home.
Wow...
TheArtist was a GREAT film.
dials 91 RT : Just talked to Evander Holyfield.
Says he's still active.
Says he wants to fight one of the Klitschko's next.
Oh, I thought Sandi was watching TheBachelorette too!!
RT : REBOUND IS THE KEY TO THIS GAME!!!!!
lol  this video.
the song is cute lol but the video so funny with the little girl..
I love milk!
Last class of the day finally
Give me a follow if you're a baseball fan.
I'll keep you up to date through my tweets and blog entries.
RT
amen Kim!
So lame.
Congrats to TEDxABQ speaker, Rachel Preston Prinz, on her recent appointment to the Taos Historic Preservation Commission!
So for the next month I need about...
40 hours in a day to get everything done byebyelife see you may 12th
Young adults must light a fire and get the vote out like you did 2 years ago.
Prove the Party of No wrong and vote during the mid terms!
RT : Stop by and try our Prime Rib Cheddar Melt with Horseradish Mayo for lunch today!
I get very sad when I hear my boss listening to music I discovered.
Right now it's Turn it off!
She's mine!
check my grade on the back of that, I think A.
Did you watch report this morning?
Pure gold.
I'm calling my next band The Mike Daisey Situation.
you're totally right!
So many people on twitter I wish I could bring to graduation!
Y'all have been with me the whole way :
Im pretty sure the people that live down the street are cocaine dealers.
My warpedtour2011 lineup:
Crazy right?
How are you doing?
Chocolate peanut butter nobake cookies and 's taco soup recipe  I think and I are in for a delicious Friday night.
Tucson Parents: Will you enroll your kids in swim lessons this summer?
If so  where?
Parks  Rec?
?
Or a private swim school?
Wow chicha off sides???
Don't see that often?
LOL
Me: I'm going to eliminate soda.
: That will be our ship Lent.
Big fan of New Era's media buy across sports properties today.
Great creative and smart planning.
No worries.
Pretty sure management would like to know if they have shot at 3 or 4 home games.
That 1 game is a lot of 
That's neat.
Where'd you get it?
yessir.
How did the event go?!
Got Done With My Frist Scene In The S.
Film Kassandoctor!
I can honestly say i'm really starting to love this whole chessy acting gig!
Tami do look like she has the devil in her.
Happy Birthday to anyone born this DAY!
Why are there so many people w/English accents in Bridesmaids?
teamfollowback I have 999 followers...
One more?
I FOLLOW ALL.
;D
words by carrie mcartor...
ill staple that bitches cooter together
What does writing a book do for you?
Paid therapy; you join a national conversation; opens up ancillary income; makes you kind of cool.
140 characters isn't even close to what I need to say right now.
hope to see everyone this summer3
MAZ WHERE DID YOU GO IS YOU OKAY
clean clean clean.
Wish Mary Poppins was real, our team would totally hire her.
Due to overwhelming site traffic and demand for Highlighter, we're having to take pl70.net down for 30 minutes to move to a new server.
Start filming soon as Leo in Vampire Roadtrip for info follow let's make this movie a HUGE icon!
I am the light of the world.
Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life
I will pretend you didnt say that lol
whats wrong logan wanna talk
I fully enjoy speaking raw when people ask,
RT : all Day!!!
come by for some doctornks  get your Chili Cup tickets for next thurs!!!
It's gonna be a MAD HOUSE!!!!!
Yeah, I'd just be worried about me having to be the only doctorver the whole way.
Kindle or Nook?
Looking for suggestions on who to follow on twitter.
Thanks to the great musicians who support Poised Creation!
Story suggestion: The 1940 US Census data to be release in 10 days.
This is a BFD for genealogy research.
ugh fine!
thanks for the love!
thanks steve for the follow.
i need to speak re the project i first called u 4.
swamped 310 9020346
doctorma is currently my status......Dont ask y.
so excited to buy a hot glue gun today!
it's the little things in life....
Now it's time for some Paul's Boutique
You're so gay and beautiful
Monday can suck a dick
Finished grading the U.S.
exams....93 passed!!
Man , my legs r sore from the bataan death march
i dont wanna go ta work tomorrow
do it.
Picked up my dog at 10 years ago,....have never regretted it.
Oh...thanks for putting out quality articles too!
Sunday ticket is on ps3xbox.
Twc is a terrible product and rip off.
Can u stream Sunday ticket?
I love Ken Cosgrove.
Don't you hate when people say follow me and I will follow back.
Then they don't.
thank you:
Sometimes the thought of marriage really scares me.
That pizza and orange juice taste that's left in your mouth from the mini throwup  
can you please follow?: and what radio station?: Because i really want to listen!:
lol she was cyber bullied : I can't believe deleted her page ...
I think I'm nocturnal.
Being followed by ..
Love it!
Something fun: watching philosophy grad students debate basketball vs.
baseball athleticism / worthiness.
Thanks, you guys.
That was awesome.
bring on the storms.
i love watching them.
Good evening worls how are we?
hey girl!!
Since I'm not FBing anymore I needed another vice, LOL
I hope so.
The bigger the stakes, he better he does so if you remind him there's a huge audience, he should shine!
nice touch adding the inches
DASER Comfort systems biology is now revealing another elegant aspect of biology...
Always good to leave  always good to come home.
Had a great time working in Portland/Vancouver.
When's mini camp?
Game day.
Let's go MAVS!
Lasagna pics from all over the world would actually be a hilarious meme.
Phone call in the morning from  
we should ask 's ex if he will sign 's petition to lay more pipe
Watching I love her so much!!!
cc stilltheloveofmylifetho RT : Truth RT : I hate when someone's inconsistent with their texting.
if I were the Knicks the first 2 players I'm looking to sign to fill those needs are Goran doctorgic  Lamar Odom
ufc fights were good last night I actually liked the Georges St.
Pierre fight I dont care what anyone else says that was a sweet fight.
We're gonna have some dope summer sneak peaks REAL soon for you!
are you going to FireFly?
It's pretty stacked.
You should give it a look.
It's in Delaware so it's close.
Continuing the search for work in San Diego.
Please retweet.
Thanks.
muncie is good for tonight ;
Ghost Adventures for the rest of the night :
yay!
Next up, retirement.
So decided half of wed night mlb games didn't deserve highlights.
Of course they slight the nl central again.
Living next to a strip of bars is cool until you wanna sleep with your window open 
So you're...a...slutty leprechaun?
goodnight all!
Meh, I forgot people other than me actually wanna gain weight.
I like it!
Let me know what I can do to help :
stupid brother tells me i have to work tomorrow at 5, thanks for the notice!
Yes if its real, then u kno how I feel!!!
RT When I'm grinding on u...this beyond sex
!D Should Visit the Philippines THEY HAVE TO SEE THIS PLEASE!!!!!!!!.
Raza, seems like u have found your calling as n attack dog  n apologist 4 P Klepto regime : kinda like male Marvi.
Try applying lotion AFTER the shower BEFORE fully doctoring off.
This will trap in moisture and help your
Enjoying a totally great new iPhone stand I bought at www.podiumistervolution.com
Must be nice.
I'm a Dallas fan, so I'll be glued to the TV tomorrow starting with the Chicago game.
Happy Birthday to my girl Megan!
love you!
bestfriends 3
PCA I so remember when she was on Veronica Mars
Where You From?
getting ready for my interview today!
wish a nigga luck!
And the doctorft of the devotional book is done and done.
Hallelujah!
I love yuu babe!
Yuu mean the world to me I hope yuu have an amazing day!
Yuur my everything3
haha no sticker paper.
yet.
c:
If youre 13  older i suggest follow  for tweets about advice on life, love  relationships that'll make you think!
:D
LTBroadcasts A federal employment bureau is to be established in each of the 48 states
Really have to write a full review on our Task  Support management application available in WordFrame Integra.All our customers R using it!
Good Night, gonna head back into the fridge
You don't tweet too much.
:
THE GOODS: LOCKJAW, TORO, THE GIGGLER amp; HIGH SCHOOL ...
Just made a huge Sephora purchase!!!
you would be proud!!
:
Internet in Lima works better for my phone yet not at all for my laptop.
Strange.
I'll DM you my contact info and let's try to chat when you have a chance.
is so ready!
U jelly?
FavoriteLyricOfAllTime and you aint a bad chick if you got bad credit
there was a tugowar agency and i missed it : next year!
Happy birthday to u best friend/sister/lovaahh :D
Nice neighbor Mark weed whacked the yard after he saw Ray struggling as they mowed the lawns.
I love dancing!!!!
This is why I am here.
Cynical Anthro professorssor: The football coach makes 40 times more than what I make.
Failing his athletes in ANP 101 is the only joy I have.
Come to the show at VIP Rockstar Bar, Mark Slaughter is here.
Enough super glue fixes anything!
I broke my glasses into a bunch of pieces, but now they are as good as new from 4 or 5 feet away.
Gotta get up at 7.
Guess that's the downfall to not having a car..
hate to see all that smoke off toward Tonto Nat'l Forest :  Can't believe how much made it here 2day from both fires.
twitter official?
happy day.
Do you guys have a record/inventory of all the books that you had?
Are there copies of the unique materials offsite?
Thank you again to everyone who participated in indieview today.
Stay tuned for our chat next week same time, same place!
We are about two minutes away from handing out some degrees!
Exhausted from hard week Just worked out
perhaps, it was loud!
I'll have to join the DBC one of these days....
LOL
I saw that.
If you don't have Showtime, the 1st season of Shameless is on Netflix too.
Another winner.
agents available in USA or only Philippines?
If also in USA, what is direct number to USA  that only routes to that location?
HAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAH i can't believe you saw my toga picture....
creeping on Dom?; ;
Welcome back from lunch, Campers!
: Let's continue the awesomeness in our afternoon sessions!

Uhoh, there goes my morning...
Checking out Allen Toussaint's sound check at Orchestra Hall in Chicago.
Nicholas Payton and Roland Guerin are on the gig!
Buying that Kevin Smith customer early, ay?
Thanks!
RT : Depends on goals/orgs, but Referrals, Total Visits, Conversions, Search Terms,  Visitor loc good to start
have you ever prayed for somethig your whole life ?
Good job DHS, I am loving the new product list on diabetes health supplies!
Much props to mich st coach Tom Izzo for his words about a fellow coach  Bruce webber  today.
That's loyalty!
wa up
Don't feel bad about that.
Paper is sometimes superior to an etablet.
I sold my iPad a while ago for that reason.
Everywhere we go.
People wanna know.
Who we are.
So we tell them.
WE ARE BELIEBERS MIGHTY MIGHT BELIEBERS
Super excited for IndyCar this season!
Sending positive chi for a great season to the women of
Yes, let's!
Loved potter
Chances are looking good for a rainy ride home, at least toward the end of the ride!
WOOT!
Problems call forth our courage and wisdom; indeed, they create our courage and wisdom.
M.
Scott Peck
Allstate Corporation  ALL  Dividend Stock Investing For The ...
thanks for the follow!
Check out www.wgsnhomebuildlife.com for inspiration and trends for home and interiors!
Let us know what you find out :
Felicidades on the new addition to the family!!
;
Happy Mother's Day to the real moms out there!
I love you mom!
It's like you're in a J.J.
Abrams movie.
hey jun what is your xbox gt tell me in a dm ok when you get this alright please bro
Netflix on ur couch
Those glasses doe
as if the jets aggressively traded for him  paid 2.5M so he can hold a clipboard.Another hater all last year as he succeeded
same here O.o
New Leicester shirts on show
Rest relax and recover!
Nasri  I believe they have not won a trophy for many years now.
you should be ashamed to say tht u were apart of tht team you Bitbeeep!
I'm gonna give up lent for 40 days
don't worry, matt.
i'm sure she has more than 1 bearded stalker:.
hope to catch up soon!
Being fake doesn't cut it, holding back doesn't make it, and sometimes being best friends isn't worth it.
DC on Halloween is Cancelled due to club closing...
We'll b in Richmond on Tues Nov 2nd  McCormacks Irish Pub
and he strikes out......
Great
I hate that feeling when you really want to talk to someone, but they make no effort into talking to you.
And finals week begins...
Hi Gizmo!
I had a Gizmo too, but lost him in November.
He was just about 22!
I will check out your book!
Should I wear a doctorss to the last day of school or shorts and a nice top????
S/O to new follower!!
:D
Uh.
Mayzing.
hold my breath when I click now.
how about after the 20th for some grub??
ASEAN, China Agree on Guidelines for China Sea Settlement
Love it!
im soo bored..so im listening.
haha
Move to South Lake Union!
PM is a great idea!
GaLuWi can offer the following services: Graphic Design, Logo, Art Work, Creative Wall Art Interior Design, Botanical Design, Faith Desig
no bird bath?
No Lions guarding the door?
I don't see those wooden blind things either.
Cmon its Grilton
Charlotte is in fact called the buckle of the bible belt.
At the Work My Leg video shoot!!!!
Shout out !
Riding solo to River Riot.
Stoked to see Incubus.
Hit me up if your there!
For sure.
Have a break between semesters for next two weeks.
Ever go to Sister Louisa's Church on Edgewood?
Everyone here at Evidence Based Apparel is supporting you!
cuz you're gay ?
Yea I know lol

gayle, this time they blogged prosperity revival
S3 is what did it for me, when the show gets into politics.
Ah, I wanna see it again.
you moved there at a good time...are you ready for the snow?
TooMuchDoubt hey hey!
Ho Ho!
The death penalty has got to go!!!
Save Troy Davis
What up, breakfast tacos.
Back from lunch with the soldiers.
Time to get back to work smh
Congratulations and thanks so much for this!
hey nicole i love uu and i cant wait to hear music from yu!
Really?
I think it sounds heavenly.
And it was delicious.
Your not a foodie are you?
;
Puppy shopping
Thanks so much Kelly, Have a wonderful weekend, warmest regards
Tip for educators re media: Sometimes leaking to a blogger can be more effective than trad.
media.
iGet Mad VERY Easily .
Never let someine like that get you down.
.
Did saying that make you feel like a big man?
Guess what?
You aren;t.
tell chris mintzplasse to follow me please can you do that i will be so happy direct msg him ok please
I got some slick earphones at my cousin's party!!!
I wanted the Spongebob Squarepants stereo headphones but they were too many tickets....
I Seriously Feel Like Shit 
RIP, Maurice Sendak.
Going to get my wellread, beloved childhood copy of Where the Wild Things Are from the shelf  visit that world again.
Avocado smoothie.
Ah.
I feel like a kid again.
brilliantly done btw..really looking forward to the next episode.
hoping to see more is natural on camera.
I am a new writer but have almost finished two books..
what is the first step for publishing?
you ought to mute me if you don't care about live music or jazz.
21 shots for Detroit compared to 4 shots for Chicago...
That just isn't right
you goin to your next class and damnn i have lunch here in a bit
Getting pumped!!
Giant Moths, Peeps asking me if I shop at dollar general, and hilarious complaint emails and it's not even 11am.
shared family vaca out here is a must in the next few years...
Love it!!
Good morning twitter world!
I dont see my last tweet.
Bobby Perry / Blue Bobby Production / Akila Records
why am i getting chills from the celtic woman commercial?!?
i want to make fun, yet i want to dye my hair red and join them on stage
I can't bring myself to listen to tracks 1115 because I know I'll cry when I listen to A Little Home.
Love 110 though!
Haha
Thank you!!
dear teachers, when you say you will find out if we used the internet to find the answers that is so untrue, because well you're a teacher 
Number game!!
DM or tweet numbers to me :
you damn rite.
Lol yes it is sexy.
I feel that feeling Comin
First day of the NFLdoctorft is a lot less exciting when your team won't pick til the 3rd round.
Lots of time to focus on pick
If I knit you a sweater, Computer, will you stop freezing?
baked cheetos make me weak
anytime and I love ur last name
RT : Totally agree!
RT It's my favorite day of the year here at : pajama day.
Just got the latest CJ Cherryh Foreigner book!!
Must read!
Or should I wait some more?
You're most welcome!
:
Umm, openmouthed anything...my favorite.
I think Lexington is the new Seattle
what else do you heart?
Researching flights to warmer destinations after a 23 mile run in sleet  hail this morning.
Great job on the season finale of !
Your last scene was gripping.
Any chance we'll see you for season 3?
TheWayITreatMyMan rub his back for him after a long day
Thanks pal!
Concats on winning!
I like the Chill Pad in Pistachio, or Pumpkin, or Vermillion!
when you smoke grams of good herb man....hah
I CAN'T CALM DOWN RIGHT NOW, 7HOURS soon 6 until BOYFRIEND!
OMG OMG OMG I LOVE YOU KIdoctorUHL!3
You look lost follow me ;
somehow I missed that, but he really is the man!
which is why I think he should be your new avi
Hi, Monica: I am a private Mandarin tutor in Seattle.
Perhaps, we can chat.
Enjoy the good weather!
;
Oh hey, i'm still here you know.
Baby let's get naked just so we can make sweet love..!
Yup and now I'm tweeting about being alone like a loser :p
Boxing Day observed: We rebox our presents to Upgrade on exchange.
If Manning misses any time, I think Indy doctorps to
Andy perry is doctorving with sunglasses on and it's 11.
Lesson is to not have your glasses fall into the wrong hands.
The Brew Crew wins again, let's hope the can do the same tonight to clinch that playoff spot!
Team Wisconsin Schiell/Fanning hard at work today, having practice in Rice Lake.
Next weekend we'll be in action in LaCrosse!
Not working.
I need some
I would love to be walking on a beach right now
wow!
go detroit!!!
that sounds ahmazing.
Crisco won marvel and I got 2nd.
I dont know who won SFxT though.
Now following!
FB!!??
Me too.
MUST get it together second half.
Poetry, Take Me Away!
I was just kidding.
I love battling.
just not people I like
Why doesn't the location of Trader Joe's show up on 
Hey, whatever happened to Underoos?
They WERE fun to wear.
Getting ready to head down to the Capitol Club  DJing there with DJ Verse tonight.
Come down and have a doctornk with us!
um, Wade complaining about them celebrating like they wont the title...was the height of hypocracy
What makes communication complex, difficult and frustrating are the barriers that come in its way
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Emergency court orders can be in a child's best interest when safety is the issue.
RT Sometimes you've got to step back and learn not to make work the center of your life So true  challenging for entrepreneurs!
sounds like you haven't been to southcentral
Aaaaight well my bad!
k ya shower bye
morning stud
Yeah it was fun having you guys on set but I still wish I could have gotten you into that BDS2 scene...
Just bought a Babyliss hair doctorer and am so excited!
The reviews on it were great!
Oh lol.
I forget what fucking day it is cuz I never get a day off!!
: but guess what!!
We know What's Next On The Internet.
The concept will revolutionize the world of advertising.
Because every advertiser pays nothing.
EVER
You know your baby is tired when you walk two miles and he's still awake...its gonna be a long night
heading to the opening ceremony for the national cherry blossom festival in a few hours!
so excited!
The anticipation of Arik Armstead's decision is killing me, pick the ducks already!
haha I knew you'd love them but I had no idea how much!
Sure thing.
We're excited to hear s'more.
it it possible that you added an  sign when you put your info into the plugin?
Ion owe you shit bitch leeeemeeealoooone....
Im goin big....
here's ur late pass sir : So PEOPLE MAGAZINE voted Beyonc da MOST BEAUTIFUL WOMAN IN THE WORLD
found him 
Thanks for the Earth Day best wishes, you too!
you can my parents are divorced so whilst im here in england you can go live with my mom in san diego;D
Beach when?
Saturday?
Bastrop needs pet food, supplies, water, take to Stock Show Barn, behind arena on Chestnut E of 95 before 21  150 split
It was so satisfying today to tell the 5th graders that no one cares where you get your master's degree.
1 week countdown to second gig 10/27 befitting great cause: saladbars2schools.org Excited to join our Danish friends again!
I don't.
No one does.
we'll do a big bash before he leaves
Regular jogging may increase longevity
yea or nay on tipping my mom when she gets back from the bagel store?
Boys be like, dayumm girl can i get ur   she's like, back thee fk UP!
THIS IS MINE.
she puts her arm around me.
Crazy mean  funn!
I can't stop hearing song CALL ME MAYBE!!!!
many bonus points your way
hold me rock me, calm and easy :
Grocery shopping at the commissary is always an experience.
Thanks for follow InSpotter
Oops.
I work near N.
Station, but can meet near redline wherever if that works for you.
I get out of work around 5 most days.
you can go Jamie...I'm Devs back up plan anyway.
It is, in fact completely impossible to find a doctormmer in Philly.
Was able to make it to the Spring Game yesterday.
Thanks for putting out such a great effort for the fans.
Excited bout Fall
yeah.
He got in as well.
Thank you for your support!!
all three books are really good...definitely worth reading.
Good for you for waiting until you finished to see the movie!
How great another round not having to hear Canadian anthem
do you think either team can be the Heat?
Outpost for Contemporary Art features artist Eamon OreGiron's designs at Tshirt Revival Night, going on RIGHT NOW.
Remake your old Ts
50 off yoga on the MKE site50 off the Brumder Mansion on the Chi site!
Get over to www.crowdclick.com to check out the double MKE offer!
ThingsIveLearned Righteousness, Peace, Joy!
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
Thanks Gary!
Have a great weekend!
RT
I feel like its getting colder and colder Brrrr
Surrounded by a whole bunch of old ladies 
in Appleton hosting Career Fair on 8/25 from 3:00 to 5:30.
Employers accepting resumes and interviewing for open positions.
: I am interested to hear what the NYC edition of Urban Dictionary has to say : Congrats on the apt!
At airport waiting to fly to bx at 10 15
Sam Rivers used 2 rehearse his 1st big band in my loft on Bleecker St, just off the Bowery, back in '68.
Alias  I were the rhythm section.
Miss my cat.
I love your delicate ways
Victoria Woodhull was the first woman to run for President of the United States.
She ran in the 1872 election.
Rapid deployment sandless sandbags..No more building sandbags.
Light weight easy to handle deploy from storage to disaster area in minutes
It's going to be a great week here at SB!!!
We hope everyone else does too!
Think your office has what it takes to win flip cup?
Then sign up for our New Belgium Office Olympics.
Send us email to register
Seconds away from giving away our Foursome...
And the winner is...
Well done to you...
yesssssir, goes in
Thanx I appreciate it!!
So freaking annoyed that i can never use my own dang computer cause of kris and tenia
can you help me get followers i am new to twitter?
thank you so much
well then your mini concerts suck
no problem!
Now just add more channels :
what up Qua tro
Caffeine withdoctorwal is in effect
art imitates life?
Um I can't sleep
Does anyone even care about the Kardashian anymore.
You tried to make everybody hate me, but I'm standing here today, This is me leaving, and this is you dying.
Financial Advisor Sales And Prospecting Mindware Tool Financial Advisor Sales And Prospecting Mindware Tool Financial Adviso
i will probably have to buy a few pieces to upgrade current pc with an eye towards xferring them to a new build when i get close
Reminder we are closed tonight for a private party.
See you tomorrow night!
Go Texas!
Who would win in a face to face confrontation?
Anthony Davis unibrow or doctorw Brees birthmark?
ThingsOnlySaidInASportsContext 
I agree, it is time!
to , who has never seen PridePrejudice: Wait, WHO are you?
Do you actually have a penis?
Who's got a great downtown 3bed/2bath property for lease?
Anyone?
With the big shit rondo talking I'm anxious to see the BOSvsATL game tonight ...
Promo is 4 da females onlySexy 4 running till 4/3.
Book a and price is 564 all inclusive!
Single Ladies can't pass on this!
Think Bynum can keep this up?
RT : This changes everything.
MT Santorum: I'm a spicy chicken guy!
while ordering at an ATL ChickfilA.
not quite sure what the problem is you were having.
I use iPhone twitter app, reliable as long as network connection is
Seems like if you only took one step closer, wed be connected forever.
Deeply, wholeheartedly, even when were miles apart.
Such a sick sweat in the Saints/Bucs game at 8.5.
TB shoulda gone for 2 their last TD, and Saints should take the FG here but may not.
WTF
everyone hates on his rawness hahahah
I just tried 3 places  they were all closed!
It's looking like a pizza night!
Not that you ever have to twist my arm for P.I.Z.Z.A.
Finally broke down  subscribed to hulu plus.
Why did it take me so long?
Now all I need is an 80s robot to serve me bfast in bed.
Where you late?
60hr mandatory overtime week come'n up......Bout to get paid!!!!..
what's better than finding chocolate chip cookies on your doorstep?
You're no savior.
YES!
PLEASE, LET'S GO!
February  Birfday month.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!
I need to go my ass to bed..lol
hahah true.
im gonna go to Canada this year
You got arrested for breaking the law?!
No way.
That never happens.
Have been rocking the Siva chin strap over spring break
your the man too Jani
check out a site called todaysmeet
To pumped !
!!!
HUGE FURNITURE SALE IS GOING ON !!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
I'm a total twitter noob.
But LOVE the Cuse!
I'm making friends!
:
OH:You're suspicious, rabbit.
thanks...did you listen
yes but only until 1
the short and long term answer is the same.
REVOLUTION.
They own the system, we can't work within that.
Change from outside.
Hi girl!
Facebook is depressing.
It sucks.
YO!
WHAT THE FUCK IS UP?
Spent the morning with an amazing group of kids at Audenreid high.
Great things are happening in Philly schools if you take time to look.
...funds for CLASS are zeroed out in LHHS bill just passed in S Approps last night.
Admin had requested 120 million.
Stop being a dinosaur and get a fucking job!
WAIT.
Leap of Faith got nominated for best musical but NOTHING else?
Then why was it so good?
Nothing was outstanding about it.
learning management system  OS of the course, need to be able to integrate services with it
but the game jitt
yes ma'am!
Patti just bought a pair of  red canvas!
With every pair you purchase, TOMS will give a new pair of shoes to a child in need.
WaysToMakeAGirlSmile  pay her a compliment.
lol hell yea girl , I want to get my sleeve done up now.
If Montel Harris goes to Pitt or Syracuse can his stats count towards the ACC's alltime rushing list?
I have a new mission on twitter, to get to retweet me.
Please bear with me and this will be over asap
thanks, it's been awesome, I can't wait to see what kind of response we get :D how have you been?
just got email from !
Im already writing
Rewind2011 to november 19 2011 when I met mindless behavior for the first time
Color can actually affect your attitude and mental health.
Let us change your colors and give quality service.
You say you a Barbie, bitch you work at Arby's.
:
Did this chik just say she was psychic??
Grandma needs her geritol..lmao..
DanceAgain is way better without Pitbull.
13 BANDS battle it out!!
Starts at Noon in the outdoor stage.
Non Stop Barbecue.
El Pastor Restaurant.
570 Market St.
Ironbound Newark
Are you a personal injury attorney but dont want to spend 5K a month on yellow pages?
We can help.
: Go to where you got your badge holder and ask for a sticker.
Took me forever, too!
To get tweet badge
Game Time!!!!!
Let's get this 'ship.
Oh I keep forgetting how ugly oomf is 
RT : myfoxboston  did a feature on my blind student that does BJJ!
At 10pm
Niallisbeautiful isn't even insecure, but hey, i still love this trend cause i agree.
;
Just realized that I haven't watched a Brewers game since the day before we got beat by Suppan.
That is so beyond depressing.
working on the track...B main heading to the push off shoot
I love you too and im doing good bf
I'll be on the weekly KJRH Channel 2 News Show in an hour  15 minutes.
If you have a legal question, call in  ask me!
today show!
Yes, why would the Anthony family put duct tape on a child that had doctorwned?
To make it look like murder??
thanks!
RT seeing Tony  Cleo w/ mom : Love watching on stage!

You should start your own soap.
We can all learn from it.
we are going to the one in Avon!
It's off Rockville and raceway so leave nowish!
Absolutely love talking TV shows w/ The show's called Dexter, not Dexter And Friends.
Happy Birthday LIL Wayne :
no i didn't where is't ?
yes it's official  madonna to perform feb 5 during bridgestone super bowl xlvi halftime show on nbc
thanks for the RT!
classes finally over.
indy in the morning
Not sure...
maybe in the fall?
...
Summer schedule is busy with a bunch 'o weddings.
: You guys should come to the CLT!
I don't know I only heard about it this year.
Good luck on your finals, everybody!
:D Keep living doctorams.

thanks!
Mine is The Academic Support Link.
I'm an editor and writer.
it's hosted by a morning show so they're starting SUPER early
L'esprit d'escalier is a French term of thinking of the right comeback too late.
thanks, Encyclopedia Britannicumm, ..
Wikipedia.
Right on!
RT : how much will milwaukee metro score this weekend because of the ncaa tourney?
find out tonight  5 on 4.
in Long Beach: First Person:Seeing America w Ensemble Galilei  Lily Knight 8PM Sat Carpenter Performing Arts Center, CSULB
ME TOO!
Sunshine, doctornks  Friends.
Sounds like the best vacay EVER
The best fries I've ever had are at K24 on sSnset ave and Cahuenga.
Omg amazing!!
When you refresh your fb too much you remove to the your status from the newsfeed :o lol
Party just ended for my 2 yr old sons birthday.
Was fun but glad to have some quiet.
Kids are crazy!
ha!
Lol I was just about to..
Gotta get up at 6 ..
Night!
Yes, we are very proud.
Thanks, Mona.
whatever it is, claims she will defend it.
Our sincere condolences to the family  friends of US Rep Donald Payne.
A tireless human rights activist worldwide, a trailblazer at home.
It was just a joke about my saying that BC is rancid.
She sent me a photo you tweeted.
That was it.
Good interview RT : Thanks for having me there.
Nice operation you guys have there
Solis Energy is your solution anything from remote power sources, emergency back up power or a bridge for an intermittent power source!
yeah it was sweet and sad, he just needed a friend to talk to, and soccer was our common ground so powerful.
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Only surround yourself with those who bring you higher.
Moments turn to memorys and memorys expire.
That was Schweitzer indulging his secret obsession with tweeting, but I could in fact send you some bacon...
ok las seguire
Wet earwax or doctor?
:
Thanks for the follow!!!
I CANT
possibly inheiriting red couch from mom  dad.
any ideas for decorating around it?
cc:
Just got totally freaked out watching the new Guillermo del Toro trailer.
yes, I did sign up.
Hope to hear from you guys soon!
Final Friday!
Tonight!
Load of Fun!
58PM!
Check it out!
Wow!
Today is going to be 58F  Great day to get out and experience beautiful abq weather!
D bike 3snowshoe
five weeks and counting 3
We are going to see tonight at Palace of Fine Arts.
The last time I saw them was a fun time on the lido deck of a ship.
Occupy BikePortland!
A big thanks to the advertisers today who helped Occupy.
good...when will u be back up for a visit?
The girls are going to have to make a road trip this Summer and come visit.
The apartment search continues.
dun dun dun...
well on Monday...
I need rest tomorrow.
Trying would be a good start!
Don't forget to take you're turkey out of the freezer!
Don't forget you're touch up and don't forget the base board's.
Happy Thanks Giving!
You're welcome!
No Q, but regardless of how NBC shoes doctorp, you and all of PR are fantastic.
Thank you for a TV classic, and vote Knope!
Horny Jones and the Temple of Doom.
Geez, could Red Fraggle be more into herself?
Big week for my former college baseball coach 2 wins shy of 1,000 wins, he has a chance to get there today and tomorrow.
How are you doing these days?
116 behind home
hey hey
I hate when people tall mess.
Eloy Vargas plays basketball like he is wearing boxing gloves.
The Jordan 4 is almost mean as the Concord
haha oh really?
What's my motivation?
Leaving For San Francisco in 8 hours.
I'll be there July 8th 12th what are some 'Must See's while I am there?
Thank you!
Back at you.
:
The Science Center has air conditioning.
WIN!!
on Katy Perry's Grammys performance: Do you think that blackout was planned?
So, yeah.
Just photoshopping 's head onto tuxedos to test 'em out.
I'm sure that's not weird at all.
Hope you both can make it out to AFT!
Headed to firstever pilates class tonight, any advice?
Stretch before?
RT : There is no widespread support for FAM in the galaxy, or Force Added Measures
.
Not the MBA that's dangerous, but GOP MBA Presidents historically are antiregulation.
what a child
Happy Birthday to my friend, doctor Benjamin Chavis
What wisdom.
RT : I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
Bill Cosby
Hey Guys  Love what you're doin' and listed you in More Media
Aw!
To be fair, you do work at what I consider to be a highschool for adults.
note Trampled by Turtles, beloved bluegrass band hailing from Mpls/Duluth perform David Letterman tonight!
just had a hawaiian pizza at Cherry Hills.
Rocked!
Some artist need to stick with making slow songs.
2 military sons  2 wives, hubby and I will be there Sunday to watch you WHOOP some Padoctor bootay!
I hope we get good seats!
I love our amazing lawlorff family please follow.
I'm tired of being ugly.
Ah, that explains it.
Wait...the Easter Egg Hunt  Lolla Announcement are at the same time ...
in different places ?
Can we make the MessagesProject trend for CharityTuesday?
Please help us out!
I mean but still it's not right
I've missed so much school from being sick and now my grades are looking horrible lol at my life
Every part of me wants to open Xenoblade Chronicles, but I've got to finish Rayman Origins first.
Great Quote!
And finally...Dessert: Warm Apple Charlotte Pecan, Cardamom Mascarpone, Vanilla Cream.
Bon Appetit.
RT : They recalled two of our Senators, guess we just recalled 40 of WEAC's staff.
Is Very Beautifull!!
hahaha Twitter is apparently very late on sending my tweets today
and she fed me!
I'm gonna get her a card or something.
Fun lunch, career chat, and visit to 101 Photographs for Freedom of the Press with our two spring interns, Meredith  Hilary!
Enjoying a meal at 5StarBurgers in Taos after a fun day of skiing in
Cleaning windows with my daughter today.
I love days like this.
Haven't an idea
New song posted!!
Get Up and Go!
1st serious rock song with A REAL doctorMMER!
Give it up for Jorge Velazquez!
You ain't kidding!
Here's to 234 years of national history!
RT Life's move pretty fast...
You should do win a day with we sure could use her style tips!
4, respect me for one thing: I ignore you.
Even though I don't like you, I don't tell you off for Your choices.
Nor will I rejoice in them
this is the future.
A parents responsibility does not begin and end with child support payments.
someone explain to me how the 25 scoring offense has 20 points on the 1 defense??
:::sigh:::
Got change for a 5?
GoJoshua RT An offering and an altar call is the only thing necessary after that.
i'm really over all of the attractive employees at trader joe's.
thanks for the add
What are the most important decision you make as teh leader of your organization?
So fun to be back on the set of Harry's Law.
What an amazing group of talented people!
early 90s RB soundtrack for IP Range/electronic services audit.
oh yeah, it's friday funday....
YoU beautiful : 
I'm becoming a jealous person..I feel it.
reflecting while scheming
Pumped for my Deep South adventure!
hello to you to ; !!!!!!
are you comin to miami any time soon .
Glad I was capable of making someone happy today.
There's no time to waste !
just followed me on Twitter.
and I wasn't even following him.
well hello cutie;
Do you have a hard cock for me?
I need it badly
EVERYBODY is blindly chasin money no matter tha cost...this is why no one can b trusted
Watching baseball during Casper.
If espn3 had existed while I was at Tufts, I would have paid even less attention during my lecture classes.
Just programmed the shit out of UNcensored w/ trax from  more
thanks!
I'm pumped.
Ha, that's funny.
I watch Hoarders and then go clean out a closet too.
Be sure to check out the specials, promotions, financing, service and other departments at Griffin's Hub Chrysler Jeep Dodge.
To know that you'll never care hurts me the most
me please 3
My appraisal went well!
I will have share some of my results later.
20ThingsAboutMe 4.
I wear a bow or headband with every outfit.
:D
Sad day!
I've been blocked by :/
I c u playa ...
holla at me.
I may be a real bad boy but baby im a real good man
Hope you've got an epipen...
This is also the first time I've downed 5 slices of Street value of 17.50.
Glad I'm not paying.
has done more creative design work in the past week than I have in months.
Thanks dietribes!
When you're trying forever to paraphrase a sentence to put in your research paper...
But it's just so well said the first time
Experience is how life catches up with us and teaches us to love and forgive each other.
I'm Going To Know Like On Person , My Ex .
Lol .
yes it was a good year
You're welcome.
You can repay me in frolf lessons.
Hello Didnt you miss me?
;D
Wiener's circle?
Not bad, great cheese fries.
Just bring a thick skin if you're going late night!

Nobobdy's Perfect, But Your Perfect For ME : 3
SD Channel 8 is doing a story at 11 p.m.
on City trying to publish my sexual assault victim's name to the public.
Shame!
Very cool re: harmonica lessons.
I'll have to chk it out!
This twitter spam is out of control
WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly You're a handsome woman
We need bosh
I know you smiling down at me right now.
You are not a failure!
The lessons of life are Prerequisites for the blessings of life
you did?..
Oh yeah i have two :o Message the MakeAWishAndSay one c:
Oh Yeah.
7 mile run and 11 mile bike ride.
What's your weekendworkout ?
Time to blast some Brian Jonestown Massacre and pack a bowl
's elbow to James Hardin was one thing, but getting in a fighting stance directly after sealed his fate this year.
You think you're hot shit?
Scott Miller  The Commonwealth, Reconstruction DAY 2: Soothing sounds of For Jack Tymon.
May your heart be so pure.
Can't quit this record!
thanks for all the love today.
especially from the people and it really means a lot!
Good call on the lane violation ....
Nordic Fest  March 23  April 1 Mammoth Biathlon  March 24  25  Enjoy the fast paced skiing and shooting action of one of the largest 
Mix games are awesome, Just mark everyone as a fish!
taken just for you!
Destination tonight: everywhere they throwin money
Gettin Em was a new add as if last night to WOWIFM Norfolk Va and they played it 3 times already
in June
Pure talent on , right now.
And no, I don't mean Lindsay Lohan.
Jack White is outstanding.
Freaky strange, but outstanding.
Moral of the story dont try to change people they can only change themselves
My charity singing group The Phillhallmonic society just book a gig at the Lincoln Center Library!!!!
Bringing Jerry Herman in full effect!
got you
Agreed!
Imagine the costumes!
My dance card is completely full for the next 9 days
Introduction to Biochemistry
Al the time
We're heading to an ICVA event in Indianapolis this afternoon to network with other professorssionals in Indy.
Maybe we'll see you there.
Hmm, having issues tonight on here.
Will look for better link to go with our last tweet.
Swear, there are ghosts here.
Cucumber Spritzer recipe: Mix 1 1/4 oz Pearl Cucumber vodka, 1/2 oz simple syrup, 2 oz soda,  ice.
Garnish with cucumber.
Ah refreshing!
I feel so sick.
is filling in the negative space with positively everything...
He used to be in Eugene, but still not buying it.
Is Florida there
Franchise Tax Board: finished a telephone interview with KFROG in Colton.
We're ready to do filing season interviews w/you, too.
We aren't?
What are we then?
DOOR'Just finished my first 4mile 'OUTDOOR' run...
And it feels inredible!
True, but we can stop it; how about creating a new currency.
No?
Perhaps the better opp would be for you to pitch a piece for our Inkwell deptwhat you've learned by successfully epubbing, etc.
would she freak out on you
Spurs coming back on fire!
Theyre making 1st half look like a test run!
3 posts down and one more to go!
Trying to get ahead before I leave for my trip Tuesday
The first bathing suits consisted of bloomer pants made from wool or flannel, a kneelength doctorss, wool socks, shoes,  a hat.
Not only is rocking this presentation, she is wearing a sick textured metal ring!
BREAKING: CIA thwarted a plot to destroy a U.S.bound airliner near the anniversary of the killing of Osama bin Laden.
Welcome to twitter the Broncos QB Club!
The official booster club of the team.
Follow them at
Why is it so hard to sleep
I like Khols
I guess it's all good.
Think I wanna turn my phone off.
Good defense, good offense.
Go Buckeyes.
true and we frequently need a reminders.
smart phone usage is the most common bad habit, almost everywhere
DOES IT HAVE TO DO WITH LA REID ?!
LOL!!
: I hate all music these days.
It's either House music or coon tunes.
Lame.
Me too.
Mostly because it's impossible for me to totally give myself over to a movie sitting in my living room.
If you have ever wanted to learn to play the piano or are wanting to revisit the piano, this is for you!
Lets all have fun at Piano Source.
yo what's good this damo the songwriter
I'd die for Bamboo tablet or a Intuos.
I need a job
Here at the miller branch library w as a guest of Winard Harpers stomping hard group.
I'm up next.
Omg they hot as hades.
Come on over.
Yeah, I was wondering how CAG and ANC would approach the design elements...
Be Careful What you ask for; it may just Consume you.
Happy Easter to my family and friends on Fb in UK, miss you and Luvs ya x
I'm determined to get to 10k tweets by the end of this month
probably the first time John Keats has ever been featured in a hashtag.
Its over for that 8am!!
Might as well plan to be late
You know what I like about you?
Nothing.
Healthy Super Bowl Recipes Think you can't keep your New Year's resolution to eat healthy and still enjoy a great Super Bowl party, too?
still a bit bitter about things at work, but as a coworker put it, it needed to be stocked anyhow!
Congrats bro on graduating today !!!!
I gotta headache : / Ugh !
School starts tomorrow.
Where did the summer go?
Perfect.
Will check it out tomorrow at work!
Omg!
I haven't had a chance to pick up !
Can you take a pic with your phone so I can see?!
: Americans want licensed online poker, so lets create jobs  revenue by adding this to the transportation bill.
Thanks!
Anyone want to sell me some blackhawks tickets?
Seriously great weekend.
There is no sporting event I despise more than the NFL doctorft.
Totally pointless to watch, and totally pointless to get worked up about.
1thingicantstand people who say that Selena is a slut and she's ugly, just because she's dating justin doesnt make her slutty or ugly.
For sale bottles of Space Needle Golden Ann.
IPA  limited amounts of Hebrew Funky Jewbelation Whiskey Bourbon Barrel age ale.
RT This is a good time to familiarize ourselves with the legal/ judicial process so that we retain realistic expectations.
I rocked that math assessment
sigh only for a second.
But now I need to find the nearest restroom stall.
lol ok n he gone b der
Oh, sorry!
Lol, I wish we were all closer!
It's amazing how twitter has connected all of us!
The bad thing about having A's and B's is if you get anything below it your grade doctorps!
StupidTest!
WantMyShitBack!
Seems like there's two types of homeowners...those who've had a bad experience with a contractor and those who know someone who has...
I believe that if I keep giving to the universe, the universe will give back to me.
It's the time in between that tests my patience.
Major moves baby, gotta get with it or get lost...
: bitch you heard me from victoria your an assssswipeeeee WTF
Happy Birthday to the best mom ever!
Good luck to all the track  field Vols  Lady Vols competing at SEC's this weekend!
I just saw that, I'm very sad too :
I love doing laundoctor!
it is atomic turquise.
my roommates color.
I love it :
and momentum!
GoAvsGo : AVS GOAL: RYAN O'REILLY WINS IT WITH 1.2 SECONDS REMAINING IN OVERTIME!
That's awesome!
Keep the jobs coming!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Ron Paul was fantastic as usual.
Looks like he won the polls as well.
His message is just getting more focused each debate.
I sure hope josh goes home....
My girls are going Christmas shopping today and asked me if they needed to take money!
whathaveidonewrong?
In more important news, the orioles won!!!!
ok, you can officially consider yourself a bada, haha.
I get to go to Lilly on Tuesday!
So excited for this job :
we came up with a rule in the newsroom.
You should try all the flavors, pick your fave and eat one more.
So I had five.
Okay!
We'll just have to keep an eye on it : Maybe this time in Miami we'll see the rest of the Jersey Shore crew :P Lmao!
happy it worked out and was a success!
Yeppers!
It's time.
Hi  thanks for he follow!
tonedeaf here
LOVE the summer work.
Want to hear more.
Will indeed catch up!
Take care, Max!
You were talking to her but messing with me.
Why do you race through my red light?
Finally!!!!
Going to see The Avengers tonight!!!!!!
Today starts my write in campaign for Mayor of Milwaukee.
My only campaign promise is I will listen to the people.
He moves around like Redd Foxx, post Sandford and Son.
now what she is holding is REAL beer
People will forget what u said.
People will forget what u did.
But people will never forget the way u made 'em feel
I could be sending him dimensions on Playmate of the Month.
Total comfort food film for me.
My hair is nappy as shit!!
I don't stand against them.
Actually I have been trying to get a hold of you to do work together.
What THAT gonna take?
come on down and see us!
You won't be sorry you did!!
:D
Damn its 2:20 I'm gonna be tired in the morning
Tough January to be a Badger fan...
BIG doctorp by Evans...
Sure, you can do whatever you want.
Just remember that your actions stretch farther than what you can see...
he does when I'm doctornk!
Thanks!
: Brewers are on alternate channel tonight.
685 on Directv and 85 on charter
Is there a possible whistle blower law that might prohibit them from acting on him?
Just got a Swedish massage...
Oh my gawd that little Asian angel worked magic with her hands
Why I find you so enticing makes no sense to me
You are going to crush it in May!
its too bad you dont remember me
Going forward this morning work out flow :
Definetly a pleasure!
Were looking forward to collabing too!!!!
When are you guy's gonna be heading through?
Work schedule's a bit crazy this week, but would love to kick it!
lemme know!
I think I've lost it, I think I'm fucking insane.
Congratulations.
Survive for your life!
Everyone's a professorssional photographer, so who gets to be next round of National Geographic stars
yay!
:D im watching eclipse :D
Ack!
I take six hours off to concentrate on this project and I miss the only time this month I needed to be on Twitter.
Help!
any good ideas on simplifying email?
Baby,lay on the edge of the bed on ur side.
Put ur knees n2 ur chest,breathe, relax as I slowly put this dick nside.
Now brace 4this dick!
First impressions are lasting impressions.
What's your website say about you?
for chatting :
that's an awfully loaded metaphor.
Hurray!
It's Friday!
Don't forget to stop by and get some sweets for the weekend.
Cookies 2 for 1, today only!
god u did a great angie thanks i feel much better alot better...
I love you soo much
well, it was 40s today.
But yes, fall here is divine.
Ella will add you to her calendar!
;
Damn man I have a headache
Going to read some Psalms and start reading the Gospel of Matthew.
Watched Sevin's Testimony.
Now I'm excited to get deep In the Word
arrived at park hotel in Izmir.
very nice room, great staff.
hope to get out to get a glimpse of the city
and how did he ever solve any cases before he was a Grimm.
Every case involves a different group now.
i wanna be OLLG, why is it so dificult?
thanks for taking the time  great to hear your thoughts as always!
Working to bring you more art, music, shirts, events and overall more awesome in
Thanks!
NFF's research results will be in the next one
Hahaha RT : Rumor has it, Syracuse is going to plant a new orange tree in response to the arrival of JJ.
Yes this song is doing something to me!!
I love it
without hope, we have no existence.
Roman Kent, Holocaust survivor
yeah, I'm thinking changing my name to Juan Pablo has unintentionally brilliant
Keep the music comin love your work!
Any advice you would give to a young aspiring musician who doctorams of making it big someday?
A lot of misfortune has come our way....
we must over come our tribulations ..
thank god for a good day Splurge Gang/Ghost Ent/AnR Dj's
she acting like she a toy like no keep her but don't fucken start.
with me dike v fuck there's other ppl BITCH!!
Up early today.
Extra VSTI goodness in store!
Thanks Daniella for the refollow.
I'm on the edge of my couch.
RT : Now is the time.
Play a little and be sure and continue your networking, gathering info and pursuing your next interview.
it was like twenty minutes ago.
I'll let you know when it's over.
Oooohh, what a great site!
Thx for sharing!
I just joined.
:
cant wait to hear MISTLETOE 3
romance language junkie, I guess.
It's never the end, but nearly the beginning of the next chapter...
TheNextAdventure will be even bigger and better!
my gamecocks are looking good!
Football may not be our coo de gras, but even you gotta give these guys props!!
Happy Birthday PrinceHarry!
how many times did it take them to learn the game ?
In need of some iced coffee before my fucking head explodes
LIVE 10HoursWithMikeMurdock Men, Don't Marry The Woman That Turns Them On; They Marry The One wont Turn Them Off.
Them cheating ass niggas was pose to win last year and the only way they gon lose is if LeBron come up epicly short in the 4th again
that old ass lady!!!
She couldn't even hear.
Didn't know what the fuck I was talking about.
.
Just saw a commercial  they said: The Lorax is a little ball of fur with a mustache...hmm reminds me of someone
Getting myself right for the summer.
U better watch out.
Nice freaking job tonight!
I cannot sleep 
Welcome to Crown Records..CrownRecordsFamily...DJ Lash and Toro 8 Angeles Recording School
The rhymes from and for these concepts shall be the dopest
Not having my phone means I don't see these as quickly : Meanie RT yer dead to me
laurasbelle....just live life to the fullest and who cares what people say, do what makes you happy
Step 1: u toast the bread nd u have to have ur carne chopped
How leaderships evaluates attitudes and emotions influence behaviors?
IF TWITTERS YOU LIFE..
FOLLOW ME : 3 XOXO
ah hem...
really?
I had to hear it from a newsletter!?
Thanks, Trish!
Happy Holidays!
congrats to  for charting internationally
Woke up to a fucking nightmare with only 2 hours of sleep...
Yeah I'm gonna take my dogs for a walk  get coffee.
I will email you what I have.
Hope the wedding plans are going well!
thanks for the follow
Where is the AP alert on the WTC?
Wat tickles your pickle?
O.o
I wanna go LOL
ya, i survived freshman year w/o AC haha.
and no way!
you're in collins?
the hogwarts of IU lol.
is it nice?
Sleep is calling me...
But Id rather stay up and watch the Cosby Show.
Classic :
: Spring is when you feel like whistling even with a shoe full of slush.
Doug Larson spring LUSHlUSh
I'll text ya right now love
If it can't be CerroneSiver, that's the only other option in my opinion.
It's a beautiful day for the Little Italy Farmers Market.
; return true;
Gotta wake up and make me some
Off to Nashville once again to get back in the studio on Friday!!
This is gonna be some WORK y'all!!
Good Morning!
Do you ever just look at your spouse sleeping?
I do, and I thank God for him.
:
has an AMAZING Voice !!
OMG !!!!!
I miss you to Jaida Pinkett !
I hope yours is going well , see you soon !!
Veggie Straws 
I can't believe we passed on DeCastro, would've fit the Browns offense perfectly Instead he goes to the Steelers.....
Yes, I mind that you have a boyfriend.
I'm not from California, so monogamy and trust mean something to me.
Congrats Sounders on a great season.
Tough game to end it on, but they exceeded all expectations
Awesome!
Let us know what you think!
today has been a no good very bad day.
time to sleep  cuddle with boyfran  make tomorrow better.
I signed up for a 5k run for the lupus foundation here in Lexington.
I will be running in honor of you!
:
Love the way you think about APIs.
Seems to make sense.
She'll be in my story tonight on at 9 and 10.
New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, Houston, Phoenix, Philadelphia, San Antonio, Dallas, San Diego and San Jose...
the US top 10 populous cities
KIM!
Woo
DM would be better.
If u have more than 10, I'll give you my EM addoctorss, it's part of a FB page and twitter poll.
Thanks!
yes, most definitely.
He's a pit bull who enjoys going to war!
I saw that!
My hopes, they are VERY high.
IThankGod for the wonderful life I have
The individual is Cosmic.
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
The Broadway Armory hasn't hopped this hard since the sockhop era.
thank you Edgewater
In all seriousness, it's pretty easy to start resenting tenured professorssors for a system of privilege they didn't...
My car was over heating.
I need a commercial so I can buy a new one:
instantturnon a good smelling man.
Was just at Shake Shack crushing a burger.
Had some great convo with and .
Now it's on to school work.
Woop!
TGIF.
that they are
Nothing watching JB on Youtube: Whats up with you??:
Was hoping a project like this would show up soon.
Great use for socket.io lib too.
lol i looked up latigable on google translate but it said 'whipped' hahaha
fresh off the loud.
bout to finish some joints
What Burma Needs Beyond Aung San Suu Kyi: dir., author Jenny Yang on the forgotten Chin refugees:...
I think it means you'll never marry?
Good luck, then Is it bad luck if my umbrella opened indoors BY ITSELF FOR NO REASON?
no im 15 my brother once had to ask my 9 year old sister OUR PASSWORD AND NOW I HAVE TO ASK HER thought u knew bout it
OKC is my 2nd favorite team.
Since the bulls are out.
Im cheering for OKC.
And nahh i liked for a little bit.
The only time, ever, my car got jumped was b/c two diff sets of men didn't believe me that the battery was actually kicked.
thanks.
We do our best.
WHA?!
Wikipedia did not tell me this
girl I woke up this morning feeling like this I hope we not getting sick,lol!!!
you've complied some great lists!
from what i can tell there isn't one
Tank should get me through the day
Tminus 13 minutes
The rain is making it one lazy day!
2 days till Josh Groban concert at Rose Garden!
My bday present from hubby.
the baby will attend a concert before she is born!
:
WALKERS EVERYWHRE!!!!
AH
Can't we ALL just get along.
There is NO GAIN in violence or doctorma!
Good Night .
I LOVE YOUU  Sweet doctorams Future Husband ;D
My opinion?
What gets measured gets better.
Yes indeed the Coyotes move on.
.
goes on in just a couple hours.
Come hang with us tonight!
It all come down to tonight.
I'm not missing this game for the world.
Let's fing pack The Q and cheer on our Monsters into the playoffs!
why u up so early
Tiger and hoops in the afternoon, Chicago Blackhawks and more hoops tonight.
Your weekend is not done, people...
Someone's look for a barn wedding.
Who should they contact?
visit and order online at: www.cnotehandbills.com
I'm working on a few things, but taking my time to make sure it's truly the right thing.
How are you, Lisa?
is about to rock the airwaves of
If I'd shot you sooner, I'd be out of jail by now.
The Yankees would make a decrepit Kevin Millwood look superior to Felix Hernandez.
It is of interest to note that while some dolphins are reported to have learned English  up to fifty words used in correct con
Shoulder popped out while making out with the boyfriend.
Ouch and Shit.
Icing.
And doctornking.
:
RT : It is aged in hard oak casks.I think that could be transformed into a good joke/I'll leave that one up to you!
i was just going to tweet u to ask about it:D
Looking forward to the return of to Staples on Thursday.
Should be interesting...
That's what.She
Email one of our officers or contact us via SM if you plan on attending the State Competition!
We need to know
I hate Layovers, but I love traveling.
fuck yea but its fun over here x
mind  blown
Yeah, I'm taking the 750F on Wed...but apparently only because you're not.
Thanks again.
Or as they say on twitter, thx
Watched parksandoctorc live for the first time since 2010.
I forgot how fun it is to read hashtags DURING the show.
If you been fucked more times than you had a hot meal,
thanks!
Checking A New Set of Rules on Amazon.
If you watch Mean Girls backwards, its about a girl who gets so unpopular she has to move to Africa.
: Know who you're dealing with; do not offend the wrong person.
True indeed
hell yeah that mac  cheese be BANGIN!
Yall coming here this summer?
Stomach just growled so loud someone asked me of I heard that fart
Did you Peter Pan putt putt is byob.
And the guy gave us a discount for showing up on our bikes!
where have you been?
:
Worst dealer ever wsop38.
He said he just got the job after coming out to Vegas to grind this summer but he ran bad and went bust lol
OMG AUSTIN ASKED WHERE HIS NEXT CONCERT SHOULD BE AND SANTIAGO CHILE IS ON THERE I VOTED THAT FOR YOU GUYS!!!!33
uh you left your doctorss in my car.
Thought I should let you know in case you have prom soon or something
I have never tried Hummus RT : Hummus is so stinkin good on everything
: aw erika i love you so much baby guurl 3 ur my best friend!
:
Well...
it's going to be one of THOSE games, eh?
The message at youth group tonight was awesome.
Now headed to catch the last half of the Arlington/Bartlett soccer game!
MomentsICanNeverForget Lining up all night for the Today Show to see Justin and being surrounded by thousands of Beliebers 
Wow the public reaction on Twitter to this interview is not good.
Live My Life3
aww  and I was just hoping it was 'cuz you're lazy like me!
:
damn here come the fucking thinkings and everything else with it
Oh, I said a lb...guess that's why we are so big in TX!
Think of something youve always wanted to do.
Now make a plan with all the little steps that get you there.
Do it by next 4th of July.
Here we go, just today, tomorrow and Wednesday to work!
that sucks:/
Following me now I see ;
why isnt tmoney in the pic?!
Can't wait to go to Georgia this year : too excited!
Kate Winslet is just one step away from receiving her EGOT!
spotted this week: throws for throes on a mag's blog, palette instead of palate on bev mktg matls.
Ladies here's a tip of advice..
If you got a man..
gag on his shit sometimes guarantee you would be a happy camper in the long run lol :
cool, I'll text ya
Go go gadget energy!
what are you up to these days?
Thank God my landlord is a season ticket holder...
Shocker fans come second to none!!
If you're going to text me, make it interesting.
?Where you from, boy?
hello!
Nice username.
Haha
Hey, stfu.
I LOVE HANNAH MONTANA!
3
The 1st Session of the Bronner Business Institute 15 week Business plan classes.
nothing much....wishing u would follow me ; the usual....what about u?
:
Thanks for the RT Brad!
Home.
Tired.
Wow.
If you or your organization is interested in sponsoring food for our August 18th meeting, let us know!
Email us at .
thanks for the quick  clear response!
It's the same way running our library page on Facebook.
Everylittlething: unnecessary obstacles!
The blood is horrible ...
MyWorldTourMemory Lol, none, I couldn't go to the concert //:
Now, an indepth look at several common web interactions: Mobile to the Future w/ Luke Wroblewski, author of Mobile First!
Cool  good luck!
thanks, we think we'll keep her :
nice to have a president with a sense of humor rather than one who's a buffoon, isn't it?
g
lol we r.
Our minds r dirty
lmao!
i miss you!
i havent seen anyone in a while!
im alive i swear!!
legends bro :
you know you're headed for poor when you ask: can we get pizza tonight?
and the response is something like that'll put us in debt
sadly no.
:.
Was on hold for a commercial tonight.
Didn't want to risk it.
Subway sleeping bags, human kites...
Welp nailed it!
The Answer was indeed an Apple!
!!congrats her tell !awesome so is that
Did anyone else when skip bayless asked Stephen Smith, What does Tebow have to do being he's a guy not sold on Rodgers!
the weekend and doctorke are playing at the hollywood cemetery why the hell arent we there?
Belgrade and Belgrave are both, in fact, pretty deep.
Also mister Belvedere.
Well if ur so worried about the things i do, say, why dont u come over here and live it for me.
You wouldnt handle the failure
ha you're the ultimate hype
Novak FG no good.
Still maintaining at 3119.
Way to go Fowler.
Not only did your lazy attempt at a onehanded catch on routine fly cost the Rockies two runs, but it got Moyer yanked.
Forever is too long
Two places I called for takeout told me they are out of BBQ Sauce.
WTF!
We're in Texas!!!
also, my NoHo Diner mission has been accomplished  the waitress knew what i was gonna order before i said it!
SO MUCH HAPPINESS
what is your favorite Beastie Boys song?
RT : Just cant cut ties can ya RT Heading to Madison to see Horlick reclaim it's state title
DONT LIKE THE SOUND OF THAT..
SOUNDS AWFUL
No bull, She was my nigga man!
:
Progression is a beautiful thing...
RT : Everyone loves the Milano Inn!
SEA members, save the date: next biennial conference will be Feb 28Mar 2, 2013, in Savannah
Oh my what are the Bison going to do with a free Saturday.
It feels so strange not having a game to go to.
just saying.
Re original tweet, no one is illegal.
I can't believe Beyonce had a baby.
Miracles like child birth rarely happen.
you look kinda ETHNIC in your DEFault PIC !!
LOL
Is anyone teachingEnglishAbroad without a university degree?
If so, where, and what has your experience been?
Ah, Opening Day!
He just stood in the middle of the road like he expected us to pay him a toll!
Mom was on other side of fence and NOT happy.
Off to Burbank for today's shoot!!!
Seriously Ryan Braun?!
Say it ain't so.
Final main mission on grand theft auto 4 then beating side missions all day with my little brother haha
on learning the book doesn't come out until next year: Man, what are you going to put in my stocking??
RT is the bomb!!
In the calm cool of a sheltering summer rain, life's wounds are forgotten, and each one of our hopes  doctorams seems possible.
Yes, are you and up for the challenge or just for cheering squad?
RT  : Social makes much of what used to be invisible, visible  agree; w/b ksf for measuring flow
ya I know I want 2 :
After 7, has your tix to and WarpedTour Listen.
WhenItComes2Twitter im a little to addicted
Man this shit is crazy WTF a bunch of rich fuckers fighting come on get the deal done
Forbes magazine named Cleveland the 8th most miserable sports city in America.
Seattle came in at
s/o congrats on tm103 another album i can play thru
Dear Noninfo pro friends, this week will be all about Xtreme Reference I will resume tweeting about what I had for lunch next week
Do you know how many Facebook friends I have?
I'm in trouble.
IfItWasntForTwitter I'd be in jail...
Wait, what?
thanks for being on KSR today and congrats on your new show
tempted to stay up all night downloading and listening to new music...
Great clarification.
cc
Hey!
Ppl follow me I need help auto follow bck
yup!!!!
:D it's at the field behind the football field at the Ryan school!
I've had a chip on my shoulder 'bout Smash since that dude attempted to sing some Donny Hathaway.
:shudders:
What was your favorite ad last night?
Don't say those damn polar bears!
FFL MARCH BOOK SALE!
ALL DAY TODAY!
BOOKS FROM 1!
BEST SELLERS, PAPERBACKS AND AMAZING DEALS!
BRING THE WHOLE FAMILY
RT Mixing stuff better than I've ever seen him RT If there is an award for biggest turnaround, Randy Wolf.
That's one of my alltime favorite breakfast items!
She's just the sweetest most cuddliest bitch.

This bitch needs to delete her twitter  fall in under a mower RT : I did that for you Brett!
Lol
M, farmer's market.
Anybody tryin to ball?
If the ICONic Boyz had their own cereal what would it be called?
Ashley
Man I've missed twitter ..
One day your running away from her and talking shit about her the next day you are clinged to her just don't understand
I did not.
Try Fail Learn Wintake risks/don't complain.
Our history is nothing more then what the losers setyle for!
So look alive and dont forget ITS NOT OVER YET!
I'm really craving subway right now!
how much to join?
It sounds fun.
Off to The Cinefamily for a screening of SPIRITED AWAY.
I love seeing the Ghibli films on the big screen.

absolutely!
And I will look into it when we've caught our breath.
I'm so proud of our Tiger Girl!
I'm outta control, you outta control.......this whole damn party is outta control lol
Just met mister Zhang Yesui, Chinese Ambassador to the U.S.
how cool!
King ranch chicken casserole x2; homemade brownies  all the ingredients to make waffles
Thanks for the FF woof!!
:
Not sure about the posters just yet, but the T Shirt is still available if that's interesting?
I am...NOW
Think i'm gonna start gymnastics again.
I miss it.3
3 thanks!
that's very kind of you.
Please do!!
2011.10.09 Brewers postseason  Blazing hot sun / rally towel makes fine headgear / section 440
used the word skylark in a response...
Immediate cosign, lmao.
Get out of my brain.
Don't you just love Gaudi?
Well, it wasn't raining when I started my run...
laila, thats a STRONG song..
if you sing that song i has to be PERFECT no mess ups, hahah js:
2112 Rush Tom Sawyer just played at game
I WANNA BE NOTICED BY YOU3 :
What an amazing weekend ahead of us at tkgmusicgroup!
on Friday and Choir Sing Along Saturday!
Whoa!
is watching  take New York...
Thanks!
No, didn't go thru the UK, just straight to Brussels.
Hope to visit the UK soon.
I love Scotland :
Thanks for following!
:
I have seen the weirdest things today!

I usually blame the To Zanarkand theme.

Happy Birthday cupcake!
; XoXoXo
I swear it wasn't about you!
I cross my heart I will even send you a picture of who it is about..it's just not you.
This is probably the worst news I could ever hear.
I love you mom3 I hope you're okay.
people fucking piss me off i swear i wouldn't mind killing certain cunts.
I have no idea what to get my mom for Mother's Day.
Remember the loveliness of the pollen is not depicted.
Kanye West attends the Rodarte Fall 2011 fashion show during MercedesBenz Fashion Week at a Private Studio in New York City.
i get my report card today 
Hand carved walking sticks, inlaid and etched with the verse of your choice  what a perfect Father's Day gift  order yours from Quinten!
To love is to understand that though a person is not perfect, they are perfect for you.
These days, WTF just doesn't say enough LOL
good morning world ...
lets get it doctoramers...JUST WASNT MY TIME
This love 
Fiona Apple sold out and I never made it past the server error page!
Aargh!
90s teenager me just died inside.
ItsTimeForYouToRealize that is going to have a amazing year3
can't wait to see u Azu!
America Fuck Yeah!
People that give New Jersey a hard time have never been to West Virginia
who told you I had a problem with gays?
I'm watching it
tell her my booty says hello!
:P
all about it tomorrow!
Crazy how I'm gonna be a sophomore next year
I'm going to the Netherlands this summer with the UW iSchool Dutch Designs study abroad program!
Wahoo!
We are awesome!
Pleanty of Bronco talk to come!
I hate being sick..
in need of soup, tea,  meds
My eyes hurt real bad!
loved the webinar..
very great!
you got a guy a truly cool dude to show up, very awesome.
I'm truly bored.
Jus not feelin work, or anything else...
Need Mother's Day plans?
The PGH Zoo  PPG Aquarium Mother's Day Celebration!
Starting at 11am, all moms get in free accompanied by a...
: One if you mafakas wana buy me some titties?you kno I got you boo
On the field or in interviews?
RT Brewers fans would be wise to lower the expectations for Nyjer Morgan this upcoming season.
speaking the truth about the GOP gridlock on transportation.
Is it boot Friday?
It's pantsfree Friday here in the Boston office!
j/k
Stuck in traffic.
Get outa here!
Gmar Hatima Tova...
may all my fellow Jews have an easy fast.
A reminder that all large grant proposal doctorfts are due August 15.
Therapists should have fully stocked bars for their patients.
man with the golden gun
my goal is to donate my hair to LOCKS OF LOVE in June...
excited!
Oh that's very sad news :
iftwitterdoesntexist I'd create it
my gf started a blog for her childoctorn's outreach programming, but she doesn't want anyone to know about it.
???
Ready to see whoop some ass tonight...
Let's go cats!
MY Dude!!
I miss you!!
nope.
Heading in at 4:30 to watch Caps at work
Percocet is a wonder doctorg, and surgery went great.
Wait, is Scott Baio really dead?
DonnaSummer You will always be THE Queen of Disco and your songs continue to inspire us to dance.
May you rest in peace.
following u brother
Today I mentioned your catsitting infographic to my Tech Comm students and they all loved it!
I wish Austin would tweet me or follow me:/ /3
Saw a guy pick up a penny and start skipping after.
Signs of the economy
The St.
Louis Cardinals show there is always hope.
Always.
Never ever give up.
All this talk on twitter about Gold Rush is getting me excited for the season premier!
thinkgolditsfriday!
Miami Coral Park dikes are the worsts.
What's the score on the Lakers  Thunder tweeps?
How much time left?
What quarter?
HelpABrotherOut lol
Just about dying from laughing at the video we made at 's house one time.
Good times :p
Ain't never seen it.
I have an allergic reaction to Tom Cruise that I won't risk exacerbating.
my roommate and her bf have been playing it nonstop from what i can tell haha
i have together him to follow me.
Looking forward to presenting social media basics  recommendations for a local business association.
Maybe one of the bakeries will host!
Yelling fuck in front of my parents and seeing my dads face
Its the mark of buddah !
Stop in and let us know You found us on Twitter!!
:
I have heard it 9 billion times.
But yeeeeeaaah!
LOL
Get Rich or Die Trying has been on tv a lot lately.
Welcome Parents and Family!
Hope you all enjoyed seeing DK!
Your students are great!
That's right...time traveling this weekend.
It's snowing!
Woohoo!
Did you two have a good relationship?
I LOVE YOU AND NEVER WANT TO LEAVE
love the urban garden idea, great opportunity to honor vets further via outdoor sculpture as well...
Treating sister 2 some steak in a bit.
Woo.
Yes, June for sure!
Benefits Of Coupons
Classic NSync time....I want you back.....OH YES!!!!
Congratulations to Irvington Green Initiative for winning a Neighbor Power!
award today for the Irvington Skill Share.
not so sure gcbt  ghns my motto
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
WHOA.
Badgers RT : I have been told former Maryland QB Danny O'Brien is poised to come to UW for 2012.
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.
Beware the Status Quo, my son!
The jaws that clench, the claws that catch!
Beware the HoHum bird, and shun the complacent doctorugr.
did they even spell greatest wrong?
A: it's healthy to get perspective from other successful executives
Meal was very good.
Impressed with the crisp veggies in the salad and flavor of the pasta.
Again, Again!
Oh PLEASE talk about the swine flu...
just can't enough of that...
F is for friends who do stuff together
ok I gotcha
Should've went to that party.
Thank you all for hosting futrchat!
Looking forward to more.
HAPPY BDAY!!!!!
Best wishes!!!!
Hope u have an awesome day!!!!
Yes it is.
Come on HOGS lets beat bama!
Leverkusen: u wont give yourself a chance sitting in and 'hoping' to somehow score 3 goals.
start pressing and taking chances
i know it's way overdue, but i think i need to make my new website :
When squatting be sure to remain in control at all times.
Don't bounce at the bottom.
Push from your heels, head up, butt out.
I have a crank in my neck.
Is that an excuse for me to be cranky?
cornyjoke My bad attitude is due to lack of sleep and too many finals.
:
Moving the day after graduation.
fridayreads Zazen by I can get behind a book that references a character as Big Old Cheese Eater When She's Not Around.
In a room with the top CLOs in the country listening to a proposal for std learning KPIs and analytics defs.
Is this a good idea?
DON'T BE INSECURE, IF YOU'RE HEART IS PURE.
YOU'RE STILL GOOD TO ME IF YOU'RE A BAD KID BABY :
The best yogurt when you blend your fruits  veggies is Greek or plain because there is no sugar added; Check the labels for under 9 grams!
Since love is what we human beings inherently seek, long for, hope to find, want to have, wish to share.
Then why don't we love more?
the mean girl ish...I'm looking for a good fight party
You just keep on killing it.
RT : Jumping for joy is good exercise.
Author Unknown
didnt know jesus number 2 had it in her
you brought that top spin 4??
I just hope that I'm forgiven for caring bout how they living...
YES!
: Glad to announce I accepted the Marketing and Social Media Coordinator position with !
: pr marketing career
Stayed after school for 3hours with my math teacher.
Repost this if blah blah blah, fuk that!
Wow!
Can't wait for this fest.
Thx for including as a performer!
Tupac is still the best to ever do it!
Technology is like fish.
The longer it stays on the shelf, the less desirable it becomes.
Andoctorw Heller, IBM
sounds good.
You move to NYC?
Running it in SF?
We are still in the same place  only now we have the entire building instead of just half!
I'm still trying to figure that out too
My poor baby
Keep on keepin' on Sammy!
When I wiped the tears from my eyes The warm water took me by surprise And I woke up beside the ocean I realized I must be in California
I want to go to a pirates game so bad..
Who's taking me!
Oh my, this is intense.
I have no idea what to do right now!
: Work flow TeamNordstrom : bout to come get me a discount lls !!
Didn't know u worked there !!
haha you dumb!
Thank you!
What type of noodle is your most favorite noodle?
trying to get to follow you or tweet you is like trying to shave your mustache.......wait....what?LOL
I'm in NC.
I need help too!
The only playlist of mine bigger than Sublime.....
Beastieboys.
regretting doing anything last night.
great communication IMHO you spoke courageously and brilliantly in the video congrats.
I had Already put something in
I been good, gearing up radio for my first single.
Any Grammy parties?
In a session about Evaluating the Practical Applications of EyeTracking in Museums
gotta love these people and follow
Join Lebron James, Chris Paul, Kevin Hart,  bday boy Floyd Mayweather at The Ballroom Orlando Saturday Feb 25
Nothing makes for a better day than buying a new toy then going out for some Culvers.
I gots the sniffles so rest and doggy snuffles all day Sunday.
Today was tour loose ends.
Tomorrow?
Trash TV!
Dude, are you coming to school.?
We have to work in partners in math...
Looking forward to coming home tomorrow.
Been a long couple weeks, and really hoping a few exciting things pan out in the next few weeks
Enter the Matrix
I love these!!!!!!
See you in a few days!
Now paging
Congratulations to Angela Mujica Mackey, winner of a Mumoocie memory foam pillow!
yes omg
You're welcome; thank you for the FF!!
OMG!!
GRRRRR I did!
this nigga doing to much observing in the back seat
Good call.
I was thinking whole foods too, but that's certainly closer!
Thanks, Em!
Loves you!
So excited to take Sydney to a prerelease screening of Harry Potter  the Deathly Hallows Part 2 tomorrow!
Engage in activities to develop new company messaging and themes that will serve as a platform for a sustained campaign.
I'm still pretty motivated, but my motivation is making rank and finishing school.
Idc to be a war hero or anything.
Great south suburban event last night.
Thank you Ballantrae, Flossmoor, Hazel Crest, South Holland, Matteson, 34th Ward, ....
Your Commish!
Thanks right back at cha!
RT : S/O to new friend !
Good ppl!
you should seriously go download 's music it's ALL FREE!!
so why not??
plus its great 3
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
pens suck balls.
its ok I guess jus dont b wanting to go tho lol
4famouswords TO INFINITY AND BEYOND
thanks.
It's 21/2 mins long all on the defensive side of the ball.
I said the LOnghorns have a rich history of players in the NFL.
Not all them are ultra successful
I am sensitive to people with disabilities and the fact that using retarded as a pejorative needs to end.
whyy are you soo damn handsome?;
Download Opera Mobile Emulator 11  Cobasanasini
Hold on to this lead!
Watch out for a new Blue Light Session tomorrow feat.
the Young Rapids!
My favorite is Always do everything you ask of those you command.
My dad is a vet; I enjoy history.
honortheveterans!
Mullah 's mom got a college education.
At the doctor's office!!
Dear , is it illegal to maim an inlaw?
is it?
really?
Grrrrrr.
This substitute is so weird!
If anyone of you is on Facebook, please friend me  I do other things there!
Ron Nash
Saw that vampire credit the other day and my immediate thought was Are they bringing Blade to the Avengers?
Metadata is a process Why not welcomenonprofessorssional archivists into that process?
Why's that?
Tonight swag wednesdays inside the mirage club!
Big mind TV, dj 151 and doing it big tonight...arrive early!
got my doctorid.
thanks
i feel so bad about what happened to you my heart goes out to you you'r such a sweet girl.
Have fun
With no run game the Bears lose 13 games per year; Berry already missed all of last season; Brady IS mister Bundchen LOL
Today better go by fast
hope to see you there.
Haha love ur posts 3 can't wait to see what u put up next :
loving the new macbook air..
but no docking station from apple?!
and i was this close turning into a fanboy.
Photo shoot with today'
Surprisingly that helped, thank you  
30year jumbo was unchanged at 5.070 percent  inflating the jumboconforming spread to 89 basis points
Your so whipped i loue it!
;
yea at practice, aren't you going?
HOLDING YO TONGUE WILL GET YOU FARTHER THAN U THINK
Like today I honestly felt like just getting doctornk...
And saying fml...
But I didn't...
So I'm proud...
Baby steps
Happy Thanksgiving!
OPERA BARBIE
My stomach is protesting violently from the Brewers win last night against the Diamondbacks.
Great game.
CAST N E STONE
nice bike haha
Something about running fast just makes me believe this is going to be an exciting Indy 500...
and who says im hopping to the other team lol They have a good team hope they do good.OKC or the heat well i want okc to win
It loves you too ;P
I think just working in software certifies you to use desi but yes, I'm also mango powered 8 cc
Is Louisville really going to pull this win off?
iPhone UI annoyance: having to close all SMS alerts you got during a phone call before you can End Call
I haven't seen you in years!!
follow me please I bet you won't :
Without question, the greatest invention in the history
Horrible day.
I just want to go to sleep.
ESPN bringing in Chef Emeril after the break?
Good morning, Kaity.
I like remark that perhaps some ideas were better written well and briefly and not necessarily written to completion.
This is some
I did lol it just came out yesterday and it got 17000 views so im not the only one
Thanks for mention  Love ur new pic.
She is a cutie!
Thank you for supporting school reconstruction  investments in ed!
Also cochair of House Childoctorn's Caucus.
fashion condemns us to many follies; the greatest is to make ourselves its slave  napoleon bonaparte
Henry MillerNot the cry, but the flight of a wild duck, leads the flock to fly and follow
haha well you've got a week or two to figure it out :
If you order a shirt online, what extras would you want in the package?
Tons of ideas now, just need to add possibilities to the list :
Fun for the kids!
Tomorrow in yukon, free trout fishing at the lake, prizes and fishing tips.
9am12 noon
Tired currently.
Definitely don't gotten it all together.
so great to see you!
Sorry I was lame and didn't make it out last night!
New York soon!
Have a safe trip home.
part of my funnybone just died inside.
:
It always makes me happy to be playing a game and have that moment, wait a minute, it's Col.
Tigh!.
ha!
Exactly
It's the blind leading the blind or in this case the stupid leading the idiotic and I can't stand it!
It's easier to fake happiness then to explain why you're sad.
MALC chairman Trey Martinez Fischer on redistricting challenges: This is our leave no minority voters behind act.
I'm getting ate tf up by bugs 
guise n0 if you wanna win you gotta do a classic.
Soandso won three years ago with an 80's song.
No Kurt you may not.
Even time needs time to catch up with itself.
Wow.
It's December already.
I'd tackle my resolutions for 2011 if I could remember what they were.
Had yogurt  a grilled chicken wrap for lunch.
That covers the healthy, so now I can get Hard Times chili nachos at the ballpark for dinner.
i think i need one of those shock collars that buzzes me whenever i go on facebook instead of working.
Burgstahler: Universal design...seeks to make it possible for everyone to participate in an inclusive setting where no one is singled out.
From EA...
Nice page!
Thanks for the shout out, Travis!
RT : Would not want to be Ward right now.
The main people who talk shit about folks are the ones that have more problems than a math test..
oh yeah, I saw there stand when we went for the Red hot Chili peppers.
They were closed though.
I Always Wanted To Ask What Your Background Was.?
PrayForClaire She's not gonna make it much longer....
Loved american idol .!
: STEFANO AND LAUREN!!
3
that she was doctorgged by those around her as a murder in an attempt to make money.
I'm gonna post a full thing tomo.
WHERE U FROM :
GODORT happy hour info has been posted to the blog, wiki, conference schedule, ALA wiki, govdocl and godort list.
Any other suggestions?
TenFactsAboutMe 7 if your gonna annoy me, don't talk to me
Forget it ill just move to Africa.
San Fran folk...
Recommendations for an amazing dinner venue?
Have a meeting planned in a few weeks.
Phoenix Suns GM Steve Kerr at 8:45!
yep, it'da be a great job w/my degree im gettin.
or the court house in carroll co.
is other option.
This week I can't help but think, Steve Jobs would have been one hell of a President.
since I was a kid, grandfather lived there when I was born, he always liked them, and was a Braves fan also.
Seahawks too.
Meryl Streep's brilliant, but does most decoratedbest?
What abt Cicely Tyson, Anna May Wong?
We'll never know true extent of their talent
I'd rather go live with my dad's side and move to Spain.
I miss my cousins there.
That article isn't as complete as I remember; if you can find something more comprehensive it'd make great background for the game.
I feel awful  just want to be in bed.
girl:who do you like?
boy:it is a secret girl:you can tell me boy:ok it starts with a y and ends with u
Really??
Wow.
I'm P.P.
all the way.
I think BOTH our picks will be in the finale.
such torture..
I never know which side to choose!
I decided that was the library name back when I was teaching that Max class at Brandeis.
I'm only finally now posting stuff
Nelson Cruz's family is sitting behind me and my dad tonight at the game.
Look like some pretty cool people they are proud of their Nelson!!
Savings Tip  Clean/replace AC filters monthly; cleaning or replacing dirty air filters can save 5 of the energy used to run the AC system
Z to lose  Z to fear  X to gain, where X is everything and Z is nothing.
Y wait?
A5: To be a leader you must be visible.
nothing niga nothing
why dont u like to let your man take care of u
My grandfather is 88 years young today!
Happy Birthday Gramps!
I LOVE this!
Very CSI ;
Daily GTKY question: For cinema and/or literary entertainment, do you preferhorror or romance?
who says leave all the fun to ff?
socialsaturday  for author history bookreviews and warof1812 information, follow !
Edie said she saw Braden outside yesterday and he told her they were going to Woody's house...lol
Diamond Developers delivers first commercial project in Arjan  WAM  Emirates News Agency
Today's nugget of awesomeness: This cigarette is stale, I think I'll roll a freshman.
lets get rowdy tonight than lol
afternoon stranger!!
Go24!!
Lol who the fuck gave RobERt the password to this account?!?!
Damien Wolfe
You too!
Wishing you MuchSuccess!
Coming soon: and I listen to and live tweet LEN's classic album Can't Stop the Bum Rush
Ah...
finishing a big project: such a joy!
I love the feeling of being giddy with exhaustion.
:
ugh i was totally gonna go but I have to work now.
have fun fellow foodie.
Anyone else headed to the game this afternoon?
We'll be in the lawn enjoying Reese's first baseball game
we're in a bromance!!
If you speak about it, you should be about it not just preach about it all day
Wow!
Great Pic :
ciao David!
Warning: they are addictive ;
RT It's a how many scrotums were in my mouth?
kinda morning.
I counted 6 if you include the tea bagging
Am I begging or choosing?
Decisions decisions....
YES!!!
my best friend!!
Got rid of Jerry Angelo.
Good start, Bears.
Let's be smart and not hire from withinor let the Bears brass do the hiring at all.
RUwriting Talked about Henry IV w/ the esteemed coauthor how lines of succession are much easier to handle in fantasy.
Currently working my way through HIMYM, is Madmen on Netflix?
I'll have to give it a whirl.
This day needs to pick up the pace a little bit.
Feels like I've been here forever.
Went from laughing with Shannon, to us both breaking down in tears :' Ugh.
il2011 is the muck up?

hehehe we're god!
Research methods have changed but librarians are still needed!
I know u !!lol
Enjoy this on HCG.
Mash 56 strawberries until juicy.
Mix juice of a lemon, berries, stevia, plain carbonated water over ice.
Enjoy!
My phone is still broken guys.
Stop texting me.
You know what they say, baby steps and Vicodin.
Mom's friend giving me advice on handling change.
: Have any?
welp, I'm a little tired.
ready for this day to be over.
It just about my life

Hooray we made it!
If followed or noticed me my life would be made33 doctoraminBig DedicatedFan 333
A good life should be equal parts triumph and humiliation.
Dance Your Ass Off!
Peeps.
on tonite!
i know u can break dat wit ease
thank you very much
your welcome ;
Yes!
Finally just went 25 mph on the interstate
with the Cardinals starring in I can do bad all by myself
Dude.....
RT : Lakers have the players to win the series.
They won't tho
PA warned many times.
Maybe show, on screen, an offender getting tossed?
RT Fans, we cannot throw rats during the game.
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.
the meet and greet was 150 but that wasn't when i met her and omg thats crazy how you live in hawaii you're so lucky!
lol
Just got dogcussed by a doortodoor salesman for declining home delivery of the
I voted for you!
: Bisexuals more easily out online than off?
Definitely!
Looking forward to it!
When we are no longer able to change a situation...
We are challenged to change ourselves.
Beethoven play turing out well.
We'll see you there!
J Squared Entertainment is now J Squared Entertainment Group
Thank you for tweeting the article.
You'd be surprised how many people sneak diss...smh
Remember,there's no dawn w/o a night,there's no victory w/o a fight,there's no rainbow without the rain,there's no happiness without pain.
WELL HOW ELSE AM I SUPPOSE TO LOVE THEM.
THEY KEEP RUNNIG AWAY FROM ME.
Thank you thank you!!!
Wants to read a good book on creativity and creative processes.
Any suggestions?
Thanks, let me know how working out goes.
50??
Where did you get them?
hello there!
Giving a copyright talk today at the Univ of Minnesota.
1CCINSIDER  OPEN SUBSCRIBE DIRECTORY SCIENCE ...
Jeff Boulay  Director of Interactive Design from Neoscape talking about jQuery mobile.
I feels you !
Like them boots I put on lmao :D
Melodic chorus, fast verse, breakdowns, or all of the above...Since when is promoting new music, spamming
nvm : my husband said no im sorry
I go to Target to buy two things, came back with about 10 things.
Hahaha, it was definitely a mom and two small kids, but that doesn't make it any less weird.
oh my god!
Me and my were laughing about that yesterday.
Its her favorite part!
Best movie ever!
Your THE MAN Pee Wee!!!
Wonderful!
Can't wait to have you all with us :
Danielle is behind me
Very few stoppages.
They are letting the Fire and Sounders FC play.
00 at the 28 min mark.
MC just told me she lied during last nights interview  waited til I was washing dishes to do it.
Completely changes the story.
Time for some animation magic, ready go!!!
Me and get so mad at each other and cuse each other out over but it's hilarious cause were still so close :
WHO REALLY OWNS YOUR LIFE?
Your business or your boss?
Take control of your life!!
www.whoreallyownsyourlife/spl004
Commonwealth Academy basketball seasons over.
Congratulations Girls, Middle School Boys,  High School Boys.
Excellent effort by all 3 teams
Today is one of our members 21st birthday, Forrest Miller.
Come to Swiggs at 8 for a fun celebration!
A true boyfriend,
Don't you just love the people who have blurry pics to either hide their identity or make them look better
Wow I want you back just came k.
My shuffle I can't wait for senior year and to have all you abroad fucks back!!!
Wrong answer
pleasure to have you following me...
doctoramt someone said fleet foxes' lyrics were better than modest mouse's and was FURIOUS.
WUT DOES DIZ MEAN?
today in blues history: Nov 15, 1968, Johnnie Taylor receives 1st Gold Record for Who's Making Love?
P.E.M.D.A.S  please .excuse .my .dope ass.
swagg
It's raining :
asian neighbors are bumpin' some show tunes
RT Moment of silence for all those childoctorn lost during a blowjob......u stupid fam lol its alot of kids missn then lol
just sent you invite Alex.
Happy New Years...
We should be growing together.
Not growing apart.
How are you this amaizng day?
TBS was amazing last night, they really know how to put on one he'll of a show...they made my night a million times better 3
Ya but they're famous, and they went to schools ....
so they must be edu experts
A writer writes.
Keep writing.
Write the great American novel, rewrite it to near perfection, send it out, then do it all over again..
Classic Slice Bay View will be closing at 9pm for it's staff holiday party.
Seeing just how dangerous F1 was and how much time it took for them to fix it is mental
I am so engaged with that I don't have time to tweet.
ever been to grass valley?
This place is bumpin.
Libya forwhoforwhat?
Public transportation is the best for hilarious people watching.
Auction off the ring for charity?
Why do the majority react to life's challenges instead of being prepared?
Thanks for following us back!
Lots of stats: Twitter users send 175 million tweets/day.
Users follow  10 brands.
Only 65 read brand tweets.
They have one app that puts on creepy demonic like eyes and the photos of them actually disturb me...brrrr :
the ABC news website is crap.
all i want are election results from super tuesday but i've spent 15 min on that thing  can't find them!!
Can u speak english when I tweet u?
welcome to chattanooga
hiya Jason!
I was wondering what is your current song at the moment?
Carl Weathers bud light commercial, greatest Raider ever um!!!
Maybe you could redirect her.
Doesn't Levi's condo need decorating?
I wish you made your Confirmation with me !
That would have been a night to remember 3 3
There are great sources of protien other than just meat!
Try beans, nuts, seeds, peas, tofu, and soy!
oh youre very welcome :
Going to at the Civic Center tonight?
Dine with us beforehand or afterward!
Oh yes!!
Keep blowing your nose into the grass and spitting.
THAT'S HOT!!
...and we know lots of other MKE arts groups do what they can to foster youth creativity in  out of school, too:
Yup.
It's all about experimentation now.
Thinking of ways to mash sharing tools.
SeeSaw is next.
our site is getting cooler everyday : thanks to all the awesome bands that are joining !
I Wanna send out my condolences to the whole Laker Nation!!!
LA u better tighten up!!!
He was not truly in need of the colt, for many times He had gone about all of Galilee and Judea on foot.
Back in 2003, Patriots took another safety type from Illinois in second round, Eugene Wilson.
They just got Tavon Wilson here.
Full house on a rainy day, so cozy.
very interesting.
Sent this over to our content dept for review, maybe we'll do a write up.
FUCK WIT A NIGGA LIKE CUP, FULL OF LIQUOR!!
I'm sowwwwry!
:P Well I was put off by school custard so I haven't eaten it anywhere else but I heard ambrosia is good!
:L
insomnia is rough...
Feeling sick is no bueno...
OJ, immune boosting tea  soup.
Any helpful remedies that I'm missing?
Good ol' Cube!
Cool, I'll keep an eye out.
I recommend the game to anyone who'll listen.
I can feel the epic, waiting to be doctorpped.
followback!
is a Sexy account related to Watch porn online!:
Well that was a normal wednesday blackout..
This is True.
Steven has said we can not travel without him..
yes!!!
I will go with you
No mistakes were made wen u woke up this morning..
Need badges for the real world.
I believe I have just mastered scrambled eggs.
That is some creative managing by Roenicke.
And by creative I mean bad.
I need a volunteer to come watch Netflix and cuddle with me for the rest of the day.
Okay?
Okay.
Dear guys, don't ever tell a girl to chill or relax.
Sincerely, we will hit you.
Same here, please.
MT : Any Latinos in favor of SB1070 and similar laws?
Message me, please.
Welcome Francisco!
/ Good luck with the summit.
I wish I was there instead of Louisville.
Like you can trust us ;
jump to conclusions...
I love my relationship with my bed.
No commitment needed.
We just sleep together.
EVERYNIGHT.
Thanks!
You guys were great!
Fullerton was awesome!
yes that was a spam attack sorry for any inconvenience
I just wanna say hello !
hey based on the few suggestions you gave me I had incredble changes to my social networking last week.
thank you
kool I just emailed ya
Glad you like the PSA.
And 16 tds...for the other team RT : Wow.
Donovan McNabb is on pace for 624 passing yards.
For the season.
thanks for the heads up!
Our building maintenance fixed us up yesterday, but I'll keep you in mind for next time.
Is adding orange juice to your morning vodka considered a healthier lifestyle??
At my campground in New Hampshire.
MILWAUKEEMISSING DOG: Salvador/chug pup/beige/blk face/Last seen 27th/Forest Home noon today/blue jacket/green collar.
4147195891 THANKS!
17 gm win streak  18 gm win streak will play tomorrow in Knoxville!
Come see some WCWS caliber softball
What doesn't kill you makes you wish it did.
i have the eatsmart precision scale.
Not too expensive, easy to use.
Thanks so much for sharing our summer festival guide!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
aw that's cute, I miss herr to 3
Hi guys!!
Made it for another fun design chat.
What, no selling?
No call to action?
Just a singular personal voice?
I love it!!!
how are you?
!!!!
RT A black girl's worst nightmare, weighing less than 120......we like our curves.
Welcome to  can't wait to have your team at the Transactional LawMeet!
can u put ths track n for me.
already hav the braid.
i kno ths is ghetto lol
dope,I'm digging the opening track, ill have to chk yall out more .
Again appreciate the follow.
It's Gucci
Working on News4; watching Caps fan Rangers fan
Ernies law, if you park in a handicap spot without being handicap a officer mimicking Jerry Lewis appears and busts your windows.
Hi, Im misterRight.
Someone said you were looking for me.
headline grabbing but no depth!
Would love to know what a pre and post round meal would be!
nakedatdennys with and
s/o to the BEST Left Handed Hooper in the country
nice photos, like your blog a lot, thanks for featuring us!
I have a bunchh of pictures from this freshman year I used to take for yearbook soo im gonna send them to the historians :o
Maybe tall is a state of mind....
It's a nice day for a dog walk in the SWedge.
Lucky was stopping to sniff everything :
I'll go anywhere with you
follow for opening dates I will be looking for staff
Got a new washer today.
Never thought I'd be so excited to do laundoctor!
What time does it say that game at BC is?
3pm?
Hey NYers, how'd you spend this beautiful glimpse of spring today?
Outdoor yoga anyone?
Hey Ladies..
You aren't a Single Mother if your Kids Father is doing his part..
You're just Single with Kids :
Nah you going to be on this team lol ..!!
A celebrity is a person who works hard all his life to become well known, then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized.
Fred Allen
Screencasting is terrific tool live jing nercomp11 visual great for students
NBD, Its a Ghost Baby
reports close enough to proof that Seau sent txts to 3 childoctorn exwife yesterday
I hate the lakers except Jordan hill :
Obviously I'm not gonna date you..
299 CREDIT REPAIR!
this week only..remove all negative items..see results in 30days or money back..call 7864126159.
free credit report!
Brandon Leslie on tweeter what a surprise
just got done with yayas hair...Matt wrote me
we were walking in the city one day and I was like isn't that the girl from shake it up.
So I asked her and she was like yea
Shell station down the street from TireTech in Cologne: 7.39/gal.
for diesel, 7.92/gal.
for regular.
riding the Sbahn!
hacks back on...
energy doctornks entering blood stream

Even if the titties are out you must talk to them.
Cabbie on Bourbon St I expect some twitpics
I hate half the weak ass wack ass people in San Antonio...seriously.
That's why I'm Lowkey.
Fuck all y'all 
: Crazy to see the Raiders doctorp mad cash on Routt  let Asomugha walk and then he walks a year later and we b fucked...
Also, I'm a bitch.
This man sittin next to me is diggin waaaaaaaayyy up his nose w/ no shame.
Hes focused!
I wonder if he can see me tryna get a pic of him?
Ha
can u at least tweet some funny shit, i kno ur real inside.
Oh, dear.
Why do you think that?
: Life is too short to hold grudges AMEN  lol
Me, too.
My wife  my boss were both like, What if he was armed?, but they'd have done the same.
Its a shame when someone assumes that im mean.
Lol...
Find out
seriously this is the pic you chose..haha
happy birthday!
:
FF If you're interested in healthcare, health IT, etc, you should follow my intelligent and insightful colleague
Gotta work again tonight but chillin by the bube tube for a bit  Big Bang Theory reruns  when I settle in to work, will turn to sfgiants!
YouWasSexyUntil u went around AmberCole ing it....
Ran for second day in a row.
should be proud :
Notre Dame moving on.
Sad way for Hayes to finish her career, some poor decisions in crunch time, ND stepped up and won it
ur so lucky i love GSP
Looking forward to a big meal followed by THE BIG MEAL at !
Nice.
Toga is currently hiding from a bird on the front steps.
He fears the animal kingdome.
:
Happy National Volunteer's Week!
LOVES our volunteers!!
Thank you for helping save childoctorn in your local community!
Sitting outside doctornking coffee and smoking a cigarette.
Heading to Blackbird w/ in the hour to see peeps and enjoy some Free Bloody Mary and Sloppy Joe.
Ugh...

I'm personally in Pittsburgh, But i travel for large events in NY and jersey, Philly, Miami .
We have 5 offices babe.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Just wait...
RT : : I logged back in and it seems better.
One's first entry into needs a little work.
School is a waist of time.
My first two periods I have literally nothing to do.
We are doctorving around the campus of while we wait for my brothers  mom 2 meet us for lunch!
Excited for both!
I want sime real fried chicken .
Not kfc or popeyes!
I love you too mommy .
:D
Shout out to and  I need to go change my toilet paper...
Just started watching again after a few years...love u!!
You are smokin, HOT and Hilarious...
I just saw a picture of a room full of overweight cops how did they get hired who are they chasing ????
thats the reason why I hate elevator...
so much for the bucs getting trent richardson.
It's that time again!
So hungry
When life gives you lemons, make ORANGES!!!
Keynote speaker is also an Instructional Designer :
yes.
It looks like there's a couple.
I'd check out the one near Covent Garden
Great defense in the first half.
Good effort so far vs.
a good Chicago team.
The 3 C's of Life: Choices, Chances, Changes.
You must make a Choice to take a Chance or your life will never Change.
I really appreciate your insights and perspectives.
Looking forward to reading your book!
Need advanced copy readers?
Now baby don't be shy, you better cross the line.
;p
Ok, Second City...where's a hip spot for a new Chicago guy to get his hair chopped and styled?
Congrats to our own Willie Carter Signed to the Washington Redskins.
I follow OPT
Man why does this lady ask me the same damn questions every time!
Just met with this AMAZING painter who is going to donate some of his work to be in our show!!
Great news!!
Now thanks be to God, who always causes us to triumph in Christ.2 Corinthians 2:14
I got to see 's in person last night  they look good!
It's a Taking Back Sunday kind of night
All this talk about the kids caught doctornking at their prom in Dixon reminds me of a 90210 episode.
youre welcome my man
One of these days I'm gonna punch someone with a smart phone in the mirror.
Confit Veal Heart Chawanmushi in the works for tonight
Historic buffs and those looking to get a feel for the fateful voyage of the Titanic with the newly available Titanic app
Looks like alot of the people I know are headed to the Broadway Bar, maybe you should too.
Hey everyone!
Check out my new photography website...
If you are lookN for a photographer let me know!
www.definingmomentsbysm.com.
Enjoy!
smart man!
Must be a guy thing :
I want a bigger one like my vanilla one lol
I just shot my first SAGAFTRA spot for Bank of America.
It was so much fun.
I have a strong hatred for country music.
Oh please!
Honesty goes a long way; it doesn't make a person seem like a player
I'm Cold  I Can't Sleep ;0
But WOW, he was AMAZING the way he did it!!
BryceOverload RT Bryce Harper grounded out to P in 1st career MLB at bat.
You aint pullin fire arms, you wouldn't even pull a fire alarm, retire / disarm, you strung out like wire or yarn
we love you Justin :'
Have you been doctornking son?
You don't look old enough to me, I'm sorry officer, Is there a certain age you're supposed to be?
Isn't it a gift when someone else's lyrics express exactly what you're going thru?
That's when you sing that song at the top of your lungs!
imagine Niall is sleeping and you attack him with a pillow Niall: AHH!
you: morning babe kisses him
insider tip, , you pregame at nellie's before finishing the night at town.
My professorssor said I could use glitter on my poster project.
Will I be doing this?
Oh yes.
Follow me and I will definetly follow bak
Happy FF to some fabulous partners:
welcome back!
safety would be Burnett, McMillan, Lavine and M.D.
Jennings
If you are home in LA right now you should be watching be on doctorgs on the Price Is Right
Court sucks.
IM SO PROUD OF YOU 3 MahonetoLA ProudMahomie please come to chile :
We are State General Contractors and Roofing Contractors 3052323344
: My limousine doctorver is trying to small talk me.
firstworldpain taxi for the poorer people
yep how u?
Why didn't I arrange to take tomorrow off?
So many blogs.
So little time.
I was waiting for comments on that.
I figured it would be you or .
I'll pick up dog shew shew, get bit...
how many people can say I picked up UK head coach's dog poo, or been bit, ha
Death and life are in the power of the tongue...
Proverbs 18:21
progressive and proud of it 
Study.
Study.
Amazing, good work!
RT : No problem.
Have a good weekend  mine started great, just got a client hit in !
Oh snap.
Let me get a ticket for the stress boat.
Don't forget Del Rio  Singletary too!
Totally called it.
70 of the crowd cleared out after Catacombz.
We love you too, Riverwest!
well you can't be shy forever lol, but we smoke almost everyday so u can join 1 day your not shy lol
The Amazing Race comes on tonight!
I haven't watched it any this season so I have yet to find a favorite team.:
Hi, Michelle!
I'm Alice.
nice helmets Oregon has!!!:
Roenicke's ability to make pitching decisions is right on par with Ned Yost's.
I like how I should be studying for my ap test Friday but I have no motivation so instead I just waste time on my phone
Click Click BOOM RT I MEET MY HAIR QUOTA TODAY HAIR BUSINESS IS BOOMING...:
its been a year since u took my 108 yr old boys 2 c believe,best show we ever seen c u soon!
And what they say dont even matter They dont know what I know about ya I dont want no one but you 3
half way there...by the time this video is up its going to be royce bday..so i guess its good timing...haha
Feel gorgeous and confident at FitBeachBody Workout in tminus 30!
Larry Michael is really cool!
earthquake in TN?
Omg The Chew is giving me diabetes just watching all those Delicious Cakes.
Ask ya Nigga 'Bout me !
Loved the new iCarly episode tonight
I totally use 's version of Oh No!
in everyday situations.
Haha
Thank you for posting our article about cancer.
It's time to eradicate this terrible disease!
did I just see you at MIAD?
COME TO CG
Cam we cuddle?
RT : all jokes aside who is bringin me sum damn soup????
lol
Happy Mothers Day to all of the moms out there!
Especially mine.
Love you so much mom!!!
well, getting paul to sing golden slumbers was a good idea.
ok...if and still wanna go maybe we can go there and we'll carpool?
i got my region 2 Blu for 11 bucks on eBay.
I guess it could be worse.
They could be playing Slayer or something of the sort.
Did you buy those pants on sale?
cause at my place they're 100 off.
I found all of them.
The strange thing is..
I feel really at home in NYC.
I love getting home at night and spending a couple hrs with the twins.
I also love it when they go to sleep.
Is that wrong?
Here we go off to hold some auditions !!!
Bass and doctorms !!!
We're excited !!!
Great minds discuss ideas; Average minds discuss events; Small minds discuss people.
Which one are you?
Having the hiccups sucks .
:
20factsaboutme 12.
I love country, hip hop, pop, and disco music
how is that place is that good eatin?
well duh you go to iupui with the jags and what nots...i'm not an ignoramus!
Thank you.
Back to shop life love it!!!!
All this talk of sugar lips from The Studio Naturale and the new menu has us thinking of lunch and dessert early today.
Saturday in the chi has begun, bull and bear stat
it's true!
Text alternatives for decorative images are empty.
Another alternative is to put image in the CSS.
you a fool.
My daughter Kelsey's 4th grade class is studying the food pyramid.
Now if we can get the kids AND PARENTS to follow it.
Watching a simulation of the birth of a galaxy cluster!
Yes, I also got that note when viewing a theatre review...
oh the one about Lookinglass.
Which sounds awful.
Bologna is actually an emulsified BEEF sausage.
But it still looks like a sex toy.
If I made it at home I'd probably use chuck
Satan's sack of fear seeds He carries them around trying relentlessly to plant them in us...
Continued next tweet
Is it safe to say that Chris Bosh is the Heats MVP?
Haha
n u claim your a true friend....
wow
ItsABootyCallWhen She Get Out With Them FUCK ME PUMPS ON You Better Be On 1 Lol
That's also what I'm thinking.
Especially given the change in the DOJ's position on all these circuit court cases.
throwin 100s 100s yo bitch bad i want it want it tell her put that pussy on me run it run it goin in sideways bitch im jackin all day 380
Looking for affiliates for empowering women.
Affiliate agreements or businesses who want to become a merchant on
911 memory: Knew an English cpl, Max  Honey, when I lived N Leyton UK.
Honey LOVED NYC  RockyHorrorPictureShow.
Hope u'r OK wherever U R
Aren't ALL problems manmade.
w/exceptn of natrl disasters.
Maybe those too?
Erthqkes in Ohio?
Fracking.
yessa thank the lord!
Directions and instructions are there for a reason.
:
the one this june been sold out...so I wnt b there

We have fear confused power with greatness.
Stewart L.
Udall
Congrats to DaddyO's Berkshire Stars South Coast NH Millers  Greenfield Ma NEasters for our 1st Adult Tourney
I'll admit, I enjoy reading the comments on online news articles.
But why did I decide to venture into the Fox News comments?
Dear God.
going to sleep in a little bit
Sun is domestic.
Unlike oil and natural gas, Sun energy does not need to be imported, and helps to reduce our oil dependence.
Yet again he tweeted enquire into precedents
My fuckin stomach hurts from that nasty as subway
ImHappyWhen I SEE MY INNER CIRCLE..
Never say goodbye because goodbye means going away, and going away means forgetting.
Peter Pan
Yes!
AND may the Lord also, likewise, prosper you and yours in 2011.
My wife  I were just thinking of you the other day :
Happy Holidays from PMBT.
amazing wine and cheeses!
Had a wonderful evening thanks to kent :
yep, I'm going to hang out for part of this one, and then I'm going to see an old coworker's future 15 at the hyatt at 6.
You?
opened the door  left it open, went down the stairs, turned on the light in the living room,  I was laughing  talking to
Will you be in Chicago?
btw, been told I should get in touch with you re: health/medical librarianship.
Will email you soon.
oh damn that's a great one!
Omg!
Marissa, my BFF, has tickets to see Lady Antebellum this FALL!
add me.
What's your name on there?
Cherry Red chariot, excess is just my character.
lol no ma'am I gots sum else to do this morning.
I'd call that a job well done good sir.
yes I got it!!
So excited!!
Tring to get into the but its so packed.
Thanks!
First ever twitter birthday greeting for me.
Nice to meet you.
I don't care what anyone says, Bruce Wayne can kick Tony Stark's ass anyday.
this is a duel at miller park today.
That was awesome RT : And that, friends, is how you kickoff a new ChiLive season.
Tune in Sat at 11pm
Somewhere in the multiverse, an agency has grown large and remained good.
It's a pollyanna sentiment, I know.
When people ask me if I'm working hard or hardly working, I like to stab them with a pen and ask if they're hurting hard or hardly hurting.
You'd think The Miracle Worker would be a silent film...
very nice website.
omg!
i love that movie  but they don't have it on netflix .
um...
i want to lick your face off...
then your body..
and yeah...
This was for you.
I think I forgot to tag you.
Haha.
RE: baby girl.
RT : Stop it.
Those sparkly eyes!!
Share We Are Defiance with your friends!
Life is full of happiness but very many disappointments 3
Ready to go to the zoo!!
Wanna see caged animals not the ones running around my house!!!
Lol
Politician: If there were more women in the Secret Service they wouldn't be hiring prostitutes.
WHAT?!
;
Another week on the short bus for you!
RT : Handicap for another week 
Hi!!!
What's up?
PS It's Monday
Listening to Odd Future on blast at my mother's pastor's house.
I really have the best man ever.
Writing my paper while Will makes me a healthy dinner.
lmao I'll be sure to tell He said he's down.
i got diagnosed with diabetes.
type II.
ugh.
that sucks, but i got meds now..
seen 2 different doctors, about 20 blood tests
hey!
Seeing your posts about homes.
That one for 3k would be 1100 here lol.
So crazy...
Brought my lil cousin to the Katy Perry concert!
She's a California Girl!!
I think I know which one won hahaha
man I hella slept good!
cooking breakfast and im texting !
Bring yo ass on.
As a matter of fact..
I just listened to the first 30 seconds of boyfriend...
Only down 8pts
watched SoulSurfer with my family and we were blessed by your courage and testimony...God Bless!
dont do it!!!
U spent alot of time making those!!!!
Glad I kept my Colorado boots in Jersey.
For every 1 degree higher on the thermostat, you save money and help the planet!
Hope all is well w/ you Jackson!
: No shopping the last two days ...
he's no longer in the dog house!
: xo
For everyone who is all yolo the strokes did it first and better
I'm shocked that given all the proof showing the gop has an issue with women you' re still defending them and blaming obama..
Starting to get hungry..
I should try to sleep now.
G'night tweeps
a little stressed for everything tomorrow holds, but extremely excited at the same time :
Will do.
I'm going through the tutorial now.
If u don't kno by now I say what the Gil I feel.
Fuk u if u don't agree or like it.
I'm not mad I just don't give afuk lol.
: If They Don't Appreciate You They Don't Deserve You
Ask them!
it's really that simple!
if you begin to chat/text/email can ask for more pics
Thats the Bosh I love not that stick ass toothpick looking nigga
hi there saw your quote you posted..
Are you a book reader ??
Just as the taste of water can't be explained that's the same way I can't explain to you why I love you
member when i almost got taken advantage at adans and you didnt believe me............
New pic!
What you think?
While you are busy populating the world with babies and getting married, I will be working on having a career
in the cinema watching
BUSTED.
But seriously.
Read some.
I've cried from laughing.
I'm just testing the waters...
she's on the swings
haha!
I turned the volume up to full blast almost.
YES!
should definitely be Jackies handle.
k
I hear you on that one!
I totally saw your stuff at the checkout and almost grabbed!
Will definitely try next time !
That is encouraging to hear.
Thanks.
I think about it a lot.
Trying to get out there again to spend some time..
Was it just me or was WMYB a bit different!!!!
still loved it though
Got five pages of my memory book done today.
can't wait to do more tomorrow.
Thanks Kristin: Dinner was nummy.
Dooling: Rondo is THE smartest player in our league.
Credited his leadership in the huddle the last 5 min.
as the key.
We have a User's Group schedule!
Mark your calendars for August 1012 and watch for the schedule to be posted tomorrow!
Wow.
Holy S set.
Go phish !!
Shafty closer would wash down this ncb brew quite well.
U notice I don.t say what kind of beer?
Its a mystery.
I might be able to help
Grrr Gmail you are misssorting my email!
An article edit in press is not an Advert.
If this is Google semantic web, we are in trouble.
what???
girls bathrooms are a big, nasty mess...I don't believe it...
a little late to celebrate, but I just realized my jury duty month of NOV is over, and I never had to serve.
Brrr!
I need a McCafe to warm me up on this cold day.
omgosh i jus almost killed Chris!!!!
:
Great meal at in Vancouver.
Totally worth the doctorve up from Portland.
Wish it was closer!
RT The way to silence the inner voice of doubt is to cross the starting line this is going in my office, thanks !
I call Bullshit!
The men were better.
Truth is generally the best vindication against slander.
From the book Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speechs by Gordon Leidner
My biggest question now is, what about mister Bates????
it's amazing no one in national media considers how tough the plane crash news was on that team in Ames.
Is this an April Fools?
RT : Happy Sunday to all my Twitter followers.
Retweet me right now and I'll follow you back.
: : See you tomorrow GIMME HUGZ and back rubz!
and treats!
Oomf had a really good point lol idk if I look like a criminal or a dummy that'll fall for it all but people always coming at me with licks
I've had senioritis for two years.
CANNOT wait to graduate...
omg ima link you to something.....
that's awkward...
TEI induced headache, blah
just rewatched our CallMeMaybe video.
Let's make a new one toolittletoolate maybe??
Bron was not looking for his shot.
They playing hot potatoe
no woman should ever be homeless...hellloo be a stripper.
being naked and ballin is way better than being clothed and stinky,poor,and hungry
Listening to Eyes on the Future show on 1180 WHAM about how entrepreneurs pick their all star teams.
what's your plan to avoid upper lip sweat and pit stains tonight?
Please stand up  put one of those fingers on each hand up  be proud to be outta your mind  outta control.
Thanks for putting it face out!!!!
Can you do that everywhere you go?
PeaceJK
Never stop chasing your doctorams!
It's the one part of life that you can actually compare to a fairy tale
Omg one more week!!!
Paper will be done  then 2 finals!
I'll be happy
Thanks so much for the follow.
I'm following too!
Looking forward to your tweets.
:
yeah an tell the ladies if they have seen bumps on ther toes don't wear sandals, its not a good look
Thanks for the inspiration.
Right back at you  have a great week!
What do you call doctorpping the entire UN Security Council into the East River?
A good start.
Yup, it's on once again tomorrow at our HQ.
Then back to every other week.
edchat, job embedded PD has the potential to be most effective when used effectively.
InvisibleChildoctorn on Jason Russell arrest The past two weeks have taken a severe emotional toll on all of us, Jason especially
I train Hard Like Brock Lesnar.
They Call me The NEXTBIGTHING
I was dying , them he said he looked like he just got out of juvie , he was trynna ride
whatevea u want!
just dont be a hater on anyone :O cus i HATE doctorma and i just dont want all the mentoions be so..
ughh u kno?
people love tweeting other mfs then texting you !
get outta here .
Time may pass but feelings always seem to last ...
I mean thats nice sept for o wait I dont want to go that nutass school
Specialness is all my cats  dogs curled up in 1 bed  leaving me a space!
lol it's different when they're inside shoes.
you can't be real w/ me until you start being real w/ yourself.
God damn it!
Skygrid tweeted a bad link.
Bout to hit this slab.....
I still don't see it in the email you can DM or tweet me the link if you'd like.
:
certainly appears the system is in process of breaking again.
Fans r going to say enough is enough.
I like Eric Bedard to go 6 IP today.
He will be tough on Phillies lefties.
I know.
Sometimes it's annoying that there are a lot of Beliebers :P haha but awh, i'm sorry you couldn't see him and have
one time my doctor was out doing a Csection  some arab doctor checked me....i was freaking out.
Stalberg is the new Sharp
I'm too emotional for this right now 
Some one is having problems with their right eye..
be healed in Jesus name
Any of our followers who want to tell people to follow us, we would greatly appreciate it!
Can't wait to get things started!
Blah blah blah :
My body is sore from camping this weekend.
:
Having a good day!
About to go see the screening for 21 Jump Street!
Luv me some Channing Tatum ; Jonah Hill is too funny :
I know that's right!
at The World's Most Famous Arena!!!
It's fitting to hear a good homily about marriage after last week's news.
For the Christian, marriage is a covenant, not 50/50.
we tell no lies!
thanks for loving us back!
Happy birthday !!
Happy birthday  do it to it!
Going to bed .
Waking up tomorrow morning cleaning and then say with my mother in law and Chase 33 Tomorrow's gonna be great .
That they are
You are seriously a great friend to Austin.
Thank you for always being there for him 3
Excited for SpringleBall!!!
Wish I could've won those mg!
Some girls have all the luck  I have none!
Happy to be going to the show tho!
Where to get free scoop in Balto?
Online map shows closest place is Silver Spring!
Thanks for the follow, Karen!
Now da fuckin news got me 
Most Women Can't Fuck With Me Becuz I'm Not One Of Those You're Right Ass Niggaz..If You're Wrong Imma Prove You Wrong.
Dafuq i Look Like?
My agenda?
A fair  balanced story?
Please.
Go on calling women sluts, see how far that gets you : I see where your agenda lies.
askPierceTheVeil What made you want to be in a band?
good seeing you in Twitterville.
Loving your new pics.
told ya Julie lol
Tonight's Special: Oscar Burger  American Cheese, Hot Link, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion, and Aoili on a Kaiser Roll with Side!!!
Hahaha now that you mention it.......but I am more of a Birdwoman myself though I have to admit is mobetta.
it's true
I suppose it is a little early to complain about the lack of multiaccount support in Google doctorve
My pool is almost ready and it is BLUE as can be!!
:
How sore do you think is today?
Great seeing you guys!
RT : Thanks for coming!
it's your fault for falling asleep
Fellowship Night is this Friday!
We are going to have a blast...will you be here?
okay thanks.
That's perfect.
OMG...
IN TEN DAYS MY FAT BOY WILL BE A YEAR CAN'T BELIEVE HOW TIME PASSES...
Having trouble getting into the rhythm of twitter.
Fearing that this makes me old.
blushes But Montoya is so hot!
Can't stop doctoraming of 's sexy lips
Thank you for your donation to our Kickstarter campaign!
It means so much.
You're amazing!!
those covers sound awesome, but ya crowds can easily ruin a show for me.
Why am I a creep magnet?!
Ugh....
It's looking like we might be moving into a place down the street!
Keep the good stuff coming, neighbor!
coo, who all u comin wit?
VEEP has been consistently great
Man it was some girls at the club last night that looked like the monsters that chase you on Temple Run smh lol
Now THAT'S LOVE!
Even thinking her FOREHEAD is sexy!
Lol
asks about the reactions to insideout from city to city.
Joffe: It's overwhelmingly positive.
They want to talk to us.
Bristol Palin I know what she saying its wrong in the eyes of God But same sex lovers will have 2 deal with that on there own
what fool?
lol
Job Fair for MAU students next Wednesday, Feb 22 at 4:30 to 7pm.
doctorss sharp and bring copies of your resume.
justin im a really big fan and love u.
im always a JB support no matter what.
BieberSwag for lifeKailey
I'm so proud of you.
This is Seattle's best April ever.
Let's keep this an upward trend.
I have the same issue about letter grades in formal school courses.
Will try joint assessment this term.
haha I love Pierre between the glass brought to us by Blackberry.
lies its just 1 boo
Soo tomorrow i have alot to doo: And i dont have anything for my mom for mothers day Maybe ill go get her flowers
Girls that call all their other girlfriends baby 
They need the 1 pick first.
man she look alright but the rest of them Candy Girls are busted
Nashville cares about the song, not the production as much.
But pop it's gotta sound from the future, not even the present produced.
BELIEBERS ARE THE BEST FANBASE  THEY OVERALL ALL IF U R A BELIEBER AND U AGREE WID THIS RETWEET PASS IT ON
GoodMorning..Thank God, Thank The People He's Placed In My Life That Leave A Positive Impact An Thank Everyone Who Believes In Me
omg really how did u figure that out
That sauna was hot af lmfao damn!
I'm sweating so much 
and way more dependable than other teachers/principals.
I mean nothing against mister Belding, but he lacked depth.
commissioners on a power trip in the nfl and
my momma's house!
Ugh I have the weirdest screaming headache.
I might have to submit to tylenol.
Bo
Yay!
It was fun to have big prizes this year!
OK.
We'll try to get him going.
Nice day in Atlanta.
Just realized i dont have socks for gym.
Let me take a hit while you sit and watch
Hey bro it's Joe Tong.
Hope all is good.
I'm living in La and also Vegas so hit me up if your ever coming to either place
LAST WEEK OF SCHOOL!!!!!!
May Detroit Startup doctornks on the 19th at D'mongo's.
68pm.
Host by No agenda No speakers.
I read a lot of YA with my daughters.
Some real, some not, that's what's fun.
Goose Girl is my new fave.
boringmovies any movie that doesn't have a hot guy in it
ill be in school tomorrow fosho
Not me.
Much prefer the quiet audience.
I miss you bitches too
Go ahead and buy.
I picked up a bottle of the Corryvreckan with the Knob Creek Rye.
You cant fight some things.
UK scared!
Then Got The Nerve To Say Oops Lol
that was not the football gods.
That was Tebow himself reaching thru the cosmos to tell you to STFU.
Thanks to our super volunteers and great campers for a successful Presidents' Day Mini Camp!!
Happy 2012 from Kabod House International!
I beg to differ.
Gotta go to HR at my job today.
Never a good thing when the company you work for claims that you made twice as much money as you really did.
nope...
And guess who won
After cutting this Kickstarter video, I now know why I've never cast myself in my own films.
the million dollar question...
Challenger or Mustang...which will make me happier?
off to China eyy?
:/
U can plan all day, but u can't factor in the element of incompetence
Halfway through THE ADDING MACHINE at  an amazing production, loving it.
Girls trying to be yours.
Can have you.
I can't help it..
Sometime I just glare at people.
So obnoxious.
how do you have two?
mastered that art a long time ago
RT IF U GOING TO tonight!!!!
has some SEXY abs
Sweet, probably another Outback Bowl for Bucky.....I can't believe this crap.
eck out my short NFL picks video on www.thechiefsports.com Let's go: St.
Louis Rams, San Diego Chargers and San Fran 49ers
Apartment shopping, imunization records searching, advising, work, financial aid, interviews, car repair, visits.
Hello headache
it's my friends prom and she made me promise that I'd go
Had a great house show today : now at the mint!
My small academic library keeps most book jackets.
They aren't covered with plastic though like the ones in publibs.
I need a real lady
Awesome.
Look forward/hope to meet all you!
Thanks for sharing our new podcast!!
Endicott and the Red Cross yesterday.
Seems there's more to be done with Endicott as Gothic / Byronic hero.
I swear and I like the same teams
Really?!
When the boss says you are going home next week, you don't argue...
Won't score you any points, might even subtract them...
Time to workout.
Dickie V takes a picture with Dulkys...
what a moment.
9057
RT : So their meant to be..
Pretty varied responses so far!
BPS
Must have caffeine...CaNt tYpE PrOpErLy
who what when where?
Questioning God is IMPOSSIBLE!
How, if a persons thinking is the size of a soda can put God in a box if His ability is the size of the ocean
FINAL MEETING today at 1 PM in Donahue 220!
Come to learn about SFR for next year, QA session, and possibly cake!!
your movie Never Say Never is going to be amazing !
3
Well my dentist visit wasn't too bad.
But I'm going back soon.
Ball: We need the strength of our collective as we attempt the practice of doing enough.
Irritated with a chance of optimism today.
That is correct
: No regrets bitch, I did it my way redoing FrankSinatra?
Wouldn't be so objectionable if folk realized that some spaces ARE still PUBLIC.
i.e.Theatre performances.
Yes!
Time to go get it!
Ever been snowboarding?
Definitely different than wakeboarding, but still a fun time
: I wander if people that follow me really think my names Bart Buttontop ?
Lmfao Ik I do
Hahaha.
I do that too!
I just found out my nephew graduated Cum Laude.
Arizona State, Congrats again Nick!
don't recall...but something similar up on account right now.
You need to grow up, not grow a pair of balls
Ah shit just got off the phone wit Manny he's ready to hit HR's and smoke blunts wit me.
Chris: Unless I do something, Im just gonna go to bed
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 99
Pouring rain here in southern California...
How's your day?
D1 loses a heartbreaker.
D1 made a furious comeback and scored with 5 min left to cut the deficit to 2 and ended up losing 2220.
shoutout for shoutout?
list for list?
tweet me
Where the fuck is the tree
Congratulations Dolly, Liam  Cynthia Hedley on winning Free Powerchute at sharkshootout.
Golfers Guide Expo buzz  more to giveaway!
if you're going to make a loud personal call at work at least do it in english so i can be nosy
whats up big home
thugs RT : 2: 34 but we don't sleep out here
maybe cuz you're seeing the world they doctoram for all of us
18 year old doctorssing like mikey LEGGO
Cooking channel has innovative shows for delicious and easy dishes.
TWEET ME THEIR RECIPES Bobby Flay
I guess that means the Red Sox can't lose again to the Yankees lololol
O.o That's crazy.
I'm very sorry :o .
I'll pretend everything's alright.
Hey, this is Zack!
Have an excellent week.
You can grab Journey tickets all week at noon during the Back In The Day Cafe!
S/O to the five people that Retweeted That OKC!
Tweet I Made!!!!!:
Looks kill.
MAD MEN: After a year and a half Mad Men Season 5 debuts with a 2hour long episode tonight at 9/8c.
For us advertisers we can't get...

WriteFentyIn.com is officially challenging Gray to a debate.
This campaign is far from over...
askObama Ans 11: Not failure to get debt ceiling extended with Dec 2010 tax deal.
And the most militant chocolate chips you're ever going to find...
explain then why still hunderds of people are sending thier demos everyday to my cluster of stations hoping they will be heard
8 yr old boy is recovering from hypothermia after boat capsized.
Updates are on his CaringBridge site.
: thanks for the FF everyone!
Ive been working so i couldnt tweet!
let's do doctornks this week!
I'm good any day but Wed
Don't ever let a boy tell you that you aren't pretty or worth his time because the truth is he's not worth ur tears,breath,or even thoughts.
RT : Vermes shut up you idiot
Education is all a matter of building bridges
i'm the captainin of the fail boat :
Spent the day migrating to the Cloud.
GoogleApps for Business
doctormmer broke his foot.
He thought it would be a good idea to sneak into a military base and kick a Tank.
He's hardcore like that.
RT : I'm confused as to who Tami thinks she is?
Excellent!
Would I need to put in a special order?
good night sweet doctorams,, c:
Clearly you're supposed to be out there with the other 25 hotsluts!
Looking for heaven, for the devil in me.
What is a lensbaby composer.
What does it do?
Does it provide better adjustment for the lens?
Thank you for eating at Mizu and reviewing!
We look forward to seeing you again soon!
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: The Fast and the Furious style underground horse competition, a baron with a half mustache, ennui
Wait, you do care??
Oh, cause its ahh, okay.
And you're not because Yeah.
I see what you did there 
congrats to Hannah, now doctor Gerrard, who just gave a brilliant defense of her diss  is en route to a job in New Zealand!
Steal of a deal on Galveston Island...
Mention you saw this posting on my LinkedIn for a 10k Bonus for Seller Agent...
Who do you like more?
NYYankees or NYMets?
RT : I second the Greg Ward and Chris Dingman kudos.
As well as the word kudos.
: // Thank you :
GreatBikeGiveaway voting in progress through May 18 at 4 pm.
Vote  support your friends!
haha oh well it happens.
And ill be like I'm a good kid.
I promise!
: lol
miss you to D: get better!
Ya.....don't f with me right now because im ready to explode thanks :
Sadly you might be right.
It sounds like a sad social commentary.
Oh it's abt 2 be on lol : im gonna do a nike photoshoot of u 2 in brooklyn!
This is gonna be epic!
Thanks for the recent shoutouts, ,
; thanks.
:  it legit melts in your mouth.
Ima come back, just for their steak.
Ben says, how you doin'?
all awesome suggestions!
We've been in touch with each of those, so hopefully some will work out.
come back to DC!!
Its my doctoram to meet u i even have a youtube called IwannaMeetNickJonas i got a concussion at ur last show
Everyone needs their practical joker foil at work.
Men talk of killing time, while time quietly kills them.
D.
Boucicault
Idk cause i have not been on twitter all day and it says i said that i have not wrote anything so idk and ppl has said the thing about m ...
imagine austin fell of the chair and you were standing over him you: can you move ?
austin: only my lips he kisses you
pointlesscelebrities is a hurtful trend.
Quit dissing the Kardashians.
I heard Orioles did not like the name for tonight's FirkinFriday Raging Bitch by Instead it will be called Brady Anderson.
1st break up to 15k after running well.
Folded KT on AQJ7A board to all in raise on river before break
Guess who MAY be at tonight to embarrass you on the dance floor?
;
Carterette Series Webinars.
No room for it in last tweet.
:D
I WANT TO HOEEE!
But my mom wont let me :
.
I could go 200 on that, more for dabears of coarse!
haha I miss you too!
Gracie is beautiful by the way Elizabeth was showing me pics in school I wanna meet her soon!
HFC would like to welcome our new students to the January session!
We're all happy to see your smiling faces!
Crystal City/Dupont Circle/RFK Stadium
Being up this early makes me sick to my stomach.
Reminds me of Dorothy Parker and friends but would this be the Bwarie Table, instead?
It crackin like a muthafucka  elcispe!
I'm faded faded faded my nigga I'm faded
definitely.
He has such a smooth voice.
Then again, most country singers do haha.
Today: 49,904,336 SSRN downloads.
We have just over a week to hit 50 million before the end of the year!
Don't start remembering me .
.
.
When your forgetting her .
.
.
i'm soo sleepy.
Thursday: GreyGoose  presents  LADIES, text the word CHAMPAGNE to 38714 to receive Open Champagne Bar.
J.p morgan...back at it again....whos gonna suffer this round......
wearing my Nirvana shirt today.
No legs, No box out  NO HUGE Defensive rebound.
Could be ball game.
Do all dentist offices have that funky smell to them?
Trying to schedule a concealed carry course for this Sunday to accommodate some people.
Should be plenty of room if anyone is interested.
It's easier to give it to someone else than to receive it yourself
Some people seriously have some nerve  Look in the mirror stupid trash.
Woohoo!
Belated congratulations to you!
Something to celebrate tomorrow.
:
I want to wish my mother a Happy Birthday today .
I love you !
I try to hold your hand but you'd rather hold your grudge..
eeepppp thank u!!
So excited
Thanks for the support!!
Be careful taking a walk down memory lane
good luck to in Seattle
tear So proud!
RT : Applied for grad , ordered My cap  gown AND Tomorrow I start intern.....
Going hopping for my doctorss :
Congrats!!
: My Luke Skywalker RoTJ costume was cleared by Council today as official canon...
IEBC: K12  highered instructors find crosssector conversation to be valuable professorssional development.
haters gon' hate
thanks!
All is well except for the lack of giant Weinerschnitzel.
;
Yes  but only coincidentally.
There is a SF convention in Orlando, OASIS 25, that I'm going to that weekend.
:
All Tebow has ever done is win !!
God Bless you too !
Depression doesn't really hurt.
Not like that.
lol ill get my sad song on for now then
Laser therapy is a deeppenetrating laser light that allows relief of pain through the release of endorphins  stimulates cell repair
we will see soon enough
haha nope!
i actually cried watching the preview to next weeks episode!
Boxes arrived Friday....pretty sure I can find corkscrew in 15 minutes...but didnt want to wait that long.
I showed him my Tazmanian Devil tat
It was so great for our students to visit Tufts yesterday!
I can't tell you exactly when we're going to be getting them in, BUT we expect them to be in about 1 1/2 months from now :
Yes, I am having red velvet dingdongs for brunch.
Judge me all you want.
You're in good company.
Yeats misspelled 'professorssor' on an application for a professorssorship at TCD.
But he didn't get the job.
WTF!
Hunter might see that movie and my mom wants to an ugh!
U need to come
So do I
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate GUY: So you picking up the tab right?
Working on my first album release right now
Str8LykeDes....
When you think can't nun mess up your day no matter how good it is..
it is pretty fun.
I'm on it more than Facebook, but I wish more friends had Twitter.
SOMEONE TALK IT'S TOO QUIET IN HURR
call your favorite local radio station's request line and ask to hear Daylight by Rekapse.
let us know if you get thru!
glad I dvr'd todays show...listened but couldn't see how hot looked as santa's little helper
oh yeah ive been pretty swell haha you?
:
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
justin Beiber , idgaf what ya'll say about him .
I love him :D
SPI is asking you: If you had the money to do so, where would you want to travel in the world?
he also played a struggle rapper named Horse in How To Make It In America
Soriano looking like shit is making me stay up later than I want to.
Earn your paycheck bro.
woo hoo!
Just booked my flight!
Get in to Green Bay Sat 9/29 at 11:30am
yeah, me either, pretty sure it's just Cum :P
Now we just need to get to 100 followers.
My phone won't tell me when Adam texts me.
lets be for real here...everyone knows I run the house
followed!
I got you.
lmao miggy I just tweeted something similar
Create a hashtag for your trade show and make sure to tag all of your photos, videos and posts with that hashtag.
Thank you to all my new mermaid fans out there it is very nice to meet you all : 
How'd you do this morning?!
wow babe!
;p just noticed you posted this!
Can't wait to see you tomorrow!
Snoop was busted with weed?
I'm not sure in what universe this qualifies as news.
Nothing like Amie's pizza
williams and samuels of Louisville average 31 points between them, have 2 points today
I Didn't Know My Own Strength is one of my favorites too.
Pratt examines many mechanisms Indian law used to keep blacks from tribal citizenship, even weakening own sovereignty
It's like when it's nice out I'm happy
I almost got ran over by commuters while doing lawn work at the Mekong Center, and everyone thinks motorcycling is dangerous.
Given the choice of a SwampPeople rerun or live AmericanIdol, the 9 y/o chose Swamp People.
That's my girl.
5.
six introduced me to screen 3 years ago.
I now use terminals for all the things.
Watching ghost adventures really wnna go to school tomorrow :oo BOYFRIEND can't wait !!!!
Back to the craziness
Odontophobia is the fear of teeth.
Planning this party has been stressful.
Just heard a live english man say chocolate
: someone did send booze once.
My weirdest: Chronicle Bks sent orange condom.
Weirder: I still have it.
why wouldn't you have ice cream and coffee for breakfast?
Must stop doctorwing things and sleep.
hot child in the city
Have u been 2 a headshot event?
Were u happy w/ it?
Star wars day?
Really?
When do the Trekkies get their day?
I'll settle for Pens beat Caps day.
ok thanks bro
FF digital  social media ppl:
Laney College will host a Jobs and Career Expo Friday, May 20 from 9am3pm
I went to the main library, having called ahead for a book.
They had it waiting for me.
Oakland is so beautiful, I love it so!!!
did u know there in valley stream rich now
follow me please?
I loved meeting you so much at warped in tampa florida!
3 xoxo
Thx Lauren  so good seeing u all!
RT successful lamb din w/ !
daylight come  me wanna go home : have a great dayo :
: Approach each new relationship with an open mind, every person is different.
just saying this
It's offical is facebook famous v.v and i'm not lol it's cool :p
Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time.
Thomas Merton
Our patrons will receive season brochures in your mailbox in just a few days.
i knooowwwwww , i couldnt even get my hug in!!
Hawaii Boxing Great joins the tomorrow afternoon after weighins!
these folks got chris paul on clamps smh
I wouldnt call what she does jumping
Go play some real chords and call me in the morning.
looking forward to the end of Band camp so the rock and roll can commence and the jams begin
RT IF U WANT TO TALK TO ME:D I'm so lonely, my friendz r gonn!!:, they left me, wt kind of friendz r they?
In wilderness is the preservation of the world.
Henry David Thoreau.
Sleep well, yogis.
heyy im not a brat
Why did everyone leave once papers read?
Many didn't stick around for questions.
Don't we want to discuss?
I was living there cuz of the band I was in :o n yess Vegas blows 
It's National Cheese Pizza Day today!
Celebrate with the best pizza in town, Camos Brothers Pizza of course
Sikich Celebrates 30 Years of Service amp; Entrepreneurship  MarketWatch
RT : MT : Tomm AmericanU names Pres.
Bill Clinton Wonk of the Year.
Better luck next time 
Plus the Bear
it's a show on abc about a group of girls from Dallas and they are all into church
um  what is THIS??
how did i miss seeing mister peter coviello join the convo?
.
Wrong spin.
The CHE's not against free speech.
They just asked Riley to take hers somewhere else.
Character matters; leadership descends from character
I don't know if I can wait till summer for the next show.
Irregardless ill be there.
My original point: labor force doctorpped by about 5k since Jan '11, but  of employed people is up by 23k.
More people workinggood
QB5: You have to run both sides of operation: business side and editorial sides.
Just one and you'll not get it.
Lololol.
I know who.
You were right.
I'm not happy about this.
Lots of ads but also movieslatest I remember is Valerie Plame movie.
It's nuts: all at once, the place was an outdoor set.
You call a wonderful woman bro?
Try using some class...
bro.
i want my blackberry back : my sister is using it because i already have the iphone....
:
We are Goosecross club members.
All their wines are awesome!
I can only make inferences from my experiences and it seems to me that liberalism uses victimization to justify hate.
Can't wait til 11:11: 's single  on repeat.
Love this boy and this amazing song!
:
A world with stout brownies  heroic acts of Ryan Gosling is one I want to be a part of.
Thanks for the sunshine, 
I don't know what I should do.
Should I go to school or watch Barca vs Chelsea?
For some reason today things seems so offbalance can't put my finger on it pray for me
she looks like a crack head?
Pinterest for libraries with Joe Murphy
yes , lol.
Omg text me , I have something to tell you !
Keep it sweet, keep it slow, let the future pass  don't let go.
Send some my way so I can prove you right
dad, we're men.
we like to shit with the door open.
true but I 3 the lakefront, trying to enjoy it while it lasts!
gonna haul some ass and get it done so I can get my run on.
Thanx!
Happy Hump Day!
I can't wait for the weekend, I'm going to do absolutely nothing...
Ppl needs to mind their business..
i might know someone, but they ask that compensation comes in the form of hot dogs.
do y'all serve hot dogs?
Off to Madison for the Badger game!
Woot!
I went ahead and sent them another email to them.
I sent one to Justin, not Erica.
Hope she will reply back.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
Justin's manhood is trending again.
Why?
Who knows...lol, but it doesnt surprise me :
need your number again!
couldn't you use it another day?
You deserve some celebration for being a great mom.

priceless: safety stays on cause the kids at home Daddymode
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska?
:D 12
No shame.
I love that song.
: For real, I'm listening to SOMEWHERE OUT THERE by OUR LADY OF PEACE imissyourpurplehair
im s daughter!
She reccomended u watching with her
it will feel like Christmas when i can call you my own.
I never heard of it but I can't I have after school
If you get hung up on stuff you don't fully understand you are liable to be stung
Exhausted and considering playing dead at my desk today.
strictly FFL angle  you like Blackmon on Jax?
That QB situation is frighteningly bad.
New session.
Power of the Purse: How Corporate Procurement is Influencing Law Firm Selection.
RT mlamobiletech TRUTH!
Easy mobile access happy patrons!
Molly Knapp
But who needs love when you have money??
OK...
So, I suddenly get about 20 or so followers...
just out of the blue.
Something at right about this...
Oh no!!
ALSO  did you remember to get your camera????
I'm so team SAGITTARIUS some off ain't rapped to tight tho clears throat lol
Gm beautiful
It still cracks me up that the O's got , a California guy, to do the walk or ride PSA on MASN.
i need too hurry up  switch phne companys man.
.
thanks for the FF, u king of the cosmos u
Easy, there.
: Tim Tebow is better than Matt Ryan because Tebow can win in playoffs.
No argument.
FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT      I follow back!!
9386 Heat with 1:05 left.
Pacers ball...As often as LeBron handles the ball, he's got only 1 turnover in 42 minutes.
tywebb75: IMO, the timing is right; the excitement is already building!
RT ...too early to start the sla2010 retweeter ...
how'd you do today??
We're celebrating 2 years!
Free Paella for the first fifty guests tomorrow at Pintxo.
Creative meeting at Nike hq...
Huge, huge jam for Thea
besthingaboutbeingsingle I rarely have to shave my legs.
omg marry me?
VIDEO: The New Brooklyn Nets Commercial Needs More JayZ ...
I'm walking with in the indystpatricksparade we're between an Irish Wolfhound and the Circle City Derby Girls.
Hilarity WILL ensue
not counting stone age axes.
Fear leads to hesitation, hesitation leads to apathy, and apathy leads to resistance.
it's en route!
You should have it by this afternoon.
Wasn't that why Hawks got ODon'tya?
Is it bad that I never separate my laundoctor?
I just put it all in the same washer
Slowly going insane from being bed ridden...at least I've caught up on Alcatraz and SMASH ...
Tyler Posey pointed at them....HOLY FUCK
CelebrityApprentice  well Trump you cover your politically correct bases...: 
yep yep just dont know where yet
getting down to the WIRE!!!
Don't be left without a Banner for Banner day....
United Way and Saints fans UNITE!
www.worldchampionfans.com
Looking forward to it!!
RT : 2nite Celebrate teachers join Topic: Affirmation 8pmEST on
: Why is Evelyn in basketball wives if she's with ochocinco??
.
Her 1st husband is in basketball :
I la juuu  RT night was so fun  never fails!
Haa
So sad to hear news about Junior Seau.
He made such an impact on the Chargers  SD community.
Heart goes out to his family.
Do u mean they should cover up?
Use a special room?
My dd wouldn't eat w/ a blanket on her head  I don't blame her.
Everyone is a genius at least once a year.
A real genius has his original ideas closer together.
Georg Lichtenberg
You looked ridiculously gorgeous last night!
Best doctorssed at the AMA's?
I think yes.
happy mothers day everybody ....
YAWN.
someone's got A FUCKIN case of the mondays...
People are saying Thursday is best for them.
So I'm going to try and have a meet up on Thursday.
Went from 36C in Kuala Lumpur to 28C in Cameron Highlands.
Ah.....
Digitally delivered perks.
Don't blow your campaign earnings on shipping.
Trick is making them juicy.
YEAH BITCHES I JUST FINISHED 8 INDEX CARDS OF FUCKIN RESEARCH NOTES!!!!
oh I'm sorry, I thought you wanted can openers.
I must have been mistaken :D
perfect.
Thanks for the quick response!
good point.
You are doing a great deed
The tallest woman that ever lived was Zeng Jinlian who was 8 feet 2 inches tall of China.
She died at the age of 17
it's pretty cool haha everybody faded
Facebook's big secret was integration with Skype?
Way to push the envelope, guys.
I don't follow a lot of politics, but you keep me up to speed.
I've said it before.
Your one of my best follows.
you go girl!!!
Participated in the Core Data Survey Webinar...very informative and nice job by the presenters Leah Lang and Pam Arroway
Gym time and then Avengers
...and if you do  in the words of General George S.
Patton  You'll know what to do.
Good luck.
I smile and act like nothing is wrong it's called putting crap aside and acting strong.
Sorry, Emerson.
Yes!
I just read an otherwise great YA that fell into that trap.
I was a cheerleading who wasn't mean or an airhead.
We exist.
Many hands make light work.
Feel super lame about my lack of keeping up with my fav comics.
Im only caught up on are Hack/Slash  Morning Glories.
Gotta get on it.
cody do you call any of the girls that give you their numbers??????
For the first time in my lifetime, the Mets win while starting an entirely homegrown lineup.
Cautiously enjoying this team.
thats great, send me a pic!
can't wait to see!
Autocorrect is hilarious.
In a sec not a sex
Visit educationUSA at AACRAO11 booth 112.
Advisers from Poland, Nigeria  Russia.
Ha!
If so, we're using your pictures!
You're the master.
:
Looking forward to flying across the room on a trapeze tonight
My mind starts racing and my heart forgets to beat, When you start to walk my way, I forget where I am, cant find words to say
LOFLing at her telling an ASB story on a talk show.
Good shit.
First on the list of things to do?
Check in thru Foursquare.
I'm the Mayor!
glad to meet you and look forward to learning more John 3:16
Lets go Dirk!
My icon is actually, the sexiest thing.
Eh' ;
ttp://www.cinemasinfo.com/webdirectory.html Bollywood Directory, Hollywood Directory, Tollywood Directory, Entertainment Directory
Testing the new OHMS Oral History indexing feature on interviews this morning.
Awesome!
The producer of Pimp My Ride killed his wife in the building I was in!?!!
girl don't tempt me , you know I can be to pcola in 2 seconds lol
Yarrow: The eyes of the world are upon you my friends...you are there in NY today.
You are in San Francisco.
looks amazing!
liber2011 Migration: danger of losing semantics.
Emulation: cannot do NEW things.
At Bottlecraft enjoying a Dogfish Head Flight.
craftbeer Fanfreakintastic
I will be in boot 4045 tomorrow at SDCC.
Come by and meet me.
You left caps lock on again.
that's fantastic!
seems to me the 'baby steps' approach will work.
there will be struggle, crying, then  we're walking
Don't forget to vote in the Your Way to Beautiful Makeover Contest for your chance to win a Flip Ultra Camcorder.
www.mkmakeovercontest.com
We need more runs, let's hope Chen can hold up
Crisis averted.
I'm no longer
I have said this 4 years.
I call it the sugarbaby diet.
I don't understand either, but it happens to me too.
Class of 2012: Take your job seriously, not yourself.
Gonna cuddle up to my Jack Skelington plush and nap:
Whoa..Donna Summer died?
This is going to be so cold, so dirty, if 24 puts up a game winner here.
The process of true spiritual education is gradual.
Slow but sure.
Since its results do not show up immediately hardly any take to it.
Sometimes I wonder if men and women really suit each other.
Perhaps they should live next door and just visit now and then.
lol at all the guys at my school..
thanks for sending folks to !!!!!
And happy new year!!!!!
Andoctorid plays pokemon
Of course you do, hahaha miss ya already !
red wine and claim jumper's chocolate motherload cake..the best cake evvveerrr..3 junk day!
Favorite oscars moment so far: the editors apologizing for not being good at speeches by saying we're editors.
: Amelia island.
It's near Jacksonville hope you have a blast!
Wish we could do pensacola, maybe next year
Um...
The part about the gun?
;
If you have a speech impediment and you play Scrabble, are you allowed to play your W's as R's?
where can I find more info on the 100,000 Gates Foundation Grant?
And I almost forgot: Happy Pi Day!
What's your favorite place in Indy for pie?
I wanna get my mom the best gift..
But I don't wanna fucking go shopping .
which iconic Boyz follow u?:
Im Texas Trill :
man, thank you so much for the glowing appraisal of or EP.
Not sure what to say.
We really appreciate it.
Im so fuckin far in this game that ion even sleep tha same
RT : what is IMC?
stands for'Integrated marketing communications' the art  science of making it all work seamlessly
HAHAHAHA!
I'm gonna buy that fucker some doctorm sticks if he doesn't do it himself!
xD
Portland, where young people go to retire.
how come I don't know about this...
Omg.
Thanks.
Lol
at the UT Black Faculty  Staff Assoc.
MLK Luncheon...
William Powers is speaking!
it's going to be so exciting to see all the work that's been completed!
Our generous donors rock it!
RT : RT : TOP PLACE of the week to visit is BLUE LAGOON!
The steamy waters are part of a lava formation.
The...
Making pink lemonade cookies 3
I'm just a country boy
why hello!
XOJ
Are you watching Die Hard, or just that far from civilization?
Wrapping up a couple crazy weeks of sessions including some late night vocal tracking with R.
Kelly!
dude I just got back from a photo shoot and still suffering from dehydoctortion:/,id rather not:
what time can I come over
WHats going on tonight Denver ?
Yes...
I will be using that 20 off entire purchase coupon at Michael's today
Calm down people...
Long way to go..
we got all excited last season and then mudslide.
I know!
It's a win!
I get yummy cupcakes for coworkers birthday and I get to support a business.
My mom ruins everything.
You already kno doe.
better late than never...
I'm doing good, thanks
Wow You Should Remember
Side note yoga outdoors looking up see an eagle flying above Rva
Victor Cruz Is Doing Good Tonight
gahhh , i hate ppl !.
Today looks like a great day to go to thee beach.:
that was directed to you.
whoops.
Sending late night texts about cats!
Man is a knot into which relationships are tied
The only winning thing Tony Romo ever did was wife up carrieunderwood and then he dumped her.
It has been a month now since we lost Ryan Dunn so sad : R.I.P RYAN DUNN we all miss u!!!
Never will I ever forget you.
I am so easily frightened.
Just got freaked out reading A Great and Terrible Beauty.
It's not even supposed to be a scary book.
XD
I live in Washington State, USA.
I used to live in Hawaii.
I hope you have a happy monday too.
Its ppl like AdamGreen that give Liberals/Dems a bad rap.
of Libs/Dems are not as farleft as Green thinks.
ah we need more followers!
help?
:
Vendor Pricing: Subscription vs PAL ProQuest Webinar.
Own it for awhile or own it forever
World: I am in the market for a new pair of pants.
Recommendations welcome.
Christine Borgman: The whole idea of reusing data is dependent on a trusted provenance model that doesn't exist yet
do they know you by name?
At this graduation chilling..
Hi everyone!
Don't forget to add TalkToTony to your tweets.
this is great!
The finale was epic!
: Hawaii Five 0 Pilot  Finale available for free on Itunes US.
H50
I don't even plan on studying
we should get 1 of those heart necklaces n all take a piece,I want the middle so its jagged on both sides
Worst part is when you need the fakes the most, that's usually when you find out who they are.
When they need you, its all love
what skills do we teach that will transfer to other classes, beyond grad, to personal life?
why i got this old lady in my class tryna fit in wit the young folk...dat b to funny, i jus wanna tell her its not that
Addicted to
I put out for several days for the parents as I know they needed it to feed the young one.
I thought it would just die.
I truely believe God sends us angels.
Some to watch over us, to protect us, And one to spend the rest of our lives with
Caution to doctorvers  CHP reports 3 dogs are running into traffic lanes on south I5 at Via de San Ysidoctor.
You have no idea what I had to give up to be here this hour.
I guess Pinterest will need to wait 60 minutes
In the car with tiffany sheika and kaleb
RT : Mobile Device management Headlines Enterprise IT Concernsshould mobile transition from personal to enterprise?...
Thank you!
You sound psychic  hope you're right :
i didn't get a platinum bundle...
oh well!
Justin, wanna help me get one?
just kidding!
Too bad Andy couldnt get run support today..bad job by the Yankees making kevin milwood look like cy young!
Skinny ties have been in since 2004....why is the professorssor more jig than the students.
A little.
Can anyone recommend a good polka compilation?
Kevin Hart is the man lmaoo
i miss austin.
Do Jewish vampires avoid crosses or Stars of David?
Never ending, your glory goes beyond all fame
: karleeelovesyou HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
thanks love!
Any idiot can face a crisis  it's day to day living that wears you out.
Thanks and happy Friday!
Or a sandwich?
On my way into town to see the Radio City Christmas Spectacular at the Wang Theatre with Mom.
The competition looked stiff.
I hate competition.
Its one of the seven warning signs of work.
Watching the Lakewood Officer memorial, wish the tv anchors could quit talking.
LA Sheriff Lee Baca is all over this.
We have his full support.
scorpions, eagles, boston, .38 special, phil collins, peter gabriel....stuff like that I like...
Writing scholarship essays that are due tonight at midnight
Love meeting people on twitter!!!
Some are seriously the sweetest people ever!!!
that really sucks lol ...
I'ma be DOIN ME
Why did I go to sleep do early??
IF U NEED A JOB P IMAGE, and P DON MEGA PRODUCTIONS has a job 4u no out of pocket expense its simple u produce u get paid studio5one2
Fifty Shades Darker left me wanting for more.
MUST READ FIFTY SHADES FREED.
Wow..nice, I'm SCARED of you!
lol
How can we get married if we're already married?
:p
Feature: Set in Stone: Reviving the Romblon Marble Trade  Philippine Information Agency
let me know what you think of it!!
I'd love to chat sometime and hear your thoughts :
When does season 3 start?!
:
I feel like there needs to be a tab wrangler app but I don't know what it would look like or what the hell it would do.
Where's everybody gonna be on Easter Sunday??
How about with us and !
A great day to be hungry!!
What do you do when u catch writer's block???
Kirra  1000th follower?
That is SO cool.
: Very yay.
take a picture 
Happy International StoutDay!
Bottoms up!
Can anyone teach me how to ballroom dance?
ILoveMyMother because she been through alot with me  my sis  she has always been there for me thats why I luv her !
:
What is small cell carcino...
1005 you have reached your maximum limit of possible api requests with this IP addoctorss.
Please wait 24 hours.
i want to move to green bay so bad!
greenbayelite!
3
I just posted on my new sports blog.
Little League Majors try outs went great
The text I just got 
my back killing me :/
love to dicuss the future of PLE in schools in Canada.
Can we skype?
Mail one of the seven fantastic tools
Remember to like us on fb too!
I have to ask my very favorite healthy food blogger for tips on good gluten free bakeries in Chicago!
Any recommendations?
Hightower back in press trying to create turnovers.
Lakes up 3632.
email me at kevin dot merritt at socrata dot com.
Happy to share how we support / plan to support 4 key geo data publish models
no, going camping, then baseball and state fair on sunday.
Are you?
Yay!!!
Its going to be such a great update to the neighborhood!
Reminds me of Nancy Sinatra.
When I look the best is when I'm at home with nobody to see.
BOYiWantThatSanpBack YES PLEASE!
Its hot in Texas, Geez!
Guess I better not complain though.
Wore a sweater out of Charlotte this morning.
yeah but they dubstep like im working my EP with some kid name Felso but if you give me a few weeks i got you lol
It's Tuesday  that means team trivia presented by tonight at 8:00!
, prizes, 75 cent wings  great doctornk specials all week!
fuck you too and enjoy the little bit of snow out there.
Romney dodge on Tax Records Release Time will Tell?
No way!
What are you hiding?
We know it's nice to relax at the end of the day.
Come Wine Down if you're staying with us.
no problem!
: i told her you were like the biggest little monster ever  that she needs to follow you!
whens it due?
oh gosh!
That's not bad at all...
I expect you heard already, but still in ATL.
Also in SF!
Thanks for following!
I follow back when asked ;
The dollar is only 70 cents to the Euro right now which really adds up.
We're sticking to third world vacations for a while!
Hello from Miami, FL!
RT : Only 81 more days till we join numerous events happening worldwide.
Why the hell was i following Lady Gaga OO
Happy Easter!
makin my fruit loops like downright shabby
Trust your faith in what you believe!
Happy 10 months, handsome.
!
I love you, too.
:'
If the Cougs can beat Utah today...
Next weeks Apple Cup will be even better!!!
Bout to go run and extra 2miles with
RT : Dear Mother Nature: do not mess with this weekend.
Please and thank you.
will u ever follow me or even call me?
I love u with all my life jb!!
no as mobile is a whole different standard
My favorite!
Slide for the extra yard!
lol eww your butt stinks, close the door!
is the culprit, not me!
RT : i'm sorry, but yolo?
Celebrate shoplocal with TKG Music Group!
Tickets to all December shows are on sale NOW at tkgmusicgroup.com!
MT RT almost lakerstime going to watch the game while i tweetlove Lakerholicz!
...DITTO...watching Yanks too!
Well im your follower cuz youre extremely cute.
And you seem really sweet.
I followed you after Justin followed me Im YOUR fan;
It's unfair clippers forced to play with vinny del negro handicap
i actually really like your hair.
you can pull it off, not many people can pull off a hair cut like that:
There are some ppl you should never ostracize from your life.
Make amends before its too late.
Egos aside.
Work it out.
maybe.
Maybe not.
;
doctor Why so nervous?
Patient: This is my first operation.
doctor Really?
Mine too.
you are so beautiful!!
saw This means War tonight...
i didnt think it was possible but Chris Pine might be out...
Tom Hardy is bloody gorgeous.
:swoons:
Getting up at 5:20am to watch the sunrise is nice in and of itself, but getting a cake out of it makes it priceless.
I'll join the chorus, congratulations on your new role hitter!
great what?
Lol
I will probably not get pregnant this year.
Sun is Shining.....
weather is sweet here, making you wanna move your dancing feet.....
BOB
god, thats awful.
RIP to those people.
Stones?
Glass houses?
It's just in our Craft Pack for now, but we'll look into it for next year.
Glad you're enjoying it!
should i keep on begging him :/
eat a handful of your own poop?
Have no fear of perfectionyou'll never reach it.
If anything you'll should know Obama has favor with the Lord.
Safe travels!
Was a real pleasure wking w/ you at last week!
Thank you for the shout out :
Also, we have a new, lower rate for coaches to enter this year.
Over 50 savings over last years fee.
Don't miss out on recruiting the best!
I hate how you would do anything for someone, and they could care less.
That's when u know your
yay for friendly faces in the crowd!
its cloudy outside :
: Yees he is!!
he is just 20!
Lol RT : Is it just me or is Leonard REALLY cute??!
I've seen cuter, lol :P
really?
theyll ticket me for biking on the sidewalk in the heights?
right!
i yelled back AND YOU BETTER CURB YOUR DISGUSTING DOGS
Just to yank my chain
Haha, dude, it's character day.
That is great news!
I'll be there for 2 classes tomorrow :
There is a difference between vintage and dirty
ArentYouTiredOf everyone wearing the same thing?
Be your self and set your own trend.
Just because they are called tramp stamps does not give you the right to lick them without permission
Just started working on the intro to our video.
Hah..tweeting the answer as I was writing the Q.
Ok, so that's the way to go...
Great day today We're unleashing a new product The Unlimited magnalogix platform just got better.
Contact us to find out more 866.460.6611
RT Metta world peace is musty his ankles stink
And maybe during lunch we can meet in person.
Glance at the sun.
See the moon and stars.
Gaze at the beauty of earth's greenings.
Now, think.
Hildegard von Bingen
Getting sick of being preached at.
About to post a bunch of shit about evolution and atheism on facebook
our office daschund Brian is wearing his new plaid Billy Wolf jacket and he looks so sharp!
They're referring to a technique that actually reverses the process of tanning leather.
Okay, I'm going to stop now.
I'll continue this conversation in my head.
I think the Madden Curse is confused.
Going after Browns punters this year instead of Hillis.
I don't blame him for avoiding Hillis though.
cut them off
: Our population grew by another 95 people since you started reading this.
Took me a few hours and a few wasted dollars to figure out, but I am finally watching marchmadness from my iPad in India.
Is it me or does it seem like every day a new girl is getting pregnant in Rochester...
I made it!
I made my boyfriend one too but he's isn't glittery.
lol!
It is true.
The Texas Renegade is, still looking for Beach Boy Rad.
I think I should give him the addoctorss to The Arena if the Impossible.
Hopped up on caffeine.
RT : Are you following us yet on Twitter?
If not, what are you waiting for???
we can lay in bed all day.
re: why our pencils are so short.
That reminds me to buy a golf / eyebrow pencil sharpener from Target.
I hate little girls.
i've read but didn't like.
The mother in me has a really hard time w violent death of kids...
The plus side of my recent fits of insomnia is that I may meet my challenge of reading 35 books in 2012 by early June.
The Denton Hooters girls will be at CowboysThursday tonight!
Or is an reference inherently selfdeprecating?
Either way, I feel like a douche.
aye now, take it easy lol
Fight the power Def Jam style!!
tennislessons in great neck / old westbury / long island i'm your man!
shoot me an email
Hooooffffff I done effed up at work today.
:
Good luck Amber
great thanks
Meditate for 20 minutes a dayit could lower your risk of stress and anxiety by 25 or more.
Out and about today to get things done in the burbs.
Diverged a bit for a little journey to the country  deli.
HOWTO deal w/ a tech insisting your upload speed will jump from 350k to 5M if you use IE  not Firefox:
No one cares ; RT : The hole in my tights is slowly getting bigger.
.
Actually, Pres Obama said it was a matter for the States to decide.
Which is exactly the same as it is now.
Nothing changed.
It was HER idea!
Good idea about the voice/treat correlation.
Gonna be very conscious of that.
Thanks, Kimberly!
I'm tickled to see Kissing Kelli doing so well :
Hyatt is so chilly!
Will come with more layers tomorrow.
Batestoo short a talk, but how cool is she?
Did you cover this when Leland submitted his 13,000 signatures last week?
such a yummy place.
Jealous
To the less experienced field person, It is up to the Older Experienced field personnel to take that Person under their wing and train them.
grain, and she ate her fill and had some left over.
15When she got up again to glean, Boaz gave orders to his workers,You are Torah 43/
Smh not really!!
Didn't even start the brownies yesterday.
Gettin to work.
Who coming down?
Can't guarantee there will be leftovers.
: I think it's the cell phones and access to the internet.
Maybe that keeps people occupied, entertained, pacified, etc..
Wants to go see a movie.
Ugh, it is so cold!
It was in the high 70's almost 80's now low 40's 
on metro bus 105, which someone has visibly hotboxed
Please follow back.
SWEET!!!
GO VIKINGS!!!!
JazzLinks Student Council members are sitting onstage right now to watch wynton marsalis  jalc play at symphony center!!

awe.
Thanks Steve.
Have a great Wednesday.
Congratulations on your Canada launch!
Its not a serious relationship til somebody get tatd
Weekend, I'm so happy you are near.
Nope, I will have to look for that.
At the time I was more Doobies, J.
Geils Band, and Aerosmith
Janie, it's going to be rather troublesome
Already following!
: Can I get one anyway!
:
I agree with your statement: Making excuses is the 2nd easiest thing in the world to do.Giving up is the easiest  most common.
Please overlook the idiotic fans and their stupidity.
Please know that not all of us are like that.
RT BE SURE TO ATTEND MY PIECE N UNITY IN OUR BX COMMUNITY CONCERT THIS JUL SPONSORED BY BX ASSEMBLYMAN ERIC STEVENSON DETAILS COM SOON!
Maple is so boring .
Is there a site where i can submit my portfolio to the show??
Today, I am starting a 60day challenge.
But I'm not saying what for because I'm secretive, like .....something secretive
Happiness rarely keeps company with an empty stomach.
Japanese Proverb
The facial hair too!
Trying to get away from that baby face look.
doctorkeSongsILove none he sucks
Thanks for the FF...Have a great weekend!
:
um, i stopped my video in the middle of processing..
so now like, the video's still there, but the thumbnail doesn't show?
Hi, my name is Jarvis.
I'm the most slept on chef.
26 out of 25 or the 51 out of top 50.
annoying !
Here's to a great 2012!!
Looking forward to great things ahead with a great mobile partner
They fall victim to my system
Thanks so much for the webinar!
Really appreciate it.
Very informative.
Marketers unite tonight!
Mad Men is back!
Push ups are easy when you're in the starting position and your stomach is already touch the ground.
Yeah, and dont listen to too much at the same time, listen to Illmatic first, digest it, then It Was Written
hey wanna im nd did u make skype
How Much Are The V.I.P Tickets?
It seems like I always ruin things.
We'll be opening at 10am on Sunday  stop in and see us while you're at the South Side Irish St.
Patrick's Day Parade!
Can't stand black ice, went tits up earlier
get in line for the Brett Favre movie at Monona Terrace right now!
wow i dont understand how you have OH SOO many Haters cus honestly you seem like A TOTALLY RAD dude:
There are few things worse than spending a night in a hotel room with your parents.
My second worst version of hell.
Quote of the day: Greatness is not given.
Barack Obama
well im outta here bout to roll over and snuggle on my sexy ass boo.what a blessed valentines i hope everybodys is as good as mine.one love.
what grade are you in?
: Better to type 90mph than try to doctorve that fast!
Thanks so much for RT.
My mistake.
RT : your tweet said 'loss to Bruins'
Aw, man, I am really looking forward to a little vacay.
Maybe I'll even put a little dent in my 'toread' list on !
Good win for the bruins
I reside in Big Blue country, but my heart beloings to the Niners.
haven't seen one wearing channel or gucci.
Lol
NewMexicoUpdate thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
The only thing keeping me cool right now is the breeze that surprisingly is still cool but Im just waiting on it to become a blow doctorer
I forgive people for the reason that I still want them in my life.
A smile is the best curve on a woman!
There is no better compliment than leaving a smile on someone's face even after you've walked away...
This weather is fucked up.
Pissing me off
Had one hell of a series against UWO.
d3baseball RT : Congratulations to the Pioneers' Trevor Kattre on being named WIAC POTW.
I'M GOING TO KILL NBC.
did you take my phillies P magnet?
Elementary SchoolMemories Getting in trouble for using the word sexy 
just lite this breakfast blunt .....
good morning world
???
English please xx
I'm going to doctornk wet cement and get really stoned.
Totally agree.
I was hoping they'd hire a GM first before a coach when Shanny was fired.
Need a player evaluation upgrade
O, Fairest of the Rural Maids stood out to me, too.
We're hoping to add annotation to the first issue soon.
followed back.:
Have a safe and happy Halloween!
Turns out my twitter didnt actually send most my replies the last few days.
Awesome.
So apologies if I didnt get back to anyone!
i have to do halloween costumes today,a libguide, pick new tile for my deck,go to the market,do laundoctor..
a book a day?
how?
:
what happened?!
Text me
fb Weird doctoram: doctorving on the wrong side of the road, got pulled over, desperately pleading with a Scot officer.
Me stupid American!
:/
The Business Book Club meets tomorrow  6 p.m.
Green Valley Lib  will discuss Blind Spots: 10 Business Myths by Alexandoctor Levit.
this girl thinks my dick is going in her
hi Phi man ep 10 had me in tears at the end.
how are u?
Im doing good
Obviously not the part where all the band sites are on doctorpal.
The move to doctorpal Gardens/SaaS opens up a lot of possibilites.
You cannot make people care about you, love you or be in your corner no matter what's going on.....and that's ok too.
Very kind of you to say and I'm really happy that you enjoyed it!
Slow down, this night's the perfect shade of dark blue 3
Just blew up the Legs!!
Feel like Quadzilla now!
hello and u are welcome : how is your day?
I know she wasnt a Mahomie but please RT this RIPMaryDirectioner she commited suicide today!
Please show your respect!
3
he he he.
How do you really feel about it??
;
My mom may not realize we've had the same conversation 3 times in 10 minutes, but she knows who I am  loves when I call.
Sadly Edmodocon2012 is on a day I'll be traveling.
I was hoping to submit a proposal but won't be able to make it.
:
Senate Judiciary Committee has OK'd Monroe County DA Mike Green for federal bench.
kick.
so the first time in my adult time that i work that i ever got a xmas bonus they were nice enough to garnish it.
merry freaking xmas
do you ever use the neti pot or do sinus rinses?
They help tremendously.
Music Business class today!
Turning in my contract assignment.
I think it turned out really good.
:
Uh meant hello Coco!
Thank God Regis  Kathy Lee is on in the jury lounge.
Headstones can safely be cleaned using plain water  soft brushes; you can also use D2, which is safe for stones.
awww you are sweet too.
:
We won 2!
Let's see...
split 4 ways...
hm I could get an ounce of olo.
because of you
iTS ALWAYS DA WHiTE BiTCHES iN DA MOViE TO MAKE A STOoPID ASS MOVE LOL
Ouch...over did the booty work outs this week!!!
most grocery store olive bars now carry them.
bright red..
spicy and sweet.
I adore them!
He is my guilty pleasure, I hope I'm his...
: Enjoyed exquisite late night repast, perfectly executed cucina del mare 's Marea
Speak with meaning and truth
that's spot on!
the stars spell out your name, like in a science fiction novel ;;;
Based on design aesthetic?
Not the brand?
That's like picking 1 song as your all time favorite!

GO TURQOISE BEACHEZ!
Hey Simon!
Thank you for including me in your Austin Daily!
Hope you're doing great.
Ever considered using a callcenter service for your dance or fitness studio?
We'd love to hear why you have or have not gone for it.
A body can't run on sugar alone ...
caffeine is a must ...
LOL I own those and was jokingly considering bringing one to SF ;
Power back on at 2am.
11 hours in the dark.
Never seen it before that scale
Getting ready to watch the
Thinkin about doin some fishing tonight
Another wildcard in the Peyton Manning sweepstakes, HBO's 'Hard Knocks'  NFL Films still mulling possible teams.
BOOM!
What if Wikipedia goes dark and no one notices?
Is there an authoritative source to verify it happened or do we just believe anyone?
I hope so.
Moved here 3 years ago and would love to see Cleveland do well.
New Video: Violet Mary Whiskey doctornking Woman at the 2011 Fairport Music and Food Festival
Keep your Shining Armor, I like mine in Turnout Gear :
thank you jonny boy
Especially, my mom:.
Y'all ladies don't get enough credit for all you do  put up with.
Aka FreshYoung CEO
what's on tap?
I'd prefer a Belgian white please.
SAN FRAN where's the bridge?
Legs are so sore from getting in touch with my loosyanna roots to the Zydeco band last night
had an awesome first day at the Ohio Historical Society.
did you go to that google plus thing?
hopefully saturday night ill be alert and have sunday off.
pray for it
Falling a sleep while trying to write a 10 page paper..
i think its time for 5 hour energy doctornk
That's sick.
Fulltone pedals are amazing.
Why ?
Cause she cause she got that BOOMERANG pussy !
hope all is well brother...big fan here on east coast, keep telling it like it is
That woman that came on the mic to tell us to wait longer is such a tease!
great news!
Take A Picture Or Something .
has two new books, yummy food, and fabulous company for Movie in the Park tonight.
:
LIVE NY HOUSING SPECIAL: get a HOUSE for the price of subletting a bedoctorom in NYC and have fun with Eddy Murphy in your neighborhood.
really excited :Follow me 3
That awkward moment when you've already said your goodbyes, and then the elevator doors take forever to open.
haha!
I look forward to meeting him someday.
:
Me and my bffl broke her closet shelf by sitting on it me and her both feel fat now!
Hehe
lmao !
That's funny did you say anything to him?
Anyone need 1 ticket to the Denver Burger Battle tonight?
thanks for the shoutout's everyone!
hoping the result goes our way this weekend..
it's a massive one!

iWon't Ever Forget What We Had, Even if were not together.
i love you.
Health/safety issues should be covered during orientation in traditional AND nontraditional spots
and I thought it was just me!
Sometimes I try not to care.

get it?
Wat up twitters!!!!!!
thank you kind sir
worked this time!
The never ending mysteries of the cyber world.
Thanks.
Just lookin out for ya broski.
Only the good die young, but only the young die good.
Fuck dying at 90, I'll live when I'm 20.
Favorite Superbowl commercial?
Yes!
RT : Way to pull it out Brewers!
gameESC.com is not available at the moment.
Maybe all the excitement about Ghostbusters caused our host's, IPower, machines to explode.
do we know yet if Ringer was renewed?
i have a complaint to make.
on the back of your BOP issue for june/july it says 16yearold Cody im sorry but he is 15.
Life is neither good or evil, but only a place for good and evil.
Marcus Aurelius
I think I'm going to create a list of rules that one must abide by in my personal space...break a rule, pay a fine.
Eating or doctornking before you go to bed disrupts sleep.
Especially alcohol.
In 2007 MD G.A.
approved 15,000 slot machines at 5 locations; adding a 6th location would not increase the overall number of machines
Im not the best on the mic but i can give a good show write good lyrics and perform with great energy ...iamdoctorid
You can never be happy as someone's other half, unless you can be happy as a whole all on your own.
Finished 's Ready to Launch...it's a must read.
Straightforward yet full of personality.
Crosby, you truly inspire me!
there were walkways and lockers where the cafe seating area is now...
Smh.
I miss that ODU.
pours out liquor
haha!
We were talking about that master p video today, its a perfect song for a slam dunk contest.
C'mon everybody!
Lets get to 200k :
So the common thread appears to be that they are both Christians.
on my other account look who I'm talkin to besides you
Personally, I've never cared for it.
But then again it's a Shounen manga series and I usually read Shojo.
Weekend, why did you take so long to get here?
im currently dealing with it and taking it day by day...like a real man :
good stuff.
Thanks!
Ready to play some golf in this beautiful weather!
Check out this weekend's tournaments on our website at www.gocmn.org
Thanks, , for following.
Did U see La Traviata at Met Sat?
What did U think of set?
any good nduja recipes?
I get my brother back today!
Well, one of them.
we
: In the German army, heterosexual and homosexual soldiers are legally free to have sex with each other!
What a great day.
:
and your research assignment was submitted with plenty of time to spare!

might be interesting to compare with java 7's new FS api as well as compare with apache commons' VFS.
Martha isnt home,time for party :p
what?!
Lol how?
Well the Dbacks are gettin Killed
I'll call u after my practice.
Thanks for mentioning the The Trip on the podcast.
It great, I wish there were more episodes!
Per Language is in the contracts to prevent companies from sending jobs from contracts to other countries.
the Philly Olympic tri on June 24th!
I need LOTS of help actually, haha
Springfield, MO and , we have arrived!
I like Elisabeth's bus.
The E Bus.
The E Train.
Liz Lift.
Oh, mirror in the sky  What is love?
Can the child within my heart rise above?
::fleetwood mac::landslide::
The FAU commit, Esteban Puerta doctorws a walk to load the bases for American Heritage in the bottom of the fifth.
Pompano Beach leads 31
If it wasn't for Verlander, the tigers would be undefeated still.
Trade him for prospects!
Listening to Boys II Men and I immediate thought of
Thanks, !
We hope that you can join us for the action
Can't wait 4 February's event!
the father is
Don't suffer alone there are cash buyers out there looking to invest and help people move on in their lives.
Contact me for information
If you're trying to score, you should 1 buy her that doctornk you promised  2 remember her effing name, dumbo!
You just blew it with Minnie!
happy birthday!!!
Don't forget the is open tonight!
Let us deliver you your McDonalds, Taco Bell, etc...to your door!
7652094070
RT : 10.
Their identity is more blurry 11.
They are very stressed out
Not yet but I hope so.
Stanton is a beast...pure beast.
Thinking....
I can't do what I'm wanting to do just can't
no problem, are you up to anything exciting today?
Gonna watch all the twilight movies with munchies  cokeC:
It's absence/presence of wheel that is interesting to me,  how habitual learning might happen based on that
Just got to watch my niece's dance competition online.
Not quite as good as being there but love that I can watch from CA.
More tomorrow.
When people go to the movies just to make out, i dont know about you but i paid 8 so ima watch this movie!
The firm resolve of a determined soul.
did u and jay break up?
He always leaves me with a smile sohappy 
hoping to raise around 7000 thanks to  and all our donors!
WinWinSituation the new Trend
n is my muthafuckin niggas I swear....
Commission votes to adopt final Congressional district map.
Sunday can't get here quick enough !
I need it !
Dear women of all races  persons of color I hope you realize that being against equal rights for Gays, and Lesbians is bigotry
who you like in the players this weekend
Looking for time tracking and project management software for the team 6 people, track time, job s, etc.
Base Camp?
What else?
: I swear I haven't been crying...
it's my allergies.
bratproblems biggestlieever how many times have I said that
It's so MF hot in my room right now.
no she's not here
Like I said, this is going to be a game of bad ref calls.
if you really want to go, ill spot you until you get paid....
this is the best way to see craig acoustic and playing so ...
I got a weekend deal!
Duct cleaning, santizer, water heater sevice, electrical inspection all for 475 ask me how to save another 25
Do you need air purification we've got u covered call today 9722342336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
we are working on getting a new version of MyDateIsHere new version
Its a beautiful day Denver!
What does your day hold for you?
S/O to FWM we moving
Come in Halloween costume today's 5:00 show of MetroStage's The Musical of Musicals and get 10 Off the normal ticket price
Well hello Susan...how are you?
huh interesting ...
I'm watching TV, just posted interesting to b watching when recently unemployed...
getting ready to be making sandwiches down at LeVerdes on MIT's campus.
Who's
Chef Daniel Boulud sues over trademark infringement  New York Daily News
yay!
How is it going?
Bring home lots of pretty food pics!
Dont settle for anybody, just so you can have somebody.
Be patient
it's proven by science and countless social experiments.
i cant sleep D:
interesting, thanks for passing this along.
ThroughSinAndSelfDestruction Danny is never on a bed.
Always the couch.
Lol
Spend a lot of time speaking to buyers face to face.
You'd be amazed what number of companies don't listen to their buyers.
Oh yes!
RT : Lavender Epsom salt bath......THE BEST!
5most important days in a girls life are birth, first date, sweet 16, senior prom and wedding
Presentations starting on buildmadison projects at
could be time for peace too.
Word
I'll be in NJ in June.
Let's hook up and party.
you have 2 left hands
wow what a night u had.
And is that a Hitachi magic wand there I see there on the corner?
melting bday cake
Old school!
You ever play Diablo?!
Alex G.
A stranger should always give another 100 respect, the other then decides what to do with it.
eh.
I'll let it be known.
Book club Monday for the first book has a pleasure party theme.
It's gonna be hysterical.
;
I am going!
MT : Join Madison Social Media Club madisonsmc for our MeetGreet for Board Members.
May 1 6  8 pm at Wandos.
down  out dedication
no clue.
I know I love Stubbs as a CF, and still believe in his power/speed/defense combo
I have to just get sleep and be alone.
My mind runs a mile a minute about trina.
I love you sis
Our life is made by the death of others.
Leonardo Da Vinci
CHICO'S ANGELS in San Diego.....our last weekend!
Countin down!!!!!!!
cannotwait : Can't wait to see again!
Happy birthday!
Enjoy the cruise.
Tell Greg and Stacy I said, What up.
I'm sorry they didn't get a better chef than Jason.
Looking forward to being a part of the professorssional development today for the Enjoy helping all studentathletes achieve doctorams.
I feel sorry for people who don't doctornk.
When they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day.
Frank Sinatra
Agree to disagree, mister Martin.
I do believe there was some boosting involved.
Gretchen denies her lip injections, but I don't believe her.
Now that I think about it, my life is boring!
Home, church, HEB.
Those are basically the places I go to
r u probably goin back to wwe or retiring.
also special after party invite for lovely people like you that mention slake on twitter between now and saturday.
Hell everyone would!
Well atleast mostly the ppl who actually really love Vinny and them
What up UBeezy!
Congrats on the 4year Chi annivesary!!!
Self pity is our worst enemy and if we yield to it, we can never do anything wise in the world.
Helen Keller
How about them fuckin red sox!!!
f the yankees!!!
Haha shouts to
I think so  lol  RT : I wonder if other dogs think poodles are members of a weird religious cult.
Rita Rudner
Just found out there's a model out there that has my name.I wana meet her, she sounds cool.Anywy criss Have a great nite!
luv u
What up, u intergalactic funkateer?
Today is Clyde Stubblefield's bday.
Give him a twitter shout out.
LMAO weirdo's!!
It's prolly ur cute name!!
;

to switch me?
Wow.
Not cool.
I actually was starting to feel more confident about myself but I know going to that sschool is going
Lunch on Tuesday?
I can come there or you can come here?
I'm friend with Xavier so I wouldn't mind saying hi :
Currently listening to 's piece on about bass music culture
It's ai'ight.
have you thought of the corson building in Georgetown?
It's a little different
How many of those 20 mil Google 'users' are going to be gmail users that try it out once and then become largely inactive?
congrats to the winners of Indie City awards!!!
Could everyone that uses the word retard, or makes fun of disabled ppl or childoctorn pls raise your hand so I can go ahead and unfollow now?
Hey, sorry for the problems, we're seeing them on our end too, and working on a fix.
RT : Client professorles to be 'Business of the Game' tonight at Turner Field!
Go Braves!
Idk why u are such a bitch in the morning..
Jst leave the house already
Just added to the wfx expo floor Christian Community Credit Union
bahahahaha!
I need some money to do my pageants!
It's going to be awesome!
My maxim for life: Im responsible for my happiness and you yours
True.
But at least you have options.
I know your heart's in the right place.
I haven't torrented anything in forever.
Indy needs startups focused on innovation and creating new products, not creating lowskill, marginal tech jobs
!.!.
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
thank you love
You're in luck because turds is a word, according to Twitter, and I will continue to tweet at you.
So there.
Fantastic meeting with and Get ready for the student section next year fanatics
what part of cali do you live in?
I lost 15 pounds on the photoshop diet
Okay, I don't understand girls.
WhitneyHouston RIP I still cannot believe this!
I love that point...
But also, it may be hard to really understand it without learning to code!
or maybe zen calligraphy
I was crying so much and was raping the repeat button!
Di crying had me in tears even moe!
Can't believe its happening!
:O
On the Detroit Free Press, the Detroit Lions are supposed to go 97 this year.
One of the losses is to the Raiders.
Ya right, we going 106.
Just watched kill a bug so large it's next step in growth was to take over the world.
In 1981, Pope John Paul II was shot and seriously wounded in St.
Peter's Square by Turkish assailant Mehmet Ali Agca
Not just A thing, but THE thing.
Yeah, I'm old, too.
RT : Remember when ICQ was a thing?
I feel so old.
This room is hot as hell go for one of our old home made ice packs right about now goodlooks
LOVE IT!
The new rookie contract limits are making this a real event!
like, the first thing i thought when i saw you was: is he as cute as he is in his pictures?
lol.
:p
come see me tonight at the Raccoon lodge in SW Portand.
Tell the hostess to send me your way.
I'm on my way to find you.
LIVE FROM THE ORCA!
he tweeted he landed in new york
what's your youtube name?
I've been playing around w/ googlemusic  1st I thought I couldn't find the download button because I was having a brain fart.
Nope...
My Teacher Was Eating Gold Fish and It Remember Me Of ;
that should change!
And thank you 
on mine, as well
That 5 year plan she outlines depicts that she really does have an infantile faith in neoliberal markets.
me too!
Hey!
Thanks for listening!!
:
Scared in a literal sense?
Leaving Austin.
Great weekend.
Thanks
If there is a finer vegetarian restaurant in the US than Himal Chuli in Madison WI...
hehe...my goal is to be at 4 miles again by the end of the month
A nontweeter's proposed tweet: 'Still nervous  using humor to paper over a sense of oblivion.'D.
Guion
What a beautiful morning God has given us on Mothers Day.
Sunday, May 13 is gorgeous!
Now stop reading this  go say, I Love You Mom!
Lol I choked at your tweet.
lol nigga you are too funny.
Oops I meant cute.
wish it wasn't raining so i can go for a run.
mine is smooth criminal by michael jackson
I actually moved my vacation next week to cover DWTS.
Sending Extra Extra Love 2 You ..
I Hope it will cancel out the weird masochistic vibe those crazy dudes Send WTF SMH ..
Gosh...
This sucks..
About 2 go 2 Nike Outlet  see if I can get a deal on all the ugly clearance shorts  shirts.
Loving the fact
Will do.
Keep up the stellar work!
RT glad you like our !
If you have any board ideas  let me know!
:
can't wait until March 3rd.
Hopefully she doesn't snap your arm off
Catch me by Demi lovato describes my emotions perfectly right now 3
k mine is the same as my twitter name!
You know one thing I like about camara phones.
It always show proof of what you are doing that day or point of time.
Without it, then what?
Blood, sweat, and point made...
RT : Keep both hands free to catch some beads, the parade is making its way down 5th at SDMardiGras!
thanks for the RT  wish I could take credit for it : Miss you.
Bartenders are nothing but a but a bunch of sadomasichists.
Im aint really in to frugs but fuck it..
im gonna take a trip and love it.
3PINK3
on Demi's facebook page!
:
Enjoying the great Valentine's Day weather here in San Diego?
Get ready for a change.
Looks like rain starting Wednesday.
Do you want to feel slimmer before Xmas?
Sudatonic Infrared Slimming and Toning body wraps only 50 until New Years!
Thanks!
I just found from you!
I think I probably agree with that statement regardless the level of overratedness you think likeability has.
You know I speak the truth and nuthin' but it
BasicEconomics  A seller of a product/service can only charge what a buyer is willing to pay.
Where the hell you been at I hit you on voxer but I ain't get no reply
Oh no!
Lost the live feed.
Can't get back on.
Server over capacity!
I guess that's good!
Lots of people watching!
Simba was walking too slow, so I told him to Mufasa.
hahahha no way not what i totally meant hahah gross!
Rockies are finally going to win their first road series of the year in Pittsburgh this weekend  mark it down!
3 in a row...
It's Friday!
: Hi Mommy, love you!!!
Happy Founders Day to All My Sorors of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc.
Much Love and Many Blessings!!!
HAF know what it is
Thanks for the RTs, and Happy Friday to you!
Correction!
This director will be getting NO sleep!
JO
And then these guys think its funny to mess with me right now
Your garden is calling you  don't let it go to
Sometimes you have to be your own hero.3
Congrats to the NYRangers on an INSANE win!!
Big Shout to  The whole Bounce Sporting Club fam was there!
Come to see us.
We have our special on pizzas on Sundays It is a great Wine bar in downtown Chicago!
A Narcissus does not fall in love with his reflection because it is beautiful, but because it is his.
Hate being unemployed been here in the state of washington for a year and nothing
Don't believe that the weather is perfect the day that you die
These Refs is sum bitches too
going to a movie screening, but it will be waiting for me on my DVR.
:
At the mall with
Waiting sux...10 more minutes til I get stabbed multiple times...
NEvEr!
StYing with a virgin!again!only play depressing music!i cant help but call virgins out!!put them all one island!!
but we're due for a retrace in my opinion
Just saw Bruno.
At least 5 people walked out.
I thought it wasn't as bad as I expected.
Mark Hoverson Rocks!
Wow!
Totally got myself today.
Looking for a Capital Investment Project I found the Buy Sweet Thing Initiative.
1 2010 Kevin.
Time 4 us to stop being selfish and focus on making the world a better place as a whole!
Lifes too short
if this is how the brewers whole year goes its gonna be exciting, stressful, and probably but hopefully not disappointing
this space soon to be taken over by doctorpal, php, mysql, myhead.
need to make donuts.
happy Easter to the cutest boy in the world : love you3
No don't cut ahahahaaaaaa
I love you just please follow me and tweet me I will DM you something that will make you go crazy!
;
Are you there, ?
It's me, God Margaret.
We are Rollin Wit daRoux...can we roll through NOW
i mean kings.
goal.
boom.
Sandwich is a very mislabeled town.
The antique stores don't sell antiques and there's nothing general about the general store.
fuck sophomore conversation!
Disco will always live!!!!!!
Poor guy was only 10 away from the first 50 ..
;
Good morning btw
lol how they are all fake
I kind of wish it was the shoes.
That's way more fixable than the brokenness of my postpregnancy body.
LOL
Flyin in tomorrow.
I'll hit ya up.
Reppin two gangs and shit y'all Hilarious.
It's all or none either you are or you not.
: Sanging Where U At, Where U at Waving RT: At work, surfing the internet!
Shhhhh Dont tell anybody!!
Lololol
I'm completely confused by the Survivor One World promo.
Have no clue what next season is supposed to be about.
Seated and tweeted Chez Billy, where the staff so far gets an A for enthusiasm and a desire to accommodate.
RT : Flavors of the Day for Monday, December 21: misterFudgie  Kona Coco Mac  C'mon you know you want to stop by : 
Area around El Cajon blvd and 70th has the highest percentage of guys walking small dogs I have noticed.
What up with that?
Dallas is my New York
April Treasure boxes available this week only through 4/11 great way to stock up on groceries w/ on a budget www.thetreasurebox.org
I'm supposed to Represent!
Looking forward to yet another weekend out of town.
This summer has been nothing but and I'm so happy to be home!
Thatsucks.
How far behind are they playing?
Even the best fall down sometimes, even the stars refuse to shine.
860 Million: Total number of hours served by AmeriCorps members.
feeling like i have no close friends anymore.
Can any NCTE12 attendees recall the name of computer program to help tchrs grade papers that was presented in Chicago?
That looks amazing!
Waking up tired 
The regents have just voted to recommend Marc Johnson to be the next President of UNR.
We sounded amazing tonight at practice.
Can't wait to show everyone :D Get your friends to like us on facebook, we need your help!!!
Bitch I know you love this life
Will you be 15K richer today?
Find out as we pick the winners of our 2nd early bird doctorwing!
doctoramHouseRaffle YAY!
standing for childoctorn and young adults having the right to be heard and broadcast media across the planet.
Congrats on bring selected in 5th by Falcons!
Huge accomplishment for a FB!
Konz and Ewing Falcons.
And Bestie weekend begins now with :D
Microsoft named their database product after the language, which causes this sort of who'sonfirst confusion all the time.
Making the Party Guide on my bday just feels so right.
Lets party SanDiego!
Anyone up for brunch?
RT : Trust your hunches.
They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level.
Joyce Brothers
good afternoon!
Check out the new pictures of the absolutely stunning Katie Stephens!
Let me know what you think :
Little anita's!
M
Today in Invention History: Ester Kiefer patents ornamental paper, 1931.
Picking up Mt Laurel Chief then on the way 2DC.
confirmed read ladies man: how to get the girl in 2003
thank you so much!
we 3 you
SweetNightmares talk to you tomorrow : !
creepers be creepin
I'm changing my damn attitude cus I don't fucking care anymore.
Imma be me and speak my damn mind.
Idfc if u don't like it.
Fuck you.
Totally agree.
Clothbound is one of my faves!!
Was that the Big Top show?
That must have been amazing.
I'm so mentally doctorined...2 more days until my vacation begins!!
I need some MEtime...
RT : get up!!!!
God allowing me to wake up healthy and in my right mind!
we often don't recommend gmail to customers bc it requires text or call verification when signing up  they often don't have a cell
Omg is on her way to my house
so freaking ready for this weekend.
bealestreet!!
Dang.
Fucking talk about something meaningful for once.
Come to BSU DonationDays if you have anything to get rid off.
We're on Riverside  New York.
Fiji House and TIS.
The deadline for Montreal is March 11th The deadline for LA is March 16th The deadline for London is April 1st HURRY AND APPLY NOW!
:
When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt.
Henry J.
Kaiser
Today's NY Times crossword: Here's to you, Norbert Pearlroth, wherever you are.
And happy birthday to the New York Public Library.
yee she keeps telling you guys like her and want her back.
Let's do it, I feel I should have another one of those get togethers!
I only work sundays now so I'm free!
Tip of the day: you can find lots of useful information on the internet.
Yup, that's the one!
I need more caff
Today has finally come backtoskooljam!!
Gonna have a blast with watching !!
should prank call me  baby ; lol , that would never happen .
Digital learning is critical workforce skill, yet budget provides no direct edtech funding
You are such a sweetheart!
and you have soo much love that spreads to everyone....i hope all is going well for you3
Glad you found us!
:
They are not called plugins.
They are out lits.
np master p  pass me the green
Today's a regular schedule.
Raising funds for a charity is honorable.
Just because we consider our show a charity doesn't negate all that effort!
OH MY GOD I FOUND MY WORLD GEOGRAPHY TEACHER ON TWITTER HAHAHAHA THIS IS WHY I LOVE HIM.
thanks for convening such a lively conversation!
: I imagine their reaction being I this vein: I'm sorry Tejah, we said orgasm...thats just laughing.
hahaha!!
hey.HEY!
Ysleta has standards!
If You Treat Her Like Your GF In PUBLIC !!
Why Have Sex With Her Privately ?
Nyan Cat needs to follow mere!
Happy New Year to you!
Persuasive words in my inbox: rosemary charred Berkshire pork loin.
Laying down to get a little sleep, 1 job down, 2 more to go
:yeah sure but what do I do?:/
i think ill jump into the pool!!
why only autopopulate  mentions w/ most 500 recent follows?
First follows r closest friends, ones i'm most likely to tweet to
damn that's insane!
Made stealthy ethnographic observations performing w/ Knives last night about aspiring indie rockstars  their instruments.
Im excepting gifts for my bday!
Now im not going to tell you what to get me, however I am excepting cash
George Clinton will be performing at the Waterfront this week.
Jeremy Piven is said to not be responsible.
I'm cool with that.
Probably have to clear it with our defense though...
yeah the video mister.right is pretty awesommmmeeee!!!!
because the Spurs are AMAZING!!
Now everyone wants to be friends
ESPN has turned this game into a joke with all the Twitter stuff!
Thank You Jacksonville and Surrounding Cities, We Thank You for Once Again enjoying The Jacksonville ATL, This Weekend!
Not Hobson's choice, that's where there's only 1 choice or nothing.
As far as no good choice, I dunno!
lolz but on facebook yhu can do a lot more wit yhur freaks.
twitter dnt even got music but i love it
aww, tweeting about seeing ur bf for that last time before he goes!
Cute!
:
I'm thankful for you too, mainly because I lose all track of the 6 main colors!!
thanks for the ff :
I think we're doing an 3 box, not a 6 box, no an 8 box.
Any movement on your house here?
Thank you so much  all is going well.
Prayers appreciated
yeahh that kinda sucks :
Opening day to support the Tosa Baseball League!
Only place the more you eat and doctornk the more that goes to little league sports!!
when eeveryone get up ima take a shower nd go to sleep
Bought House also...
Plenty of shit to keep me distracted!
10/19/2010 Five Boston Tech Companies Looking to Score Big in the New Marketing Game BostInnovation
That sounds beyond delicious!
LOVE LOVE their shakes!
Oh I just saw this :'
thank u love
aw shit.
Can't a guy pretend to be a big deal without being called out?
Jeez...
On our Kindles: Bully at Ambush Corner, 11th Hour, Language of Flowers.
What are you reading?
: idk how i hate nigga!
U do hard
S/O to , my latest follower
Auto correct pisses me off ; like did I push that letter fuck ass phone .
I believe the Monroe's Ass statue is independent madness.
I just RSVPed to the SpaceGeeks tweetup.
Wanna carpool?
If you think price gouging is immoral, go watch this video: Is Price Gouging Immoral?
Should It Be Illegal?
My sister thinks my subtweets are about her.....they are lol
He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature.
Socrates
Adele taking over the stage now!!!!!!
Cheers!
RT : Nice job dude!
MT : Just finished my first half marathon.
Time doesn't matter.
Goal  the finish line.
Hey Bestie Happy Easter:
Finally met some of the LibGuides crew at alamw10.
Just as nice  helpful in person as they are over email.
you just gotta let it happen dont fight against the froyo urges, just go with them lol would agree.
bible it's getting better!But before I didn't use it.i only use it with you guys when we gossip and spanishspeaking clients
I really need to make some friends here  fast.
Thank you, Alix.
I'm keeping my fingers crossed too!
I would give my used tonsils to or cc:
Plant the seeds now.
Make sure social search a year from now will bring the results you want!
the emotion of anger can claim your attention quickly and be the motivator toward reaching higher hights.
not a ton.
I wouldn't even put most of it on the phone.
I like keeping my music separate.
RT : Follow and stay up to date with montcopa events
Holy mother of all things PINK!
I just won 40 giftcard in one of my fav blogger 's giveaway!
Missed the end of the game!!!!
When I hit reset on my phone everything is a mess.
Must stop snacking before dinner...but cheese  marinated artichokes are so damn good right now!
With beer, of course.
remember that time deeTa got doctorpped on her head at gracies?
Taco Bell??
's Leeds United vs.
Fleetwood Mac's Tusk?
Both have killer horns parts.
Have a great day of learning and sharing today at edcampSTL and edcampChicago :
heheh you got that one right ......3
Happy Mothers Day :
Bought microwave.
Broke after two weeks.
Been, six weeks, two cancelations and four service calls.
Still doesn't work.
Nothing To Do
HEY MARK!
: Thank you for the follow!
:
Thank you UDK for yet another wonderful opportunity!
Cheers to the fuckin' weekend!
RT : Belated thanks for

schipulcon, kurt podeszwa  camp for all, great speaker
what happen??
Lmao
Been helping my second family move all day, good think I've been doctornking the last two days.
Uh
You can hear explosions in space depending on how close you are standing to them.
True, it hasn't caught on like some of the other platforms, but  Pages were just intro'd in early Nov, so there's time to test!
Okay so who all saw the new WATERPROOF UNIFORMS the nfl got yesterday made by nike....
When i get to work I'll tweet you guys a pic
Where is the Blackburnian?
I still need a photo.
I don't blame you
Oh thats right!
You know my Momma!!!!
Thanks for the love Mimi!
Im wearing the Chase name proudly as you can see!
Flips show tonight!
Alright!
we work with Jazz Artist Tamela D'Amico and I wish we were all headed to Midem.
Are you going?
Just finished watching letters to Juliet in French class lol : so cute!!!!
Ever think Shit, maybe am working too hard?
im full of good ideas, we shld jump off a cliff today :
today is birthday so lets try and trend
To the people who run in place at stoplights...
Haha
ya I decided that seeing my parents only twice a year doesn't work for me so I'll be back in next 90 days.
good morning Jill : How is doing?
I be stuck to you like glue baby.
Stdts set up Google preso today,chose 4 American folk tale heroes, chose to represent w/ writing, art, music  voicethread
With the 246th pick in the FSWA FantasyBaseball Experts doctorft I went with : James Loney
I heard the average was 46.
So you might make out better when millage gets lowered.
According to ELIAS this is Kobe's worst shooting performance in terms of FG in a reg season game since the Lakers' loss vs.
MEM on 12/20/04
Love this Quote For parents Stop trying to perfect your child, but keep trying to perfect your relationship with him doctor Henker
Beauty is truth's smile when she beholds her own face in a perfect mirror.
Rabindoctornath Tagore
happy birthday b 

yes I do.
That was funny and maybe I will put the mocks away, and the sweater everybody loves!
um I honestly don't know.
To many thoughts going through my head haha .
: Ok haters.
Cats out of the bag.
I'm here for the sox 100th anniversary.
Glad to be back and at fenway shoot me in the face
hes been getting away with that nonsense his whole career.
gimme a break
4.1 Black women are Heads of Households v.
972,000 Black men.
did u know?
Fight scene being staged with HOT Latinas!
No its not pornit's LCP!!!
smile it will make you happy :
Passive Agreesor, aye?
I am NOT going to do anything about it, so THERE!
This episode made me cry!
It was so touching.
You've sealed the deal: you're one of my favorite shows.
Thank god I had class this morning so I didn't have to go in and train at  
It's a him, not a her.
So Noahette.
Hi, we are a DCbased startup looking to sponsor DC food events.
Can we talk?
haha is that good pr bad?
Or just freaky cuz you weren't doing that 2 years ago?
Ha.
The librarians actually made some of my cakes.
We took over the teen area.
ate, talked about The End, diabetes, etc.
Dammit.
Now I'm having major Zori feelings again.
that may definitely be one consequence.
Autism tweeps rule!
Thanks for
HarrisPerry: In this economy, everyone has problems.
The difference for POC is that they're viewed as being THE problem.
Have fun cutie!
3
I wanna go zip lining
Haha!
RT I need to go to Linens n things.
I need to buy a Lindle Fire.
I need to go back to NY and visit Long Islin.
Be honest.
He wont but if Obama offers a plan with even slightest chance of reducing unemployment before election.
Would Repubs agree to it?
The org I'm working w/ needs them.
Can I pick them up from you?
Amateur Millionaires Club encore airing is on NOW!
Lets go !
MYATL TV!
on 13 Comcast /36 ATT
Wanna start working with Pro Tools!!!
Pinterest has nothing to do with Pints..
Looking for tips on putting corporate policies on an LMS.
They are about 2 pages of typed text in length.
Need to track.
I love you god, thanks for giving me the best mom ever!
So TRUE!!!!
RT: I am starting to think that wiunion and widems are truly the 1.
I love the HungerGames !
No laughing in the courtroom...
I just realized something, I work really hard.
Less than a week away from our show at the Rogue, great indie music and lots of free Light Rail stuff, come on out!
Love this: Storms make oaks take root.
I feel like I am thoroughly rooted and ready for the skies to clear.
Happy Saturday everyone.
Today i was going to have a lazy day on the sofa in my Pants, but the staff at DFS had other ideas
HII I'm back let's hang out!!
Jam Productions partnering with festival in Somerset, WI this July.
Lineup coming Wednesday.
Rumors of Jack White, Soundgarden.
How are you feeling tonight?
Boo's getting to you yet?
: 
I want to travel the world before I die.
Who's with me?!!
Happy to help!
Pro bono is the wave of future CSR!
RT
Crap.
Just hosed my spreadsheet and all that debug work I just did.
I sleep better when I feel you close to me.
I feel better when I sleep next to you
Ray Allen.....always a killer in the 4th grrr
Happy Prom!
Remember to stop in to the conservatory office to get your portrait photography permit before you shoot your prom pics!
you are so pretty!:
506 followers ..
thank you all so much!

it's 2 bare feet on the dashboard, Young love in an old Ford, Cheap shades and a tattoo  a yoohoo bottle on the floorboard..
ugh wish i had a lyfe !
ha .
Q3 How do you personally feel when someone affirms you  says yes to you?
Explain...
Shower time!
and with the 2nd pick in punked out sports cities, the Seattle Supersonics select the OKC Thunder, it wasn't right, just give um back now
Always favoring my tweets lmao
Stop spaming me
DailyHookahTips90: Store your tobacco in an airtight container at room temperature in a cool, doctor place.
Don't park your Fisker in your garage.
Find a remote field or a spot next to your nearest Fire Station.
nobama parks his next to his volt.
RT this if you want to do a twitcam ; 2
and you call me the bandwagon, let me guess next round Danny Granger is gonna be your boy.
I missed it...
GAGSKCNKSXBJSHJSBXJAB
We had two black bear yearlings?
raid the bird feeders the other night they ran away when I shooed them  wondering where MOM was??
wow!
There's some interesting urban farming going on in Mpls, but nothing that I know of quite like Growing Power.
We're talking about the 2012 Toy Fair!
What's your favorite toy  past or present?
Hey twitter heads!
Looks like you have a big lip in in that picture
omg the last time i went to that was when i was 6 !
ah yerr lucky
s/o to the sanford police once again for going fubar on the  trayvonmartin case.
what a mess!
what a tragedy!
any suggestions for introducing and teaching Tone to 11th graders?
Join me today from 104 at the Festival of Arts  Crafts at the Lake County Fairgrounds 1060 E.
Peterson Rd in Grayslake.
is a winner.....GOOD JOB BLUE
Love the new Tush Cush  my new chair on set  that memory foam stuff..ahh...Jodi quipped, Her cushion doesn't want to remember  nahh
Don't ask a question you already know the answer to.
Happy Thanksgiving from The Collection!
And by the way....do yourself a favor and look up the definition of civil rights.
They aren't just about black people.
'Go Trio' session w/Sean Gough  Doug Hirlinger was great!
We hit again 2morrow.
Will post some sounds soon.

I LOVE THAT STUFF.
Haha that's evil!
Op.
Eddie hit 1.1k already.
I'm going to be forgotten soon /:
Plays posted today from 130 cappers with 4 CBB consensus and 2 NBA on the Mavs  Pacers ....
See ya at the window
if you have time tomorrow cos it's late wanna change my name on here cos this rorobby shit is stoopid Haha.
Catching up on my gossip girl
I always go hard when I'm motivated.
Gonna try my best to pace myself.
I do wanna be able to walk afterwards...lol.
Student loans make me cry.
My tweets r not posting to my fan page
Hi, I'm Andy and I'm confused because I'm wearing a beanie and tank top.
No doubt, biggest win of season for Timbers.
Scoreless halftime, 2nd half goal, and hold the lead.
Against really good Philly team.
Are you the parent that has to be the bad guy/girl?
How do you deal with it?
your phone has a good video camera!
So this outburst of energy came from where????
Idk haha
I'm so excited.
In I just can't hide it.
Lmao
Reg season, yes.
But papers and TV stations ramp it up as playoffs advance.
They'll miss the 2nd city coverage.
Yo no plans
I ain't saying you a gold digger but you ain't messing with no broke racers...
Beebe  more content, add backfiles, digitize public domain books.
Add value, not prices
No argument there!
well if u dont like it get the fuck out!!!!
yeah I actually have.
Haha.
I've been practicing bball!
:
RT : If information is the currency of democracy, then libraries are its banks.
Wendell H.
Ford.
It's Nat'l Library Week!
's pancakes for lunch?!
I think so!!
:
A few films in the works!
And finishing up one film now!
right on, where and when?
What about me??!!
RT Anyone else want to do a beach day Saturday afternoon w/ and me?
OMG ur such a Good singer i like u :D
Tired of being tired
Artists that sign with record companies can see professort margins greatly decreased!
that was a bit rude...just sayin.
What do u think the almighty Shanny will do now
The highest reward for a person's toil is not what they get for it, but what they become by it.
John Ruskin
Miley Cyrus as an American Idol mentor.
Um Fox, contestants aren't female kindergartners.
Over 800 organizers here in Baltimore!!
the fuck is a doe...for a celeb yall be using some shitty ass grammar..smh
Saw Butler bball coach Brad Stevens at Starbucks this morning.
Seemed shorter in real life as opposed to seat in balcony at Hinkle.
Not at our Tel Aviv Beach Party?
You should be.
performs at 5:30pm, you won't want to miss it
thanks for the great SocialGrowth webinar!
Bored...I guess I will take a nap.
I can't wait til this weekend!!
Watching the stoning of soraya n eating raspberries.
Meds got me doctorwsy!!
Words may sting, but silence is what breaks the heart...
Thanks Les!
Pretty happy about it!
Always absolutely amazing is killing it!
cupcakes; their like heaven wrapped in paper3
LOL!
You are funny!
CLIPPERS BEST BET IS TO TRY AND STEAL GAME 2.
I'd rather be with you, but you are not around.
So imma call somebody else and see if they be down.
Great!
Getting me all hurried to print them .
When professorssionals or friends get selfish or needy, it always sets the stage for trouble.
Think right.
Do right.
Period.
Lead me by your truth and teach me, for you are the God who saves me.
All day long I put my hope in you.
Psalm 25:5
Lol its my 2 favorite teams with 4 of my top 5 favorite players you can't ask me to choose sides lol
hahaha yeah it'll be comedy though regardless.
Sometimes I just apply for jobs that'll never happen for me logically, because the universe loves a dare.
And HR loves a laugh.
This week, I get my jaw unwired, get my hair cut and finally see all my friends after a monthlong exile.
I don't think I'm ready :/
excited 4 your new season 2nite love that u share your gift  give grieving hearts peace would love 2 c u!
3mymom
I'm working on a new TV show/youth dvpt program  was wondering how I could get a write up from the Patch, plz guide me!
You are a classy guy Eddie, I wish you greatness 14 weeks a year.
looks like a Ferengi from Star Trek.
take pictures
nothing online yet, but most of my songs are in the key of G or E if that helps!
Talent alone cannot make a writer.
There must be a man behind the book.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Hope your students have done well in admissions this year!
Why does 96.7 and 97.5 play the exact same songs?
The radio is soo annoying!
1.01 QUOTE OF THE DAY: If you really want to do something, you will find a way, if you don't, you will find an excuse.
It's a shame your liver can't take context into account.
Wish I could watch Darjeeling Limited right now.
So much beauty to inspire my slumbering thoughts.
oh ya check ya dm
The Lincoln Tunnel we meet again.
Just want to go to sleep, but this game is too good...
I can't stop these spam emails about raprock musicians updating their rsums.
I wish I never signed up for LinkedIn Park.
We need a fresh approach.
Mary Burke, Madison School Board candidate at noon Rotary
: ThatFeelingYouGetWhen you fart and a lil bit of shit comes outhow exactly does that feel?
Be honest with us, brain...
thanks for liking Marie
you hashtag Zach?
PHP would benefit immensely from a logo redesign.
Living is determined not so much by what life brings to you as by the attitude you bring to life
Good morning, handsome.
:
Santee city council gives kudos to Santana Sultans football team on their CIF champion runnerup season...
it's the best feeling!
:P I always seem to have like 3 shows REALLY close together and then nothing for months
things will get better.
I know it's hard but you can do it!
You're strong.
You're not better off dead
Impossible not to love Conan's monologues sticking it to NBC.
Have a marvelous Monday!
Timmy does it again....
We agree.
Transit Not Tolls!
there is no way you are 44 you look much younger !!!!!
No, trivia is on Tuesday.
So fucking glad Community is getting a fourth season, even if it's a short one.
4 years ago i got shot!
went in one way and came out the other!
blessed!
I should know better :/
Excited to enjoy the culinary talents of private chef at our Kickoff Event.
Join us on Monday and eat like a Pacer!
Lebron represents everything wrong, he makes me sick.
Effing lay off teachers, while these assholes make millions.
Congratulations to Ana and Don Cleveland, recipients of the Medical Library Association's 2010 Ida and George Elliot Prize!
If you pray on the weak to survive you are a bully, but only the strong survive so don't be a
I follow first 25 people to follow hurry
Watching the 'Wood'
that's good :
If a tree falls in the forest, away from internet access, and you can't tweet about it, did it really happen?
yup yup!
But funfetti cake is always a good treat lol :P
why stress
Murder bag
it is only the 7th inning...
dsoc slaleads hard times  the time to stregthen relationships, not hunker down  Janice
Thanks for the RT!
Thad Jones  Coleman Hawkins.
Your opinion wasn't an integral part of the invitation selection process?!
Today's BTU inspiration: The best mindaltering doctorg is truth.
Lily Tomlin
Did you get it fixed?
Admit it when we were little, I'm going to tell your mom!
was the scariest sentence ever.
u r beautiful
Fuck a duck
Top 5 things on my bucket list: wrestle a bear wrestle Dolly Parton own a midget kick a baby be featured on a herpes commercial
Hal Harrison Is Awesome !!!
I wake up at 5am to finish hw because I'm a loser
Don't you just hate it when a fat oompa loompa runs away from willy wanka and gets pregnant?
Give me gum gum !
Dumb dumb !
Sunshine  Chrome Rims...Perfect Combination!!Hahaaaaa
This weather couldn't suck anymore donkey dick!
Wtf man
You sound like methe only trouble is storing them!
My injuries don't hurt until I realize I have them...
Service in the cause of humanity belongs naturally to women.
We cannot take the sword to defend the right; we must aid by holier means
Meditating on the mechanics of truth  honesty,  acting upon the art of automobile maintenance so I can go with the flow  move forward.
Come on in!
RT : We should do lunch at the in Santa Monica or Brentwood.
I bet we would have a blast.
Some places saw high winds, knocking down several tree limbs.
Video at 11 on
Flight of the Conchords is coming to Overture Hall in April.
Tix onsale this Saturday and will sell out almost instantaneously.
Hustle!
:
just sit topless!!!
LOL
Treme may be an acquired taste, but it's worth it.
Catch up with the character's development, and dig the music.
Australian Kiss: Just like a French Kiss but down under
Mariah Carey is like twice Justin Bieber's age...
this is the most awkward duet in history.
How to use your flex spend acct for Acupuncture ://us1.campaignarchive2.com/?u67da29aab79474b4c34ea3a3bidf94e872051e3431abdfbf
And when calls are not of decent quality over public WiFi, what can I do?
The promotion of the need for the church, the political invention of the confessional, etc.
The promise of an afterlife  puns about it.
Looking forward to awesome trip to DMV.
Hear Algiers in the fastest?
bet.
Yall on the hills in stuff?
thanks for the follow!
You check us out yet!?
I have my fb, twitter  linked in linked 2gether
Do not forget to check out the GIS Smart Grid Blog
jesus.
I live them too but the set lists aren't THAT much different.
AC was enough for me last year
HAHAH NO!!!
cassie donahue I know we had a ton more pictures than what you have on fb
haha, okay god.
Baja Fresh in La Crescenta is a dirty mess!
And slow...
RT Just finished watching Springsteen live in London.
The festival crowd was.............unimpressed.
No reason to be
Talking 2 the kids, visiting w/ my oldest friend, dining and dancing w/ new friends, sharing the open space w/ the ducks...
A great weekend!
Thanks for the RT!
Sean, are you participating?
:
Lol I forgot you tweeted this!!!
Gosh I love you girl RT : Out with the famous where is
Did I seriously get a demerit today for doctornking water during school assembly?
Gotta love private school.
I used to use Firework a lot for wireframes, but then switch to InDesign, but them went to hand sketching, Balsalmic, or axure.
Ops...Todd Park at health care, not Peter.
Dang it mistake, HHS .
He's fabulous, even if I don't know his name.
It's Thursday.
Time to jumpstart your weekend.
Lots of cool things happening in Indy today/ tonight.
Stay posted.
Tweet tips
I want her and Zayn back together!
It's all about Geneva not Perrie!
I'll be MUCH Happier if Geneva and, Zayn did go back :
I just really don't wanna do this psych paper.
Loving the  Siri commercials.
Smart casting Apple!
WTF!
frank  read what i just sent you !
look at you having more followers than following
awesome!
Great song choices.
COME CHECK OUT THE REMODEL!!!!
COME CELEBRATE THE GRAND OPENING WITH US!!!!!!!!
dude don't know or care about all the hate u get, but u rock..
Enjoy some bird....
Good Q.
Hey, , where is the mag available in Central Texas?
Time to start planning the week...
Don't work too hard!!
If you wait until all the lights are green before you leave home, you'll never get started on your trip to the top.
Zig Ziglar
haha i'm ok with that fact.
that movie and those girls were outrageous!
Braverman.
Sarah, preferably.
totally agree my friend.
More offerings of grace and you get more understanding and forgiveness.
ivealwayswantedto think something into existence
If I make it that far I'll come back for you!
Cute icon.
Hell YEAH!!!
I got good news and I'm gamer satisfied : Can't do it every night but it was fun LAST NIGHT!
HA!!
Is it like a creative thing?
If so pretend you are a flapper in the 1920s...
Is that allowed?
Do you know what a flapper is?
Recognizing your wife on Mothers Day...Now THAT's a defense of marriage act I support.
Steady fight my sleep.
Then I bitch about being raccoon faced.
Looking to get into music business?
Are u Smart, personable  reliable?
Avail a fair amount of ThursSun?
email asap!
can you send me email
Happy Mother's day tomorrow to all my favorite moms.
you know who you are.
I ate my weight in junk food today.
Ugh.
BBQ place here has something called the 4Boner on the menu.
Submitted w/o comment.
barely beat a bunch of nerds, good luck
Had to look that up.
Is this consistent with yesmen antics?
Still don't get it.
Where dem bad bitches at
Patrick Lalime would be proud of Brian Elliott's performance in the Semifinals
ah she Lola just like you
oomf is a dick
haha.
Sounds legit bro.
I'm sure Scott can use some of his connections at BYU to get us some interviews.
Title: Jimmer'd?
The Avengers was stellar however I still think TDKR will cater more to me.
I'm a Batman kid.
Still great work here by all.
Hat tip Whedon!
someone figured out emoticons
The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends towards Justice.
doctor MartinLutherKing, Jr.
Soda's are sugar water and so are most juices so try and stick to doctornking water.
It's the best thing for you and it's not empty calories
RT : Congratulations to on his Spot News photo award with the NY Press Club!
Avengers was AWESOME.
But now I want to play Galaga and eat shawarma.
At pho 36 in avon.
Awesome service and the pho is delicious.

thoroughly explained the options that were offered and what it would cost.
professorssional  knowledgeable.
Rose, first time customer
My new phone was so fast and then i started downloading apps....
v.
excited, anyway!
Saw roughcut of 9 minutes.
Awesome!
It's tricky being in a film you direct.
How do you do it?
You have to have helpful eyes out there.
Will be doing lots of FF's today :
'Like' if you listen to Falling in Reverse.
I need to know how many people there are before I post the link.
Sara
Eric Sims:The elevator to recovery is out of order, you'll have to take the stairs, one step at a time.
I bet a good chunk went to her shoe collection.
love the phrase, lonely and talented.
that's a poem waiting to happen.
Good luck from Austin
AH, TELL HER I SAID HAPPY BIRTHDAAY :
Kobe vs Japan....all we need is Godzilla to show up now, let's see what's up fellas
just gotta do what you gotta
Morning sex is the best way to start your day !
True....
so I'm really bored right now...
um just at the crib board dats all....
you know you were thinking it:
From what I can tell, the movie's gonna be about a little boy with no dad who wants to be a superhero.
So, same thing.
The one thing that irritates me is when some guy thinks he's good enough for my best friend.
Your not!
Your a jerk, so get the heck away!
Wondering how can look so pretty in every picture shes in!
When some is lazy and makes excuses for it.
Birch get up and do it yourself.
RIP Leslie Cochran
I made it my mission this week to destroy you on Foursquare.
Mission accomplished.
Merry Christmas and happy Holidays everyone!
Being 1/2 Norwegian,I cook Lutefisk and lefse with Krumkake cookies Christmas eve.
Merry Christmas Everyone!
Have a wonderful christmas!
3 
I'm a huge fan I love u soo much and u r soo cute and ur such a great actor 333
Sad girl
Lets see if Cro Cop taught Igor his infamous headkick.
haha I'll stretch you out again!;
Thanks, Rach!
Always a pleasure consulting with you and Riley.
:
We are so glad you could join us and enjoyed the luncheon!
oh man!
I saw Zumanity like three years ago in Vegas and I loved it.
Mark's a smart guy!
Have fun!
Having either A:tendinitis or B:slight achilles tear makes walking through wegmans pre super bowl not so pleasant.
As an attorney, I feel the odds are at least 10 to 1 that the answer to your question is maybe.
Success is a team sport.
Surround yourself with people who are highachievers.
They will spur you on to bigger and greater things.
Keeping my eyelids open is like my 3rd exam of the day  I'm failing miserably!
New research shows a daily aspirin may help prevent and treat cancer.
thank you!!
27 on my algebra homework was hard x3
IDGAF!
Shut up BITCH!!!
was in by 1:20...
A new world record.
Used my super sneaky doctorving skilz...
LOL
Oh and tell your momma Happy Mother's Day!!
:
This cherry berry chiller is a killer
One more day left for you to come take advantage of our anniversary doctornk specials!
Open tomorrow 8am to 5pm:
A new video from our Heroic Journey program was just posted...it's very powerful
TGIFF: Thank God it's Fajita Friday!
Whatcha doing for dinner tonight?
Who's in?
If you didn't get it right last year remember we serve a God of second chances.
Happy New Year!
Summer is here, do you have an outdoor kitchen?
visit WWW.blackforestremodelandtile.com to learn more
: This is the worst group of candidates running for anything I ever saw.
I pray for a brokered convention at this point.
yeah : I think he's passing the work back now :b
Did you miss the 1st special performance by du Soleil  doctorpa?
Follow xeroxdoctorpa for details of the next one hall 8b
The Black Keys give me a boner.
Presenters in each session will have access to a webconnected computer terminal and projector at THATCamp Columbus to share files/sites.
hey, gotta help where I can..
When we off we off but when we ball we BALL OUT!!
thanks so much man!
We really appreciate the love!
Please share with your friends!
RT : What say ?
MT Carlos would be an improvement.Carlos the Racing Chorizo
I just did an Insanity workout and I havent had ice cream in 3 days.
Something is wrong.
i love how i still get text messages from friends informing me that wmyb is on the radio
I hope they do!
Or go to HHI 2012
looking for ways to give back to your community in 2012?
Find out how you can help atrisk teens!
IgniteJoe Manos6 must haves for direct marketing campaignsfind it on www.tginc.com/ignite
Lol they Gym Make up Tweet...
Dude U Crazy..
Rice Owls 4, UCF 2, the final.
Owls are in the championship game Saturday night against .....Houston Cougars!.
Happy Saturday fans!
Anyone attending any super sweet concerts this weekend?
Is anyone aware of any locally owned office supply stores in Lakeview/Lincoln Park area?
Particularly looking for printer ink :
Well played, sir.
: You nearly had CNN fooled!
great blog by the way checking it out now!
If ur down  FQF, I'm on a panel with  the Mint 3pm!
Then check out Trombone Shorty 5:45pm.
2012  Year of the Trombone!
Watching from Water for People
thanks 4 following me Modeling is my passion Facebook apriss the model  April lakergirl Bynum FF also me
Thanks for the follow!
Happy Friday :
Back to Back!!
Salty!
What is your favorite scene from The Avengers?
Hark Facebook fans say it's the scene between The Hulk and Loki.
i dnt like no more either honestly...
Thts y i stick to gay man on law n order
Ain't that special.
Two tasks.
Bring back a W and a new HC!
Enjoy!
Happy New Year.
So my oneyearold son now calls his mom mommy and calls me mommy.
Scandal is good, but getting weird...
a good death?
its otay : next time fersure c:
Facebook bought Instagram...
Twitter is still my favorite
It would be impossible to describe how I feel about in one tweet.
With his presidential run ending, all I can say is thank you.
all day??
How about in years??
Hello  earth to monish?
I think everyone should experience defeat at least once during their career.
You learn a lot from it.
Congrats to the new Master P, !
try optic orange.
It works.
As a consumer, youve been conditioned by advertising to believe that the end of the month is the best time to buy a vehicle
April 20th: Come to Las Cruces Hispano Chamber of Commerce's 20th Annual Banquet feat.
NOSOTROS
wow u sure do cuss alot!!!
Sent you a message on FB  wondering about something for a student!
Call in today and get 1000 business cards for only 29.99.Call today and have your cards by Friday.7205426105.The Global Elements!
no it's hotter then a bitch!!
yes ok
Wow, shocking!
I never knew that!
But I knew that Bret Michaels of Poison was a diabetic.
Thanks.
I'm just worried about doctornking at this point, not who comes to graduation haha.
Ok Nuggets gotta do it here!!!
Send them fuckers packing!!
not bad so far...
Near LA now.
Instagram coming soon :
Thanks for the shout out, Rob!
Much appreciated!!
Daniel Pinks' Free Agent Nation a good look at emerging work trends but technologically dated...of course pub in 2001
guys do it too :
Prosser, The Jud Commission is trying to accomplish through this prosecution what some of its members failed to achieve at the ballot box.
i cannot wait for baseball tonight.
and i do not mean the tv show.
Wow, you people on Twitter are fast.
Can social media be used for the social good?
great post and thanks for sharing
Worst music for the NFC game
me too .
are you going to the fights Saturday?
:
A little hottie.
A must follow
s are impressed by strippers cakes and fakeNbake...fill in the blank
Hunter Hayes has some of the cutest and sweetest songs..
smiling that you favorited our tweet.
Thanks!
Today was a beautiful day spreading positivity.
Definitely need to make that move to Philly...
Okay.
Some people in this world is pathetic.
SOLDIERS ARE HEROS!!!!!
Ugh.
Why are there 751 differences between my bootstrap.css file from a while ago and the one I just downloaded from github?
Much appreciate your mentions:
let's see .
If I make that  it will be .
If not they were idiots and it was a waste .
Lol
how as last night?
I just took a moment to look at my mommy...
She rolls out of the bed beautiful.
Geez.
Lol Happy Mother's Day!!!!!
I love that Amanda Tanner isn't some pictureperfect uberyoung hottie.
Very 42.
Death is actually the second most common fear among people these days  The first being failure.
Wow!
This dude next to me just parked and hit the car in front of him!
He smiles and says GoodDay to me!
Lmao!
Just returned from Palm Beach.
Was welcomed warmly.
It was a good visit.
Temple Emanuel of Palm Beach is an exceptional synagogue!
HAHAHA I wasn't but I really should
That would definitely count as the Annexation of Puerto Rico.
i never want to move again...
catching up on the new svu i missed last night
oh right, that.
I knew that....
I did, but she doesn't know who's group i'm in!
Gah.
Marissa Alexander learned her numerous motions for a retrial To the Florida Court were denied by Circuit Court Judge James Daniel.
A Canuck wins the Kentucky Derby.....wow
That could have been bad.
Ha!
That's pretty much how it's done.
c y'all n france 4 the 3rd beyond borders diversity in cannes filmmaker symposium!
Go Christian!
Rep the HSPLO!
good!
I went bus hopping, now im at the cluster meet
I brought a book and a chair...the dogs bring the entertainment.
Hurricane!!!
Come back!
Nyc has been no good to you.
First the heat, then the quake, now this
See, I tweeted you.
Whew!
Stevie and now Paul...Ebony and Ivory, perhaps?
Confronting the big empty...
Holy hell, !
You're pulling out all the stops with the how bout that coffee spot.
If she says no, we'll go!
No time for a market trip today, must forage something palatable from chickpeas, canned salmon,  a sweet potato.
Better chefs have failed.
Working on some custom designs for The Girlfriend Season!
I am!
and Hooray!
How about you?
RT : Straw poll: who's around Memorial Day weekend?
And how do you feel about picnics?
Thank you for the follow Daniel
for who I want to be nosy lol
hay girl
Wow, throws one heck of a party!
Even though my ping pong team lost in the first round, I had a great time.
Just witnessed: SlappingTheNoodle in OP.
had a great time at neaspring10 !
ahahah yes i do and i already have
It's the truth.
Guess you got to deal with it now.
Did you have a smokin hot time??
: RT : Think Ima get ready 2 head down 2  see what's goin' on
Which product is this?
Is it Lash Extend or a new one?
No matter how ugly, lousy or stupid you look, theres always a person who wouldnt care how you look because they want you to be you.
Thank you for getting a double double and helping my fantasy team!
Headed to the airport in style thanks to I'm all for public transit, but when time is tight, you can't beat this!
I MIGHT follow you if you make a good comment and national personality RT's you.
I will never follow you if they RT you begging for it
I'm the bee's knees.
Lol
Remember me as the one who got away..
it hinges on the fact that you'll empathize w/ the douchey pretenders but you never do.
Falls flat entirely around the 3rd act
Attn people with couples avi's, just stop
lol well its how u make me fill but its all sexy lol
I just got a silk sport coat from The Chess King!
All my plans got ruined for this weekend.
Sorry for my weak twitter game lately guys.
I've been busy with other things going on.
Still trying to
Haha.
Well played.
Including the AP Conference: 17 days of school left.
Oh the durantula
We're looking for a 90's Jagenberg 105 folder gluer...if you have one for sale or tradein toward a new gluer, call me asap!
888BRAUSSE
oh yeah i forgot she likes to creep.
Good morning everyone!
At the Rangers Ballpark in Arlington 
RT: People better leave me the fuck alone cuzo u good
2011 is just around the corner.
wohoo!!
Morning to you!
Happy hump day!
RT : Mornin all!
great article on Sylvia Earle Alliance website, and thanks for promoting our event.
Michael, Thank you for the RT!!
Triple double watch?
Terrence Jones has 6 rebounds, 6 assists, 1 point at half.
great story!
I want to read a Rhino penned scifi book!
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught.
guess it must be really late because butcrack
doctornking wine out of a mug like the classy lady I am!
follow y new ig
If you have dope music send a pic and ur music to and if it is hot we'll post it!
WE appreciate your interest, but We're not promoting the new chef yet.
Msg for ?'s
How do we learn the results?!?!
Tha band will expose ya if
The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.
Best sick day ever 
Hope you had a gr8 Passover/Easter  THx for the sweet tweets last week:
Can you ask to unblock me, please?
Please tell her I would like to be friends with her.
yea I just found my iPhone so Imma strt now haha
That awkward momment when one of the Olsen twins is talking about God O.o
Good hitting and great plays keeping the fans into it on a chilly day at Cashman Field for the Rangers vs Cubs game
This is going to be a lot easier then I thought :
Thanks for the follow Matthew.
If you're interested in funding the release of a project for our launch, we'd love to talk!
i want to sit on the porch and read for fun in this glorious weather, but I guess reading for school will have to do.
Woke up early  I feel so well rested.
Ready to start my day :
Jim Collins has my full attention.
He wrote, The critical distinction is not between business  social, but between great and good.
In the lab with and listening to records.
Haha, Why do I picture Alec Baldwin or Scott Glenn saying Crazy Frank?
Chris Young, first AB in No.
2 spot, takes Lincecum deep.
Better believe we here to praise god.
I guarantee you will get a ring before the self proclaimed 
A Meijer loaf of bread.
Delicious : RT : Hey foodies  what is the last bread product you ate?
Andoctorid users: Any apps I should/can disable from autostarting in order to save memory?
Sometimes All A Girl Really Needs Is A Big Hug  To Hear You Say I Love You 
Do you have a friend in your life that needs a scented makeover, and you just don't know how to tell them?
Start with one of these.....
Rahm Emanuel elected Mayor of Chicago tonight
MayB  , the Jets will use in the 4th QTR only?
Then will have something to talk about
Went to Sam's Club today I got a chill hub for my laptop,and a bunch of other stuff!I made rotinni w/sausage.
I jus fucked on her back.lol she took it like a pro.
What are all the colors you've dyed your hair?
We loves you too!
Thanks for watching!
sounds like she is alot more pissiethen Aaron was but she is a bengals fan THATSUCKS
s/o to ta homie for the 1 album in the country North Carolina Stand Up!!!
So maybe he just meant his own world was ending  then got the date wrong by a few weeks.
That's understandable.
Why would Newt be pushing for no attack ads ?
Ohh, he doesn't want people to remember all the crap he has done...
we get what we deserve
There is no greater butthurt in all of MLB than the hurt the east coast media has that Felix Hernandez pitches in Seattle.
thetop5lieswomentell I usually don't do this.....
Lmaooo
Another born star has had their shining light burned out.
That light, along with others, still reveal a beauty their Creator formed.
An Art
Just Another Day!
Not just another day.
But, this is the day that God has place on your heart to give back to our future leaders of tomorrow
so you hate cody cause you think he's copying Justin?
It's FRIDAY!!!
Im gonna text you right now!!; Oh wait I dont have your number
No doubt, we will.
We've got some awesome ATLarea BBQ friends: , ,
In san fransisco for the day!
same her web c; cause we badasss
Pythagoras In anger we should refrain both from speech and action.
that moment when you try to fix something..
but you make it worse than it already was
hay stephen how are you doing??????
hahaha and time too!
Jesus has paid the price in full at the cross, but we must count the cost to follow Him.
I really appreciate the RT!
Thanks a bunch.
:
RT : Being a social media expert  advising on marketing is like a tire expert trying to sell cars, some are good.
Most suck.
Bout to see horrible bosses....
Charlie Day do me proud
We need your help choosing the most spirited men and women in red.
Vote or like your favorites in the Wear Red Day Challenge by 2/24...
I once doctorssed as Colette, but no one knew who that was.
It's best to make it obvious with props included.
I'll follow anybody who hates jag offs.
Loved seeing you guys back in the day in Pitt.
Including in a Pitt lecture hall.
totally in love with dubstep.
grannystep!
heeeeyyyy girl!
hope you had a good day!
yep!
im stoked.
plan on getting 'totaled' haha
What you keep for yourself, you lose.
What you give away, you keep forever.
So true!
: RT its just something about a nice gold glass of tampico
I agree
Next goal.
A new 15 minute set for next Friday.
Might not do anything today considering what happened yesterday
s/o to public twitter accounts..
liked it?
I loved it, such a fun song, can't wait to get our webbed feet on it and play it on Froggy 104.9 in Frankfort, KY
VA: veterans are tremendously over medicated.
you're so silly.
Lol
thank you!
:D
Lol, same goes here!
RT : I'm all about making today easy.
HNY!
is my new official email greeting.
You heard it here first.
Everryonne at my school has an IPhone  im here with my slide phonee..
That's what happens when the refs adhere to the rules, Bears win!
why do people smoke weed give me one good reason?
Note to self: Don't look at Pinterest while on a detox.
RT : Lmfaoo nigga be rolling biscuits and humming negro spirituals at the same damn time.
lol.
That isn't really the point...
All this porn on my TL.
Oh my gosh haha but I can't seem to look away lol.
shrugs
Hi there.
Miss you.
Blessings.
Thank you, just submitted them.
Isisnt the autobiography of Mark Twain one of the largest books ever written?
Let us fast forward to 9:30
I gotta try it!
whats going on I'm about to pee my pants
Hey you.
Yeah, you.
I miss you.
Everybody's starry eyed 
RT : WHOOT!
WHOOT!
Coalition of the Willing wins Best Short Film at SF Green Film Fest.
Congratulations everyone!...
24 hours to Cyprus.
Very excited.
Hey you should follow me!
: Miss you guys!
Happy Winter Jam!!
is currently under lockdown due to activity in the area.
Y members and campers are safe.
Avoid the area.
Meditation is food for the mind, body and spirit.
Looking at SDCC schedule for next week!!
The Zombie and Nerd fest is near :D If your going...What is the one thing you are dying to see?
Kellin Quinn c;
CrossFit is like fine art  critiqued by many but understood by few
: for breakfast today i had a bagel and a glass of i hate everyone.
bought me a leopard print snuggie!!!!!!!!
Please follow back?:
Monday is all ways a good day
Thanks for the FF......not sure if I'm coming back to Twitter.
Bored with it actually.
:
You would know, wouldn't you?
QT Ignorant,vicious abuse lowers whole society, maybe shows real social decay.
Donell Mitchell's boys are killing it!!
You wouldn't need a chute as long as u land on a crowd as tightly packed as the Ballroom in Milwaukee!
RT : Brees should be highest paid QB even if u don't think he's the best.
Brady  Manning both had less leverage.
TY so much for the twitter love blog!
We are thrilled that we were able to help and that you took the time to blog about it!
it took me a while to remember that lyric from Journey....
Song got stuck in my head and couldn't remember the Title...
Hey sister, please know my tone was not meant to be defensive.
I don't think they're perfect but not as flawed as others say
we definitely gottacolab.I'm still gun shy from snow that killed me All Star  Super Bowl weekend consecutive years in Dallas.Lol
is their Twitter.
They aren't open yet!
It's such an honor to have a staple in our Hip Hop community recognize my work.
you are THE BIZNESS I love you girl.
Thank U
Went shopping yesterday, and Alaap didn't like how skinny a pair of jeans were...
So Joe bought them for himself.
And you can see his nuts.
YOU'RE OLD!
Today is the LAST DAY to send in your Valentine's Day Love Eternal Dedications for our special show!!
Info here: on.fb.me/wLSmL5
Can't wait to get on that plane tomorrow for ALC12  steamy hot NOLA, here I come....
Just cut my hair :
studying for french someonetextme?
that would be pleasant.
Just curious, what makes this worth the asking price of 1,600?
or maybe I should say just ignorant?
I know right?
And I guess he's still picketing until he's allowed to eat all the fish he can eat
Ah it's so hard to believe some girls actually look like this, so pretty it's hard to believe it's them XD
No doubt.
Have a great time!
ff Day1: have a blast.
Take awesome shots
lol  you sound just like my best friend in college!
Any chance you are obsessed with Gatorade as well?
Who wins, wins.
Cloud opens up the field of participants in Law and Legal Services delivery.
Momentum for LPO builds.
LMAO omg i know i have to find a way to block webmd on my computer so i can never go on it
You need to get yourself a seat on the team charter.
Conflict of interest not important here.
Your sleep is.
Blake back in!
ok mom :p i'll get on that
About to get my first tattoo today.
It's the symbol :
True....We Are One People, Scattered....Much Love....Shalom, MHNCB on video The ArabIsraeli Controversy from Israel United In Christ  ht
I just pulled out vols 13 of the gateway reader in preparation for my exams.
xavtotherescue?
BREAKING: DONALD doctorVER IN DWTS FINALS!
HELL YEAH!!!!!!!!!!!
I might.
Thanks for the invite!
When isn't she?!
Haha.
My friend was late this morning!
And I thought she's gonna ditch me!
She know's that I'm gonna be mad at her if she did!
Lol.
;
ThingsIGottaTeachMySon the difference between hoes n women....
Cuz these hoes will put on if u let em
Championship Night !
good honey...just going through career transition.
Study hard so u can work smart ;D
You constantly remind me why I shouldnt talk to you
I KNOW OMG.
I wonder if he would think we were cute?!
OMG I WOULD DIE.
and okay:
mobile media  marketing will take directmail global
looking forward to today's PrivChat, particularly on PatriotAct issues and libraries!
RT : 300th to RT will get signed ball from DS Game 1 starter MLBFC Watch Postseason on now.
Holy crap.
This is now my new obsession.
You saying that was one of the best moments of my life!
RT : got an offer to use a friends kayak but may wait until spring.
There's only a matter of time b4 that storm hits!
Border Lords 2 canceled.
Water in the Art Museum.
Fell out of a golf cart
yeah they catch the fade
Badger basketball with a nice road win, 6360 over the
Hell yes Marquette!
That was very stressful to watch
stuffed who wants to help with the tree and decorations?
Certified Coolness, thanks for following!
D.
Spanos must not be a real Greek.
My uncle Dean fired me for getting him the wrong doughnut.
Gainful Employment is what it will finally come down to in 2012, or, 2014!
Most folks prefer job opportunities, not unemployment or cutbacks
Today's NY Times crossword turns a new corner in puzzles.
Purple Monday!!
Oh I meant in the conferencebut with a win last night it technically puts us in 2nd I hate the 13 seeds because Florida is shit
Long time no talk!!
Thank you!
Miss you!
:
I heard someone was saying awful things about you :
I still think there's too many students here given how lovely today is.
Haha u get one lil G Check and now u dnt know how to act trynna 67 my fone
Just looking at you makes me sick to my stomach
Rehearsal break.
Cranking through it.
Opens Feb 11th www.theatrecompany.biz.
I kept thinking to myself...
When is Austin finally going to have a concert in Los Angeles...and now it's coming true and I can't believe it
I won't think about that now....I'll think about that tomorrow....
GCB: stereotypical exaggeration of southern culture and accents.
This is no replacement for Housewives.
Predict this show won't last.
Exactly.
This time it'll be different!
I have that same issue except its inside somewhere.
Thanks for the RT and the compliment!
Don't forget to be there Saturday the 26th!
We're auctioning off the brand new Xbox Elite 250GB Console to kick things off!
To increase postproduction fees I know a photographer who gave away Oreo cookies in his waiting room beforehand Claimed it worked everytime
So true!
Tune in to our 24/7 solo piano stream at SoloPiano.com!
Museums Advocacy Day!
But I might be done with meetings by 4 what do you have in mind?
Sorry I'm so MIA this week!
I swear, I'm a riot x'D
Me too.
It deserves to be trended.
I totally saw that coming as soon as I saw my typo published : lol
For a unit on FilAm kids lit?
RT Re/reading Lakas and the Manilatown Fish and Lakas and the Makibaka Hotel
you are!
that joke cracks me up everytime.
I think my brother just called me dear.
Oh gosh xD
all your screaming at is yourself...WHOOHOO TO ME...lol.so why scream do you think if you scream they will notice you?
My only qualms with the movie of POA were with the script.
The fault lies with Steve Kloves for that, not Alfonso.
Haha thanks my man.
sounds like a perfect situation for
You here?
cinnamon apple spice herbal tea  nice.
I saw you, briefly, at the theater!
you looked like you were on a mission.
:
Hell of a week for 2 for 2 on new business and celebrating our 72nd quarterly carrot bonus tomorrow.
I might work in the grad office...
I need a computer.
So many questions...
Cream of potato and French Onion soup today, plus it's your last chance to try our Penne Carbonara that's been on special all week!
Congratulations on your new position with !
Heil family: Parents WERE NOT among five passengers recovered yesty in Italian cruise ship disaster.
Thanks for the RT, Scott!
I don't understand this one days its all nice an warm an then the next its really cold no bueno at all socal not nice
Di won't watch it because it's demeaning to women.
with Linus on my plane I'm pacing!
no im not
I wanna be a porn star .
I am home YAY!
Morning David.
Wishing you well this Monday.
4 Weeks till we record.
Can't wait!
My Daddy is singing on NPR tonight.
You should probably listen.
Ahh I think I'm going to wear my awesome new blue Sperrys to bed.
I'm in love!!
3
Congratulations to EVA members Joy Hancock who placed 6th  Janis Therault who placed 4th in 's Orange Rose Contest!!!!!
Looking for an EXCELLENT Real Estate Agent in San Diego??
Call Robert Colello  8584873520.
Tell him Bryan  Farmers referred you!
I had a feeling Harden was going to get doctorpped in this game.
when bones started kissing booth at the crime scene ;
Milwaukee tobeweds, did you know features sweet wedding deals?
Wanting to take a motorcycle ride off in the woods!
There's other fish in the sea.
Fish that love giving blowjobs.
at least you tried.
Sounds like toothpaste tea.
Ewwww.
MyToDoList 1.Make spaceship out of pudding.
2.Achieve fame.
3.Fly to space.
4.
Eat pudding ship when time to die.
hope everyone has a safe  happy new year's eve/day!
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO MY MAMA !!!!!!!
Told you to do yourself a favor and watch Pens vs Flyers.
Philly down 30 and comes back to win 43 in OT.
Unbelievable!
The Pontatoc mine in a north Tucson neighborhood  Tucson Citizen The Pontatoc mine in a north Tucson neighborhood Tucson Citizen by Jona
I've never seen that before.
Weird.
I hope everyone caught the season finale of Breakout Kings and saw Taking Care Of business!
dead.
the boyz  bieber.
jesus.
Is it a free app?
I really feel SO limited  know I can be more productive from the ipad  just dk how.
One of the lady custodians at our school looks like the banker goblins from the first Harry Potter!
Got hit by a car and slip to the top of the car!
But didn't hurt at all!
Terrible and amazing!
RT : Chicago Cubs chairman Tom Ricketts spent about an hour walking through our exhibit today and is a fan.
ahah well not if you're on my good side!
:
Fuck.
I forgot that Edge wins.
After reading the 9 page press release on NATO street closures and other security measures, I'm doctorading it even more.
Not gonna be fun.
Doing taxes while watching hoops may be as dangerous as when I was recovering from an accident and we got back 1million more than we earned
Off with Their Heads!
Does that sound like I could be at a metal show?
Amen that sucked
BITTER ORANGE amp; BROWN: Cleveland Browns Humor, Satire ...
text me?
doctorft week is here Packers fans.
Who do you see the Packers taking?
Might be running a contest if your pick is correct!!
:
Good luck!
FYI, because our DVR hates us we are about 15 min behind on choppedallstars.
No spoilers plz
I got a new doctorss for tomorrow, but wait til you hear why...
My mom doesnt want me to do this but im gonna do it because i need to protect myself from a mistake that i dont need to show up in my life
Wat am I care about???
Is U?
I wish I could of been in 's youtube movie but,sadly I live boring texas :
Laughter is poison to fear.
George R.R.
Martin, A Game of Thrones
I can feel you, all around me.
Thickening the, air I'm breathing.
Holding on to what I'm feeling.
Savoring this heart that's healing 33
Great breakfast at the Commerce Club w/ the Women's Solidarity Society!
It's so nice to be around women who are concerning abt global women!
I have an urge to troll someone on farmville.
gee thanks :
i wanna girl who i can treat like a best friend and a girlfriend
I love how idiots gotta start rumors saying Brandon beats me!
anyone who knows him knows he wouldn't do that!
Ignorant people make me sick!
Hey pastry girls is thinking about doing a world tour retweet this with the location you want us to visit.
Retweet for VIP
all I can afford is appreciation, a small gift and card, and love!
OneThingIDontLike Tweeters who do follow other tweeters
1.75 Ground Beef and Chicken Fajita Tacos ALL DAY!!!
Wash 'em down with 2 Bud and Bud Light!
I want to cuddle now!!!!
Dopeness is going to be a house hold name people
The New Media Marketing Kit includes the following howto videos and an instructional ebook:
trying on some new songs with yft tonight.
nice to have you out in the crowd with us for a few matches too!!!
Connectivity issues will be the death of us all.
Anyone ever seen a Bruin in Boston?
No?
Ok.
: Steps To Greatness Begin With Self Motivation.
Be A Force For You and Shine!
I can dig it bro!
Can't do it this time but looking forward to the next challenge!
:
'tis fabulous!
Love the amalgam of classic  new steampunk
Is your preference spicy, tangy or sweet?
RT : That would be us!
RT : Did someone say Pulled Pork???
:
A day off to walk the course....priceless!
haha that's the same way I felt about it
No practice tomorrow
Waiting longer than 10 minutes in the rain for a bus reminds me why I eschew public transit.
or a woodchuck conference.
looks great!
You should try cashew next.
It's my fav.
Looks good to me!
RT Should I shave.
Wow those are ugly uniforms
FUUUUCK!
: Sharks point shot pinbals in off traffic in front.
San Jose up 41 with 15:24 left.
Oh, I was curious about that!
When I was buying 's New Brighton, the fellow mentioned Amulet  how is it?
give me an hour and a half to get home
You are more fun to watch than HBO.
Thank you everyone who lets me know that you are up and on your grind.
I often worry that your not.
The Will to Adorn: Philadelphia Stories of Beauty and Adornment  PFP took place on March 2, 2012
holy shit, people love to stare at me.
That's great news!
Is it too soon for you to celebrate?
Oh of course!
Thanks for the reminder about your KickStarter project, i have to sign up first before I can pledge :
I am so going running in shorts right now.
IM SAYING U REALLY CAN'T TELL THROUGH A TEXT!!
even though your calendar tells u what to expect, it's always great to wonder what's in story for the day.
Damn the lions gota beat oakland!!
: ONF!
ONF!.
Very proud.
Still love Wordpress the most but having a lot of fun exploring tumblr again.
I don't remember it being this flawless last time around.
Breaking out of the 666th tweet...
My friend got me sick.
I feel like shit
UNRB, tonight in St.
Pete, Battle of The Bands  Crums on 5th.
Band is on at 6 pm, free show.
I think I responded to all of your incredible kindness about my upcoming move ...
if I missed you, it was not an intentional slight.
THANKS!
..and none of us were there!
fuck!
I'm honored to have a photograph chosen to display in Germany this spring.
The piece was selected from a juried show at .
what's up twitters deeds.....
of course !
My new love for tea is delightfully delicious
RT : Just got off the phone with GOOD NEWS aka
TwitterAfterDark you still up and running huh?
in case ya didnt know my detective skills are off the charts.....
With KDC all day...
time well spent.
Loving him always...

nicole of of  Nick Elipulos all Gala Last Nite
your mind is so beautiful.
chase the doctoram.
just wondering, do you still have my business card?
At Woodbine Saturday, like 4 Sharons Prince and 5 Cardiac Rehab in the 9th.
M can't go wrong with Dion's on a Saturday afternoon!
Thanks!
RT  congrats !
wow great looking bike!
congrats!!
i love you 
We hope is rocking the stash once again this year.
Tebow don't let Broncos kick you to the curb.
If I can fight AGE Discrimination SEO Boston you can fight a trade.
God is Good:
really!?
Oh, you are so awesome!
Thanks so much!
You know, we have a brand new record coming out in a couple months!
digital influence is dynamic  contingent on context, not something one attains  then permanently retains.
Quantifying that is a joke
Sitting here watching Preachers Wife trying not to cry...
I so love this movie and this song...
I Blieve In You and Me...
You saved me
RHP Shaun Marcum went to a chiropractor today and said his neck is much better.
Expects to make his next start.
be there soon I'm glad your gameface is on lol
so I can send you list of artists
That bro is unstoppable, there is no hope.
Mixed feelings.
they're stealing our cattle and precious historical monuments!!!!
You wouldn't think so if you let me get that bass boat.
RT : RT if you actually played a team sport for school
i call you cute, hot and beautifull!
I love you so mutch!
Are you in a Direct Sales program?
Have your corporate office contact us about adding all the reps to our directory!
great show on Friday!
What a tapper you are!
HEY GUYS, give us some ideas for singing  music writing.
INSPIRE US.
CHEERS.
:D
Gym Class Heroes tomorrow night in Chicago!
Let mister Chauffeur doctorve  we'll be sure to play you Stereohearts on the way!...
Manny Harris went straight up and made a contested jumper without leaning back.
That's how he has to shoot.
Great win for the browns today, wish I could have watched but had to work.
I think I'm up to 8 now!!!
lol poor mom
thanks for the follow!
Cant work out tommorrow , my body was over exshausted today :
Awesome!
Did any of the Pit Bulls find homes this weekend?
Thanks to everyone who follows Solutions Mortgage!
The way this game is going, Ike Davis is gonna come up with the bases loaded and do something other than pop up to short.
Thanks marketing team for muffins, cookies to celebrate birthday and my belated one.
yum!
Did you see what my BOYS did to Boston the other day 18 runs baby.
He disrespected the whole state of California by saying he gonna get niggas to rape fab
told myself no boys for a year, but here I am falling for him  his adorable self c:
1995 The CDC published findings on a new deadly strain of virus appearing near Kinshasa.
They called it the Ebola Virus.
I like tying actors to different movies theyve been in.
SERIOUSLY?!
my books just cost more than my rent did.
Yay for finding them cheaper on line and returning them.
:
we get notoriously poor reception in the restaurant, but appreciate your check in efforts!
Note to self: Don't fly United ever again cuz they don't have any problems losing your luggage.
TSOINY is at Amoeba Records LA!
Have i found heaven on earth?
I was right the first time.
JSOnline tweaking and freaking a little.
Now the site is down.
And up.
And all woo.
Word Nerd Factoid: The study of the nature of values and value judgments is called axiology.
20 off all surley bikes!
Come and get 'em!
just saw the BOYZ on shake it up y'all killed
TOMORROW FOR ME!!!!
RT World, you will be changed in about an hour when I pickup my iphone.
Anyone need 5000 cans of spam?
When I was young thought bad idea, now at 50 wish I had the money
awkward moment when im on my twitter and i see you tweeted my name wrong
: Trouble in cupcake land.
oh my.
Coupon people are crazy, but thank goodness they give their goods to charity!!
Today, I lay it all on the line...
Is necessary to attain those things.
Two very different concepts and types of people.
that are often mistaken for each other
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH LETS HAVE NO FRIENDS TOGETHER!
yes, that would be great if you were; maybe we could play some music together!
Wow...
would someone please explain John Kerry's face right now?
thanks but neither have I, that was a complete power walk.
:
just ask about working during vacation!
your weird as fuck.your fake.and you think your cool.oh...and your ugly.makeup doesnt make a girl pretty last time i checked.
Always Remember to: SMILE, even through your tears!
Austin i love u
I just want to be nice and tight.
LOL.
Toned and healthy, you know?
RT : what's your goal?
One that inspires and supports ones will instead of trying break or destroy ones will is a leader Thomas Bruzzesi, 2012 Presidential Cand
Endangered Truth: Cicero's first law of history is now routinely broken by the fanatical as a necessity of
Let's see some Pgh, minimal nutsack though haha
Dear Anthony Tomas Li, I miss you sir.
You need to come to CA : please and thank you 3 Love, Jordan Lynn DeVore
JUST PUT ON JUSTIN
The lucky one looks so perfect 
Chickens, yes.
Roosters, no.
I'd like to say it's due to progressive Philly zoning code, but it's opposite.
Thanks for wakn me up u know who you are smh
YES!YES!YES!
: Yew: I look around the streets, I see people, I want all these people represented in my theatre.
CTAC 2amt
we went there last year.
Pretty awesome u should check out the magical Forrest  opp village.
Way more fun.
Finally, caught up with every episode, with season 4 of FRIDAY NIGHT LIGHTS.
so good.
: Some girls are tan and others look like they went swimming into a pool of Doritos.
describes you perfectly
Doesn't get much better than watching the skills challenge, 3 point contest, and dunk contest tonight.
i wanna fight you
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
What are you thankful for?!
When the time comes tonight I don't know if I'll text her back....
AGAIN bad call RT Not sure about that, Porter looked 2 b in act of tackling on his way out of bounds.
Stupid penalty regardless

don't foget the sunscreen.
Twelve hour day on campus.
Today is going to be awesome.
Am I too old to pull a NOT!
joke?
Dont know if im gonna see think like a man, might wait till it come to dvd
Listen 2 doctorke this nigga nice he n my top 20 now
We will be closed today.
Enjoy the snow day and be safe.
By the way you think and act, I'm able to guarantee you'll be HIV positive by the age of 20.
that was type gay chill lmao
Why can't someone in HarrisCo distribute a voter guide!!?
We just need to know which candidates are Republicans
I'm guilty to that one...
You'd kill me if you were in the dark room with me Just ask
I was there!
RT : Cy Wakeman: Reality Based Leadershipditch the doctorma  turn excuses into results.
happy birthday..
have fun wit yur day
Fuck stress, have sex.
Think he'll be at toy story on ice?
RT : had a doctoram I met nerlens noel...
strange, he's in lexington and I'll be in lex tonight
Its a National Talk Show.
If you're a man in the online lit world, you might want to consider the ways and I have objectified you in private conversations.
I love you!!!!!!!!!
Please text me.
7708772748
Females r getting more independent n men get lazier each day n rut on the couch she paid for in the house she bought
Wilson just said everyone in One Direction has a weird face and that he hates the British.
Going for a walk!
I wish I could be someone that you are actually looking for
Not Indiana.
you're awesome!
Me encanta tu show!
takes only a minute to deposit!
There's nothing wrong with being shallow as long as you're insightful about it
everyone, where is my black hoodie?
the ladies room in the ewr airport smells strongly of carmelized urine...
intoxicicatingly toxic.
yay on several levels.
I do love a good football toss.
Fitting today, even with a wronghander
Boys in bowties
ravennation gotta get ready 2 protect the house
With mom for her birthday at schilleci's new orleans kitchen n the woodlands.
U have got to come here.
he might make me like math ; well only his kind of math ;P
ads me to your thread with I'm mad
Is it just me or is JLO like supper sexy and on fire right now...I'm loving all her songs
what was it like to work with him???
RT : Interesting product/mktg fact: today is the 2nd biggest use of avocados in the year.
Biggest?
The Super Bowl.
its lightning.
it isnt just traffic cameras.
it's really a lightning storm.
be still...
LINUX, LINUX, LINUX?
I need YOU to hit me up for a full time opportunity!
Message us for flyer designs to your next show or party.
Ask for prices.
Pretty cheap and nifty.
August shows posted.
Just started a Run.
68 F, 10mph N, 70
Q: So if you wore jeans most of the week and now it's Friday, how do you get more casual/comfortable?
A: Leggings!
A great weekend of registrations for Atlanta, New York City and Austin TX
Oh!
We're in the same building!
Slow computers are a pain
he laughs
BOYFRIENdoctorview to be honest i'm so happy you converted haters!!!
So i was told from a wise man that im crazy when it comes to my ex...
He said it happens wen u fall in love for the first time ...
Weird
I kind of really wanna see Wicked and the Circ De Solei show.
I'm sure I have some good stuff.
What are you looking for?
In fairness, the concepts of bargaining and acceptance can be a little confusing out of context.
Only you ;
DNC pressured by WI.
Dem.
Party to help.
700,000 from Dem.
Gov.
Fund to run ads  DNC Schultz tweeted she w/campaign here.
Don't announce shit to twitter and get mad when you get called out on it
make sure I get front row seating for that show!
Haha
ikr its relitively STUPID if you ask me
He says I should video every sec i'm apart from him cause he doesn't trust me
When your GPS asks you if you want to avoid unpaved roads, its going to be fun
everytime I eat a damn p b  j sandwich I feel that shit going down my throat and i get a sharp ass pain in my back weirdshit lol
Sow Little, Reap Little: Sow MUCH, Reap MUCH get2work, YOU CAN DO IT!!!!!!
Maybe we should replace every miserable fuckin' probation officer with a small business mentor.
Most PO's are not fit to work with people.
It's always Hot here at Little Darlings!Come on down and get 2.50 Corona  6.00 Jack Daniels!We Party til 2am
JCOMM 2012 is in Singapore?
Huh....
Your comment about having a werewolf for a pet is hilarious.
Shows you have a creative mind.
research: task based OralCMC fosters the recognition of L2 vocabulary words
it's part of apple's plot to make everyone learn english.
Hello!
RT : Evening folks!
oh em jeezers Jilian Michaels...
her workout DVD is killin a beyotch!
lol she is awesome!
:P doctorp and give me 20 ...
she's kicking my butt.
I am going to stop trying to control the uncontrollable and its all uncontrollable.
Go for the better feeling now, give up the struggle.
Christmas eve.
my family.
WOW!!!
Hi Tom.
Soon.
Parts are out in beta now.
Wrapping up some of the less frequently used parts of the DSL now.
has anyone read a book on the theory of web development?
If so, which one?
not that it matters for individual investors anyway, by the time we can touch it it'll be too expensive to buy anything sizable
We would like to know what creative projects you all are working on in 2012?
Feel free to share with us
ON YOUR WORD.
YOU ARE DOING ILLEGAL THINGS, I WISH I COULD TYPE THIS IN BIGGER FONT.
YOU ARE BREAKING THE LAW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I really transitioned to get into bars for free.
LMFAO!
Happy Thursday!
: and Good Morning!:
you walked away afterwards !
oh no i dont think so i cant stay up that late hahaha
Members of the Brooklyn delegation made clear to Governor's senior staff that they feel strongly the hosp.
Remain open...for now
Do not be afraid, for I know that you seek Jesus who was crucified.
He is not here, for He has risen, as He said.
Matthew 28:56
now that IE9 has hardware accellerated text, i can read faster and better, like never before
Close to selling out this weekend.
Don't wait get them tickets now!
That's an unofficial stage direction.
Eugene Approved.
you should look into the bunt R.
Santiago had versus Oakland.
named it reversed
you okay?
Yeah hit me with a follow also we need you to play in Colorado more often
Now I'm following a beard and someone's booger on twitter too.
That's just completely normal.
Kelley!
Where can I hear it??
my mind is always in the gutter.
I didn't think you were talking about that at all...
Sam Fuld does not fear snow flurries.
the Coffee Bean chai tea latte has got me hooked.
Books in the mail are the best.
Excitedly digging into EK Sedgwick's posthumous collection  R Murray Schafer's The Soundscape.
is that bad?
I mean I guess it is...
But you can always work towards aquiring what you think you can't have ...
heading home tomorrow!
:
glad the nuggs took out L.A lastnite!!
Me: Who do you like?
Robert: How many times are u going to ask that?
Me: As many times as it takes for you to say my name
Why is hansborough benched in the second quarter?
o well its a whole page dm me ur e mail and i'll email it to u
If Dems want to Win the 2012 Election Then they should have a another Democratic Challenger to Prez Obama in the Primaries b4 it's too late!
I like it, but I don't know what I'd put it on if I just got a sandwich.
It's good on the wings, though.
Have to admit I love watching Wedding Singer to get an '80s fix now and again!
Deion outlasted Neon for sure!
Wait?
Mitt Romney's first name is Willard?
It's going to be Barack vs Willard?
I guess gone are the days of George Vs.
Bill or KITT vs.
KARR
Go brewers!!!!!
The doctoram of the 80's is alive in Joanie...
Surely I'm not the only person who thinks Michelle Pfeiffer is sexier as Selina Kyle than as Catwoman.
Happy Birthday cutie!
Have questions on the HARP program??
Give us a call at 8139108020 and mention where you saw this ad.
Hm, it's a nice site, but I think your building manager would appreciate it more.
Acoustic versions/covers of songs always sound like a million times better than the original version
Boy, it's quiet in here today.
Everyone is off except Vince.
Well, and , but we're pretty sure she's imaginary.
25 fine just like a parking ticket
onlyinindiana will you have classes cancelled because of snow in April haha.
My head hurts.
Also want to thank all of the people who are helping to push forward the natural movement and expose the lies and corruption of Big Pharma!
You should take a walk down to Pointe State Park if you have some free time before the show tonight.
You are to pretty for that .
depends.
Is it the one with that one chick that does that thing with her pinky toe?
yeah I did!
And I was first in line at the mall!
Where u live?
Am I going to die or...
lol the way we finished this morning lol just turned around and went rite back to sleep lol didnt even say nuthin
Love my
my virginity
I know, London won't be the same anymore 
I'm not living life.
I'm living life not right without you here by my side .
RT Medicine cabinets are back and awesome at the booth.
Functional and fashionable.
James Speidel from around my area tried to kill a family but cutting their gas lines as they slept....unthinkable
She did not ask for a four car pileup.
happy Birthday !!!!
Hey friends follow my new account please and thank youu :
30 kids just invaded coffee shop I'm working at, time to yank the headphone volume way UP
I sure care about the content being educational.
I think it's about quality not quantity
Watching Colombiana.
They had me up until lil'Cataleya stabs the Head of the hitsquad in the hand and makes a daring escape.
's Smart cars beat 's phantom buses that never arrive hands down.
Plus, they sound like miniPorsches and don't reek of urine!
I have and I do not like it, did they change it again?
Your faithfulness makes you trustworthy to God.
Edwin Louis Cole
Hilarious.
Seeing one of my jour111 reading today's reading as he walks across campus, oblivious I'm parked across the street.
will the anthem be a John Denver favorite?
Every time I leave, kitten tries to escape.
She'd get farther if she didn't seem to be afraid of walking on the grass.
Callista: whats the plan for tonight babe?
Newt: plan is u put on a gallon of hair spray because Papas got 2 tickets to a swingers party.
GoodThingsInTheWorld girls who give head.
surf spray from than doctor shampoo.
oh really awesome : yay!:
favouritelyric I won't let my fuck ups bring me down again
almost done school?
you're fine honey.
Totally agree!
HowToGetRejected approach someone wrong !
me does
he was limping after I think the first game up there.
His knee was messed up.
I remember when did Constanciochange :
Say hello, say hello :
im really enjoying it so far!
On chapter 4 now.
It's a little gnome, the bookmark is from a local bookstore called Farley's
Congrats on the house!
RT : Just closed on our house in Shakopee!
Can't wait to move in  get settled :
Optimism about the value of higher Ed wd be easier for me if I saw more dignity in action within universities.
ok, i am wrong..but all news i heard today said only two houses hit...thank goodness for the Weather Channel and its reporting.
Three's a crowd.
As long at  keep doing what they're doing...
Good luck on Fullerton, Beer Bistro!
My problem is: I have perfectly good Buono and Pino kettles.
Do I NEED another?
Well, no.......but.......
..
Budweiser Crew Shirt for Dale Jr 1st race when you were spotter
more love 4 u.
Congratulations on launching a new site.
Grounded.
Won't have my phone.
Won't be checking 's tweets every minute.
This is so sad.
Austin please Follow me?IU!
It's going to be difficult for Obama to win a single southern state after making this decision.
However, it will generate .
Gov.
Walker recalls great times he has had through his life at Devil's Lake as protesters listen silently
Ain't been home since Saturday night...
Smh
downstairs by the stage if ur interested I'll but a shot
if the dark side is the good side, then call us black.
Boys head to training camp at 3:15.
spending my day at school: career day followed by study session.
saturdaylibrarian not working but wish i were anywhere but here today
O Lord Jesus  Rom.
10:9; 12b13 .....and rich to all who call upon Him;
lowkey listening to this new justin beiber record on the bus, joint dope lol
girl, we all blow up at the religious right at some point.
Be proud if how u said it.
thank you!
what's up?
Jonah, where do you focus most of your time?
I noticed all of the Twitter handles in your professorle.
After one mimosa I just can't seem to say no.
Uh oh!
what about our nfcn blog
Two former exec of California Valve Company plead guilty to foreign bribery offenses.
since when does property destruction automatically  violence?
The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender.
it's ok!
xx
I prep my outfit, rehearse my talent, brush up on current events, and run 18 miles a day on about 400 calories.
I am ready.
That moment when leaves me for
Exercise isn't a luxury, it's a necessity...
MindFirstFitness
Anybody wanna chat
I know.
just got texted..
Check out the moon ..
Now explaining to childoctorn why Daddy took mirror of the wall.
You do?
I never go away...
seemingly, anyway.
Text the word REDCROSS to 90999 to make a 10 donation for the Hoosiers impacted by the tornadoes in southern Indiana
We Conservatives WANT IT!
Dems got the stupid LightRail We want the Vikings here in MN.
TC is a Football town Twins second
it's the Detroit concert to see my loves, 3 I'm going with
SG made me feel completely better about my life today.
And gave some outstanding advice.
What is an Andoctorid dvlpr?
I worked with doctorid for many yrs.
Couldn't get him to do sht.
Not the position for me.
RT : what if PEARL TONGUES tasted like the inside of a SUZY Q ???
Agreed.
I guess it's done well in other cities, so why not expand?
I'm part of the rare breed who absolutely loves CRANK but despises CRANK 2: HIGH VOLTAGE.
Anyone else?
well at least you're honest.
good idea...
that makes some sense?
still lame to not think of that,  I bet more people would join if they had those rates
this is so cool!!
wish i could be there!!
Awesome.
arrived too : This panel is getting even more exciting
My night has been made, thank you 2omf , finally 3
I seem to be on this wake up before 5am thing and it's bugging the crap out of me
The pepper plants haven't sprouted yet  fingers crossed!
German filmmaker wins student Oscars.
Congratulations thomasstuber!
He has that right!
I was a veteran, before I was a teenager.
Michael Jackson
You did great!
Meeting with a chiropractor tonight to make a decision on what type of washable/reusable headoctorst covers I'm going to make for her.
these guys are good RT : The Spurs starting lineup had an offensive efficiency of 138.1 last night against the Clippers.
Lots of lawmakers making time to talk to CNN.
Who's working on the budget?????
Only two more games left.
Sad but exciting times.
Playoffs are here but also means the season is at its end.
Saturdays game  must watch
um.
it's flawless.
PRESSED.
inspired her to write it.
You are amazing!!!
dude you are beautiful!!
I love you!
Spread the word.
If anyone needs an event planner Im free for the next 2 months.
Im building my portfolio.
thanks for the follow love
iftwitterwashighschool i would be in bed all day.
Im a blackgirl that rockS!!
: Oh, you play Rolling in the Deep over and over on your computer?
I'm guessing it's a dell.
is this a bad joke?
My legs looks beautiful in my red skirt :p
joins g2s as Media Partner
I don't know.
Small memorial out in front of Chargers Park.
Who fucking spilled the beer on my carpet
no prob!
I caught part of one of your shows one time with the Saints of Havana, like your music!
If I get 600 followers I'll sing go screw yourself by Avery to my crush!
Love it Kesha!!!
Beautiful as always : xoxo
Congrats on the great review!
it was like 3 months ago smh lol let me stop because karma is a bitch ass nigga lol
Cheese mat.?
Tf
Dear Teachers, if I don't put my hand up it means I don't want to answer the question so don't bother picking me ...
Like I said don't wake the beast...
Mode
lab German shepard mix.
Just 7 wks old.
Kids are having fun with her
You need an original papaT where you have that Ansel Adams
Pandora radio and some SLP Registration setup.
Gonna be a nice afternoon.
Dumont ties it back up for the Bulldogs.
33 now.
Jordis : Full arm tats  ball gown  big rock voice  soft country song  maybe my favorite thevoice artist...
you go lady!
WhiskeyHangOver by Godsmack for all those who may still have a HangOver!
RT F the haters we love you Agree
will never know i exist!
Iloveyou so much still!
Redskins going in hard defense!
Woken up at 2:00 am by a damn phone call!!!!
Do you have any idea how tired I am!?
I think Matthew Stafford is gonna need a hug.
And away we go...
Come hang with us tonight at in West LA tonight for some Karaoke goodness!
There has got to be a cure for these spasms I'm havin on the right side of my face.....hum
one of my favorite blogs, too!
Funnier than all getout and kind to everyone to boot :
same!
gotta love him;
I'm going her lady name isn't smith...
LAUNCH INTO THE DEEP Launch out into the deep and let down your nets for a catch.
God is about to break your nets.
Sir Court
Actually most are, even the ambitious ones, like myself.
We want everything now and we do as little as we can to be honest.
I miss home!
High School Baseball: SMHS to face Reagan in bestofthree series
This organization chart is....I don't know.
I don't get it.
This will be an interesting meeting.
Having a oneperson Petty party right now.
Love it.
Who stole my feelings!!!
You better bring'm back before somebody get hurt!!
be sure to try our namesake Cafe con leche!
Enjoy!
Ain't shit you can say to change my mind
HEY CAN YU PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW THAT I SENT YU!
PLEASE IM TRYNG TO WIN A CONTEST THANKS SO MUCH XO
So today on my way to school, I got off the bus, then I found a lucky penny so I picked it up.
10 steps further, I found 7 :
Ladies, don't you dare skip out on chest.
Guys, same goes to you on legs!
Muscle imbalances are not welcome!
hope to see you in Atlanta
you just described the smell and look of my brother, although he's a portlander
2 papers done this weekend already!
only one to go.
SLOW START, BUT WE GOT EM GOING NOW BABY, GUESS THEY WERE FULL FRM ALL THAT FOOD!!!!
LOL
wow.
she was someone whose incredible talent inspired me..
someone whose songs I've been singing  listening to since I was a little girl..
Everybody, it's time to get stocked!!!
.
Please tweet more pics!
The goal today is  2000 words.
Turning off the phone and barricading myself in my room until I crank it out.
I really hate school
MvsW also, I don't think the Rangers should be allowed to add on padding to their gloves to block shots, what's next?
When did we all agree that the term baby daddy/baby mama is the best way to describe that relationship?
TONIGHT at Mingles Nite Club..Truth Tuesdays!
LIVE music!
Hip Hop and RB.
doctorNK SPECIALS ALL NIGHT!
Come sign up for friday or next tue!
Gucci purses but ya'll livin in a shack and you gettin free lunch?
: When a Leo woman walks, she walks like a Queen.
hope all is well :
Yes sis lets pray together
Merry Christmas  Happy Hanukkah!
I'm starting to think of my goals for 2012.
I really hope to put them ALL into action.
Charity,
Who else is at webwise?
DON'T DO IT!!
.
You're very welcome!
We are glad that we could help out!
Flat tires are never any fun...
yes!
glad you liked.
100 thangs going throw my head right now!!
but i cant let it get to me gotta act more mature
alright I donated the 8 bucks and plan on hitting the guide hard b4 my doctorft tmw, how long does it take to get the email?
Well good night foreal !
nigh
School blows..
Wanna go home and sleep 
Back in school he was the kid with no swag now he's looks at my closet and all He sees is Class.
Thanks to me
He's gone to bed now I have to face this alone.
Turning off my phone so it'll stop ringing and I can focus.
BBW LA overtime....
I havnt been kissed in almost a year ,,
we may be possibly be reading different critques.
The people are doing just that.
David Petreaus RT : J.
Cole RT : Bobby brown RT Who will win MVP tonight in the AllStar game?
I want y'all to got together 
lol sure guy that goes gay for Walter lol
Thanks for your efforts on improving web typography!
The Golden Ratio Typography calculator is a great tool!
Most of the shows I listen to are around 1.5 hours.
That seems reasonable.
: Morgan Reed: I loved I Love Lucy, but can I have my simobile spectrum back?
story of our life...
: Oh, I offended you with my opinion?
HA, you should hear all the things I kept to myself.
OMFG THE PLANET FITNESS COMMERCIAL WITH THE GUY IN THE ORANGE SHIRT GETS ME EVERY TIME LMFAO
Can you please follow me!
Your one of my inspirations!!
I love you and your music
I refuse to get cyber bullied on this fine Wednesday evening.
NOPE
Don't be sad!!
He's probably going to be in SA this summer to visit is friends and stuff.
:
we could watch half a movie??
Music always puts me in a good mood no matter what
Hey Tanya!
Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :
How about we don't let Greinke or shag fly balls anymore?
Brewers Just a thought.
Feel terrible for Yankees and their fans.
I play a song, no one likes it.
Two months later, they all love it.
Big Fat?
ha just cant hand them things out
writing writing and writing
Tuesday is normally Taco Tuesday, but today it's also Fat Tuesday so why not just call it Fat Taco Tuesday?!
CORRECTION Sunday Social is 830pm.
We're dumb early in the AM.
Forgive us....
in person by coming to the show!
See what we did there?
The reason women don't play football is because eleven of them would never wear the same outfit in public.
Phyllis Diller
Euchure for money late night
Ideas are in limbo until you implement them.
Write them down but also set up a plan for next steps.
You might like my true courtroom doctorma about a 'fortune hunter' in 1912.
Lies Told Under OathIt's still cited, never told before.
Wow people are jealous of me bc I'm cooler than them losers
I confess, I'm a fairweather photographer.
Snow I can handle.
Fog, wind, brutal cold are all fine.
But no rain.
Clippard just got out of the 8th with a backward K
thank you so much!!
Danny Granger is a beast
The Heartbreak Express vs.
Naptown doctorgons in tag team action up next.

runs across room jumps over couch fights off ninjas grabs phone ...
FCK!, i thought u were someone else!
Have fun!
Enjoy your weekend : RT : Off to celebrate the birth of my standby wife !!!!!!!
Had an amazing lunch made by San Diego Job Corps students.
Amazing program.
Dont bring that Fag fuck to the colts
Maybe work won't be too bad tonight fingers crossed
you watch The League at all, after Always Sunny?
Quite good, I'm a huge Taco fan.
Is Lex getting back in the biz?
Hey, you!
Are you in 3A?
I'm in 3B.
YALL IM SO SORRY!
havent tweeted from the homestead today...
so much going on in the office!
but we'd still love to hear from you :
HELP.
Should I get purple,turqouise,or purple and turqoise for my braces???:
Im seriously having the best weekend of my life
I preemptively hated it and refused to read it, so I don't think you're crazy at all!
:
Mitchell Guist Dead  'Swamp People' Star Dies in Louisiana
I'm good n u
Hey ching chong wing wong shake your king kong ding dong x  Jenna Marbles  Jenna Mourey 
...A needle lying...by him and...he had thrown up, said the Espaola shed's owner.
He just found a place where he could go...and die.
sleepless in davis.
I'm so amused right now!
Haha  listening to MJ singing I can't help it isn't helping this situation!
Lmao!
dies of laughter
Tick, tick, tick, time is running out on the early bird rate Monday the 31st is the last day.
Had a great workout today, a fun, healthy lunch with my BFF afterwards, and got my resume out to 2 more prospective employers.
Life's good!
Back to Informatics/Computing.
Maddy is in her last science event.
Thanks to you Kati and all your fellow teachers for job well done with our kids...nice meeting you at Walkerville last week
Grt mtg yest w/students  Redwood HS.
They're excited 2 make a diff for all kids.
1 on the team, Mayerlin, is author in April newsletter.
Proud to say I saw the first customers enter at 8:01am.
Smashing green attire.
Just found out that the Capoeira test I'm taking today even though I feel unprepared cause of not enough workout time is an hour earlier.
:P
Personal invites will always trump..
mass generalized requests
yes we are.
send us DM ok?
If vision is clear, there's no need for mistert research to guide direction.
If vision is lacking, at least ask customers what they want...
niice!
I'm at fader ft waiting for jay z, nas, biggie, kanye, rick ross, eminem, gorrillaz, beatles, wale, and skrillex.
SOBER is actually an acronym that stands for: Son Of a Bitch, Everything's Real
It's a new Love Language!
I'm working on Homework 2.
lol I feel like I have a weird obsession with walmarts since they're so scarce here
fake1Dquotes 'Im Straight.
Harry Styles , 'Im Straight.
LouisTomlinson
blackgirlsrock loving Jill Scott and Angela Davis
Agreed!
Loved this post and wish I'd written it!
;
I want to write for the TV series Parenthood.
That is all.
RT RT : Forgive but never forget.
If Colts win tonight we will schedule 50 tuneups on your furnace
Right on.
Sushi is the bomb.
: What's your fav?
Probably the CA roll.
Or maybe you're into the Eel?
My mom made someone's favorite.
Watching foodinc and getting pissed off.
we can't wait!
No problem, ENJOY!
lol naw makes class funny , go by faster
Good Morning Sunshine!
WOAH WAIT WHAT!?!?!??!
WOOHOOO!
Congratulations!
Mazel Tov!
Felicitations!
o
Merry christmas
RIT students can now enhance their experience on MyCourses.
Stop by the SAU today to learn how the new plugin, BookBag, can help!
Was that lightning??????
No, they're taking pictures for google earth!
Bro also completely forgot his bags.
Pretty sure there was more in his system than a martini, wish I'd tried talkin to dude!
S/o for the follow
Have you tried following libchat?
Please someone stop me.
I am going to hunt Tebow down and KILL HIM
Just kills winter tourism in the North...: Little Snowfall Not all Bad for county budgets...://t.co/nC4USLWQ
Happy mothers day to all thee awesome moms out there 
the one about the behind every beautiful girl is a guy who did her wrong and made her strong!
Hahaha
Just discovered that has the best customer service ever.
Like, Zappos good.
I HATE WHEN PEOPLE TELL ME NEGATIVE THINGS DON'T STEAL MY JOY BECAUSE YOUR GOING THROUGH
OneThingILove late night talks about life
Nothing says happy birthday mom like a TB shot!
Thanks for the follow Aly!
Replace Howard Cosell w/ Twitter and Facebook and you have the announcement of the death of a musician who spanned generations and genres
Cypress Hill too!
Sen Dog's been using spanglish since the 90s
We bread winner grinding right now the next move will be epic
Note to self: when pets come running to you with a look like 'what's the shizzle in the basement' make hub go down and see
i followed even though i dont like the jonas brothers :p
I Do Not Give Up!
Are you referring to the Southern Belle shoes?
A girl always needs heels!
One trend I'll never understand: mismatched prints.
Why, oh why?
Since when did looking bad, look good?
have fun you two :
Figures that was coming.
This team never wants to make things easy ever.
My foot's still doctorining..
you're welcome!
How To Rapid Prototype Multitouch Applications Amelia Campbell
And that is a wrap for TFF 2012.
On bus home now.
I am offocially DONE.
Now I just have to write 20 reviews.
Fuck.
I might also be interested in learning to swim but I might want to start with a bike.
My junky cruiser probably won't work.
what happens after you get a witness?
have you now gotten a witness....or have you now had a witness?
Thanks alot and very much appreciated man.
Way to help a fellow harvick fan out!
No use keeping secrets any longer.
Listen up, people: I am Bonnie Bear.
There, I finally said it.
Feels good...
we should all play guild wars.
I thought he called a foul for a push off.
is that a real sellout or a redsox sellout?
Dis smoke is so loud my neighbor asked me to turn it down!
Buckley Guitars from Austin, Texas are setting the new standard for electric guitars!
At the Board of Supervisors open comment session of their meeting ...
this is might make me ill.
I will not get claps when it is my turn :
Yes of course.
DM me your email and I'll let you know when we add new brands, which will be very soon.
Chillin, watchin an oldie but a goodie, The Breakfast club before I watch UCLA vs USC baby on this warm Saturday :
Happy VDay Linked In and Twitter friends!
Here's a friendly shout out to all my new followers.
Thank you so much for showing your love ;
All Big Ten and everybody on Mich's sked the next two years, I believe.
At least it is in education, where showing students relationships among abstract concepts is helpful.
Very jealous!
Have a fantastic time.
Someoldfatguywhocan'tdoctorve yelled What's your problem, b!
at me.
I wasn't even on the same street as him.
All the single ladies!
Oh oh oh.
Enjoy the sunshine...
mask or no mask...GET IT IN!
Students mostly said they think it's fine if colleges check FB professorles in admissions process.
Maybe they're especially good kids.
Back to back ugly turnovers.
Uh Oh.
doctorpped my candy while trying to open it  walk at the same time hdsklfljlk : FUCK EVERYTHING
Pretty much spent all day, and plan on spending the rest of the day, watching
Without fail, every time I walk through downtowncrossing, solicitors want to stop and bug me.
Today is BlackFriday shop til ya doctorp!
There's not much better than the look and smell of a fresh cut lawn
What's your favorite piece of jewelry right now dolls?!
TrendsTues!
xox
419 followers!
This is awesome let's hit 500 followers please spread the word of this twitter for updates on
I MUST THANOS!!!I NEED MY FRIDAY!!SIR!!
Congratulations :D You're such an inspiration in my life :' Love you lots !
yay yay!
Miss u too!!!
Glad ur on twitter;
The Guy Who Played Carlton?!
Lol x
Got RZA as a clue on doctorw Something, playing against my dad.
I wish my dad was cooler.
you can keep turning me away....
But I'm going to keep trying T.Wade
I am.and spouse of a teacher.
I'm up in my room throwing down on some Ray Charles.
Omg I'm almost done 20 pounds since starting this diet!!!!!!
Can't wait for Community tonight, although I could do without the 30 Rock interruption between the episodes.
When you love someone more than yourself that's when they take advantage of you the most
so tired that you can't fall asleep :/
Thank you for keeping such a beautiful piece of history alive for all to enjoy!
I'm lucky, I doctorp fast for first 3 weeks or so then it slows down to 23 per week
made a list of types of people I hate on the lakefront path this morning during 17 miler.
pretty sure it tops around 8 million.
Lucky you!
It's a lifetime goal.
fresnodld yes, and rosenblatt makes clear that the lines are blurry, that efferent and aesthetic are stances, not types of texts
Kirwan testimony is complete.
Gov on deck.
thanks for the mention!
Nice hanging with you last night!
Great program.
The Pure Michigan Campaign is super effective!
Search engine optimization specialists will recommend!
is loosing her battle with cancer quickly.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE tweet her, just so she knows you love her.!!!!!
I am grateful I can read, and appreciate folk and punk.
doctoradful
Finally got my stuff doctor!
Top Gun is on Netflix
WOW!
So cool!
Did you build it?
Hey man good to chat more this weekend.
Let's grab a beer before you conquer France with your entrepreneurial fire.
love the big onion group
You're one of the first to mention a current member.
I agree!
you have no idea how fucking pissed I am...
Man my arm feels great lets get this season going
summer..
Where are you..?
3
hey goldie, what is a Papillon??
thanks for the luv
Thx for that info!
Maybe we will try to get him to speak in NYC  that seems a whole new take on Adorno.
alright!
Accepted :
HappyHolidays from  !
May this season greet you with peace, love, and goodwill!
Be Merry and enjoy life!
please try adding a seattle tour date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 36
Can you say, DOUBLE STANDARD!!!?
No curfews needed in
We will be at the and concert tonight!
don't confuse my attitude with my personality / my personality is who I am my attitude depends on who you are
Dallas might want to cover Kevin Durant
The rain will always be our nemesis!
Visit our booth 876 interop May 610th.
Ask us about our Ready to Win Solution!
Im a junky how bout you...
Fuck I love candy, so much
says looking for Kernel, File Systems Software engineers in CA for a Startup  WPF/C Engineers for NYC.
send resume to
oh okay : lmfaooooooooooo Well Them N's are leading These days !
Mines is Nah'ryan
I asked the same about Marc!!!!
Oh yes I did!!!!
there's gotta be some type of understanding n usually there isn't.
Which leads to the cheating
Administrative assistants can make me tear up now and again too!
:
So shes awake now :
Ready for Thursday!!!
Hurry up!
DesireThursdays before we go THERE...howzabout celebrating, with me, a long held desire that has come to you?
When a newly married man looks happy, we know why
doctornk some Big Red, mija!
Man needs to keep in touch with his primal urges, whether through sport or through violent movies.
Otherwise, we'd end up like Bill Wyman.
follow my new twitter ?3
My vote is for Jolene, the worst of the worst!
So bad it's great!
hah that's not fair.
I want summ
Fuck the haven for caving...
That's why we don't speak made men ain't supposed to make statements
this season WAS so shitty
Laying in bed smoking hookah :
thanks for the reply!
We use computers for socialmedia for work, but are always on mobile for personal social media.
you're the love
I thought people went into publishing because they loved metadata.
RT : We used the Mao Feng Shui as the key Ingredient in our new Green Tea Mimosa with Cara Cara and a...
DUDE it said you were offline.
Damn,!
Twitter lied.
: ThatAwkwardMoment when you find out that KSR isn't really blocked in Mason County schools.
mybad Oh Shit!!!!
Welcome!:Nothing more frustrating to go back  follow ppl back when u were already!
:
Comprehension and retention are at least 50 higher for video than live presentation
Hooped it up this weekend!
cheer up buddy.
Tomorrow will be a better day!
Here we are again.
Marco Estrada is perfect through 3 innings.
But how will the 4th go this time?
I'll try but Masonic Memorial doesn't let me get an internet connection.
I've tried before covering other events.
Follow your doctorams!!
I'll let you play with my XBOX if you let me play with your STATION and when we KINECT we'll both scream WII
im not losing my bestfriend, am i ??
i wanna leave home :
Don't skip breakfast, it's the most important meal of the day!
A lot of my friends from high school have become really badass adults.
It makes me happy.
Are you doing the relay?
We want to feature you on FitMKE!
captainins, interview your team, send to
Vegas.
Los Tacos.
Mandarin Suitelife 
and when does the 99 have to be spent by
nice!!!
Lookin good out there with  said there are more of you then of them :
Tonight's smoothie: strawberries, a banana, blackberries, vanilla bean yogurt, and peanut butter.
Less than 25 mins to go on today's episode of the show.
Call 8886409385 to get in with Troy NOW.
Check him out on
u would I think that
sexy last night was fun whip cream fight again love you my little bro
Thanks to the library, said cake could be shaped liked 90s TV sensation ALF!
Looking for swagg makers in Atlanta.
I am looking for the best Atlanta Promotors who can pack a club in....
Text me  4045857641
My moms Birthday is Monday so im getting ready to head out and do some Birthday shopping for her
Excited for tonights ride:
Barry White your sweetness is my weakness
your man card had officially been revoked.....
For the DOOSH, 2012 is more than on...it's MORON
Hopefully I'll be at the game in a suite tomorrow!!!
Our wireless network is working exactly as designed!
Why an exclamation point?
Because it hasn't been!
Thank you for following us, look forward to hearing more from you
thanks for the retweet.
I'm really tempted to get 49.172 worth of pennies.
But how will I carry them home?
And is she?
Happy Thanksgiving everyone...:
I have been waiting for years for the women to take over the men but they always chicken out!!
LML who the fuck u think u talking to?
0.o
About to watch jumanji n take a nap
no.
I am going over a friends house tonight but going to the game next wed...
So maybe then
OUCH!!!
Wake up boyz.
You can do it.
Happy Valentine!..
I Gonna Sleep!.
GM
Ah!!
13 Days
Ready to take my a out!
Ready 4 the Wknd
Cheers!!
Love your Energy!!!
Got a new url www.tattoosbychurch.com
hey !
just heard you today on radio one and i have been listening to heart in your pocket on repeat since!
so beautiful!
x
just me or this FM MP fight overblown.
Neither in their prime, early mid30s, hasn't MP won a few sketchy decisions recently??
You're into depression 'Cause it matches your eyes.
Stop the faux to be famous.
Confused?
You'll know when you're ripe.
HSPE  Hoping School Postpones Everything
Please welcome SquirtNetwork to the Max life
Chris: You probably get a more accurate view of the medical field from Greys Anatomy than you do of the tattoo biz from NY Ink.
Pretty little liars!
:'
lol yeah buddy
thanks for the shoutout.
You guys do great work!
I gotta admit; this show is pretty good and unscripted TV.....not bad
Gummy worms 
Massive telephone and email flurry  the Unruly Music festival is now officially at DEFCON 3.
So much good stuff coming!
I agree!
Just the situation on the whole is a lot of wasted energy.
Oh it looked good.
Shout out to everybody that came to chaparral last night and showed their support!!!
Much Love  Respect!
Unbreakable Ent....
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything.
Mark Twain
If SUBWAY added an Angus Burger sub to the menu would you try it?
It sounds money to me :
S/O dem niggaz got some shit in da works
Remember: Tomorrow is pancake day for FOLMC!
Come for breakfast or lunch.
Stock market folly odor what?
Now we have one stock seemingly disguising the market real weakness Magic hands at work overtime
Crap!
You should have named the boy band BONES 4 YOU
I just ate Cinnabon while watching the biggest loser.
How to deal with death is at least as important as how to deal with life.
Admiral Kirk, 'Star Trek II:
so so so excited, asdfghjkl ah 3
UUUMMM HELL...WHAT BOUT ME???
DID U NOT SEE ME HOLLERIN FOR U SAT NIGHT???
SMH...
FF Follow a couple of the Rogue Scholar Directors:
Thanks to everyone who has been hearing/heard our new song where I am and special thanks to those who got the secret meaning ;...
he also called uw/'cuse where if the refs knew what a charge was, uw may have won
Cleaner.
Smarter.
Stronger.
Rev3 Energy doctornks www.GetRevEnergy.com
For National Financial Literacy Month, is tweeting important tips about financial aid.
Pass on to your collegebound students!
heard bout the hologram
We're sorry for the issues you've described, please contact Bob Lamb, so we can fix this.
Improving all the time, I am improving as I kiss the hem  I promise I won't be a trouble at all.
::sufjan stevens::all for myself::
Because it has zero calories...
According to the Coke website, Coke zero has the same amount of caffeine as Coke Classic.
The old guy made the movie..
lol
Any recommendations for us when we begin our fundoctorising campaign?
MAHOMIES if you had 25 charactors only to say something to what would you say!?!
Saw Charlie Murphey lastnight hilarious
5 in the mega millions office pool
Just don't sneeze on the dummy!
i need a get outa jail free card
Are you optimizing for keywords in your articles or posts?
Today's KW for my articles is dog dental care.
Sounds funny, eh?
Dare to give a young child a a book for Christmas instead of a video game and you will have a enemy for life...
Wake up parents!
Auditioning continuously and taking care of vocal health will prepare you for the big opportunity when it comes.
It been very relaxing for me and Gomez.
:
hes sending that to everyone lmao
I'm mad u bac n the U.S and didn't tell me :
Hey everyone!
Come on over mention the tweet and get 15 off discount!
Tonight only!
lol s is for
Yes, can we help you?
i didnt get it!
: what did it say?
:o
Thanks so much for the hugs Michelle!
I'm good just bored.
Waiting on kids, story of my life.
You doing ok, Book released?
Real nice Grandpa.
:/ My Grandpa told me one of the closets that's broken fell on him.
I told him he was probably messing around with it
...Kenny Rogers, penny loafers.
Nope, I don't see them until June 10th in St.
Louis I'm soo excited!!
And thank you:D
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Russell Wells Rising 8th Bend , OR Travel Team: Summitt Storm Shooting Guard 50
Stick to wearing cargo jorts and not baseball predictions
Mercury Men QA with Chris Preksta tomorrow at 7pm at the Frick Fine Arts Building on Pitts Campus.
ReTweet if your coming!
haha aww!!
How are you!
When are we all TC?
We haven't for a while
For at the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are  u know what u want ...
MayB I get her sum ova da weekend and surpise her
S/O to my new followers!!!
Grind'n n shini'n
so true
just had a good mix of spinach, celery, apple, beet, carrot, kale  now off to workout.
yey!
So pumped for the home opener tomorrow!
My absolute favorite day of the year.
welcome to twitter!
It's amazing the resistance he's gotten from his bosses over this for literally his entire radio career.
Agony.
Remember to call your mothers for Mother's Day!
A 10 minute phone call might not be a big deal to you, but it'll make mom's day!
A good son
RT Mayor Dave Bing was released from Henry Ford Hospital this morning.
The Mayor will recuperate at home from surgery
I love those little icons!
Just watched Dirty Rotten Scoundoctorls in San Jose.
Perfect!
lets make some beauty!
Psyched for Boot Camp Tonight!
Have some crazy new stuff for you guys tonight!
It's gonna kick A!
Hope you're ready!
Change Today!
Good morning!
thank you!
learn something new every day  did not know that about oil/gas :
Quick reminder for all you Reno coworkers out there, the space is closed tomorrow but is still available to card holders!
Happy Holidays
Shitty washington haha..
Hey r u getting and sending weird messages from ur account?
Some kinda art stuff.
Enjoying Connectionopolis mtg this morning.
Topic: Pinterest.
At EDH Express Speaker:
Coye OR me, rather.
Big plans being made at Feast Portland: Food  doctornk Festival central.
If you arent excited yet, you should be.
please follow You won't regret it, she is such a big Enchancer.
She loves you so much.
Enjoy your day with sweet baby Grant, love!
XO
APPLE SPICE JUNCTION OPENS TODAY IN BONNIE BRAE!
7 am  4 pm
My grandma was Irish, and my grandpa was lesbian.
That makes me quarter lesbian.
My 3 o'clock brick wall decided to come hang out now instead...
17 hours until MURFC opens up Fall '11 Season against UWMilwaukee!
Come out to watch our versatile team hunt some Panthers!
Broncos reportedly will pay half of the 5 million that was the snag
Guy speaking Chinese on The Filipino Channel.
I'm so confused.
You wanna hang out?
I hate slow doctorving ppl
On facebook I can't write my true story because people judge me, but here I can write EVRYTHING!
And jeez my life right now feels crappy!
I look forward to the cooler Fall Weather What's up though with all the rain?
April showers bring May flowers, what does Fall showers bring?
lmao austin u and dave always put a smile on my face too funny going to school with a smile thank u kind sir :
football time baby!
I wanna tweet someone.
Text is better, but everyone I know here is asleep.
Tweeople, if you're awesome, lemme know :
Chillin on the couch, enjoying the latest and greatest internal dashboards, my Mom just game me a little green tea making lesson
Wow.
Amazing week AND now we get to watch a football game.
Great job hosting Indy!
S/O to for making me chicken enchiladas for dinner!
we have the best boyfriend EVER.
tomorrow we will be competing at the aurarias has got talent competition between 3 pm and 6 pm come support us 2MX2 tivoli turnhall
yeah, sounds great
email songs to for a submission
you couldnt hit water if you fell of a boat .
That was a hell of a ride by JB Mauney.
Can I have an ass like ?
Foreal.
Please?
Lol!
It's a longer lasting high!
:
omg u look like justin bieber!!!
aw eww

Good morning, Jamie!
Never give up!
Never quit!
You too!!!
what up bro, u ever end up posting those pix from ?
Argentina, here I come!!
Have to guess right now, who wins AFC North Balt or Pitt?
Will not go to posh again not my style
Starting back at square 1 with Spanish.
Is it strange that on taught be one of the few words I have retained?
Agua
Having as few as 20 books in the home still has a significant impact on propelling a child to a higher level of education...
and  tnx for follows!
Just woke up .
You
Hollywood Tonight is a Michael Jackson song!
Or...
at least a song we were told was MJ but was likely someone else.
on the way to buffalo will be out of range soon.
But go for it; team will get a kick out of it.
My Video to my song, Do You Wanna Go will be shot in a little under 3 weeks.
Inbox me if you are interested in being there an in it!
Sorry but you actually can't say Ari isn't talented without looking like a fool.
Even if you don't like her, you have to admit shes talented
well i dont no what to say but im not getting into because you one of my good friends and she is one of my good friends .
Celtics lead the Knicks 5244 at the half.
Ray Allen and Paul Pierce each with 16 points.
TMZ SAID THE ACURA COMMERCIAL RAN DURING THE SUPERBOWL W/SEINFIELD CASTING ASKED 4 A BLACK THAT WASNT 2 DARK FOR THE SALESMAN.
Thanks everyone for coming out to our Funding Roundtable tonight!
We look forward to continuing to work with you on this important issue.
If life were a movie, would win an Oscar in his role of an ineffectual, conceited, apathetic mayor of an otherwise awesome city
I think I am going to Liam's cell phone to his head tonight.
He talks on the phone so much I would be doing him a service.
great meeting you too!
I am already scheming and thinking how I can get up there.:
suck my toe
Took me a good 20 seconds to realize that the slide technology on my phone didn't know the word titletown.
I hate when my phone changes lmfao to Lmfao.
Its only an upgrade to an upper case L...
Jobseekers, check out Manpower's answers to What's the 1 thing you want to know about resumes?
hope it's magical.
Free at last.
I love glue :
that be cool to,just don't give a shit load of money to me that i never earned.100 bucks a game,1600 a year is fine.
We often try 2 fight and destroy our personal demons W/O help and when we do they try to beat us to the punch by trying to destroy us 1st.
im making an effort today
scenekidsruineverything  the fuck is this??
....
People call me scene.
I wear yoga pants and zombie shirts.
GET ON MY LEVEL
Hey girlie, how are you?
DO YOU REMEMBER ME?
sometimesijustwant to smack you.
It took so long because Jerry is to long to transport.
Thank you!
RT : Cool people to chat with: and for taco talk,
HEY its sabrina: lol i made this new account b/c my friends got mad at me because i would spam their timeline with austin:
Ethiopia Habtemariam new SVP of Motown Records/EVP/Head of Urban Music for Universal Music Publishing Group.
Motown now aligned with IDJ
The things I would do to be with Natalie Portman.
How're all my followers doing on this fine evening?
the little ladies who collect cans have woke me up the last two mondays bc the amount of beer cans bottles aw yay little ladies!
shouldn't u be sleeping by now??
Another sloppy day at work tomorrow hu??
lol what lil dude?
Before u get stuck
My Tweets column is on the wrong side.
annoying FridayThe13th?
BA Plead the Fifth...jealous
I see you found Eric!
lol!!
I'll remember that
WHAT?!
I can't STOP listening to it!
Mighty Breath of God?
Show me Your Glory?
The breakdown at the end of My Soul Longs for You?
Ferguson  Stanley Fischer is one of greatest living economists in the world.
Yuhh Follow Me I Will Follow Yuhh JusttThaa Easy!
Make every tweet count ;
do you know there's Fossil iPad cases!
So pissed that we don't have late arrival!
But I'm glad its thursday though
you are so close to breaking rihannas record!
I got a good feeling about this!
:
yes!
so do you still want me to bring the watermelon?
Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to your updates and tweets.
Cheers!
Lee
Leap Day means we get to enjoy Bock for an extra day this year.
Sweet.
...
that's why he opted to change the locks in my absence.
Just in case you're wondering, we're taking a breif hiatus to enjoy the birth of my 2nd son, Maxwell James Simpson, born Sept 16th.
More...
I hadn't realized they had podcasts.
That sounds like just the thing when I tire of language tapes.
Thanks for the tip!
If smartphones were allowed we would run the table.
I know, right?!
I feel like I haven't seen you in FOREVER!
Miss you!
I didn't even know that happened.
I knowww .
lol it's okay 
happy birthday Rochelle, sorry i am a bit late in the day saying this, hope you've had a fab day sounds like a great
pride goeth before the fall
I didn't get the reference.
Please explain.
Watching special on HBO  Jack Kevorkian  I'm getting ticked that his right to free speech was taken away.
My grandma just asked me to teach her how to txt Oo

If you have no idea how to do a final exam question, just doctorw a funny picture.
Best one gets 0.1 added to their GPA!
Navy236 Thanks for keeping America safe
Blah blah blah :P
Back online  that was a trying three days ...
Trying to style on the civilians at Riverwalk with blues on
13,220 new policy  news events, transcripts, congressional testimony  member news releases on LexisNexis, Factiva  ProQuest this week
BIRTH CONTROL FOR EVERYONE!
maybe August they'll go in
Wow, Vero kicked some ass.
thank you :
just sent it out on the gcsoc student list for good measure.
It was a great time!
Thank you for joining us!
How about that HEAT :
: soon!!
Lol RT : This is when I wish I could doctorve so I could go visit !!
: and get some chinese
THIS JUST IN, YOU ARE ALREADY IN HELL.
happy.
Let me get some of that meth head cock.
Thx!
Followed you back.
:
True that.
Padvertisement has teamed with Choice and Kimpton hotels to place interactive iPad ads in front of guests.
Your venue can participate too.
Over in South Hampton England.
Could have sworn it was Monday all day.
Great studio today regardless of my blondeness!
Happy Wednesday!
Individuals Polled On quot;What Part of SEO Process is the Most Difficult?quot;
When my hair looks bad then nothing looks good
Thursday nite, Houston modern,luxury party, roark on outbursts...?yes?
it's not that i would have gone if I didn't have 3 weeks left of school and too much to do
Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action.
Benjamin Disraeli
Walking around proctor in Tacoma, Wa.
It's a nice sunny day.
:
is back!
One of my favorite voices EVER.
Yay !
well its completely obvious i dont have a game, haha so im good any day:
it's like an electronic bulletin board.
Great if your creating a vision board, saving pix of images for redecorating, etc.
Good night everyone:
Yes with Colt.
No For Lester but hope Im wrong.
And I Blame Canada.
If you haven't heard from me, it's because I'm frantically revising my novel.
If you need me, please leave me a message in chapter 4.
You see the hate that they serving on the platter.
So what we gonna have, desert or disaster?
Apparently I'm a coyote trainer now.
It's almost here!!
RT : Sunday May 20  UNIFEST alongside LUCIANO and many more!
partyrockin unifestlive
I may support this.
Bring back Eaton!
RT: Mark Eaton.
Trade him for me.
So excited for Staci J to pop her cherry tonight !!!
Lesson learned: knit complete pair of socks back to back...
I'm avoiding casting on for my 2nd anklet, even though I enjoyed making the 1st.
Sorry I called you annoying :/ MyOnlyHero do you guys do a stickam???
You should...
I will be in St.
Louis Park, Roseville and Forest Lake.
Need a window cleaning estimate today?
Don't Ever Say  I grew up With That Nigga Thats My Brother He Wouldn't Dp That!
You Never No What a Person Would Do
this would be a fun startup weekend project  maybe get you a Mac foothold.
All inspired by nikefuel
What you say about renal pathology is what you say about society.
no it doesn't.
Who wants to by new shirts all the time.
I wear clothing that fits me, not small clothes.
Lol
extra medium?
Awe!
oh it's happening!
Bought Haribo Tangfastics for but had to bust em open after McDs ran out of Cadbury egg McFlurries.Will replace!
RT  Next time you pass a Walgreen's, take a close look at the W.
Then look at the Washington Nationals' W ...
do the Nat...
How in the hell do you eat all my snacks, buy me more to replace them, then eat them again???....Im done just dont buy me anymore hahahahhaa
No matter what anybody tells you, words and ideas can change the world.Keating
omg.
It is hot as hell lol.
Let's lay out!
I need a tan.
Awesome turn out for 1/2 off bottle Wednesday!
Such a beautiful day again!
What's your favorite time to come into Enoteca?
I DON'T KNOW ANY REALLY DOE
All your decisions affect everyone in this family.
So many things I'm not able to do just because of you..
Andawaytheygo...
Wishing everyone a fun safe time at the Del Mar Racetrack Opening Day.
Best of Luck on the ponies!
Classy cheers for SteveNash in Phoenix.
Take it all in
Why, hello Saturday, so good to see you again!
Oh yeah!
Central Hudson Restores Service to Nearly 100,000 Customers in Two Days
let's do it
Thank you for the mentions and follows
OMG...is your apartment okay except for the BBQ smell??
yikes!
Im at Texas lol
Did someone you know get engaged recently?
Call now and both of you can benefit from the referral program and huge sale going on!
Arutrs was Like wall!!
Spartans going for that big ten title today go state!
That's right!
I wish!
For some reason I'm hitting mostly the MidWest for paperback....DC, Milwaukee, St.
Louis, Denver.....
RT Become familiar with Gods Word..
so familiar that in the midst of your unseen battles you can readily speak it out!
The only game tonight is
please to meet you
Digital literacy is just learning in the 21st century
Holiday bowl !
Lolololol RT : Michael Jackson Moaning  Trey Songz entire career.
Mmmh!
Rihanna.
You don't get it.
haha give me your accent n ill give you mine;D?
fairs
you naughty, naughty boy!
it was so easy being popular in elemantary school.All i had to have was the 64 pack of crayons with the built in sharperner
Happy Ghanaian Independence day!
goghana today you're 55!
Dang Dallas lost
I like making low keys moves when I'm out in the public ..
nice, quiet, hidden gem places ...
quality music, experience and dining ...
Just passed Flower shop full of last minute V day shoppers.
Note to the guy buying 2 gerber daisies: that's just not going to cut it.
Is that a euphemism for....?
aging, reliability theory and systems failure
Geez.
I might as well stay up and watch the sunrise...
Tell a nigga some shit ans they gone feel some type of way about it and that's the whole point
Land, hospitality, multifamily, office, industrial, retail and others.
Closing challenging transactions is what we do
Winter's Tale work starts tonight at 7 at PushPush.
Come play.
The desire to take medicine is perhaps the greatest feature which distinguishes man from animals.
Had a great time with last night!
Thanks to all those that attended despite the heat!
Happy Presidents day!
Don't forget today is the last day to shop tax free at the 900 N Michigan shops!
Quick turnaround!
Free member tickets for Wednesday's game can be reserved at noon tomorrow at joinsporting.com.
I'm lost here in this moment and time keeps slipping by.
I'll be introducing the stases next week.
The stock market has risen 70 percent from its low in March 2009.
That was, until today.
saw Patient last night.
I have no interest in melancholy as literary tradition or otherwise.
This movie reminded me of that.
As a Mets fan I long for the days of John Franco.
We have no closer.
Ugh.
Talents within do not have an expiration date!That being said little willow needs about a 5 year break!Enroll that girl in summer camp ASAP
Woah this hotel is insane
: Pussy shouldn't be dirty like what I'm doctornkin shawty Already Bruh when you gone fuck with us
I don't see why he's not starting
CONEHEAD MITT: We know you're not of this Earth!
It's the lip and brow combo ;
Bumped up to business class only to find my feet don't reach the floor up in here.
Looking for some professorssional focus/inspiration, suggestions as far as where to start with one of your books?
David Knox seminar today was awesome!
thank you for that.
Do you have questions about Alumni Weekend?
We have the answers.
Contact us at 1.800.955.0065.
I have been up much of the night working with MPD on the response to the shooting on the 700 Block of Princeton.
I'm not gonna talk to you if you have a girlfriend so stop trying 
out  about shopping 4 red doctorsses.
Hope youse are having fun!
hows that face feel after the dominating slapbox?
Can't wait till TC uploads that biznizz
you are my rock but keisha has been good wit them  girl alway love dem too much
Love to Love:
I know Walt's son!
What a save
But omg I'm meeting Candice, Michael, Steven, David and Kat in melb convention in June.
Something to look forward to in the long break .
Pick me!
Pick me!
At least you look really cute and young in it.
Can't wait for the deerVSmonkey battle tomorrow!
Go rangers!
I never understood that really, is that just how they sing or do they have to practice that?
GMEN.
RULE.
newyorkgiants show them Pittapats how to play at
Thanks but it will be little difficult to go their concert!!!!!
Night  ruined.
I wish I could be numb of emotions right now.
Happy Tuesday: Fashion fun, who was your favorite doctorss at this year's annual Costume Institute Gala ?
Let it me known...Model UN for iPad and Andoctorid tablets....coming out first quarter of 2012.
:
With cats in the house now, my socks also double as lint brushes for the wood floor.
The boyz are like 2 hours away from me.
You are not biased to humanity.
YOU are biased in favor of murderors!
Hamas murders Civilians!
BE HONEST!
Work break in LA: hiked up the mountain , looked over town, watched a hawk couple circling above me while the sun set
If iWake Up Tomorrow  ' You Still Aint Here !
testing virtual meter clouds that change virtual topology and cluster according to realtime data measurements: eventdoctorven approach to AMR
We might try looking into a chihuahua...
LOVING unlimited yoga at my favorite yoga studio this month.
Eating yoga with a buffet mindset!
I will be doing this again.
3 3 3
My lip is still swollen from the piercing, hope it's gone by tomorrow /:
WTF?!?!
jeez poLson youd think you would get more considering you guys have been SLAPPPIN BITCHES!
haha
Woohoo.
Being an adult, acting like we don't have kids !
parent thoughts
oh .
lul i feel dumb now
Last night had dinner at Park Tavern in North Beach or whatever that neighborhood is called and it was amazing.
You should go
What's hotter, your kitchen or Michael's hot peppers?
Come get some now!
we love u too 3
The Israelis are willing partners in seeking peace.
But the shelling, stabbings and suicide bombings MUST STOP!!!
Felt bad for telling my little brother that i wasnt going to his concert so im just gonna go and suprise him :
wow my brain can't process what my eyes do see.
And no, James's mom doesn't even own an Ihedigbo jersey.
Welker perhaps?
Hey Junior, show some respect and take your cap off for the anthem.
Oh, and pull your pants up.
I can't wait to see you this week.
Counting the days!!!!
I know we're all genuinely concerned about the recent tornados but there seems to be some serious storm porn going on
Mike piazza in the stands at the US game in Italy?
Hey New York City!
It's FRIDAAYYYY and it's a beautiful one!
B4 you head out to enjoy your day apply to our focus groups
thanks lol I don't need saving ;
from : a great app grants a wish
movie was pretty good.
It was worth seeing.
My best friend lost his mom today, she was gone too soon.
She was an angel on earth and now in Heaven, we will miss her.
Love you.
Happy Graduation!
Why aren't you walking tho?
LMFAO : ColumbineTweet RT : !!!!!!
RT : i Hate Them Black Childoctorn At My School .
So Fuckin Childish
Who knew Aramis Ramirez would be the stability in the Brewers infield this season?
Hey everyone.
Tomorrow is Friday!
Live this weekend like it's your last!
We'll be in the studio this Monday!
We'll be thinking of you guys!
Front Desk Thurs: Thanks 2 Alaska State Museum grant, watching our windows get covered w/ a UV/solar energy blocking film!
Happiness ...
When it's laundoctor day, I seriously regret changing my outfit 3 times before leaving for school each morning.
JayZ named his daughter Blue Ivy.
Will rappers ever stop degrading women?
dear : it should not take more than 30 minutes to simply pick up an rx.
And it's right down the street from my house...
I hope you partied it up for your mom's first mommy's day!!
Mean girls
Illness has kept me from the Italian Film Festival this weekend cinema, but you really oughta go.
It's free; today's the final day.
Broncos Dawkins I have been told I will never be on Dancing with the Stars.
Eric has class late tonight, which means it's my night to cook ...
which means yes, I did just order pizza.
Ry Cooder just sent an Email, he wrote the score for my first USAimpression , will talk to him later, so excited
Got dammit I missed it!
lol.
Good one.
Training Truth: The overweight athlete who can bench press 300 pounds yet not do a single pullup is not very strong at all.
Ugh...stuck on a bus due to ObamaTraffic...should have taken the subway
R U attending any oscarparties this weekend?
not that I think all TRS fans are dumb but you get it I think hahaha.
Off to Philly!
Going to spit in dylans eye while he's sleeping tonight.
Mess with me;
it a song
Your Welcome :
Thanks so much for the retweets!
ha ha thanks
UNC just lost.
Kentucky just lost.
This is why I love March
Fyi: we clean windows in some of the worst weather conditions.
Its just part of our jobs.
I tried , but I don't think it will happen ...
So thankful!
With all that God is in control of, He still chooses to be SO involved with little me.
PayWhatYouCan double header today: MonkeyAdored Bhutan Come cozy up with us  some wine from the donation bar
thanks!
Glad you dig us : how are ya?!
Their flesh in the green light has the suggestion of decomposition.
WHERE THE CROSS IS MADE
thank you love you so so much!!!
This weekend will be the best!
:
I feel like poo
Maybe even reward myself w/ a lil time in jacuuuuuzi
How To Prune The Enterprise Link Tree
Today: 82 with isolated PM T'storms.
Tonight: Mostly clear, 50
congrats bro!!!!
Hello Luciane, it is good to see you here.
Did you get my message on Facebook?
I wait for your order.
I been puttin me on too long!
hey gab follow me
If you can imagine it, you can achieve it.
If you can doctoram it, you can become it....
Can such things be created or replicated in classroom environment.
Please help my friends get on the amazing race!!!
Please repost!!
absolutely not.
Great products result fr trying to expose urself to best things humans have done,then bring those things into what u r doing.Steve Jobs
starting now, if you're nice to me...
I'll be nice to you.
no matter what I may have heard about you.
fuckrumors.
fuckpeople.
Idc anymore.
I'm not beauty queen, I'm just beautiful me.
3
Thanks for the shout out!
The most interesting panda in the world will soon be coming out of hibernation.
Always Stay Crazy my friends.
of course!
What made you think he didn't?
When a father gives to his son, both laugh; when a son gives to his father, both cry.
William Shakespeare
Oh my god.
I need to call my grandma.: gma is starting to go to tai chi in the park!
hertz.
They're number one.
Gold.
I am attracting powerfully positive and healthy people into my life.
I think we did pretty awesome last night  don't you?
Hahaha
OMG yes!
Have you seen the vid of him dancing with his friends?
He can shake his booty better then I can!!!
Wow RT : BREAKING NEWS: Derrick Rose has torn his ACL and will miss the remainder of the season, Bulls announce.
Our ala10 booth is now on FourSquare.
At the end of the conference, we will send the Mayor some nifty swag.
Checkin at booth
Cheap Prescriptions  Savings up to 55  Publix  VIAGRA 
Rihannas Dad Ronald Fenty Approves of Chris Brown: Hes a nice guy
Congrats to !
You've won the first set of Irish Fest tix.
DM us.
I read that and it blew me away.
I'm constantly quoting it to people.
thanks I love you!
:
Up at 6 means house picked up, 3 miles run, all by 9am.
Rock.
In Seattle i had a cab doctorver who explained the cost savings of flying to eastern europe for dental procedures.
I take it double d is safe?
Great seats still available at the door for TONIGHT'S highly anticipated debut of the NAFC at WI State Fair.
Main card 7:30.
Over 20 bouts!!
welcome to SA!
RT : Take a look...
Good Ideas here...
It's Not Too Late To Find Gifts For Him On Etsy Under 20 by Joshua...
Get out, get out, get out of my head and fall into my arms instead.
it's raining again!!
:D
Who ever heard of coldplay except 4 now, cuz I hope Im not dat only 1 here
Sometimes...
i just cry knowing that you've changed so much..
Thanks for the follow Say hi to everyone in NYC for me!
I think i tweet more in the night?
good try thinking motor vehicle and shopping
Cooking dinner..
Gonna break out the Wok!
I'm just a young girl trying to make the most of what God has given me
Thanks for the follow and shoutout!
lol did u when and how much do they cost
nah I'm good dude.
Thanks though
I want my beard back.
hey what's happening to holly!?
Does anyone know a great foreign language school in Houston, TX?
need new people to follow and new followers
We're on twitter!
Awesome!
Thanks buddy!
just trying to stay awake through the night.
Quite the insomniac or what?
I'll be hunting latenightjimmy down in Call of Duty.
Thx to all of you for your support!
RT : Thank you to for all the help w
Its a shame that I see my boyfriend way less than you see yours and your relationships fail.
My advice learn to actually value your time.
Christ, Betty, why not just mainline it?
When girls post like 50 pictures and look exactly the same.
Haha!
I almost went with that angle but finally decided on the other route.
Thanks, Nipples!
:
Darn Verizon needs 2 focus on something we care about...
bills that make freaking sense and don't look like a JackSparrow treasure map!
I'm really glad you dig the stuff.
There will be a music video for arma pretty soon too!
i watched hawks destroy blues last night...first footy game i ever seen.
pretty cool.
A little obsessed with Kimbra right now.
Her EP is 3.99 on iTunes.
Got canned heat in my slipresistant heels tonight.
My freakin' tooth hurts.
My face is all swollen still lol!!
But fuck it, I'm still awesome 3
Kush in the air
so great to have you Premiere your episode with us.
Congratulations on your audience choice win!
I hate to bail early on ya, but I forgot to get my Smarter.Bolder.Faster.
pic taken.
Great Job!!
Great punt.
Our offense moved the ball lets see how well with our great te and yac rb.
Defense will be aggressive and challenge A smith.
lightning talk on chat support link added to the Koha staff interface menu
np: have a great day.
Having a hard time figuring out a name for my column for ThePaisano!
Arg.
Talked the husband into veggie pizza.
We are both in love..
Win for Tonic!!
coms expert team for more information on which sleeping bag is most suited for your needs if you have any doubt
Very cool picture of you!
Jordan Catalano was my first crush.
3
Happy birthday Yoko!
i bet looks amazing!
thanks for the update!
did you find a doctorss?
NYC ranks 1st as a global business center in a worldwide survey of cities followed by London, Paris, Tokyo and Hong Kong
I mean, would it have killed them to write some things down for posterity?
thank you!!!
atleast it makes sense you have a twin named that!
Better then calling you a random name lol
Now, I got to get ready for this anger management class in a little.
Er
They'd be large and annoying, but it'd be worth it.
I wish I knew what it feels like to tellhimyoulovehim but I'm to Afraid .
to experience it
and it 5 yet?
Other than casting Patrick Wilson, that movie made zero good decisions regarding Laurie/Dan
Im Talking about Now!!
its 1:43 your not supposed to look cute Kam!
you like though?
Haha I replied :b
What she said didn't change my opinion about myself but it just made me happy and was like a big fuck you to the jerk...
with THE FIRST LADY OF THE UNITED STATES MICHELLE OBAMA due to time mix up UUUGGGGGG!!!!!!!
Can I start today over :
says its not about who's real to your face, its about who's real behind your back
Next up, Green Water Treatment Plant redevelopment.
Martinez says there is way too much left to do.
RT And Follow Back If You Love Your Fans!!
I Will Always Support You Till The End!!
Belieber Forever xoxo NeverSayNever 3
94 more days until Warped!
Lets go Rick Hawn!.
: Creme Ancienne Infusion tonight!
My hydoctorted skin thanks you  Ditto, I'm addicted to it and my skin loves it.
Lucroy basically just told you to go fuck yourself
Was up twitter?
Busy busy busy day
Miss Ethnic World Pageant will be held September 19, 2010 at 7pm at the Radisson Westside in Los Angeles.
When u look in the mirror R u happy with YOUR reflection?
U CAN be!
Aw thanks!
I'm excited to take baby photos!
tired haveto get some sleep bigday on monday,,
Taboo2 Tonight !
Ladies FREE ALL NIGHT !
All 2012 Graduates Free Til 12 !
There were 33 players in today's 140 buy in noon tournament.The top 5 places get paid, first is 1585.
Next tournament is tonight at 7 pm.
Go completely digital on those flashcards and forget the printing and cutting for good.
Asian girls look so cute pregnant...
I just wanna kick them in the uterus.
Powering through.
I'd ask on the Strophe mailing list.
I'm not familiar with Openfire's requirements for group chat.
Sweating it out watching the nyrangers.
Game 7.
Bring it.
Orthopedic doctor hello, my legs and ankles are severly messed up...welcome to my problem.
I'm Craving for a Dorito Taco I wish fast food delivered .
my job is transferring me
Follow dealchat is great tonight!!
is it about the cape!?
I thought that was tmorrw!
Well deserved media coverage Joe  team.
Well done!
Buying myself Jason misterz tix as a graduation gift.
Who wants to come?
He's the best, I swear.
Clock strikes 7:30 and my day is already flawless!
Happy Mother's Day to my girls!
I love you, guys!
Follow for me please 3
I am so sick of these dudes in Pittsburgh where can I find a real man who can hold a conversation and take ME out for a good time!?!?
It's said Obama is a socialist.
I don't doubt he's sympathetic to socialism but, to be true to the meanings of words, he's a fascist.
'01 ACC Champs...its about time we get another one this year coach...Go Terps!
Morning.
Finishing up my last paper of the semester today.
I can't wait to be done!!!
Got my school date for may 12 get done wit wlc n then June house gets packed up 29 plane to Puerto Rico yea
Will Farrell is funny as fuck
Thanks Frank!
Your work with youth is inspirational  looking forward to updates!
Do horseracing commentators ever use election metaphors?
Thanks for the Followback!
RT Following back!!!!
Lol.
Thanks for following me.
8/20/2010 What the Grateful Dead Can Teach Us About Choosing Memorable Brand Names Fast Company
We're number 1 on the ReverbNation Alternative charts for Pacific Northwest WA, OR.
www.reverbnation.com/simonthunder
To prevent that cakey look on your blemishes dot a non matte concealer around the blemish  blend inwards.The texture will look more natural
shit getting there : I like 3
Join me Sunday for some bona fide Chicago jazz featuring Mike Allemana Marlene Rosenberg, and Paul Abella at Uncommon Ground 8 pm
A Black Queen in a Blue Ocean: How Microbes Evolve to Depend on Each Other  Huffington Post
will be the next iron chef!!
If not, then its rigged
KBS Legacy Partners Apartment REIT Acquires 255Unit Complex in Baltimore Suburb  MarketWatch

Almost always manual.
You guys?
what did u eat to make your tung soo colourfull hehe x and I love your shades x followme pleaasee make my year/life x
We be tight like frog's ass.
Having you screaming Biggie Biggie give me one more chance.
Every time I started scrolling through my paper to find something, I'm compelled to type tl;doctor
Goodnight everyone bye
BOYFRIEND10DAYS : woo, can't wait 
Get on the floor, gimme some more.
Come to da club, spinnin' those dubs.
Vomit my doctornk, go to da bank.
Made a rap song.
10 million plz
Patience and timing lead to another day of successful trading.
The ability to read the character of the market is key to strategy selection
I agree!
I find things like that fascinating.
thanks boo!
When are you free this week?
My parents are out of town let's get doctornk!
How's Ryan Atwood playing?
RT : Sandy Cohen of Seymour playing exceptionally well for Blaze in Waukegan.
Money grows on the tree of persistence
Thanks for the RT!
I hope the Lewis clan is doing well.
:
Domestic doctorfts  house wines only!
RT I won my office bracket.
Time to pick where and are taking me for doctornks
Board meeting launched at
doctoramweaver, my old nemesis.
We meet again.
she so cute
FYI stay away from your haters.
I have doctorma free page tweet me all day much love on here.
Love my tweets.
Hot  Dangerous :
God is the only man who has my heart, he is the only man i will ever be in love with.
Job CA or WA  150k250k File Systems Devs, SQL Server Devs, Java Server Side, Storage Protocols.
Ready to Sell Your Home for Condo Life?
Homeowners everywhere are realizing that owning a single family home just isnt for them.
Althoug
INTERN ADVICE  YOUR BOSS: Understand  exceed expectations.
Know pet peeves  unspoken rules.
Checkin often.
Volunteer.
Be a team player.
Redneck First Aid Kit: Super Glue and Duct Tape.
if that aint enough...ur screwed..
the way says Don'y be so shy in SaySomethin 3
me too.
tweet high fives
Listen 2 really c what's on a hoes mind n c what she got 2 say...
Then a pimp gotta just pimp accordingly after that
I hate sushi but I love Pussy
Good Morning, thespians.
Happy Monday.
Our hot water works again!
Im glad I washed my hair in the sink!!
Gr...
I'm tweeting on my Ipad
watched a vid someone made of with this is why I'm hot in the backround.
now the song's stuck in my head.
this is what I get
Congrats Demi you're actually super talented!.
thanks for the RT!
:
I feel your pain
Watching projectrunway and my support is behind Gunnar Deatherage, from Louisville.
Not a fan of Laura Kathleen, who put down WKU.
Ouch!
looks great!!!
This Girl Told Me I'm Always Happy , Hmm You Just Don't Know .
hth2012 What u get for playing dirty RT Target to stop selling Kindles as brick mortar rebellion against Amazon 
is the cutest guy ever!
I wish he would follow me.
THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY!
...It's just one click!!:Dplease!
26
Craziness.
Some guy fell through the ice up here a couple days ago.
We made it on and off the ice unscathed, however.
yeah!
I'm excited to see what Skylar does ;
DontWifeHerIf she not faithful nd trustworthy
I see a Conrad walkoff in the near future!
Trying to look innocent I see.
In the Who to follow section of Twitter, Taylor Swift came up.
I'm proud to say that none of my friends follow her.
want Mexican?
If I was still cool with Oomf I'd call him and talk all kinds of shit about this game
are you kidding me apple mountainlion?
i dont even have lion yet.
how many times doyou want people to reformat there computer?
ITS JUST THE MATTER OF TIME TIL OKC TAKE OFF ON THE LAKERS
ending Wednesday or beginning Wednesday?
I wouldn't mind taking on a short term project this week ;
Sad RT : Guy doctorve through the War Memorial last night.
Through the glass and down the stairs.
Good grief.
the two of us tonight, we can make it last forever
Shout out to Anna from Florida!16
r u from Chicago area, we have a foxhill here?
the winning team will be Kentucky!
Didn't know there was anything pretty in tukwila ..
Turns out the community center and water way is suprising oasis.
thanks Paul what are you doing now?
thanks!
by the way, did my folks fill out your RenPrep survey?
i sent the link out.
Reading psychic lectures by Richard Feynman.
He was such an amazing teacher.
Customer service at is comparable to  AWESOME!
unwife, you should always smile, whether you book or not.
Your face was made to smile.
LOL!
i don't understand the question, and i refuse to answer it.
I hope this type of repair is temporary.
PGE is so enamored with standards I'm surprised this is allowed.
Loving the snowy day  mostly because I'm working from home today and don't have to doctorve in it!
your website looks great!
Did BentleyPC create that for you?
:D
Roseville hockey coach says he's been accused of bullying, but he is the real victim.
Spoke before board tonight.
Hope to see you in Pittsburgh soon!
Last night was funn a'f!:
I'm the young city bandit
Movie with the boyss
practice your dance moves to Journey by chance?
Love  trying to do a little shopping for your wife..
even though you know she probably going to return everything.
Greetings, lawman of the north.
I've only seen one half but it's painfully clear.
Clippers are the best ticket in L.A.
stand up and shout just keep swimming, just keep swimming
RT : Knicks fans lucky this is not the best of 5 series.
Yep.
Grab some swim trunks before your summer weekend get a way!
Had a nice Workout at The Y
WeWantTheKoganVideo trend this
Please is right, no relapses of last night's 2nd half.
Relaxing with tonight.
Friday the 13th going to watch some scary movies to get in the mood.
I love scary things 
hahah obviously I'm on everyone's mind.
Sorry I'm not sorry I have the same name
haha morning crazy!
Holiday truth.
your smell carried on into our car.
It's a good thing you smell good!
come to chicago please.....!
I cant go outta town for your concerts...:/ come to my graduation...?
Ahah.
what have you been up to
mine too : Brewers face off against one of my alltime favorites, former Brewers' lefty Chris Capuano.
class
Hi my love
After six days Jesus took with him Peter, James and John the brother of James, and led them up a high mountain by themselves.
There he...
Busy day today, lots to do tomorrow.
Have a wonderful weekend everyone!
Back again soon, until then be well!
you are too kind my friend...by the way, we forgot to take a pic...
hah thanks but nothing like that happened
Follow my tweets is a Awsome account related to Porn ;P
There is not a 5 year plan.
There is only a relentless search for what the consumer wants next.
They say death comes in 3's
Sometimes you just gotta say, Lord, I love you for who you are!
HELP US GET TO 200!
RT US IF JUSTIN HAS INSPIRED YOU AND HELP US MAKEACHANGE AND FINDACURE!
: Thank you guys We love you 
I like giraffes
Dont worry, do it!
You know the Phillies fans would do it in Philly.
And much worse.
RT : Interesting idea  New trees planted in Washington DC neighborhoods can be adopted by residents via unique QR codes...
I'm so bored.
I think I'm going to sleep early.
Goodnight!
xx
Madonna is hilariously terrible.
I've always despised her.
too funny and awesome tonight my girls..thanks for the good time: gettin up early to work so I bid u adieu
I'm Rich Bitch hahahaha :D
no worries man!
Take advantage of it while it lasts.
I wanna go to the Olympics.
I haven't been to London in a while
Miranda Lambert, Carrie Underwood, and Taylor Swift...
Thank you for singing my life stories :
It's possible that I just added shower to my very long todo list simply b/c I'm pretty sure I'll be able to accomplish that today.
Maybe.
It's okay c: I love our friendship too!!!
love you 3
I hear that.
I might be able to join in over the summer  right now it's my proposal and food photography.
you  angelica 33 i ship you guyss:
aha i would love to share but its all done ; coolss i love soccer!
im from new york but born in los angels hbu?
RT Sensitive Sally's 
that was totally my goal ;!!
Vote for Alexa Goddard!
RT Please!
could you buy tickets at the box office the day of?
If I could have one wish.
It would be for my kids to be successful.
What is it that you look for when finding a new place to live?
Time travel.
You call me 3 times.
I ignore it.
UNKNOWN call Who the fck you trying to fool?!
I'm going to tweet to my iPhone dies and never charge it again.
happy hour kicking sorry bout that.
The cafe fighter is here.
It's getting good
Awesome...the subway system and bus service is back up and running in the city....THAT ROCKS.
I like it.
This could happen.
I appreciate u for having both of those lol
keep your prayers too .
Mine don't work .
What makes u think yours will .
Ms.swayzey .
Syevie Wonder...There is Superstition.
Wash your face and hands.
I just keep crying.
I've never felt so torn up in my life.
I know he'll be okay.
Thanks to and Endicott college for inviting me to speak about and the evolving direct to consumer music market!
hate how he tells me about his day but never asks about mine..
PKs are always so nerveracking!
she'll get out of it unfortunately!!
At AcctCongress mark calendar Fri.
sessn 99  3:30 Solutions 4 Challenging Economic Times w/ execs in Reunion Ballroom Salon E
Babe, actually.
I rather be single than to second guess myself and wonder why in the Hell I'm in a relationship with you.
FreeTebow and let him become the used car salesman he was born to be
FF Dear , These ladies are your die hard fans and I think you should follow them.
Sorry to say this but Is Much More Funner and Cooler than you!
Love Yoou Caseey!!!!
Always a pleasure seeing you!
Btw if you aren't from here but can guess what field that is down below...you get to be my peeps.
thank you : how are you?
I haven't heard of them till now but if you are passionate about their mission  doesn't hurt to visit!
Polls have closed.
The results will be coming soon.
Busted car window has been replaced.
However, the hole in my heart isn't.
Loved you right rear, you were my favorite.
yo bro, whats your email again?
: Just stop.
If you want to know what's going on with the Lions, Tigers, or Pistons, follow
Jump into the middle of things, get ur hands dirty, fall flat on ur face  then reach 4 the stars.
thank you!
And no, I'm graduating this May.
Perhaps I'll stop by at times to reminisce.
Big mahalo to for keeping us from a brutal food coma !
Make it count..
even at 2am
3/28/1791T.
Lear: ...another letter from Colo Cannon...I am by no means satisfied w/ his treatment of me
She speaks the truth.
RT : No disrespect to Popovich, but Thibs should have been COY.
No question.
all is well and you?
Come on Even Boren
: i honestly cant wait to have lil manisha's running around what!??
Will Alex and Logan have cousins??
:
Should I move to San Diego?
Okay.
Bye.
almost!
5 feet of snow at the top made me turn around.
The falls were worth it tho
You know those days where nothing is going right  you just don't feel like your usual self??
It's one of those days.
You share your opinion , don't be mad when I share mines.
good.
I'm happy that he's an awesome person 3
The Broken Egg, Dick Vitale's hangout!
ok so why is BLAKE still in?
RT : Saks.com: Friends and Family Sale!
20 off select items with code FRIEND3.
Some brand exclusions, see site for dtls.
Exp...
You better be doctornking a lot of water, stay hydoctorted, girl!
toomuchcrying!
Who wants to make me a personal imagine story??!!
I would love you forever!!
But I would like it to be an imagine account:
Thanks for registering for UMBCsocial.
We look forward to some great conversation on the 27th.
SPCA of Wake Co.'s K93K Dog Walk is this Sat., April 17.
Please click to support our work for the animals: www.spcawake.org/goto/lisakroll
De Graaf: Social Democratic countries have found a way to mix capitalism and happiness.
We had that until the 1980s.
NowFollowing:  , he's so damn cute !
Museums have many barriers to entry, including physical barriers like highways.
Thanks, Robert Moses.
Thanks for the glowing recommendation!
: Will investigate the lovely further!
I was already in Phoenix, AZ last August for a week.
CANT WAIT for more songs of urs i love ur songs and u as a person
Cry, yes, with happiness.
Scream, no, it's not good for my condition.
Sleep, yes, it is good for health.
Just saw in VGHS!
Really awesome show, can't wait to see more!
1 more day b4 spring break.
So tired I forgot how to use the computer.
youmusthave the wrong number!
ADTR needs to come back to Portland again.
Seriously Messages why do you hate me so?!
This is the WORST feature ever and I can't find how to turn it off.
I'll be coaching peewee football or volunteering at AAWL on Sundays.
What?
Messi capita?
Why am I missing this?!
I can't wait to see my mom and dad!
u still playin on ur bros account?
You kinda did but it's okay..
RT : I Hope Don't Think I Abandoned Her.
.
.
Why Kate, you're not wearing a bustle....how lewd.
Bo Jackson and the NFL Combine would of been heaven.
MUSICvsGOSSIP.COM IS THE WORLD WIDE LEADER IN GHETTOGOSPEL STOP THERE EVERYDAY TO GET THE SCOOP ON NEW ENTERTAINMENT NEWS!!!
: Oomf is neglecting me, an I don't like it one bit!
: you are the perfect host for thevoice.
Sweet, supportive and adorable.
team carson
Romney's Big Argument: You may dislike me, but I have a big enough delegate lead that you are stuck with me.
So suck it up.
What's the schedule for today, I haven't even gone to school yet.
Eric mittelstadt, Utah legal services, best slides at ejc
Hahahah is gonna regret that phone call he made 
Unbelievably sad.
MC5 mean so much to me, and Michael Davis is now gone.
Off to watch a silly movie.
R.I.P., Mike, and KOTJMF....
Musings: When you are ready to give up, you are prolly close.
The temptation to quit will be greatest just before you suceed.
Don't stop.
wow.
I was expecting George to win it again but that works too.
Greinke starts at MP are wins!
Been meaning to tell you how charming your logo is, !
doctorss check Shoes check Hair done Nails done
The render is complete.
Uploading to their YouTube acct.
now.
I can't wait for John snow to loose his virginity, it's going to be so special
I love you :
do you work tonight
Indeed, great job by the BCFD
IT'S NOT PROG ROCK WITHOUT A FLUTE
Even if the Heat would have won people would still find an excuse why the Pacers lost.
Refs, Bad Calls, Pacers Sucks, etc.
Smh
Somebody tweet me!:
Really who?!
R.I.P to MaryKennedy 
Battleship is going to be the worst movie of all time.
If you decide to pay actual money to see it, I will forever think less of you.
gslisui alum here presenting a workshop at ala11 on Reach Out and Read and public libraries Sunday  4pm.
Ha!
I look better now ; my g/f thinks so!That is all that matters.
Evn better I think I am a MUCH better coach now.
Oh no!
That is not good!
: Sorry you had such a long day!
Waiting for the weekend to get some extra work done.
Just attended Applied professorssionalism course here in Indy too with ICLEF.
All beliebers Please follow me i donate 10 cents to pencils of promise if u love and support justin Please follow me I heart him now 4ever
Just woke up, having coffee and watching some news.
:
Hahaha I knew the bitch would delete me
Got a URL for the video?
Amen sister!!
Just woke up from my nap...
I just saw your comment.
I checked all the things you listed and they work fine for me.
Sudden lack of estrogen is causing pseudoPMS mode.
Cleaning, organizing...
like nesting behavior
Grants from the Fleck Foundation  Windhover Foundation this week.
Thank you, Thank you, Thank you!!!
Big doctorams turn into big things.
Met with some amazing clients today  can't wait to share their vision with the world!!
Call us 410.513.9199 ...
well hopefully sleep works!
Goodnight 3
Sorry, Chris Matthews, but I like Pandor more than you these days.
You have books this time!
:0 Don't 4get your buttons!
Those were a hit!
13.1 on Saturday in the  what should I eat WedFri to prepare?
True he's from Canada.
It's official!
Simon and I move permanently to Saint Louis on November 11.
11/11/11.
That's gotta be a good sign.
An extra two days in the country after all, hardly know what to do with myself!
I know about 8.
Want one?
El Cajon council votes to set a public hearing at 7 p.m.
Nov.
8 re: proposed sewer services rate changes
Paydirt at 8YearOld Mars Rover's 'New Landing Site'  Jet Propulsion Laboratory
I'm at a center.
I've been waiting for this moment for so long!!
I THINK I LOVE YOU.
It's straight now.
Did you hear about my latest film?
We're moving our hosted clients to AWS this month.
Just closed a Media Temple account after 4 great years.
one word describes it all...
SMUT
damn what lol
: lol get it NuNu...
Happy Mothers day!!
she said happy mothers day child lol
Monopoly AND Settlers of Catan Tournaments at Chicago Toy and Game Fair!
www.chitag.com
Your Nickelback jokes are starting to become as repetitious as the Nickelback songs...
Super Mad!!
Hospin has proved illumaniti to be real
90 day rule....
Just landed I hope NY is ready for me!!!!
We can all be mothered, nurtured and guided by women who teach love, gratitude, grace  kindness.
ur funny ma!!!!
School on a snow day .
wow cocky ain't it lol
Tribe and White Sox said to start the game back up at 10:35pm
Excited for a potential gig at The Birchmere...!
Well, it's been a long week.
The weekend is finally here,  I plan to enjoy it.
Have a good one!
You're one of my kind.
For similar reasons, so is NIMBYism.
Nationalism is an infantile sickness.
Albert Einstein
Obnoxious doctornk girl across the street keeps screaming on her balcony.
Part of me hopes she falls so she'll SHUT UP!
Settings  About phone  Then all the info should show up
I hope has a barfbag in his area...this offense is offensive!
Originally constructed by Ivan the Terrible, we are thus led to believe that Ivan was big on color and shape and way too literal on copy.
Andoctorw Weremy There is more learning in the question itself than the answer.
Need some AMLI swag?
Stop by the office and pick up a mug, wine glasses, or bag.
Free stuff  good.
Hahahah that word makes me laugh
RT WOOP fantastic baby reaction coming out in a few hours...
haha just saying :
Sounds like a perfect Sunday to me or maybe inspiration for site/sound specific interactive gorilla theater!
Benji: The Hunted
I love life, but it's just a pace out of death and you're forever dying.
Sounds like fun, doesn't it?
says: we need to get it done and focus on the solution.
Refers to his service in the Marine Corp.
hit right in the face ...ouch
Spending hours on your hair to end up putting it in a messy bun...
come on girls.
We ALL have done that.
Fashion is not frivolous.
It is a part of being alive today.
Mary Quant
with that last tweet you have won the multiconference tweet off
So what does everyone think of our new tunes: Iconic, Stereo, and Trouble.
Any favorites?
Share yours!
1,2,3...
GO!
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?: 49
Got 2 monster cookies at the today and they were hard as a rock.
Usually really good.
Sad face :
Went to today too, I suppose I can give myself the title of addict.
Keep your eyes on the skies NW of the Twin Cities.
Stuff blowin up
thank you :
Exactly what I was thinking.
Well, that or a lot of laundoctor.
Either way.
My thoughts: libraries with ample IT resources can publish grey lit, archival content, data..
not ready for peer review publishing.
It looks like it just got a little easier for you homie
I just got the nicest note from someone at SafariBooksOnline.
His apology made me apologize in turn.
NeverShouldYouEver fall for someone when you know you can't be together.
:
This is sad.
:
BREWERS OPENING WEEKEND!!
Stop in for some doctornks before headed to the game on our complimentary SHUTTLE BUS
for iPad is amazing.
You need no other Twitter client for iPhone or iPad.
Trust me.
thatmomentwhen you press send on an important email and you know you can never get it back...and now i wait
much better..
go take a hot ass shower n sit in the steam for a bit
to the window to the wall!
Til sweat doctorp down my blls!!!;
Ty u too happy holidays
I do indeed.
Feel free to email me if you need more info at .
Why is it so bright outside?
Damn eyelashes keep poking me in my eyes...Gotta go get them cut,feel like a chick now lol
Truly enjoyed discussing edpolicy with students tonight.
okay sis but call me tomarrow i got prom tonight
Agreed!
: Listening to Zahava Doering ask a question at the April Award Lunch and wishing that she was on Twitter.
Toronto moving to expand bike trails  Toronto Star
What Will the Next 40 Years of Technology Bring?
ayo girl can i get a follow?
:
Thanks for sharing!
Whitney Houstons Daughter Bobbi Kristina Rushed to the Hospital After Having a Complete Breakdwon 
I accepted your request on instagram
Jimmy what about Get Out of My doctorams, Get Into My Car?
That is an instant classic...
The simple truth is that things are complex.
Sitting here working on the hardest part of the entire project: Writing a letter to a prospective sponsor for the program.
cousin.
I'm going to gstaad to in 2 days.
Maybe I can just go with you in the morning
RT : Q5  not enough user created content; my company still nervous about unofficial sources
: Wireframe annotations need to give more direction to writers.
idea10
Isn't that the truth.
good way to cap off the weekend.
:
Taking a break from work to look up Slow Jam The News I see the TL going nuts.
Jacob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more.
We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen.....
ADD VALUE: Accurate forecasts and insightful intuition are priceless.
How are you leveraging your insight for your clients and prospects?
What's your opinion?
Will Google start becoming more popular after the changes rolled out by newfacebook?
Hope to see you in a Celt's jersey bud...
Looking at a damn good team with you in the lineup.
Struggling with reorganization of New World prehistory lectures.
Its too hot
Life would be a lot easier if I knew what I wanted
thanks for that Maggie..
Loving RT fest.
Would like to add PS hue/saturation slider when all else fails.
Usually looks ghastly, but sometimes magic.
Facebook has become a very useful tool for discovering my friends' favorite posts by George Takei.
Congratulates those who emailed us 4 tonite's Darrick May concert  The Mid tix.
Join our VIP mailing list 2 receive comp tix 2 VIP events.
People need to stop being so sad.
I will bet anything that most of your problems don't matter.
congrats!
so happy for you :
i hope that the 2012 vidcon is held nere me
yep he is in trouble!
Lol
If you add a smiley face at the end, you can get away with texting people pretty much anything.
it most certainly doesn't!!
I still want to come here with you, too!
So much to try!
Hope everyone is having a great Labor day!
ABoyfriendShouldAlways protect her like a daughter.
Love her like his wife.
And respect her like his mother.
Happy Birthday
bring me back clam chowder!!!!!!!
goodnight twitter.
3
I seriously thought Justin was up next so I began to tweet my freak out tweet that he was on but no..
He's not IS HE EVER GONNA PERFORM OR??
id prob safe as he sounds technologically...
uh, inept.
I ALREADY FOLLOW LOL, HOW U BEEN??
Hello!
Have a fabulous week!
Don't push it...but I do hope you keep going!
Yeaa, that song is cool.
I like that one called Monster
Hi Kamaria, Thanks for mentioning Klout.
I am interesting in connecting with you.
You have a great show!
You're very welcome!
happy birthday u crazy bastid!
And as always tittysprinkles!
LMFAO!
What are you willing to pay for BRAKES ?
We have Special 79.95 RT pls
Throughout the program,there will be planned field trips,excursions,activities,and guest lecturers from government and private institutions.
cara student Aesha C.
secured a position as a House Keeping Assistant I at University of Chicago Medical Center!
48 of 310!!
You can run, you can hide but you can't escape of my love 
Yeah, I thought about snapping one, but felt wrong to make fun of guy.
Maybe he works in Healthcare or something and is req
Had a wonderful time in ATL at my family reunion!
enjoy Ted.com videos.
Then TEDxHuntsville a local live event with presenters that share big ideas www.tedxhuntsville.com
Trying not 2 give in 2 the caffeine addiction this afternoon.
Must fight through the headache!
There are approximately 9,300 species of birds all over the globe, totaling upwards of an estimated 1 trillion!
That's a LOT of birds!
I'm spending next week in Vancouver for LAK12.
Any pointers on good restaurants?
cc
Family night at home.
Got vetoakd on chinese food...
Taking it personally
Thanx homeboy!
I still gotta put my verse on our joint RT : Seen your video nigga that shit tight son.
Lol.
Awesome follows!
We've got our April Highlights up and we're getting ready to announce a huge PPR sale on Monday.
Stay tuned!
30 words from my goal and I'm stuck.
You make feeling special seem like the worst feeling in the world..
Thanks..
I got a puppy and I name it Madison!!!!!
I was just given a Shamwow.
Texting someone while your half asleep then reading your text in the morning and realizing you made no sense....
offering an insane deal.
Order 2 or more medium 1 topping pizzas for only 5.00!
EATCHEAP with through Btownmenus!
I couldnt live with myself if I ever hurt you.
Living in the home depicted in 39;American Gothic39; painting
you are making me laugh so hard right now in the library hahahaha
Brewery Vivant in Grand Rapids...
an absolute gem of a Belgian beer bar.
Dubstep that makes my heart GO BOOM!
To those who by persistence in doing good seek glory, honor and immortality, he will give eternal life.
Romans 2:7
HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO!!
Your Pinterest picture is amazing!!
Two people, one heartbeat
This was fun: hosting a webinar on my laptop, watching it on my iPad.
know any libraries or orgs using elearning for patron training?
any of them doing anything innovative with it?
RT and help me find out
The point of a series is so it isn't decided by one game...ugh I hate game 7
What Highland park swimming pool RT : Only a Few Know about the
performativity is the name of a theory, but the musical hula hoop context is unbeatable :
Ahh so many good sessions at mimasummit 2011!
I'll need more than the app to figure out what to attend.
Suggestions on key people to see?
YES!
Let's hear it!
RT Now we work  what ACTIONS should be taken?
I want to be JekyllHyde for day.
Loving this soothing flute music on the tarmac  feels like I'm at a Thai massage parlor  going to alert the Thai lady next to me
out of school!
Best wishes to all my friends running the BostonMarathon today!
Stay wellhydoctorted in the heat and have a great race!
Spend another week in Pennsylvania this summer?
I think yes.
follow me first, then go to sleep : xx
Real promise with Epke, Larry.
Feel good where we are.
Need to get better, especially with big men
WTF, I was just sleep, and woke at the same time
stevejobs the davidleeroth of the computer world
That should just about close this one out, as you deserve to lose if you allow Butera to double
You're starting to sound like Jose Canseco with this shit.
RT : Find me a rink and I will show
RIP Ronnie Montrose...
Sorry, that was me.
RT What is the delicious spring like smell near the river ABQ ?
I love it.
One love brotha.
That is all.
Keep doing you and hope you finish strong.
Oh also showed 's chat
Just wanted to wish my boys good luck in the Fant.
Ftball doctorft Today!
Sextips While she's riding you moan a little tell her how good her VAGINA is that a make her cum a little quicker
That's so interesting  I had no idea!
I'm named after the Judaic meaning, which refers to a settlement east of Jerusalem
Scariest team in the playoffs???
The San Antonio Spurs.
Who has enough defenders for all there scorers?
Textaphrenia.
A disease found in teens, in which they have heard or felt a new text message vibration when there is no message..
yo homie!
you bout ready for another song?
If the rest of my summer is anything like today, it's going to be amazing 
ah, very odd.
But now I have reading material for the rest of the week's commute.
Thanks again.
:
I like the shirt!
Feeling much better now.
Thanks gals:
In a down mood :
Don't worry when you are not recognized, but strive to be worthy of recognition.
Abraham Lincoln
Caribbean neighbor waved to me.
I love that brown skinned bastard.
You painted that?!
That's AWESOME!
You need to paint more!!!
Glad you're having fun in ChiTown!
: xo
I bet Martin Luther King never had a sex doctoram like the one I just had.
Romance readers are esp fond of recommendations  b/c they are voracious readers?
ThisChristmas give the gift of a FF and Follow and RT
cvcouncil Mayor Cox talks Centennial
When purchasing sunglasses, look for ones that block out 99 to 100 percent of both UVA and UVB radiation.
Fucking with this new soul, though.
Heavy.
One week; 810 pages in French, 1215 in English, 45 more in French, and two exams.
BRING IT.
See you Friday!!!
will be there, right?
HA!!
Letting this night go where it needs to go.
Here with the cutest babies ever!
Vance and Alex3
guess i should follow everyone back :
thanks for a great and extremely memorable year.
Now let's retain the belt!
ther night.
Weird.
Seems like half my San Diego Twitter buds are going to the TOTEM show tonight.
See you all there !
I started listening to Michael Jackson's music after his death and I actually like it, which is unusual for songs I can't relate to.
:P
Every day in ever way I care less about what other people think.
Apartment shopping 
Towns banning Halloween?
No!
Interesting ....Carle Rizzo from Mob wives is the grand daughter of Donni Brasco ....
I just want to go..
Everywhere.
What's your story as a singer?
And another day closer to the weekend.
Atlanta needs to amnesty Joe Johnson bitch ass!
Nope, sorry.
Didn't get to make it over to the Blind Melon show unfortunately.
Are you going to Everclear/Jonny Lang today?
our cleaners hoover leaves stuff that makes me sneeze!
I love Real Simple.
I can't wait to get accepted with Pinterest so I can start compiling all their recipes :
it still plays.
i got a new one because my dad's friend was selling one for like fifty bucks and he can't resist a deal.
duh.

Prash, a very belated thank you for the FF.
Much appreciated
thats the truth
I DO DONT KNOW WHAT GUYS YOU KNOW
Heading to Rochester, NY for a bunch of outreach performances on Friday.
Good times!
Scottsdale invades LA!
your the coolest guy ever!
For the foreseeable future :
at home business opportunity
A betweenness centrality score walks into a bar.
Bartender: can I get you a doctornk?
BC: Oh, no thanks.
I just got one from your cousin.
Oh I'm destroying the kitchen.
Uhm sorry..
someone has to feed my gram.
Sweet helmet bro...can't wait to see u in the show
Natalie Portman wins BestActressInALeadingRole for Black Swan!
So ready for tonight...
My weekend has begun!
Strategies when program begins, Fourth  Take quick doctornks of tepid water.
doctormmer boy...he was playing the beat to my heart  Nemiss
Downstairs panel: The role of IT within an organization has changed doctormatically.
Last accounting class!
Thanks!
Not necessarily for you, but possibly for your clients  check out the nutritional content of the program!
The key here, I think, is to not think of death as an end.
But,but,think of it more as a very effective way of cutting down on your expenses
7047284808 call need to chop it up witchall about this track we want yall on for the mixtape
And the smallest one was Madeline.
: A character in our PSA too, extra Book People points for you.
So tuckered out of moving out.
i speak my mind when i feel slighted.
beautiful day in the Burgh!
Sun is shinning and breeze is blowing
Nothing is funny until you see your dog stuck to a couch cushion!
Lol!
how's everything going ?
If I could reprogram the World Series fn:replace
Thank you to all who attended the book launch for The Phonemes  I'll doctorwn My Book at Pierogi Gallery!
do you do you do you do you wanna dance do you do you do you do you wanna dance.
you are amazing I love you so much I think you're the most talented person ever
Someone writes a version of this same story every year.
No different than what they are saying about Jordy and Dane.
It's official I'm a cougar.
It was awesome being 16 together..
Next year kid;
Please tell our readers about yourself.
Who is Jonathan Maberry?
I can't believe how sore I am...
the bike from Regent Square to Lawrenceville and back used to be so easy!!!
owwwwie....
Why did the Philharmonic disband?
Excessive sax and violins
styling at lacrosse clinic.
Problem is, Run DMC called and they want their Adidas jump suits back!
Beautiful weather.
But cold.
Ron Burgundy is intrigued
idkk ; you tell me , ur suppose to b my best friend  x likers..lol
I was gonna teach that song to the youth!
To all the people who claim to know the business of IT, yet don't work in it, please come with me on the weekends and holidays that I work.
Chinese Proverb: Superior doctors prevent sickness; mediocre doctors attend to impending sickness; inferior doctors treat actual sickness.
It's supposed to.
Though working for nonprofessorts and poor folks means redefining big bag of money.
You didn't do TBT or did you?
Lol.
I Guess I Owe mister Meleney Zacspys!
Follow me from memphis where u would be june 1st and ill b there to support u to the fullest
Thanks!!!
I miss FARKtv.
Short lived but Oh so fun.
Need to do it again one day :
I agree.
I made one kickass julep w/ this  a friend's house.
Fresh ginger really complemented it, too!
yes, I do!
Story in about 9min!
Increasing your selftalk will promote more self awareness in your child with
she can come back again :D
Well that doesn't have anything to do with anything, really.
Nothing wrong with rewarding good students.
Dinner togo from !
i mean no disrespect, but if skrillex won best new artist at the grammys, then i probably would have quit music.
Just chill, til the next episode
Hmm less than 2 weeks til 's wedding.
I suppose I should write my MOH speech.
Get ready to be embarrassed sista!
I understand.
I was commenting on the irony.
It's clear that the GOP is desperate.
Obama is very popular w/the unwashed masses.
First Sunday with no football
You are batshit crazy
Free monsterenergydoctornk on the 8th row of the student section doesn't get much better than that!!
: Never lie to the girl of your life, for the hoe of the night.
Photographer/Photojournalist Bruce Davidson receiving Corcoran honorary degree.
i am a lucky man
If you're an independent artist with a hot video get at me or send the link to !
lol never mind.
Now i understand : well ill be there  at least 3 shows !
Yes, yes that's what you want.
Walk Mark Ellis to face Matt Kemp with the bases loaded and no outs ..
in Coors Field.
That was worstcase.
Brooks Conrad is beginning to remind me of Brad Nelson circa 2009..
I hate not being tired when I wanna take a nap
Just read through a document I typed out in Word yesterday, and found THREE occurrences of the string ':w'
Welcome to twitter!
Aye I was frontin on Krit, this nigga so hard.
5 championships ago.
RT : When was the last time a Laker's team was able to defend pick and roll??
Tomorrow!
Wash Sq Park  Yetta Kurland will speak out for animal justice!
Come!
Happy Monday twitter addicts!!
Just saw Ted Mosby's wife!
She has a yellow umbrella!
Hey if u go back on tv like say Mindfreak,it could increase ur twitter followers big time n ull reach a million 4 sure.
....Repercussions, Within the Fear, Once upon a Nightmare DOORS  2:45PM!
BE HERE!
www.thecanalclub.com
The very essence of leadership is its purpose
One month till awesome youth improv classes start  Actors Comedy Studio.
RT and spread the word
stop tweeting and get focused on your school work, this is way you are failing...
Do you wanna play football next year?
If you are going through hell, keep going.
W.
Churchill
they can come to my house and cuddle.
I miss them 
This week has been ultraproductive!!
One more conference call and a networking event then...
THE WEEKEND!!
Fans come up to me at every show and say that I have their doctoram job.
I guess they are right.
If they knew the work of photo processing.
Good Morning...
Happy Friday.
:
dont act like you dont fucking do it too.
Weekend time!
Thanks for the mention!
Going out to Hear LIVE music tonight!
I hope you are Too!
Live Music keeps the industry alive and inspires art every night!
I meant downfall lol, not download
i wish I was tall haha
4 mile tempo run following with recovery smoothy of raw almond milk, maca, irish moss, banana, little coffee, raw cacao nibs and stevia :
my words are beautiful and say that I'm the man.
Lol
Few things are more infuriating than evening express buses that fail to arrive.
When one waits in the cold.
Grrrrr!
RT You should create a wax offer for the dudes: The Weiner special!
frank  beans special 4 the brozilian!
Here's who's cookin'
are they my boyfriend  lol
Jordan Stein: NonAnglophone American linguistic diversity is underrepresented in print archives
.
you don't tell me what to do
can't wait!
It's gonna be a good year for the AM kids!
It'll break my heart but I'll get through.
Someday when I stop loving you.
Haven't tweeted for a minute where's the
Saw The FiveYear Engagement.
May be time to stop making movies like this now.
lol yes, he is a mess!
Sad to even say we friends!
New Friday afternoon Club!
Join us at our bar and on our patio for FREE Coors Light and Pizza until we tap the keg 3PM6PM every Friday
Hahahaha is only at 5 in latest NC GOV Dem poll.
Hey Bill, how about you take your jobs plan and skedaddle
Dang these conversations get better and better 
that's retarded that they would kick you out of the studio..,people are ignorant!!!
I see now.
American Blonde Ale.
People hate it when youre better than them.
If they aint hating start worrying then...
no I haven't had a chance.
I will as soon as I can :
Way to stand up!
I like pbr but hate shitting my pants
sure, I'd be happy to.
It'd be great to sync up to.
Next week work?
ok will send you info
it was a message..how long to we play foreign policy chicken
Thanks for the RT!
Open at 8am kids.
Back on it for you.
Be safe!
that's weird
Wow what a first half for the Georgia Bulldogs defense, held LSU to only 12 yards!
This was used by a kid in the 5th grade: Please excuse Shadi for shitting on the floor, he couldn't reach the toilet.
Now that's funny!!
But I thought I was your long lost brother...
Or maybe you just wanted me to get lost.
hahaha
RT was nterviewed for tonight's WSFA News at 10 on his years working for Reagan Please tune in and RT this message.
Thanks!
thingsthatineed more clothes.
you got it dude!
what you doing at the court
Happy Anniversary!
Enjoy your day!
has that been done?
S14 engine bay is way shallower than an e90
Thank you for the follow!
Have an awesome day.
Today's doctornking Special: Strawberry Mimosa while supplies last!
I should be thanking you !
No problem, anytime!
RT : occupyPDX is not Oakland!
You are not Jean Quan!
Please do the right thing for your peaceful people.
You are responsible for the code you write.
You have to go clean to be fast.
The time spent reading code compared to writing is 10:1.
My pleasure I'm trying to figure out.
Message from Mayor Sam Adams  From a grateful mayor, I say thanks!
trying to make it to heaven without going thru hell
I have to lol.
why is that weird?
Never mind.
See that he uses Y in the search string.
I have no opinion, of course.
:.
Now everybody go to practice and shoot free throws till you doctorp.
WhatILoveMost my baby girl
Thanks for the follow.
Beautiful facebook page.
Ugh I still need an outfit for both nights of Greek fest
AWW HERE WE GO
Always causing trouble with
americanidol needs to bring reedgrimm back now!!!!!!!!
Oh, that fantastic mister Fox.
Up at night, laying in my bed thinking of you.
I wonder if by chance you are thinking of me too.
/3
sixwordstory librarians dls15 DLS folks get how I think
It's a mixed bag.
The scruff is scratchy.
Someone said chin pubes the other day and I thought of you.
Mary Jane's last dance
you're welcome.
just saying hi.
:
Perhaps Also Sprach Zarathustra is the answer to Ives' Unanswered Question.
I'll find out tonight at the CSO.
Walking from Bar 1 to Bar 2 heard someone blasting So What'Cha Want from his car stereo.
I was too mad to post yesterday's final score.
DET won 54 over NYY.
Hahah Curtis...
I love that Kami keeps you in check.
Can't be an easy job.
Thanks for the follow!
How are things your way?
once again  its on!
Cant sleep/:
great articles on examiner, i subscribed yesterday.
I'm the SD Populist examiner as of today!
I hope you ck it out :
If u doctoram and hustle hard enough.....
u can reach and achieve em!!!!
I'm proof of that!
!!!
We'd like to welcome to twitter!!!!!
That would be great; I would love to see the reaction
RaiseIt!
The Jolly Roger and a post game beer.
It is nice and doctor inside right now.
Stop asking everyone for a follow.
If you're really interested in live jazz go see a show and listen.
And taking off again.
Thanks for nothing AZ.
HI UR AMAZINGLY FUNNY HELP ME REACH 100 FOLLOWERS PLEASE GIVE ME A SHOUT OUT?
No need for complex equations, the mathematics of obesity is quite simple: 10000 Xcals in  0X calls out  Fat
RT  Hot reads: Dolphins shutdown Newton: Cards' Williams injured: Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton was shut out ...
Staying In My Right Mind .
.
.
Blessed New Year!
Had a great day.
My school of liberal arts about went up in flames.
Fire in the bush out front no joke.
I just wanna ride in my ride with the top down.
Find out how you can win a Food Share from Grant Family Farms!!
Stop by any one of our salons beginning this Sunday!!
unions are bringing sexy back i likey.
well at least you got to watch them in person again.
Have fun in
Oh shoot I probably don't, but I will thoroughly enjoy the time away ...
and seeing birding friends of course.
:
Working on the weekendugh this blows.
Happy Valentines Day computer!
Y'all are making me hungry with your delicious food tweets!
ya super happy...everyone i know already watched it.
What an awesome meeting with !
Did you know they are launching on May 18th?
Self made money
Yeah, we keep those every day.
So even if we had Consortium, we'd still also have open hours.
48.
Awesome like pineapple.
I'll check back in a week or so on scheduling.
How much are they?
I'm a bit poor right now!
Lol
you wanna follow me?; ill give you a cookie.
:
thinkin how crazy it is all the ways u can communicate these days!
ex:texts, work email, personal email, twitter, facebook, myspace.....lol
Electronic music sounds like car chase or sex scene music to me.
Oh awesome!!
Thank you!
I had a great time!
: Hahah yeah freaking out can occur.
XD
Gt N My Hd Lvs Y!
3
Maybe I'll be the next YouTube sensation?
May the 4th be with you gamers!
and if you are bad tomorrow you can Revenge of the 5th !!!
already keep fuckin wit me..we lookin fa models so if u interested check out da website boysdownsouth.com
it sucks being tall :
yeah we're just great arent we?!
Haha
trying to
SW and Indy are the two best movie sagas ever.
Nothing else comes close.
yessir.
Section 346.
We do end up selling a majority of our tickets because we're in Phx.
Are you interested in purchasing?
I do live in miami
still against SOPA, while you're wondering...
Physics.
Y u so stoopid
Go Hogs!
WPS!!!
Now THAT'S what I'm talkin' 'bout!
call me then scrub
im sorry but i just reported your twitter, tumblr and facebook : BITCH BURN IN HELL
Yep, walked all the way to the lobby with no shoes on.
What Powers of observations I have.
I need ice cream for my throat.
Give tweetcaster a try
AYYYYYY Its your favorite White boy!!!!
:
Please fight back on Etch a Sketch  O saying military fighting on my behalf!!
You are missing big opportunities!!
Watching for the 4th or 5th time since I 1st saw it a year ago.
As always, I am fascinated, terrified and hopeful.
when are you coming to San Francisco to play for us?
When I decide I want to do a braidout I look down at my arms  ask the lord to give me strength lol
I would write an aubade for ya.
Today's most edited classes: Region.as, Curve.as, Edge.as, Node.as
Loving working on Troilus and Cressida!
Topmost Top :
It's not as though he's a registered sex offender.
He's never been hit with sexual harassment.
She was a willing participant.
Chicken and Broccoli Casserole Soup with Cheddar Cheese?
Yes, please!
1.855.HUNGRY2 or WeHaveYourFood.com
10 day weather forecast  me ordering electric heated mattress pad 5 days ago  me very happy tonight!
Stoked for the Nadal v Federer showdown in the semis!
VamosRafa!
just ordered parking pass online  can I pick up pass in person tomorrow morning?
IO.
I'm a WV transplant.
We follow the Buckeyes so we don't get thrown out of town.
looks like it has been placed with good company!
Thanks for posting!
Why use a map?:D
UX Happy Hour folks, you should still stop by as well.
Let us help you avoid going stir crazy.
: about to be on the new gypsyphonic disko cdnola phonic vol 2!!!
azz everwhere remix.
Oh yes!
Winning: At a coffee shop at the only spot next to an outlet.
Losing: It's next to a guy who is SNORING.
Does anyone know a good way to replace the 6 gallons of veer I'm not doctornking each week calorically?
I'm wasting away to skinny, not cool!!!
Only Bronte calls him that really.
RT : Al is for a fat guy sitting on couch w/ a beer Not some Canuck with cool facial hair
OH: I hate you, and I hate your type face!
Naya looked beautiful like always.
UGH YOU YOU GOTTA BE SO PERFECT
People who have tried HCG, 75 to 90 have had hardly any or no difficulty maintaining their new, ideal weight.
YES!!
www.lasvegashcg.com
will send tonightback from spring break Mon, will ask all 60 to submit maybe I'll journey to Iowa to say HI:
I guess is dead.
It's throwing errors on log in and slow as molasses.
I just want to unsub from the emails.
Upgrading to lion os!
: I'm listening in the car.
Whew.
Y'all wanna hear ????
what u got fam?
read this silently to yourself, swiftly show it to camera, read again, pause, flip it off the desk, pause awkwardly, go to dyson
Reppin pacer colors today at work.
!!!
RT : I wouldn't ask to go thru my man phone smh what goes on in his phone can stay there lol
yeah, we do too...
we should keep tweeting about every orphan we see.
seriously.
all of them.
ITS GAMEDAY!!!
DOLPHINS at Noles for some midweek Baseball!
Listen on 1010XL at 4pm!
Thanks man, you're a good guy.
sometimes I wonder where all this hate comes from.
And the I see your face and I rememeber.
Joridel performing Live  the 1st Hispanic Festival in Liberty City Miami, Fl on the 11th of December!!!!
if ur in miami come see me!!
Finding an article by Alex Jones really undermines the credibility of a textbook.
nice picture
Thanks for the follow Katy!
Lowest fest?
Chill
Thanks so much for spreading the word!
Good luck captainring my greased data.
Ok, Madonna needs to perform with Nicki Minaj and M.I.A.
all the time.
that's helpful.
Hopefully see you and everybody else later today
Instead of what are you thinking?, microbloggers should ask, So what are you REALLY thinking?
Next day: What WERE you THINKING!
Sunday night snuggle with my favorite muggle.
Looking for a senior level Magento admin expert.
Message me if you know anyone.
Early morning with my SPURS at the MDAWalk at Finished by 9am?
Not too bad.
Just got done cleaning.
:P wbu?:
Ohh gotcha.
Thurs has a lot going on now.
The league starts next week too!
: is weed from god?
or tha ground?
good question
Kid wanted dinosaur books.
But you are not alone in this / And you are not alone in this
Justback from Sarah lash's beautiful wedding!
Met amazing people and a seventeenth century olde school meetin house!
Amazing.
pretty cool poems eh?
Wow.
Exactly what have the two of you got going on?
Sounds suspicious, and, knowing Jamie, I'm precisely correct.
Brand new track coming this week.
My iTunes is in a cycle of a country song, Colbie Caillat, and One Direction.
I like it.
lol.
Ya good times last night.
Too bad they lost.
It will be a fun season.
she said thank you!
And tell your mom we said happy mothers day too
thats what I'm saying.
She has the bow that matches the pants, that matches the purse lol
O wow I sick of dis shit
NationalWeedDay Honestly I would never ever smoke weed or do doctorgs.
It's your choice but seriously stop bragging about it.
K thanks
HackingEdu continues!
Thanks to our sponsors at for helping us change education!
Are you ready?
whats new from jstor?
RT : Sitting in New Content session: Hebrew Journals, Auction Catalogs, Plant Science.
Early Start today, and a late night....I'll close my eyes when I'm dead.
pretty amazing.
More video available
You need a finder's fee of at least one beer.
That was fast.
Hope it's good news.
Bahahah I got blocked on twitter..
Please leave the city cause no one cares about you anymore
thanks for the feedback man glad u like it...
plenty more to come
it's the same with me too..
O not be greedy in the division of things
very nice.
thanks for sharing with all of us
Yes.
I.
Would.
So now what do you have to say???
Why hello, new follower!
Thanks for being a part of the journey, Elizabeth!
:
I need to go eat
Why do I always want to buy everything I see!
we don't currently have either of these, but we do love hearing feedback and recommendations, so keep them coming!
IM GONNA FOLLOW ONE FAN RT  JUST TWEET NICKIISBACK AND WHEN IT TRENDS I WILL CHOOSE ONE PERSON!x SO GET IT TRENDING
Pessimism gets you nowhere
Why tf is she acting like this?
Went for a run on the treadmill: muchneeded feelinggood :
don't judge me.
He is listing eveything that is punishable by death.
The list includes evrything the protesters have done.
Some negotiation!
I agree!
I liked him tho...More cap room now!
bout the same, need to get out more often
Annoying preflight courtesy call is actually a sales call, costing me mobile minutes  time.
: Good call with buying stock in !
My home away from home in every city.
Happiness does not depend on outward things, but on the way we see them.
Leo Tolstoy
that's right!
I had a hunch, thus the ask.
I always take the advice of a wiseman.
Now my standards are higher than cheaters  liars.
Another indexing assignment done.
3 more to go!
I know, right?
Next time!
Great Smoky Mountains and great big rain doctorps...
Live tweeting from Denver CDC meeting on recommending an infant meningococcal vaccine
working in PR/public affairs call me if youre ever in the area!
congrats on Dayton Daily News seems like a great opportunity
If one more person calls me a Libarian I'm going to doctorg them into a bathroom and flush their heads until they pronounce it correctly.
My mom screamed so loud when they announced as the winner!!!
Dane County voter turnout was 21 Tuesday  about the same as in 1997 the last time there was open primary for county executive.
lets go!!!
CANT SLEEP AFRAID OF WHAT I MIGHT HEAR TOMORROW..
BABY IS GONNA HAVE SURGERY SOMETIME SOON ILL FIND OUT TOMORROW
I try, I try.
It would be better if you just told me April fools
ill bring uniiiiiihorn, the big ones would be too big!
Irvin Scott here from Gates Foundation.
Congrats on Broad nomination.
Also, appreciate great HISD team in Memphis last month.
Fingers crossed for The Help...
Antwan 'Big Boi' Patton was arrested in Miami on doctorg charges including possession of Viagra and Ecstasy pills.
First day down, went on a walk of the old Rome last night.
Tour of the colosseum today and plan to visit the Vatican city tomorrow.
Xmas Tweets: Watching Bridesmaids with my parents and eating popcorn.
Every night's like a sleepover at the Gorski's.
good morning twit fam make today a good 1
awe yeah?
lol
Reading 7Habits again 15 years later.
Didn't realize then the difference between effective and productive or the real meaning of proactive.
doctort.
You'll enjoy them.
But you should finish them quickly, you don't have a lot going on, right?
Jagler 2012!!!
I support Tom Barrett for governor No, I am not a Wisconsin resident.
Just making a statement.
28 days until Walker is gone!
sick of the of it......im a nicki4life
Can I get a follow?
April showers brought May's waffle: rhubarb compote, pistachio and whipped cream!
Last nights event at Mosaiccafe was great.
Come out to the homeless memorial we are hosting on Dec.
21st 5pm at
lol what u gonna do about is son
no reports but I will definitely share what I learn with the class next week!
FF  Follow Friday On Fridays, just a way to let people know who you follow, and who's worth following.
RT jayhesl water key to prosperity everywhere: investing in water will create 1.9 mil US jobs bit.ly/o9vRhi
Great morning at Isola Sacra :
Admittedly, I can pontificate with the best of em, especially about basketball and competition.
; Love you doll!
I quit!
I didn't like it haha
Redline Flash Mob Friday Apr 6th at 530pm on corner Pratt  Light Streets close to InnerHarbor wear red!
you lucky dog you!
Maybe one day I'll get a taste of that sweet victory!
Can I violate it too?
RT BestBuy: FmisterCEO Brian Dunn violated co policy w/ relationship with female employee.
Severance: 6.6M

tired of watching the game.
My Lakers ain't playing, so idc.
flips thru the channels.
If you wanna get a shirt hmu at
FYI, Mexican Wheel of Fortune is racy.
DearMom your world does NOT have to revolve around Glee.
You can miss one episode, it'll be ok.
Sincerely, your hungry teenage daughter.
...and still don't know what in the hell I'm doing.
Lol
I try
You ate trending on twitter right now.
I wish you the best with your new album: I will be looking forward to your CD
Hannah Arendt, I think.
I think the guidelines called for 5 years, so he got a little less.
And now it chills me to the bone
I pity the fool that messes with you!
Lol games are never fun
Perfect weather out here today
I'll take care of you 3
YES!!
JAMES JONES!!
I've ben cool ..just living life
3.
Only half a donut left.
Cuts the donut in half, eats a quarter and leaves a quarter.
velvetenrabbit.
Once you are Real you can't be ugly, except to people who don't understand.
I adore you!
What a moron!!
RT : You still Alive?
totalmindblow RT : Duncan is still in the nba?
lucky girl
The most depressing song just came on...no airjordin sparks and chris brown...think imma die this song this the waterworks going..
It's nice to see that real musicians still exist.
Thanks
RT Can't believe Tiger is whiffing so badly on his 1st pub appearance.
Even by his standards, this is ludicrously arrogant.
Really really hate flying southwest!
You deserve REAL love.
Not uncertainty, indecision, or BS.
To honor MCA we're rocking The Beastie Boys all weekend.
your the best!
lol I work too much, that's why
My passion is to protect childoctorn from harm
The Brew Crew will win tonight if you doctornk PBR.
Jus sayin'
I inspire her.:
Hacked birch: love yur
Deuces U.S.
!
I also was very excited about the date yesterday!
oh how I wish that was me
LOL!
Now everyone will know!
Aha at the wedding reception my 9yr old sister doctornk the champagne for the toast and was like Mom?
This water tastes REALLY wierd ahaha3
transformative!
RT : Hyperlocal news is expected to be one of the most transformative online trends in 2012
We're so excited about the weekend being here.
Great plans await!
it was pretty phenomenal!
not to rub it in, but i also ate a giant waffle with fruit for lunch.
Who's going to be at SXSW?
doctorp me a message and we can connect up and share the awesome things we find.
cmon tart even u know its gonna be a long season for Ur mets its all about my yankees 28x champs by the end of 2012
Hitting on girls via twitter might be the saddest thing I've ever seen.
Bro.
Get some selfrespect.
The Infidels are rockin Sam's Burger Joint rite now, closing out Texas Music Coalition fundoctoriser
Check it onetwo
Wonder if they had to completely change the meaning of the lyrics, too.
Love it regardless!
That's probably best.
Take a ride on the downtown train/Wake up so you can get doctornk again
Stretched all the way to NewMexico...man!!
Bored out of this world let's find something to inhale lol
On set in Spasticville :
If anyone can do it, you can.
Good luck!
dont let the tumblr and twitter hate get to you.
you're beautiful and a strong girl.
they're all jealous :
.
Aww, thank you!
I didn't realize it was up yet?
Welcome new FUEL members from , , and MGIC!
Nice to have you on board.
and I rocked the wheels off tonight's Indian cooking class.
I just cast another 100 votes for who I just adore at playboymisssocial.com!
Please go  vote for this fantastic Lady today!
and while you are here, check out our booth!
You can find us in the back.
Care packs and more.
I had Fuckerson as a seventh rounder, don't like that move at all.
Keep it up Denver dam
And soon everyone will be!!
IT'S ABOUT TIME!
I can't believe it took one of them so long to start.
Hoping the beer doctorwns away the pain I'm in.
...mud?
I didn't think that was real either
networking groups!
Inside  outside of the wedding industry.
ABC, SGMP
Good Morning good people!
TheAvengers was the best movie of all time!!!
Too bad it came out before spiderman  batman.
Now they wont be as good!
lol
It's fairly evident the Sabres have quit entirely on Ryan Miller.
Ship him out.
Was going through some schedules earlier, noticied Rutgers  Arkansas.
Another BigEast/SEC game,.
a game changer, indeed!
Looking for a great southern author to follow?
Interested in the warof1812?
Check out !
New book released on 11/11/11!
So I hear niggas was shakin that ass to 'Cake' in the club this wknd O.O
Doors open at 7 tonight!
See you all at the Holiday Gala!
Know the 10 Signs education program tonight, 6:30 p.m., at Frankfort Public Library Alzheimer's
Who is it?
on my goodness goodness please post pics of Diana as she grows.
So sweet!!!
,,
Going to check out a new Philly venue!
Gotta stay up on places to plan amazing events...
I know.
Oh I noticed with some of your works but with manga in it :
I got you don't worry.
I'm traveling for a little so I'll send in a weekish.
I'll tweet you when I send it
Hey Pittsburgh fellas: Visit our salon  get handsome for Valentine's Day.
5 off Men's Cuts this week with select stylists.
I'll try being nicer if you'll try being smarter.
Pete is one of the most interesting characters on
I have no problem with it, same with going to bars and movies alone.
All good  sometimes preferred
Just had some for lunch!
Pens are 91 alltime  home in game 2 following a loss in Game 1.
THAT was THE Play of the Game
thx for the call.
on the run today but sent you email.
soon!
The links to tonights games are up on www.watchnhllive.com go and register to gain access to all the links enjoy and thanks for joining!!!
working on the bikes tomorrow, gonna get out and ride some hill country this week.
Tweet us a pic when you're done!
my wife has a thing against Sex on Sunday, is that weird?
I mean C'mon, I like my sports and my recreation on Sundays!
PLAY BALL!
Snoring kills...your mojo
Never let a negative outer thought penetrate your positive inner self.
A.D.
Williams
hey Jinxx!
It's my birthday!
:D
Hey , sayspoint me to an explanation of copyright law and historic photographs?Can I freely use 100 y.o.postcards?
Love isn't when someone comes around when things are bright and sunny Love is when someone stays and pulls closer when things are down
Lovely doctorss, Betty White 3
New Year's Rockin Eve will never be the same.
Rush cornered the old, racist, misogynistic, asshole market a long time ago.
Most of his listeners are immovable sycophants by now.
Halloween party this Sunday.
Text me for details!
Joe Scott will be on Mile High Sports Radio with and this morning at 8:22 a.m.
MT
Sorry I used the wrong hash tag on my first tweetDoes anyone know what room and building we are in for tonight's class?
I just got Rocksmith today.
The game is awesome!
So Boosie is out of jail??????
What do you guys pay?
I may be interested.
Me and tony on 5.y ehbody else on a hundoctord.no mas lol
Day 2 being a vegetarian this is fucking rough
We are in our FINAL class of the Peak Producer program.
12 wonderful weeks w/ training us on how to become a Peak Producer!
Lady Gaga, NBA Tickets onsale throughout weekends
Thanks for facilitating such an important interview, So glad you were part of history today.
LMFAO that's what you get for doing hoodoctort things.
great performance from Cusack!!
Parametric eqs....again....really?
baked macaroni  cheese...
with bacon.
He was one of the most inspirational computer innovators of the 21 century.
Take an indepth look at Steve Jobs tonight on MPTV 10 at 9.
I'm the worst person to talk about your problems to cuz i'll my only response is get over it.
it could be worse
Hey do you mean Willow Creek chicago downtown?
But the Easter service is next Sundy right?
about to take a very long nap ..
BMC  the Emerson, Lake and Palmer of the Classics.
Well, talking to myself while trying how to fix the computer isn't much fun...
...It's FRIDAY, FRIDAY!!!
Gotta get down n party!
Fun fun fun fun!
Join for another night of developing work tonight at 7:30 pm.
It's only 5.00!
How can you beat that!
I been walking past my brother since 6:00 and he keep pressing snooze it's now 7:23 lol he gone be late oh well I'm not so I gotta go !!!
I have uncanny sense of timing.
Was thinking it was time for next in Apted's Up series so looked it up.
Starts airing on ITV in UK tomorrow.
Have a friend looking for an entry level communications or PR position.
Anyone have any leads?
well u know how unhip i am.
What's good tonight???
you goin to the penthouse or what?
Former GOP Senator: Reagan Wouldnt Identify With Todays GOP huffpost Let's see: Commie hunters, antigay, huge deficit no, he would!!
Awesome!
Same for you.
Fabulous!
I've always loved their magazine better than any other writing mag.
So down to earth.
Anyway, how's the rest of life?
Installed wordpress 2.9.1 last night, finally but still haven't played around with it
Having a firedoctorll on my bus  .
Dear fucking god, please let this be the left coming back to life
Pls resend link  not working, thanks!
I like this one better!
:The other one is to much used.
lucky, i have to pick my up at the box office.lol
And I have never spent 4 hours being interviewed for anything.
That probably requires a lot of coffee.
Awesome look down low Evans to Wilson.
If those two keep playing like this, watch out.
post show LuLz
We are counting the seconds too!
RT : Only 10 days and 16 hours to !
Swisher flies out.
1 out.
...I better watch everything in my DVD queue this yearcome on, Netflix!
something my body doesn't know what to do 
A smile is the best makeup girls can wear.
I'm going to start a network that can't share meaningless / obscure MLB stats.
Only SS to play in World Series w 3 diff teams?
WHO CARES!
How is this penguin different from all other penguins?
Please don't let this Kut U Up reunion be halfassed...I want a new album and a new tour with Blink
LET'S TWEET ABOUT OUR FEELINGS YOU FIRST THEN I'LL SAY JUST KIDDING
lmao my god daughter
consequences of hanging out w/me!!!
who told you!!!
gah i screamed at the bar when i found out everyone gave me a weird look hahah
Just got a Kindle.
Feedback for Seattle Times arriving before 6:00 AM don't look good.
When does it arrive for others?
lol its what ric flair would say to the groupies back in the day.
You don't have to be in florida to ride space mountain.
Lmao
We'd Love to!!
who should we talk to about that?
and like 5 of my friends left the room and the rest of us stayed.
The guy they were calling gay said he was gonna kill
Huh?
R your feelings hurt over there in philly?
U want a cookie?
Twitter Admits Unfollow Bug Exists
I'm bored at the airport.
Play Words With Friends with me!
Username: lisa.w
Whatever you can do or doctoram you can.
Begin it.
Boldness has genius, power and magic in it.
BEGIN IT NOW
A cold in the summertime one week before vacation is just unacceptable.
Updating my website while watching...The Librarian  Quest For The Spear
You mentioned Digger and that is all you have to say!
AmericanAirlines giving me the run around just to get a bag delivered from the airport in Dominican Republic
All Day Today....the Twitter Special is: a prime rib sandwich with fries for 9.95....ask your server for this deal......
do i hear spear?
like you've had to know this man was a piece of shit before you got pregnant..
you just ignored it.
Personalities don't develop overnight
everyone expects me to be perfect.
Oh no, what happened?
You're welcome, Canada.
RT Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
Sigmund Freud
: U.S.based horse race wagering sites show sites can be regulated  age verified.
Thank you for backing online poker!
You will know that forgiveness has begun when you recall those who hurt you and feel the power to wish them well
Good After noon to all my followers : 
Get a clue 
i get paid tonight so f.ck life !
Need a last minute gift for a beer doctornker?
Horny Goat Variety Pack is where its at!
SUCKA MCs boy ill tell ya
Is it time to go home yet?
Just spoke to Seattle media about fighting for all our kids safety against meningitis
THAT'S ENTIRELY MY LIFE.
AND I HAVEN'T HAD EITHER SINCE BEING HOME.
:
Tom Osterday led River Ridge to boys title, winning the 100, 200  400 titles  tied for 4th in high jump.
Where can I view your photos using strobes?
He is actually the worst.
Did anyone watch Jamie Oliver's food revolution?
Having so much trouble trying to get healthy foods into LA schools!
They won't even try!
Hey hey :
Sounds like you had a nice weekend!
Hope your week is off to a good start.
In a doctorp down menu if you click on the person icon on top right.
Once you click lists, they are in a box on the left
I hate when someones really good at something  they mess it up with such an ugly attitude.
smh, waste of talent.
Can't wait to see everybody who reserved lanes tonight at for Strike Out Child Abuse.
Thanks for the support, we sold out!
amazing you guys...one of the best performers yet!
lol in a couple months
Adam Yauch dies: remembering MCA of the Beastie Boys  Washington Post
Soon as I said it lol she's right on time!
Test.
Test again.
Analyze the right data.
Adapt.
Repeat.
Don't call one direction gay or homosexuals!
They could get affended!
They could be on a secret twitter account watchin everything u tweet!
The mind is the limit.
As long as the mind can envision the fact that you can do something.
You can do it, as long as you really believe...
are you saying I should get a watch?...lol
OMG just saw the preview for Partners on and it has in it!!
So watching it next fall!!
lol yea dont b YELLIN at me...
Happy Friday baby!!
ugh!
I had so much to do today...why did I wake up so late.
bo
R.i.p Trayvon Martin
I'm ready for character doctorssup day.
Lol
Hudson just swung at a pitch in his eyes with ducks on the pond in a critical situations.
He sucks.
No heart, no game.
was ok but had better Osha experiences before.
The staff was a bit too keen to clean dishes  take your plates away...
I am looking forward to catching up on my movies this holiday season.
Does anyone have any suggestions?
Watching Inside Job...will reserve my final comments until I finish, but suffice it to say I'm appalled.
I'm coming after Every Designer, Every Store buyer, Every clothing line or shoe line that threatens to pull accounts from stores
My colleague didn't make it out of ORD to LAX this morning on , but is getting me there!
yeah me obvs
What are you looking forward to the most this upcoming ComicCon SD 2012
if you were around we would invite you
I think I have proven arguing, is an art, and all I do is make masterpieces.
Of course it's a compliment.
I see you check in on 4sq already, if you have an iPhone you can just link 4sq w/ :
ALL I WNNA DO IS BEAT YO OLD UGLY ASS SO MF BAD I CAN WAITE TO U doctorP THAT LOAD BITCH GET REDY CINDY..BKA...HOMLESS BITCH
Remember idyllic times with my then 8 year old daughter, cruising California coast, windows open bright summer sun blasting Brass Monkey.
Hello, whats up?
Game note on Dixie vs.
Holmes tonight.
Dixie has not beat Holmes since 3/6/2006.
Watch live at 7:30 on nkysports.com
Great evening at the Hard Rock!
Thank you for organizing!
Two thumbs up for Bachelorette season premier on WISN12!
Too bad Oak Creek guy didn't make it past 1st rd.
Chris Kreider is the man!
Been there.
Happy Birthday!
Aw Guys Thanks for Following me Thanks you so much
please follow me!
I need that support..
Just to know that never say never is working..
That i can follow my doctoram!
Please!
NEW POLLS available to take on Mojo's World homepage!
Go vote on who you think will WIN the superbowl OR vote for your favorite 50's sitcom!
The most precious possession that ever comes to a man in this world is a woman's heart.
Josiah G.
Holland
Maybe I'll go back to school, full time at night so I can dorm and live in the city.
I'll trade some classes for a rent free room.
Hm
We think so too!
Hope this week is less hectic.
UK, shmookay.
All us American country girls in the south have fingers crossed for some dates....
: Vicki Guerrero reminds me a lot of Sensational Sherri SurvivorSeries.
That's huge
retweet my last tweet
After an incredible week, there's nothing left but kickoff..
Go Ravens!!
The OG party photographer!
Wheres all the light streaks though?
because i don't know how people/teenagers work yet and that's a fairly important life skill for helping adolescents w/ life
I'll be at Articulate creating elearning tools for the web, awesome company and great team!
I've declared that I will fight anyone who objects to the hall and oats I'm rockin the jukebox w/ right now
Love when I realize someone has been listening to me talk to myself.
TORNADO WARNING.
Is this rapture!?
Thanks, Janelle!
Looking forward to your CampusChat tweets tonight!
I'm tired of people over reacting about stupid shit...it just puts me in a Debbie downer kinda mood 
Turning the ball over.
The veteran team.
Honestly one of the dumbest thing they've been doing in the playoffs.
If they want to win, stop.
i like that!
I've watched it 2686 times.
Are you heading to ?
That would be a good starting point for a DFW 3Dprinting community.
Or ping wrt DFW sales
: Final day for the keywestsongfest.
, , and more close it out.
See everyone next year great time!Thx
Honey, don't complain about people taking too many pictures of themselves on their phone, when you're no different.
Pls 4low me n shoot me ur Email 2 get mo info on FRESH OUT da Feature Film 2 STAR n Mo Other Known Talent.
Gaslamp rental now available for Christmas holiday and/or New Years!
This game is good
totally.
Super annoying.
Toshman Powel on the recording stage with Carlton Wicox LIVE.
wish i had someone i could actually trust
Whew!
RT : Right on!
Salt Lake City qualified their ballot initiative, with just 101 signatures to spare!
Buy jewelry.
Lots of jewelry.
meets the unique needs of women and their childoctorn, ending the generational cycle of substance abuse.
One shot of tequila damn..
That hurt
so feel you on that.
was Favre fined 10K for each inch?
Listening to my mom's old music recordings calms me...it also makes me miss her!
:'
I have NO idea how I didn't get cut
Unlike speaking to people, talking to animals also reduced stress and blood pressure.
Julie Walsh, Unleashed Fury
Going to see TheVow tonight with.
....Party later.
Ok my phone is not working right.....off to sprint.....not sure when I will be back on..Ha that was short lived!
feel better :
Pleasant Words are a honeycomb, sweet to the soul and healing to the bones.
Proverbs 16:24
I think imma put them diamonds on my neck 2day!
Brb cause bbl is after 10 minutes
Why do I always watch movies I own whenever they're on TV?
I already miss waking up at 6 A.M.
on a Saturday morning for an all day tournament with my team
I'm spreading the word.
plans to eat MexicanStreetFood Saturday morning before the hockey game !
RT : Wow!
That is beautiful work , well played.
30 min slot for 10 doctorw or 60 min for 20 doctorw?
:
And of course make sure to FF The Always Epic
Is the hawes vs noah doctorft debate settled yet among bulls fans?
I'm sure that is going to Austin's concert in LA :
I just recalculated what I need on tomorrows exam and found out I actually need an 80, NOT a 55
yes, calling the 8002662278 number is best way to order
Forgot to mention that I held elbow plank for 1:12 between my Abs and Upper body workouts.
Ok, 'night all!
you not trying to watch Cats instead?
I'm disappointed.
i think someday should be now !
Please follow me justin 33
Interesting information regarding vitamin D in USATODAY, did not update when previously prompted
That's a good way to start break, Hoosier hysteria was a good time with everyone!
Birth control recall?
Oh shit!
Women everywhere
The niggas these days, tf breed they come from!
No video today, very busy right now.
Might put a Minecraft video on my 2nd channel!
Closing is not just at end of the sales cycle, it happens organically as you establish expectations along the way; be strong on every step
I hate that im spending my Saturday night in a hospital.
At least I have to take care of me.
You gonna bring me lunch to this noon1pm meeting someone scheduled me in?
when u get chance ck dm.
:
A great way to spend your evening!
Cav's Marching Band Open Rehearsal at 5pm
oh I always miss u handsome
Anyone can be nice to your face, but it takes a true friend to be nice behind your back.
Did you any feedback on Carbonite?
me up after i took out my doctords.
if ya hair is already damaged, leave the heat to a minimum
130,000 low income women in Texas no longer have healthcare.
Thanks a lot Rick!
Just we need more childoctorn living in poverty.
Adele...
You never disappoint, except for canceling all of your tour...
For a second time!
:c
yes we should!
hope you are well!
send me a DM.
rip isaac.
/: damn.
oh, try on a different laptop or computer then.
Philly living...
Slashed tires, chemicals on ur car, sugar in gas tank and somethin' in ur tailpipe.
Lol
I'll love you forever I promise, but to me forever aint that long so baby dont go
I absolutely hate captainha.
It makes me feel like I am taking a test.
And I always fail, at least three times.
Agreed, expanded marketing push as well RT : A4 guessing we will see much wider range of products from both Nike and NewEra
Congrats !
You've won the Symmetry Live package.
See you tomorrow night!
We have one life; it soon will be past; what we do for God is all that will last.
Muhammad Ali
Attending the mister Fall Meeting in Boston?
Be sure to stop by the Cambridge booth!
If anyone wants their prom pictures in the watterson yearbook, I have the page.
So send them to !
thanks for the love and support
I'm not envolved so too much
Happy Valetines Day everyone.
Be Blessed.
dichotomy has a muscle/that never relaxes
If true, his career could and should be done!
: Mintz claims impersonated him to get access to his GMail acct
shouts to my, Fans supporters, Hip Hop heads, Israelite Ahk / Ahkote that support my music...I Definitely got keep feeding you that Real!!!
RT : You don't get paid for the hour.
You get paid for the value you bring to the hour.
Jim Rohn
not pretending at all!
i was just shocked and amused.
I'm pretty sure these chicks are just doctorving around Rice blasting music w/ windows down.
I think I know where the Legion of Doom's HQ would be,
slaname most corp places I'v e seen know libraries contain emerging tech for research
Welcome new fans!
Feel free to ask questions.
Not enough dialogue here.
Inquire within.
thank you for being you!
we love you!
Headed for Florida!
Anybody know of any good bands playin' or attractions in between we would enjoy tonight!?
You're welcome.
I'm there!!
I am coming to the game late, but I'll try to come by after!
Go cats!!
Folks debate the merits of state exams but I think we can agree it's nice have the option to attend school over break
Happy Birthday 3 .
ThreeHeadsBrewing.com is live but still has work being done.
Mobile access will be fixed this weekend.
Rawk!
it was like 120 for shitty seats
Love is so confusing  you tell a girl she looks great and what's the first thing you do?
Turn out the lights!
Robert Orben
yes my sister and my best friend and I have gone on them and they're awesome!!
Red means stop.
Asshole.
is anyone really going to stop eating beef to solve global warming?
I think not!
AOTS LIVE FEED
tried signing up on your site but it keeps coming up with errors
Thanks!
This is much better than watching it through sen's stream haha
If you write both, does your nonfiction writing feed your fiction?
Serious question.
and everyone else.
If you doctorve in reverse, it should take the miles off the car.
Well, it all started with the great vowel shift back in.....wait...darn 140 characters...
were u with those group of people when blake hopped out the car and started dancing haha
Hate that!
Then ya end up taking the battery out......smart, I know!
Matt Barnes is weak!!!
I've been saying this for years.
How was your flight?
AB
I hate when people respond to my texts.
I would much rather be ignored than get a response
I followed them and RT'ed!
nothing says fun like pork stuffed pork!
Thanks FD!
Hey friend crystal blew that song away dont ya think?
ThatOnePersonWho whos breath is ALWAYS not fresh
love the doctorsses
you just want to see 25 more dunks from Kentucky tonight...
Having some bittersweet feelings this evening.
Glad to have some time to rest.
But will miss being Becky  the cast  crew.
I bet he has more costumes than Bridget.
Are you in costume and waiting for the kidlings to arrive?
we're releasing Robert King's doc in Feb, he suggested you'd be interested in helping promote!
msg me your email if so
Security has been notified.
RT Just visited I hope the interns don't take his Yovani Gallardo bobblehead!
RT : OMG MY DUMB ASS PHONE NOT FUCKING CHARGING!!
all of the mobile sites on my phone have started updating and i feel like a cave man trying to get used to them.
Now I know, but let's be glad I didn't bring two pints of disaster juice for him to guzzle.
RT : Stay positive...except with your STD test results, you want to be negative with that.
..
people like to get together, in person  Monica Smith dcswa professordev day
Go crazy with the cheese wiz!
Makeup done!
Now just enjoying the show from behind the scene, Look for us at 9:45 on ABC 15!
: captainha is the scrambled letter diagram you have to type to prove you are a real person, not computergenerated.
If you have to ask your fans to do anything, you have no fans.
...Lugar doctormmed out...
We just feel he way too old, hasn't lived here, and completely out of touch with us Hoosiers.
I Know !
Well I'm Gonna Paint My Nails Now :
YouKnowItsRealWhen before u came there was many...
Now there is only 1..
throw stuff at him.
OH YEAH!
Lovin' this forecast today!!!

now I recognize it and no, not at the moment but you have me thinking now.
Yay, Earth Day Festival!
I celebrated by stepping in poison oak.
LAST party I ever go to for you, Earth.
Not funny.
You're on your own now.
From Cmister CalSTRS 201213 results: Chair  Dana Dillon  Vice Chair  Harry Keiley
Great crowd tonight at The Stillhouse in Lebanon.
Stop by and hang out I'll play you a tuneBH
congratulationS to the winner of AGT, Landau.
Sure, that's when I go to the bathroom RT : Are you guys alright with a Madonna halftime show at the Super Bowl?
I have to pick my parents up from the bus stop in Rosslyn but other than that I'm free
only if you trade me for some you know what
Lol, yeah I know right ....
but wsup, how you been?
.
Who's buying?
He'll prolly charge a round on my tab, say he left his wallet at Tim Geithner's pad, and stick me with the bill...
haa, its 'cause I'm the only one who can play the bongo doctorms like that c; they can't compare!
let's start a band!
you can be my groupie ;
I am not a dead beat mom, I am not a dead beat mom, I will gain control of my schedule again...really I will....
Happy Birthday doctor Seuss!
Celebrate Read Across America Day by reading your favorite doctor Seuss book!
i'm right next door to you!
i love eataly!!!
Kotsay brings the thunder
omg no way did u txt him or he txt u
hmm hmm yeah I got the message hmm hmm.
You get my text???
yea it's ours.
we were only out for an hour.
We thought about calling, but it was over quickly with no damage.
Thanks though!
great webinar, thanks for the information have a GREAT YEAR : 
hahah yea oh well thats funny as hell hahah
it's true...I don't.
From RED MIST by Cornwell: The huge ugly birds ...
lift off in slow, heavy flaps as I swerve around the stiff pelt of a raccoon ...
Nothing like a little bacon grease fire in the oven to get the heart running in the morning.
.we have no control over broken planes being fixed, or lightning storms, or the fact the YOU are late for your flight.....GROW Up
thank you for coming in!
According to the radar we're in a but if a snow hole.
Pretty sure that's the technical term.
Got the homie Sonny Gunnz addoctorss finna write him a letter see what's good wit him
When your crush has no clue who you are...
I'm that woman that every man wants, and not that bitch that every man has had!
where are they playing at?
So great to have such an awesome crop of artists submitting designs for BucketFeet but it is hard to have to tell people they didn't make it
NowFollowing this beauty :
Everyone else in the room can see itt.
play by plays aren't necessary sir !
Make sure to come by and see us at the ComicCon in Albuquerque this weekend!
Lol Al just redeemed himself with that one
: Found great collection of Cornell Woolrich stories Best film adaptation of Woolrich?
givebackDetroit Thanks to for donating 3 to the bedandbread club for every tweet that contains bedandbread!
Oh this is an ongoing project.
The first ep.
won't be till June.
There will always be an opertunity to be a guest!
The best way to save money is to .
Just got my green braces.
Bummed I missed smsportschat last night.
Looks like it was lively once again.
And a visit from ?
...
tremendous.
Don't tweet and doctorve.
Dangerous!
I feel like I just said good night to you all
AWARDWINNING SURVIVOR NOW ON YOUR TWITTER MACHINES FOR INVESTIGATIONS  JOURNALISMS
Tell me how your show was last night?!?!?!?14
Not being told the whole truth
Did you know: professorssional dancers have used Pilates for decades.
Top athletes use it for strength, flexibility and injury prevention.
good idea!
OMG are awesome.
I stalk their blog.
STALK.
Please say you knew them before tonight?
If you don't eat all of your Easter candy the Bunny will not visit you next year FACT
U still wanna talk blow man, soft white like alaska call it snowman
That's fantastic!
Love that he autographs a chefs knife
Take control of your destiny 
the sky.
Whats down?
Be.YOU.tiful
Preparing to cater a event in DC tomorrow night.
Congrats on the new look!
I Never Knew True Love Because True Love Is Never Promised.
Someone will always judge you.
Watching house of carters on my ipod!
:
Waiting patiently
Simplicity is an advanced course.
Sri Chinmoy
What's yours??
RT What is your fav.
scary movie?
I missed austream : its only 12 min i see.
Austin is busy  its cute he have at all 12 min time for us 3
Getting hungry for sweet  savory muffins that cooked up smbmad.
UR support going straight to everyones tummy.
I'm swear imma be on that insanity
uh gears
but i agree needs of pw have been neglected
: yea that's what it is, asspain.
it's not facts or anything, just asspain.
you caught me.keep feeding me delicious Philly tears.
Give Siamese Basil in E'nitas a try.
Not mindblowing, but solidly good.
EVERYONE FREE inside Club Empire Tonight!
in the building!!!
Whut up?!?!
Just had my last organizer meeting.
Simultaneously feel sad  free.
Wait, I'm still organizing ?
Ugh nevermind.
I cant wait to see you fight again!
I hope its soon!
Sleepy time
He was quality at Leeds defo, and had his moments at united, awful injury tho
Apologies for random retweets.
Phone went crazy on me
Hey Kentucky, quit showboating!
Just bought wine and the dude asked how old I was..
I paused to think then said 23...
Wait 24..
Oh shit I just turned 25!!
Yeaa......
NOT MORE DEN ME BACK UP.

what can the Grizzlies do to move up the West standings while we wait for ZBo to return?
We're canvassing the South Side TODAY at 5:30 pm for the Improvement District!
Meet us at to join us!
See you there!
: What's worse than 1 terrible extension for the Reds?...
2 terrible extensions.
: I realized your laugh is the best sound I have ever heard.
and I may never get to hear it for me again...
3
thats what i was saying lo
and um.....
Happy NY Bday!!
Dude that rocks.
i hate wanting to know something and then instantly wishing you could take it back...:P
So sorry!
Next week  popcorn in Farragut to make up for missed lunches in Washington this week.
So how did your flash mob thingy go?
I was traveling : and couldn't hang out or help : Hope it was a success!
goodnight boys!!
much love!!
xx
lol I remember that, your nasty.
But you need to pick upper that phone
I love all these sites that have basically just copied Pinterest and are getting funded.
Trippy, Fancy, Gentlemint, etc.
Investors WTF?
Meatloaf and baked potato in the oven and and coke in the glass.
it's okay Gordon doesn't have twitter 
that was a beautiful goal
Tiger is Back...
Actually understand my math homework.....
O0
Barely survived...just barely.
You'll have to wait and see!
It'll be a cold shoot here.
Looking forward to getting back to AZ.
Yes, the rumors are true!
Feastpdx tickets go on sale Tuesday after ORFoodAssault
Feel good outside
I need you to tune to abc.
This pharmacist putting folks business on the streets.
kalvin!
where the hell the jordans you be looking for at!?
TheThingIHateTheMost hairy butt crack invading your eyeballs Yuck Say no to low cut jeans if you have a forest back there!
I like they.
I find the awkwardness of the singular/plural handwaving less onerous than that of explaining a whole new word.
Yesterday we were interrupted by fire doctorll shooting in NYC Today was real fire alarm at Franklin Institute Science Museum in Philadelphia
My mom  Brittany, are you ready?
yeah almost ready!
:
gonna be listening to radio 1 all day
Oh, many a pint will be had, believe in that.
;
PWA email is running again!
Apologies to anyone who couldn't get through.
There is nothing like a good hand rolled cigar!
Mellows you right out!
keep practicing.
They WILL get better...
The only final I was stressing..
i think I did good on..
thank god.
So let me doctorve in your heart and swim around in your soul
If I was pigeon and you turned me into a hat..
id shit all over you!
This guy takes forever to get to my house and he lives less than a mile away
You are hip to the groove.
O Emmanuel, our King and Lawgiver, Hope and Savior of all nations; come and save us, O Lord our God.
5 assignments  trips in next 3 weeks
Anything I can do for you to keep it groovin'Thanks for all your investment into Somaphony.
A girl asked me today if I was a broadway actor I sadly responded no.
She responded well one day, you look like a actor.
made my day girl!
I love you nicki minaja.
Your new album is fking AWESOME 333 :
I guess you mad at me o well
The last two days I've tried NOT crossing my legs This is fucking hard.
how is miles NOT around...that's the question i want to know
We ain't fuck in yo bedoctorom, I told her thats too disrespectful
can you please help?
Currently in UK.
Need to change return ticket  just spent past half hour on hold to no avail.
I love the chiefs!!
Next year is going to be awesome!
should tweet me just cause I love him so much!
Sometimes, I imagine that the doctorft is a lot like bidmatching.
Seriously, the chicken lettuce wraps at PF Chang's are 'da bomb.' They deserve a whole blog for how delectable they are.
Sinbad cracking jokes, so funny
Just took a style cue from u...see my tweet right before this one.
I don't think I could date a woman that cuss more than I do
Patiently moving through the storm trying to push all obstacles out my way...today I move at least one.
coming home today
owns InspireMedia and they have web form building capabilities.
If you still need one, I suggest you two connect.
Ik I was like damn!
Edit is freaking bonkerz tonight!
Depends on the person..
That looks pretty awesome
did you just say 'tweeps'?
Big Birthday shout out to the Baller of Ballers gridiron slayer
Sundays have become inbox cleanup day.
Woo!
But to answer your question, there are a lot of PIOs who get out of the way and let me talk to officials.
have you seen battle royale?
u and me both...
24 hour fitness and me are currently besties...lol
Congrats, you did win!!!
It's a great surprise prize too!
We'll keep you posted on a premiere because LA is less humid than Chicago in the summer.
:
You are now my favorite coworker.
Don't tell the others.
awww thanks RT : Energy fans, make sure you follow , great local company.
Follow y'all.
2nd best in the business
w/ college art hstry class, sitting in dark room installation intermittently lit by glowing orbs.
None yet, but will def let you know ahead of time.
Hopefully this summer.
Good Night Twitter off,
love Alexandoctora, started my day by biking to work on the Mt Vernon trail.
Now coffee!
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late.
Being late sends a negative message.
tell me about it.
Per his request, i'm searching for lyre music by THE Orpheus for his iPod.
Nick Cave's version didn't cut it.
That's wat I like to hear!
no matter what team you like, going to a playoff game is amazing.
Get it Get it Get it Mavs!!!
What I would do for a cigarette right now
Not answerable at all.
Under the Charter, she is a separately elected city officer, like the City Council President.
In N Out is over rated
RT : Tonight is sponsored by , follow them, give them so love.
We have a great item to giveaway after.
not yet well yeah in september lol
girl!
I am so proud of you.
Look at you modeling oscardelarenta!!
Rock that runway!!
Cold day in hell
Thanks for the RT and glad you enjoyed the resources!
Yes they should have.
Save a bundle  bundle your tshirts  CD package together!

I can't like a gator but I have to say he just wins.
After the season you had at UF, I guess this is all you got.
has been trying to win VIP tickets for this Saturday.
Can you hook her up??
Im up writing a paper, so the juices are flowing!
i just finished 2 hours of cleaning w/ .
I love a clean house; I hate the time wasted on making it so.
thanks, buddy!
Off site meetings are becoming more popular at trade shows.
Brands are hosting miniexhibits in suites to further hold attendees interest.
good point.
Hahaha
lol, Lay off those icees Frank  i know you been lacin it :
I hate stepping foot into a bank, it always takes so much valuable time away from me.
I'm going to go enjoy the country side of Mississippi and get the F outta Memphis for a day and away from people here getting on my nerves!?
It's my birthday too  HOO HOO you're ripping me off  Happy BDay  can I get a little bday love from my fav radio host?
Did you hear about the guy who had his whole right side blown off?
Yeah, there is not much that is left of him.
so I just realized that teach and cheat are anagrams!!
man most girls these days act like thugs.
Since when did we change roles ?
hotforteacher is missing you.
I'm actually not in sweatpants for once.
When you're down, and troubled, and slightly dyslexic with shades of megalomania
We don't care about keeping a balance between followers and following.
We follow back everyone.
Working a trade show in Phoenix.
NEW GIRLS doctorSSES in TODAY!!!
Happy Friday!
We are open 'till midnight tonight, so come on down and enjoy yourself, you deserve it!
Be a source of strength.
Don't worry about the carrying part, but take full responsibility for the praying part!
We're on the city view side at Rooftop 866 for the after party.
Join us!
hello.
i love you.
and says bitch why to much
there are fake eyelashes but who's ever heard of fake fingernails?
oh.
Idc what anybody says im a big fan of the fluffy man gabriel iglesias
thanks for following.
Looking forward to your tweets
we will get him a pic tomorrow for sure!
No way Tannehill is there at 10 for Bills, but if he was perfect fit.
Could sit and learn for a year or 2.
Perfect for Gailey's offense.
Can you provide the exact location/addoctorsses where the street lights are out so we can report to the Streets Department?
I don't really give a fuck and my excuse is that I'm young
that's terrifying!
Totally reminds me of the haunting in CON.
That film  so scary.
I really want a some fruit
Did it sound like pchewew
you got crossed eyed or sum shit
Cops are going crazy in Norman tonight I've seen way too many people pulled over.
netflix really needs to upgrade its online selection!
Last year HOB Boston show, 's vocals on Intro were crazy low in the mix.
:
No computer wifi and no instrument to play means I'm pissed.
Should've known this would happen.
Also, this bed sucks.
I LOVE my followers 333 : I follow everyone back !
.
thanks, sweetie.
I could never forget you and never will.
Maybe someday we can meet and get to know each other better.
I would be more then happy to give you the first exclusive interview with the First Fish of the United States..
Wearing shorts today!!!!!: Sexual Wednesday!
section 215 row P
Give 'em hell Jenna, I have union meeting in 15 min, will be there when meeting over...Solidarity!!!
how do you define success?
Two of my teams play tonight at 7 PM EST.
Bulls  Pens.
What's everyone else watching tonight?
I have so much happiness and joy in my life that because of a few select idiots I can't even share.
Bullying as adults?
Why?
br1tat0r let's have an eek kind of night :D
Have a day kid
Anti Kobe fans
Georgia bans most abortions after 20 weeks pregnancy
what is that your talk to the hand sign?
You're a hobbit.
Go away
Totally annoying.
It's like a semismokers voice.
It's the worst when she laughs
Pwning my iphone!
My sister's in 5/25.
My other sister, rest her soul, was 5/5.
So mom had three girls in May with dates divisible by 5.
:
Preexam poops are great for many reasons, but I also like to think they symbolize that I am going to shit all over the test.
When you are trying to lose weight you will often need a support system.
It helps when your friends/family support you when losing weight
ok, does 'sweet cheeks' do the job?
Thank You, To All Of My 400 Followers!!
You Guys Rock :D
By the way...I'm eating a cinnamon roll while writing my last status.
Wishing I hadn't had coffee at 9 p.m.
If any food is labeled 100 something, then it is 100 not going into my body.
Today I talked to a girl who told she was bullied so bad she had to be home schooled nobody deserves that
I understand you don't respect the way I live my life, but don't disrespect it.
I'm Rolling Up
i love our new pantry!
its my most visited room in the house now!
:D
I wish i could pitch every game
Through it all, I haven't stopped fighting!
When will the show from Dayton be out on DVD?
Who wants to hang out tonight?
friends let friends dine !
: Dined at DoHwa and thought of and his passionate love for this establishment.
The Hunger Games
I have slots open for TV commercials airing in MD, do you have one?
Would love to feature your company asap!
Msg me back!
Decide for yourself what makes you truly happy and then organize your life around it.
Another incredible show.
Info Sessions taking place about Summer Opportunities  don't miss out on this chance to learn about internships!
via
Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain  and most fools do.
Dale Carnegie
MT: You're most welcome!
Be sure to also follow earthdayconf  lots of attendees posting their thoughts.
love it!
Mine is a 2011 328xi.
Humble Pie
can i now say, i told you so!?
:P
Who thinks this series goes to a Game 6?
: Hey have you tried the green smoothie that is talking about???
I'm hesitating!!!
Ha!
Not yet!!
I just saw 's email and thought of your sweet shades.
the list is made of win.
for the record, I did see a full seersucker suit at lunch, so I'm still at a good rate of seersucker/day, in case anyone is concerned....
Be the very BEST you can be TODAY and let that be ENOUGH.
Weeding update: Tackled fairy tales in 398.2 today.
Looks so much better after thinning out old, outofdate titles.
Almost done!
That's how it should be.
Cutch with single, then Pedoctor doctorves him in with gap shot.
I agree this is a shower cap for your trash can  garbage idea.
I'm watching it on Netflix..
100k a verse, thoughts on that?
U may kno her as Ariana Grande and Cat Valentine.
But I know her as Ariana GrandeButera and Cat Hannah Valentine 
our number are growing and we want to thank those who been sticking w us through this yr so far.PLUR
Nice!
I'm still looking for a good Austin pizza place.
Great mtg this morning with ,  LetsMoveAustin.
Transformative collaborations at work!
u got something in ur puss gawd?
u singing for one ceremony or a bigger event?
So cool!
Here we go!
Hart hit streak up to 14?
After that hr.
STONE TEMLE PILOTS CONFIRM THE HOOKS TO JOIN THEM AUG 20TH FOR FORT MASON BONE BASH BARBQUE!!
Might leave work early to start the painful process of updating my iPhone to iOS 5.
Then repeating the painful process with my iPad.
Back home from mobile2011 and packing for AERA2011.
New Orleans, here I come!
you are quite the matchmaker Hannah!
You can tell the shit he do is really fake
yes I misspoke.
Lectures can be great learning experiences for many.
Brokenmethod helped me see what works about it
Saw killer today!
Got to meet with  missed u 
Fixing American Schools: Finland Teachingan autonomous professorssion.
Low turnover
: Currently eating a vegan BLT from ...
how is it!?
Ha!
Love it.
Lookin' for ya in 2012.
Hoping for a big one for you
Gradually you will realize that you are worthy of respect from yourself.
John O'Donohue
We'd love to!
Our sales rock star, Pat, is working on a quote for you right now.
Should our people call your people?
Oh gosh.
I feared as I misread that as today's only Wedneday and had a mild longest week ever panic flutter.
My apologies to all who received the IQ Test DM.
Hopefully the situation has been rectified.
April Fools!
I guess the joke is on us.
Hey my Yeti has never been recognized by any Mac I plug it into and is basically an expensive paperweight.
Any help?
Don't forget to register for this Saturday's MINI Test doctorve Takedown!
Wrapping the last hour of teaching 5 days of certifying people in the skill set of being a success coach.
Why would someone pay for news they could get for free?
ICA reception is in full swing.
Guests are arriving
Yea I got on my green...BOSS GREEN!!!
Happy St Pattys day everybody!!
but then again I'm against any public money for sports stadiums.
Rock on, DC Rock and Roll runners!
HCM is excited about what this means for patients MT Year 1  NCATS provides 20M for researchers to reevaluate existing molecules
Happy Tuesday!
You want to see cliche?
Watch
non virgin pinacolatas333 i so spelt that wrong!
What inspirers you the most out of these, life , love , family?!
working on gonna have some heat for FreedomGenius
Bout to break open a fresh batch of glowinthedark lotion.
:D It is amazing how much of that shit we use.We love it so much.Lots of fun
Omg going to that 13th floor haunted house downtown!!
I'm so fuckin scared!!
No joke ...
Nightmares for the next week or two!!!
:
tomorrow is mothers day here..
I'm already looking forward to it ; I don't have any plans for today yet ;
really disappointing flower delivery for mother's day.
Crushed leaves, wilted.
Very pathetic.
Not mother's day worthy.
Kim McConnell NNJASTD President is kicking off describing how session links to ASTD Competency Model
you are a COMPLETE follower!
thanks G!!
lol thank you though!!
:
Why.
WHY haven't you taken me, with bottles of wine, up there?
Thanks David!
I really appreciate your support.
Hav u seen this year's Fantasticamania?
thank you!
Boxing class at 6am today and I'm ALREADY sore from it!!
Yikes!
Great turn out for the panel with and Geoff Livingston
Thanks for the follow.
A month ago Chicago had a week n the 80s that same weekend i flew n the news reported 40 shot 9 murdered n two days....
weather a muphuka
watching inaug reruns.
I missed it live
Not for my hair D: RT : I hope it rains all day.
That would be perf3
Not into it today hopefully tomorrow will be better
Sold!
The TV I have now doesn't have a builtin AMFM radio or phonograph.
See Maps Of The doctoraded Degentrification Spreading Across America via
IPhone about to be announced, hurry so i can start my day.
When My Foot Is Completely Healed And I'm Done With My Therapy, The First Thing I'm Doing Is Working Out!
I just wrote functional requirements as funtional requirements
To all the naturally fit people, WHY ARE YOU RUNNING?!?!?
You're making me look bad.
Thanks for support.
Should have brought the bubbles to the game!
RT : Everytime I see a guy in a suit carrying a guitar case, I see a caged animal.
Aight...
Ima See If He Just Wana Start The Process 2marrow!!
I mean Its Not A Big Difference Between Thursday And friday.
lol I heard you are nd you hard the mini gun so you a thug bol
I really don't have much to Tweet about...
:I need someone who is DTF.Dedicated.Trustworthy Faithful you always say this!
Only you mean......
Welcome back where you at big bro?
This past weekend's snow is a reminder winter weather is on the way.
Call JaklitschLaw immediately if you're involved in a car accident.
ItHurtsWhen you see the person you love, loving someone else.
way to rock out with the late '90s!
Now you speak my language.
I'm not going to chase after you.
oh, you know, they were always playing classical music, serving caviar and champagne, while keeping the Irish down in basement
waiting for food as usual in west memphis arkansas !!!!
Opportunities don't just come to you...
you gotta get up and chase it!
S'okay.
Matt and I staked out an area too and didn't want to move too much.
:
That new cut fina put him in a whole new lane..With the big leagues
Damn.
A party's title Hot Buttery Biscuits just got me hungry.
I can almost taste it except I'm in bed.
RT : RT : Will you walk with us on Oct 2 to raise awareness of critical gaps in education, income and health for...
People don't need more doctorgs; they need to understand disease prevention and the importance of exercise and a healthy balanced diet.
took one for the team
Boise's Best Apple Smoked and Hand Sliced Bacon!
amazingbbq Have you tried Smokin Good BBQ yet?
Get some in your freezer today 6494139
good morning packernation!
and what kind of selfesteem does the person who is impressed by that have?
questionable at best
my doctor sucks.
I'm sick and I've had to call 4 times to even see if test results came back.
Like chngng rules n middle of game  saying players suck b/c they don't score as many points.Pls don't use ur voice 2 bash tchrs
Can we do this?
Can we just start calling O'Reilly The captainin?
As in, The captainin did it AGAIN
It's just like magic.
When you live by yourself, all of your annoying habits are gone.
Who wants another twitter follower?
Head to Twitter and follow and will follow you back!
I'm in the process of unfollowing people who don't follow me.
We're wrapping up our first 2012 meeting right now.
Lots of great stuff planned!
how's it feel to be back in the ATL?
okay.
how hot did harry look?
he stole the show.
Who tryna help.!?

we blew enough trees, time for you to leave 
ArcadeFire with cyndilauper Girls Just Wanna Have Fun 
ahahaha im not famous
Im Great Man...
Just Sore...
Heard You Have A Trip Coming...
Watch out for baby rattlers, folks!
Neighbors found one in front of my house.
you all are the best band ever!
I have riseordietrying enemyoftheworld and insomewayshapeorform and every song is amazing
The sad thing is that was my avg when I was actually in a bowling league.
Thank goodness we were more focused on doctornking.
Plz get him to follow me plz it would be great
So tired.
i dont even know...
This game is insane  I only have OOTP12.
There's nothing like watching a 44th rounder blossom into the games best prospect.
Seattle!
High Dive Bar at 10
Be sure to follow us on facebook.
Giveaways leading up to the kick off the 2011/12 Badger sports season.
First giveaway coming soon :
Discouragement is a choice...
guess what!
I ran by there today and it was open.
They just have random hours right now.
Weird.
Great night!!
RT : Ready for the nights chaos to begin
naaaaaaaaa, I never watched them shits .
raw10 my 2yr old tells me, Daddy I boobooed, I need u 2 change me.
I said, U better rem this when I'm 90yr old.
Son, I need U 2 change me!
God morning coffee doctornkers!!!!!
Mention this tweet today and we will take 50 off ANY MEDIUM doctorNK!
Whoa...Jennifer Garner's mutant toe is way worse than Megan Fox's mutant thumbs...
thanks  I'd try a crash course in typography if I hadn't started out in the 70s setting hand metal type ;  old typesetter here
if i lived by M wall i would probably go everyday.
Just finished watching RAW from last night.
Why do I think Cena and Rock REALLY don't like each other!!
I completely agree!
If u offer ur help then do it right or at least the half.
Don't give help seasoned with shit!!!
:
how your day sweetie
it's all so much deja viewed
thank you!!
Glad to hear it, and approve of your selection.
I was looking at the republican presidential candidates and i wondered,  this is the best America has to offer?
SCARY!
...
Sigma out
SKS?
I say YES!
Thank you, my friends.
I hope things are going well for you.
Lots of love!
I hate how sometimes theirs times I wanna be in a relationship  be committed but then I just wanna be single..
that's a great choice!
There's a lot of sweet gifts there.
:
Q5 Model it, frequently discuss it.
Deal with issues immediately as they arise.
Consistency!
Dope.
You know my style baby, I'll wear the weird shit no one else will ;
Deliver local results with an instant click for your business needs through Google Places.
Thank You and keep us posted on your project.
yeah lol I saw and decided to follow back 
thank you.
It's on it's way, the email is
I got cayenne pepper in my eye while fixing lunch.
Such is
no!
I would've never guessed!
: love your bio and am confident your tweets will be good to see
What's for dinner?
It's in the rear of unity hospital at the Education Center
u rite but this one got to me n I was just saying hi
I facebook friended him and he hasn't accepted.
you, me  albuquerque pride!
main stage at 2 pm  performing arts stage at noon.
june 12th.
Yeay!
RHCP, Guns n' roses, the faces, among others
The weekend was full of great bonding and good old' fashion fun!
What about you?
we didnt start either...i apparently gave my sneakers to goodwill!
Ha
Not only do I have to get up for practice at 4:45am, but it's going to be 36 degrees
Haha no her and went outside and was hoping to be caught in the middle of the shooting !!
Hahaha
Running the bake sale or I'll doctorp off some brownies, from a mix, if I remember?
Be hopeful and abundant.
Hope defeats fear.
Abundance defeats scarcity.
lol am i beautiful
I know!
Doesn't it look so good!?
's photos always helpluckily, bc I'll only get to taste via photo!
;
RT : Is there a horse that has even a 50 idea of what's going on here?
If so, that's the one I'm rooting for.
they sure don't sigh
RT : We are thrilled that will be at the 2012 MAMAS Expo on Sat, May 5th!
Save the date  RT!
haven't talked to in awhile
I missed todays show....
had a hectic day with work.....
Nope.
I would hope that any library staffer would be able to answer that, not just one who went to library school.
My favorite part of that picture is Sarkozy...you were talking about the incognito glance, right?
John elway about Tebow  if I wanted someone to marry my daughter, it's be him, but for a quarterback not so much
: Where we're going, we need more walls.
Heyy.
I know its crazy right!
and your almost gonna be a senior!
Introducing N4S Audio Design.
Custom Audio Perfection.
have you been doctornking purell?
You made it difficult to watch this game.
Lol
you think you guys can win it all this year?
Asteroid to pass Earth in 2 hours.
Within 37,000 miles.
Only the size of a city bus, but have you ever been hit by a bus??
Good morning everyone!
Happy Tuesday on this gray, but cool morning.
that's is so true
: The clock is ticking toward 10am E, ESPN2 when I will UNLEASH on what I think about Tim Tebow being traded.
Thanks Love:
hehe, I meant that I check it like twice a year RT : It's hard being popular Gunni :
The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person doing it.
Believe in yourself.
Just finished watching Can't Hardly Wait and now I can't stop singing Barry Manilow Lmao
Good morning Twitter wont let me follow anyone new...
Its nearly impossible to get and opinions from people when infatuation exists.
Ass kissing will always take precedence.
OkUPrettyBut that attitude of yours makes you look like a total B.
Oh no!
Sad to hear!
RT I know  crazy.
The 1924 Desmerail had turned into vinegar, sadly.
follow her she hass cool tweeeetss:
Catch Saturday night resident Dj Philip Goyette TONIGHT  FREE I 10PM  LAST CALL I
well I think you are a great doctorver!
Take me back to summer 
obviously.
But your hotspot at ORD is awful.
Ripping people off with a shotty wifi connection
How can some kids be so damn unathletic?!?!?!
Like who the Fuck are your parents!!
Hey and You guys didn't say bye to me..
:/
He is indeed!
Thanks, Marney!
Colts release Caldwell!
I'm actually surprised.
Pretty sure used to have that sleeping bag!!
I could be wrong though.
Maybe it was mine.
I have no idea.
what you talking about
Passed HOPE!
With ya Charles!
: Why i dont watch news RT : watch the news  wonder,when it'll b the day im a victim of these crimes
IMDb is fantastic, isn't it?
But it can be a bugger to figure out how to load videos.
Used Withoutabox and it was much easier!
Looked at apartment today  must have been designed by HM  never felt so fatasked realtor for 'merican apt or 1 that doesn't hate freedom
I hate wondering if i did something wrong and have no idea what it could be!
:/
Tonite the Pirates have more hits than Lebron has championships.
Granted, its 1.
But still.
ThatAwkwardMoment when you realize that you are probably never gonna see your new friends again.
Murray State is one of my final four teams.
Condolences to those lost in the conflict in Syria
Longhair Jon Wilson?
Such a long day at work, thought it was friday but its not.
At least its Jersday.
Ready for our first middle school baseball game tomorrow
stop it.
Hearing you perform those new songs the other night inspired me to step it way up.
I SALUTE you
RT : Try Il Covo Ristorante  Lounge's amazing breakfast dishes: Eggs Florentine, Chocolate Nutella Crepes, and a cup......
Hahaha me too!!
: I suck at picking shopping carts..always get tha one wit tha bum wheel..haha
yeah I know.
I don't understand them.
Stupid hypocrites :p
Okay!
What word do you wanna say?
:D
Community service sucks, Im gonna just pay the next time!
smh
I did get to the annual conference.
That I do get on a plane and go to every year.
happy mothers day to your momma for having such an amazing guy.
3
on the agenda today:
everybody's at mother's day brunch!lol
No matter how bad you think your life is, wake up thankful for what you have.
Someone somewhere is fighting just to survive.
I have an extra medium red Capella Tshirt...want me to bring it?
Bought my baby a pair of sneakers :
Best of luck 2 the tonight!
Been on twitter all these months and still don't have a Bio.
Foxcroft Academy in ME recruiting more overseas, locals think it's the most exciting thing to happen in years
Said like a true Jersey girl :
great, thanks, see you there
Award winning author.I have posted Chapters 1 2 of And So It Was Written.
I would love to have your comments.
Hi Kurt  thank you for your kind RT.
Hope all is well with you.
Will Do!
High recommendations for: THE SOURCE  COMPLIANCE
....things happen for a reason...for better or for worst...all I gotta do now is heal....
Good Morning Bella Have A Great Day And Follow Me
i got student of the month!!!!!
XD
Connolly, The Gates of Hell Are About to OpenWant to Peek?
Boy meets demons.
Dandelion Wine on acid, but British  with physics.
Hilarious

You gotta walk by faith and not by sight 
Wow.
I'm Finally Getting Back On Fantage .
he's definitely a loun :p hahahaha
playing for wounded Vets at Operation Mend at UCLA, and then off to rehearse at Disney Hall for tmister on Skid Row.
Really enjoyed a long walk tonight, watching the beautiful moon as I carefully tried not to fall on a crack!
I have my idea for NaNoMo!
we are really excited!
already planning out our must dos!
Notes from 90767: Who moved my Fez?: a quote by Tiffany.
And maybe the title of her new book on managing the retail space?
Maybe.
How was the shoot?
Shoutout to the crew for keeping it real no matter how far apart they are3
Change is necessary for growth in life but do it your own pace never rush it
seriously!!
I'm trying to watch my Rangers and they are talking about random crap no one cares about!
Exactly that's what got me heated cuz this one bitch said if u lay with a man u wake up with HIV.
How ignorant is that hoe
staying up till 4am with keefe then waking up at 8am...
I'm loving the SNAP acronym!
having fun?
ooooouhhhhhhh : thanks boo!
Second time Flynn has eaten my new bouquet of flowers...
off of the dining room table.
I know it's boring to talk about the weather, but HOLY CRAP IT IS NICE OUTSIDE!
Yeah, but that's the same thing lawmakers in Arizona said about Ethnic Studies/MexicanAmerican Studies.
WhatMakesABlackGirlMad Eat her fried chicken xD
Saw at tonight!
Must say pretty funny!
Friends are the ones who always tell it to you straight, when nobody else will!
Correction: Line dance lessons at Uncle Mick's in Jupiter 7:00 tonight.
See ya on the dance floor!
:
haven't stopped since last friday sister
This guy is good ...
really good Try this RT : BCM is back.
RT this to win a FREE Business Card Makeover over this weekend!
how about
Thank you.
thanks.
Have a great day.
It wasn't real love if you ain't with the person your in love with right now.
Both the Food Network and Travel Channel is my porn
that's what I thought.
My fridayreads is THE RED BOOK by the lovely and funny I wish I didn't have work to do so I could sit here and read it.
I'm tired of being a incovience in everyones life.
hanging out with the mom today
pull the trigger now hes dead
Yo Didn't mean to creep up on u at Roscoes on Sunday.
I think was way shadier looking than I was.
Style/music ACBW: Fisticuffs Leather
To all the boys; the day you tell a girl you like her is the happiest day of her life.
An Elephant never forgets!!!
I'm about to lay back down and try it again
My goodness, just shut your fucking mouth!
OH: It sounds just legit enough to quit.
And you as well!
Thanks!
ur taste in movies may be diff from mine.
Watch it, u might like it
it's so disappointing that u sent a guy out on a Sun to set my service up  he couldn't.
Now I can't get anything for 35 days.
Sux
Amazing Robotic Opera Would you attend it?
Nicola Batum.
Happy Birthday!
Can't wait to see you Courtside.
Algebra makes me wanna shit on my teacher .
He looked and sounded like a washed up old doctornk.
Oh wait...
It's good to hear Jay Bilas sarcastically talk about the 2nd round.oh yeah, 60 teams get a bye since that terminology is insisted by media
love you too honey boo boo 3
Normal Amen  Amen Texan Amen  AyMayEn
I got 215 for my birthday!!!!
SHOPPING TIME!
:D
IM DYING.
T1: Have to be careful not to stereotype, but guys typically want to cut to the chase so they don't always need a bunch of info
Amazing to meet you in person, discuss the architecture professorssion and hear your insights!
My youngest daughter bought me chocolate mousse in a white chocolate and milk chocolate cup shaped into a flower.
I want another one.
lol.
Starting a new bottle of Brandy and a new chapter.
Hm which will I finish first?
great idea except no one has their phone at the golf course
holy cow!
lol that could be but I'm fina clock back in
Wow is falling apart :
Cant Wait to see the new TVD on Thursday
Thanks, Erik!
And I'll keep our conversation about science stories/dissent in mind.
You make good points!
seriously looking forward to you  DaveLettermanyou  Craig Ferguson.
someone in my age bracket on twitter.
man the Heat better win 2nite
woot there are others out there!
Was wondering Twitter seems quite these days!
Making flashcards just cuz I like writing in cursive now hehe.
The Artist is to The King's Speech as Moneyball is to The Social Network.
The latter are good movies but the former are great films.
Just visited Kyle.
It sure doesn't seem like its been a year.
BORED OUT OF MY MIND someone put me in the crazy house its much funier i bet
I hate win I fill like this :
Smart decisionmaking begins with comprehensive data.
Alan Berube from Brookings.
So true.
Data tells us about real people.
I honestly think that one of the saddest movies I've ever seen was A Land Before Time lmao!!!
Today marks SIX months since I started at Fox SIX  it's like a golden birthday!
Networking party...Thursday March 3, 2011  Legends 6 W 33rd St.
New York, NY.
Doors open  8PM!!!!!
Come dance, doctornk and NETWORK!
Google announces end of Google Wave...world asks What's Google Wave?
no prob!
My rule is: We all have to support each other's doctorams.
Oops Didn't mean to get so heavy for a Thursday night.
Yeah buddy!
Little GameofThrones with and a packed Warren St living room
I cnt take this
Birthday in couple hours:
Oh, and the WP's van broke down.
If you didnt know that.
:
Well I can't...unless everybody in the library want to jam some Jesus music
So I was in a line to buy lunch today and out of nowhere, the kid in front of me turns around and says You know youre really short, right?
acne, and I need advice to make it better.
like I seriously try EXTREMELY hard to cure it but it comes back.
Advice maybe?
Jimmy Johns makes a mean sandwich.
Im hooked.
TheBeachClub
FINALLY got the 2.0 software for the iPod Touch.
Apps are definitely cool.
i will also be in LA on April 20 books, hope you can make it!
There is no true holiness without humility.
We are called to be set apart not set above.
Humility is an attractive witness.
i actually really miss you ...
like a lot.
ok.
that is all.
so yeah..
:3
sounds fun
Hey, not like it's a big night for ABC.
It can't make the ABC sound any worse RT Is Portman clapping ON her microphone?
At home eating a tri tip sandwhich
I can't believe it!!
We're so old!!
Oh memories...xoxoxo
For every good reason there is to lie, there is a better reason to tell the truth.
Bo Bennett
doctor Green: 5 research areas that are going to get us from human genome sequence to genomic medicine
I recommend the Bone series for your collection.
Plz will you share your replies?
Do not argue with an idiot.
He will doctorg you down to his level and beat you with experience.
Love my sis
The issue has been resolved, your AddShoppers buttons are now working fine and looking beautiful!
the perfect combination of excitement and insult!!
how much are you hoping uk wins it all so you can then be the one to bring them down?
I knew when I started my gratefulness year, I might hit a day when I needed to dig deep for my daily tweet.
Today is that first hard day.
I consume a lot of high fructose corn syrup.
I just set up a Google search that sends alerts as an RSS in Google Reader.
DuckDynasty oh no.
Jana.
Guess that means I'll have to be next!
Lightning won't stop.
Good question
what it is homie!
Agreed.
It's funny, yet there's truth at the core.
Glad you dug it.
Hope all is good!
follow me please :o
Wish I could of gone to the Indians game earlier tonight.
Worst week ever.
I literally refreshed and I had it.
It was the worst.
Really...day 2 of not sleeping!!!
I cant handle it!!!
I had a doctoram I was a muffler last night, and I woke up exhausted
heading off to bed, tired!
well Waking up to Irene tomorrow.!
Thanks for everyone who came out tonight, it was a blast!
The winning champions return to school after winning!
Finchel and Brittana moments and Will's win for teacher of the year RT
Knowing the only thing ppl r gonna talk about this week is prom  :
EVERYBODY has those days they need a shoulder to lean on!
jesus man!!
Don't get hit!!!
opens window hurry up!
its cold!
I called 911  reported what happened.
Ironically it doesn't feel any safer..
Thanks for such wonderful coverage of The Village Review!
It's always a pleasure to have you at the VLP!
have a great Friday !!
Life beats down and crushes the soul, but music reminds you that you have one
sure..and i am good and you?
3
haha can't be an adult too quickly.
Gotta have balance
If you love America please check out IRONWILL and Stay Killer Design!
Who has no arms, no legs but floats?
.
.
.
Bob
amazing lunch today!
Blazerfreeman can we get an explanation of Dwight's sweater?
hey, hi friends!
Nice to have followers that are real people :
I bet all those superelaborate cakes that look like things taste TERRIBLE.
The death threats section is right next to the Frenemies and Thanks a Fuing Bunch cards.
your fine know matter what!
Tell them hoes that I'm busy
Addoctorssing 's 2012 Mom Congress this morning.
21,000 moms gathered to talk about improving education in America.
Wow!
That was me at AAMG conference on Saturday, in Houston.
Talking about new directions in curator.
As always!
No good Huskiesno good!
Great meal and service, but a little pricey bar menu...this this isn't Vegas
you're welcome : go with what works.
've worn my Cally third or my blue Gomez every game so far.
I really do not want to lose one of my Final Four teams to a team with a girl's name on their jersey.
Happy Father's Day
Your grace is wasted in your face, your boldness stands alone among the wreck.
they better cuz if they don't I'm not trying to go and see them lose therm series in 5 games
I do however, have your name and company, so maybe I'll call and ask for references for your new job
mister.Mahone you jelly?
Oh I'm Nutella!: RT AND FOLLOW33
haha you should; When I saw Toronto,Canada I immediately thought of my doctorke3
That moment when your wearing one guys jacket and another guys shirt.
.
ops
I wish I could believe him when he calls me beautiful 
Poor girl.
At least I'm not the only one who can't sleep.
haha yeah probably, them mexicans dont play
Lol smh I can't believe I'm doin this
I smell a roadtrip
Lol other just cant handle it;
dinner in los angeles  so tired and so full......
ben away 4 a while.
I have a new job th I LUV it has taken me a while 2 get used 2 workin again
Bout to foreal pull an all nighter.
Research paper, come at me bro!
If you don't like or hate that I believe in one god, Jesus I'll pray for you.
TGIF!
What's going on in Milwaukee this weekend?
Aye You mad Bro ??
My bad!
My bad!
Steve Harvey!
Thavolia Glymph speaking about her article on the Civil War's noncombatant laborthe backbone of US  CS.
Grammys tonight!!
and Nashville's own are gonna rock it tonight!!
Yay!
Welcome to the left coast :
Your chance to win Jimmy Buffett tickets coming up next.
With my nigs fuck the other side.
so much random information lol heres a quiz what was Stanley Tookies last meal b4 he was executed?
Thanks for following me too!
I like your blog!
The house has to serve comfort.
The work of art is revolutionary; the house is conservative.
Adolf Loos
RT Be jealous of yourself
WOAH!
New puppy?!?!
Pictures please!!
You're so kind.
Thanks.
Yes!
Thanks, Melissa.
It was a little different and more in depth than some others I've read recently.
Bringing my volleyball blanket with me tomorrow 
have I mentioned how much I love you today?!
Can't wait to see your face this weekend 
God it's a glorious beauteous night in Stoughton!
Ash just asked to open at Goose Island...
Now we wait to see if her age changes that.
RT : Im sayin doe...What dat be bout??
I don't know what this means.
First softball game of the year tonight.
It's been too long.
thats called a boner in lay terms.
You're welcome hahaha
Your decals are a steal at 5!
Are you sure are doing the math right?
Either way, don't worry about it.
Am I an asshole for overlooking a positive message because it's misspelled with incorrect grammar?
Thank you for being the character guy who set the bar high for our team.
Much success to you.
You'll always be a Hawk!
Done with 2 now 4 to go.
Best to
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 32
Check out my exclusive hit single Pocket Full Of Money /youngbravo1 Meeting with two ARs this week!
College education has no alternate and studying boosts the power of reasoning and logic.
Besides, education ensures great careers
IfIWasPresident I'd take a shit on John McCain portch
beautiful strong independent educated talented woman thats just the beginning of why im so into you :
Facebook's cloud business must be in the millions of dollars every day I think more data probably goes into FB servers than other servers.
hey get to bed.
You've got to train in the morning.
A Case Study in Federalism David Sampson is the president and CEO of the Property Casualty Insurance Association of America.
He served in
I started out at a tiny radio station in a small town.
Perfect job for a bum like me.
I could wear flipflops to work!
mattress surfing is definitely on the bucket list.
familiarity with ACTA and its legal implications is a must.
Man i gotta go pe
they go from XS to XXXL  you need to select color first before sizes are offered.
I think you hit all the right notes.
Have a gently used yoga mat you're not using?
would be happy to take it off your hands for their NEW Song Circle Class!
Thanks Liz!
Same to you : x
Have students articulate what they are learning each day in class in a complete grammatically correct sentence.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
Bill Cosby
When we allow others in and open to their love, our lives improve
Blog found many times this week by searching iris holy fire.
I'm going to presume this is a springtime plant search.
Sad to learn that Ann Stanke passed away.
What a wonderful musician and lovely person.
Afghanistan is a mirror 4 the world.
If they dont like the image in the mirror, do not break the mirror.
Break ur face.
9pm 89.3
Kristen Stewart Prepares For Life After 'Twilight,' Visits 'Jimmy Kimmel'  Socialite Life
: lisa turtle looks scary and now serena williams is rapping?
we losing all the black goddesses :::.
SMH LOL
The fact that some cities don't require states is...
urbanist or something.
Oh, that's an important city.
No state needed.
Lily Collins duh.
New Exclusives Instrumentals Available Send You Music To lezalemusic
I just used the word emo in my last two tweets.
well, chihiro is pronounced ch i hiro
doctorss too impress.
?/Never!
RT Looking for jobs or just to enhance your career, this sounds like a powerful way to spend a weekend.
You have no idea!!!
36 If you would miss church before you would work because of the way you feel you need to check your priorities Bro.
Love sees the invisible, believes the unbelievable and recieves the impossible.
Have faith in my love for you.
Reminder: Intro to Processing programming class tomorrow at 7.
I'm going too!
what time are you going?
:
What's the more important element of being clutch, making the big shot, or the willingness to take it?
You too!
: Have a great weekend taco lovers!!
Two and a half more payments and my car is paid off.
Laying on mikes couch, watching four weddings while he makes dinner :
Smooth centipede layin down the grooves at All Asia in Cambridge, MA
What, then, shall we say in response to this?
If God is for us, who can be against us?
Amen Kurt, God will sort it out.
that video can prepare you for anything.
My way of exaggeration is saying as fuck at the end of everything.
If you could please send your inquiry to we can have it escalated to the proper dept.
CB
is so dismissive in a catty way of opposing views that I change channels from whom I really like
now....as i was saying follow for you chance to land COD BlackOps a week early...
We live to serve your cold feet  sweet tooth!
3 RT Neapolitan AND Candy Corn?!?!
rocking my world right now...
a beautiful friday!
interning then possibly zoo?
going out hard tonight since its the last night in the chi for a week, spring break!
Getting the claim for my kitchen repairs processed is tricky because neither the insurance or the property is as concerned about it as I.
If you don't want your childoctorn to hear what you're saying, pretend you're speaking directly to them
.
phoenix landing sunday.
who's down?
Talking about getting state meeting representation on the midwestchaptermla website.
States, anything else you want from the chapter?
Einstein Bros.
bagels for breakfast courtesy of Ms.
Emma.
doctornking your sorrows away over another Mavs loss?
Love your awesome healthy allnatural snack bars!
1st place InspirationalDevotional for Branson Stars and Flags : Stories of Faith and Courage from the Vietnam War by Larkin Spivey
Enjoy ur day!!!
starting to get excited for csimilwaukee this weekend it's going to be an amazing time anyone need to register late??
awww tank!!!!!!
: sadpuppy yea fuck those chefs.
Their egos are too big
you too!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Giordano's  Pizza
Agree.
RT How long will it take for to get verified?
My guess is within the next three hours.
Hi Johnny, great to hear you used Scrubly to get productive in 2012!
Appreciate your support for our app!
: Yesirrr congratz to training partner and friend for the ko win!!
it was awesome!!
...nice choices for the 1st and 2nd..i like luther vandoctorss myself.follow me and add me on FB
lol well when you put it like that.....
If you could set me up to do some snow sculpting?
I am there!
We could be a team :
Anyone from or in P.R here?
I'm looking for a old school spot to watch the fight down there on Saturday.
your twitter account also is not working
nope I'm not on twitter talkin jus to be talkin
brewers or you're disowned forever
Junk a play about addiction opens tonight 7:30 the young world in Indy is flooded with doctorgs don't lie to yourself
surf forfeited.
I try to act cool actin like what you do don't phase me....
my boss has tasked me to review the lit on neurofeedback and ADHD/learning disability.
Anyone have any opinions.
Just starting to read
When you're doing something you aren't supposed to, every small noise scares the sh!t out of you
Did Portland just boo Derek Fisher?
He's the reason y'all have a season this year!
Oh, wait, maybe that IS why they're booing.
Ready for a day of learning and chatting at nctech4good.
Woo hoo, I love techie talk!
Its Always Good to Reinvent UrselfU never know what new things might come into ur life :
Blogs, imedical apps, round w/clinicians 2c what they use it 4, etc.
RT mlamobiletech clinicians want from their mobile devices?
I appreciate you!
RT : fantastic job today!
Proud to know you  of your commitment to the
Mini Burrito Puffs.
Why yes it is.
FINALLY
shit I had one or 2 typos on that.
iPhone struggles lol
they should have ajerkin dayon 106 park BUT get the best across the world.
5 teamVote.Remaining 2 Battle it out in a circle
Monday eve eve eve?
I think we are last, but I don't know about the rest of the schedule.
I am letting Greg, the owner, decide.
Don't bother watching for Kreider tonight: he's not in the lineup and he expects to earn his ice time
kirken is actually trending wow
Good for you!
Heard a guy on the radio talking about that.
You go girl!
Happy St.Patricks Day everyone..Be safe!!
wad up brother
Two new Guided By Voices 7 singles today!
How cool is that!
Never realized how those skies worked until tonight.
cool.
I want to hear from the person who popped a cap in his ass.
yep.
Maybe tomorrow?
Thanks for the tweet Phil!
aw thank you so much ':
Creed  Homophobic Tendencies  Homogenized Fashion Sense  Too Much Testosterone  Downtown Lee's Summit Bar Scene
I got my starbucks venti blackeye, and I am on duty.
Look out crooks, I'm on patrol.
Headed over to Chase Field ASGTweetup Anyone know where I can pick up a good heavy weight Parka in town?
eww !
She's SoUgly lol.
Come on now, Betty white is cuter than her  she's old as hell.
I have a CafePress shop, and we are working on Zazzle shop...
I also have free ringtones!
Facebook, please don't do this to me!
I just saw Nick for the first time in a long time.
It made me so happy to hug him and see him doing well.
balk, can't throw to unoccupied base.
Hatred does not cease by hatred, but only by love; this is the eternal rule.
Buddha
LMAO!
RT : bill!
bill!
bill!
bill!
bill!
have you seen the muffin man...
who...
the muffin man...
who lives on this one girls lane...
nope :D
Still its not late.
Dont be an aprilfool for long.
Be vegan, lead a natural and healthy life!
: Just getting ready for bed!
How about you?
Well if I could gouge out somebody else's eyes and shove them into my sockets I would.
But to me she is beautiful.
Homer
I cannot trust a man to control others who cannot control himself.
Robert E.
Lee
Wait a minute?
My mom is in Colorado?!
can I come watch this lawn mower race??
It sounds like its gonna be good!
Lol
I love watching how it's made.
I like to see how things are created!
RT via Bowman
Don't forget ...
if you're in/near Oconto WI, I'll be bringing INCOMPLETE PASSES to BayShore Books LLC.
Come talk books and Packers!
Always believe in yourself
I wish I could automate my laundoctor..
12 in the afternoon: LET ME SLEEP.
2 in the morning: PARTY TIME, NIGGER!
Listening to breille by Regina spektor its just such an inspiring song
quit being a chump and post a pic!!
MQFTD: Glory lies in the attempt to reach one's goal and not in reaching it.
G
If your clean white socks look dirty after just walking around the house, it's time to have those floors cleaned!
We can help.
RT Who wants to be the new owner if this account btw I got a new account and itz
I AM ALWAYS UP FOR A CHALLENGE.
That's what makes me a bonafide winner!
Rodger Goodell should lick a scro!
Bad for the NFL!
What does he want...ballet?
Operation Native Son setback: I'd have to spend 4 in fares  get 2 West Philly to check out Baldwin essays.
Hold it is.
:/
Cause i like wat i see thats why
Happy 5th birthday to us!!
No Set Style  Since 2006
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: accident Southbound 130 at Parmer on the service road has traffic slowed down
JFC Dani is injured?
why do you hate us god!?!
GOT MY ELECTRIC DAISY CARNIVAL NYC TICKET!
Latest Jarrod Uthoff news?
Florida working hard to get a visit from the Iowa native and Wisconsin transfer.
Of that I have no doubt.
Where?
I want to go!
for the term?
if he was actually in love he wouldnt ask me for naked pictures and telling me that he wants me and shit that relationship is so fucked
Now I'm climbing the walls But you don't notice at all That I'm going out of my mind All day and all night.
3 One Direction
Four 2page, handwritten English journals before 7th period...
CHALLENGE EXCEPTED
RT : Let's trend
Very nice page, Barry.
You are obviously way ahead of me.
Next step is adding 'pages' to my 'page.
How?
Who knows....?
FOLLOW MY NEW PAGE now!!!!!
man I'm down on my boys.
Nervously I await gm 7
for you too Julia :
Hi Holly!
Been a long time.
We will be closed tomorrow due to the inclement weather!
Stay warm and doctorve safely if you must!
Hey I would really love to hear Honestly by thanks
If you haven't yet, do yourself a favor please and check out Norman Ambrose designs!!!
Always good to see the Ragin' Cajuns on TV...best mascot ever
Happy Birthday
whoa!
Crazy confidence!
Hope all is well with you and the breakup is going nicely.
:
I don't wanna hear the words broom, sweep, swept, cleaned, and defeated.
Whoever says that to me will be shunned.
so the BEST compliment i got at the SEniorParty You have anice chest.
lol I'll take that THANK U :
Scott, I think you mean The Ring.
Whose watching the fights tonight?
yes, like usual, the entire world has it completely wrong  US is the only one that really get how boring soccer really is
If you leave without a reason , don't come back w/ an excuse .
!
since they are held up at the top by the straps?
So pretty!
Forgetting u have bite marks on ur breasts and wearing a low cut shirt is no buenoooo....thanx babe
I didn't kill Osama, but I'm gonna get his mamma.
your the man.
Steeler pride til i die.
Youll always be one of my favorite players
At the school :
sweet way to make use of cooking oil  good think the food industry isn't running out anytime soon
thanks shannon!!!
:D
something just reminded me of this but...
He doesn't have a twitter I've already checked 3 times!
I would like to thank The Augusta Rotary Club for having me speak tonight!
It's was a very nice night!
Time for muaythai!!!
I had a moment where my morning beverage did not taste so good...
after reading that article...
Shout out to in 's SxSW keynote.
Innovative, charismatic leader
People are so damn lame today.
It is 's birthday..stop sucking
carrieunderwoodisperfect RT : I want to look like Carrie Underwood on the cover of her new album
Thinking about offering a service to do videos and promote business via blogs, and video.
Thoughts....
I mean, Chris Ash could be a nontraditional student, nascent Buddhist, and Oxford Comma aficionado, but that doesn't strike me as likely
are you running the full or half in philly tomorrow?
I'm doing the half!
Excited to have a Rockyinspired run
me and my friends seen dont be afraid of the dark last night it sucked so hard please dont go see it.
You realize of course you are leaving a written trail of illegal gambling all over the internet.
Good luck with that.
But I know this is not my burden to bear and I have to just turn it over to God, but sometimes we get caught up in anger.
Go ahead and sell me out
3 Bookings on 3 different shows all in 1 day!!
I like these numbers!!
Keep the good juju coming!!
Give me your hand April fools
it was a pleasure meeting you over the weekend.
Didn't really get to say goodbye...
so bye!
Good luck with your pilot.
Happy 4th of July to all you wonderful people!
doesn't seem to exist.
pax in cahoots with harmonix.
If you missed it, here is 's team hired for movement: Manager
: I don't want that hoe, I want that bitch!
Plies?
how about they don't cut the SB halftime show?
How about they just get a clue and make it relevant?
Katy Perry, Lady GaGa...
you do look alittle like a conga.
Lol!
extraction does not exist
A GENUINE WOMAN  is a lady with good morals and a quality heart, someone who possess a sincere attitude and creates a positive start
Any chance we'll see digital releases of books like Testament and A.D.D?
I hope you enjoyed getting doctornk off of the hate you have written into your constitution.
May god have mercy on your soul
Sad to see Dirk out.
On the bright side, I hope u guys can get him to do some commentary on
77 yard punt return!
thats what i'm talking about!
Thank you!
No worries!
See you tomorrow.
Like Warhol?
Like music?
On Mar.
30, SECCA's going to combine the two.
Tickets on sale now.
Join us.
Music by DeanBritta.
Already thanks.RT : Shout out to my new follower
Time for trivia Packers fans!
Winner gets the official tshirt of Green and Gold Today on ESPN Milwaukee.
Follow for details!
Dell will raffle a Dell mini today at 3 PM
To my American Facebook friends; enjoy your holiday weekend!
Thanks.
It's been weighing on my mind, so encouraged me to addoctorss it.
:
Looked like he was playing Angry Birds to me.
See you later, alligator!
Hmm that RT goes to Sorry !
About to hear the commissioned piece by performed  improvised by at theater.
I feel horrible
will see you in two days!!!
RT BIG KIDD PRODUCTIONS WILL BE AT 2NITE,ITS LADIES NITE 2ROC THE MIC PLUS SPECIAL GUEST PERFORMANCES
: Getting back with someone who fucked you over is like inviting garbage back into your house from outside.
You're kidding, right?
Everyone, not just the left, is saying someone who isn't married is hypocritical saying kids need dad
Scared of your team's chances then puffing out your chest, Celtics fan?
JR Smith  Carmelo Anthony...
GIANTS!
3 Nicks and Cruz
I stand with the taxpayers of this state and I'm going to continue to stand with them.
Thank you!
Make sure to tell your colleagues, clients, friends and family about it!
Everyone is an expert at something!
6pm1am!
Stop by for great food, music and fun!
sounds like a great analysis of one of my fav actors, Barbara Stanwyck in that panel, the tweets have been great
I think the last time I saw you was like ....
Um...
July hahaha
My colleague just chimed in that she's started THE doctorSSMAKER and still waiting for something to happen.
I'm not dumb.
I wouldn't ever lay my hands on a girl.
darn it.
If I had one he could be troy mclure in my Cobra Named Joe comics.
Awesome partner in crime  the cone of uncertainty looks like a penis
you're welcome!
check the playback on that latest video lots of jerkiness fluttering etc I reloaded it a few times with no luck
has changed my life.
Thank you for introducing me.
great timing..
haha yah i guess its just the mystery butt for now....
Morgantown Airport Continues Business After Pinnacle Airlines Files Bankruptcy
Short blew everyone away, dungy gor 5th, canard won over roczen just barely at mxon.
Time to have an international pit party!
studying for the MCAT's.
Jay Z so close, yet so far away
oh what up sam :
The school system's teaching style works well with 20 of students, but that leaves the other 80 lost.
Dayton moves to simplify states environmental review process
Just found a picture of you in my phone...
You're welcome  thank you!
made 's Top 10 Bollywood songs of 2011 with 2 hit tracks!
Check it out bit.ly/AiVm3Z!
xx
This is so gay...
Wuss up wit the shows..!
Im ready for whateva

OnlineBusiness Tip: Make a YouTube channel  professorle.
This gives viewers a place to look at your videos and check on any new ones.
I see the bullshit in you.....you aren't fooling anyone
u till him wow
I can't believe she is old enough to text!
Guess she's past crying over eating her toenails at 3am :
And you can book this one...to the Orioles!
hell yeah me too!
You got a contact number?
Kamel trying to get at you bout some business.
We retain only 10 of what we read, 95 of what we teach  get smart, be a mentor!
Batshit crazy people day at the lib paranoid schizo accuses me of controlling Facebook.
I wish!
Called cops on truant kid who likes to..
It is pretty amazing how quickly the weather can change around here.
Last week it was mid 90s this week the mid 60s.
Where did the sun go?
ODU giving Missouri a run for their money
Yes, with the fam.
Fireworks rocked!
:
How do you promote porn on a tourism site?
This is a question I ask many affiliate applicants.
Scent is such an important aspect of personal style!
Be creative and dare to be bold..
its one of the strongest first impressions u can make
done and done!
Egypt wants to make it illegal to be able to bang your dead wife??
But what about closure?????
RT : Let's go YANKEES!
Yeah!
Seriously!
Can't wait for baseball to start
What's your fitness goals?
Got a special CD101 Day Side B lounge tip coming your way at 3:35 for a chance to win box seats!!!

follow her.
if you don't...a zombie will eat you.
If tweeted me I love you my day would be made.
Kthanksbye.
he loves it!!
I know I've watched AYITM before, but wow.
Just Fine With You is playing live on the air now on Check it out!
Rolling to the boro
I don't feel it's necessary for him to turn into a hermit crab for his studies .
On some other stuff
we heart you
What sets you apart from your competitors?
Know their business and how you can market differently!
Make your business remarkable.
It feels like Christmas.
I'm helping give out some refurbished printers and scanners to Baltimorearea nonprofessorts.
no Washington sucks.
Hahaha
: Making your Goldfish play basketball ..
YOLO 3
Jamison, wow this is what the Cavs wanted when they traded for him.
Today's creative prompt: Moving!
How many times have you moved?
Where to?
Write, doctorw, collage!
Pet Peeve of the day: press releases or event announcements sent as image files Argh!
at least copy text out to body of email
: Just to be clear, I am INCREDIBLE at life.
raw wwe No ur not.
You Suck at life Johnny.
i just dont like to bug you like all those niggas i see on facebook
Also, the Jonas brothers aren't even a band anymore.
So why are they relevant?
You're in Colorado.
You are.
I just saw you on the street corner.
You were standing there and being all Jordany.
Come see us.
haha.
I wish they added Hard Work...
a major oversight IMHO.
Life is a shipwreck but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats.
Voltaire
thanks for coming!
Dear Fall: step back a bit please.
I'm not ready to start wearing stupid tights or sox yet because my feet are cold.
As I write this, the Brewers have a better records than the Yankees.
I'm going to enjoy this while I can.
it will work if blogger lets you insert Javascript, I kinda doubt that it will
ahh i hate when his ustreams end :'
I have an old GShock, but idc it's a GShock
They roll Fire Ant into the ring and hit More Bang For Your Buck and pose as the show fades to black.
At the PSU townhall meeting in Pittsburgh
Washin clothes for the Night.
Gotta take my Boy to the Clinic in the a.m.
call on him!!!!
Just saw your post!
Loved it!
Thanks for visiting us!
omg you did!?
now you have two!
likeaboss ;
Sending kisses to all my dolls :
Jamming out to kayne with daddy
RT : Man Ill doctornk A MuthaFucka Under the Table.....
Niggas Cant hang wit Me.....I'll take that bet
Chase Budinger should have dunked over us last night instead of
Travis just won 300 at bingo and so did Howie
let me know if you find any jean jackets
Indeed!
What an opportune time 2 b in the eLearn industry: Browser wars, HTML5, rapid eLearn tools, mobile revolutio
The only thing that the hair I just used to floss my teeth did was remove some of my dignity.
These refs are weak!
No one can be sad with Louis around ;
The Masters iPad app is awesome ...
Excited for the Tournament to begin!
RT : Airport Security: Tips for Travelers: Written for airline passengers and all concerned with airline security, th......
I'm thinking a bassnectar playlist for this pre game.
That kind of night.
Unfortunately due to unforeseen circumstances Los Scrams won't be playing ABQ Zine Fest
Hehe i think i may kno the title; of movie
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but heres my vagina, soo bang me maybe?
your lesserrappers tweet is in the top 5 www.goo.gl/1rzKY
I don't wanna lose her now, You know I believe in how :'
after next weekends iconathon, we plan to share tips on how anyone can organize independent iconathons.
stay tuned!
your better than the best
thanks.
: Hopefully I made them think a bit.
At least intro to and behaviordesign ;
gr8 c u then.
GO GO GO!!!
LAPC 5k FT
As you go the way of life you will see a great chasm.
Jump.
It is not as wide as you think.
Native American Proverb
I now know I dislike the Giants more than I dislike the Patriots.
Rye wine.
Who knew?
Just back from Germany.
Great trip.
I think I doctornk my thrice my body weight in bier.
Also, beautiful country.
Makes Houston look like crap.
My NEW video Transa  Behind the Sun is COMPLETE!
After 16hrs and 58 Minutes...
Getting ready to upload it to Youtube!
i love it so much!
Girls who aren't mothers
Saturday morning and we'll at the CJSC Homeless Law ID Clinic in Ocean Beach.
Anyone concerned about vehicle habitation tickets?
Best.
Girls that love God is a plus
Pretty sure Ron Weasley just walked in Applebee's...
Botox for migraines?
No kidding.
I just learned something new.
I hope they do the trick Amber!
:
Other systems available as well.
Such as Goodman , American Standard and Payne units.
kewlaire.com
Playing pregame Stadium then trucking up to the CLE to play the Screamin' Rooster with !
sounds like u had a goodnight lol
Bits of Portuguese and Creole floating in my brain from my littles ones.
Helps to know how to say open in mult langs!
:
next weekend ;
About 20 minutes away from First at 4!
has your headlines, trending topics  viral videos!
Of course
An error will propagate its parent scopes upwards until a scope is found on which a boundary error event is defined that matchesas in life.

Great to have ACE as a partner in this exciting new undertaking!
Well THAT would be okay with me, except judging by her cleanliness, I wouldn't trust it.
Urine stained carpets.
I appreciate that
At club 2 me till about 8.
Hit me up if you wanna come out.
Who has seen Act like a Lady, Think like Man?
Is it worth seeing?
Perfect day for bocce and cheap beers at looneys...
Welcome home
Home alone ..

beautiful night!!
Attempting a 90block walk home!
One play touchdown to end the game ...
Awesome run by Thomas.
To bad it involved
: Unfortunately, school midterms are a priority this week and I just couldn't work around it.
Hope you had fun there, though!
Do you feel called to Qoya?
For more one on one info email me  xoxox
never mind, figured it out!
At the mall with one of my favs
getting my tan on
We must replace money with a workcredit system that most advanced ET's use.
Many ET's use a system that allows everything to be free.
After going 50 last night I did not go out partying or buying shots like an degenerate gambler,I went to work on Soccer get on the list
he is on my nerves.
jcnights shuthimup he is trashy
Matineewow I feel young!
Happy Birthday misterMooMoo : 3 have a blast 3
what are you doing on match.com?
hey, I was a little late  Facebook messaged you  but I'm here now.
Did you leave already?
run Maint, nozel cleaning up to ten times.
I had doctor ink plug up mine.
Spring time in Tucson is the perfect time to take a night out on the town.
Call today for a reservation for all of your transportation needs
its the remix to ignition hot and fresh out da kitchen!
You know, now that I pay for my own ziplock baggies again....
I'm down for reusing them.
Need to invest in a foam roller for real !!
looks terrible, classic shot fighter.
Figured out what I'm giving up for lent!
IAMDABEAT ALL OVER THE ATL!!
rockin in LA both coast on Lock!!
But people can now make a post from an iPhone or a BlackBerry while theyre sitting in your restaurant
Do you think Lackey paid Bucholtz to be so awful so we'd want him back?
Having a SB party today?
Go team!
the simimelted frosting puddle in the middle
...quickly get too egregious for me.
Subjectively, of course.
Photography Show: Brooklyn College, April 2012
FF I just saw that you will be speaking at Blogwell Chicago!
Cool.
Hope I'll get a chance to see you there.
No.
Screw you all.
The besttvshowever was the
Jimmy McNulty loses to Stringer Bell at the Golden Globes.
FF for their timely content and ontarget articles for women in businss.
Aggression doing the trick today.
Blinds are up.
75150.
About 11K
i was waiting for that joke....
Hooray for this!
Still have napkin with autograph from 2008 Geurilla Dinner with et al :
PrchsID 2002773622430.DELL service and sales likes to tell customers anything to make a salebait and switchunethical!Not Happy!
Raley's French Sparkling Sodas!
I use them for mixers in our cocktail recipes.
You need to start tweeting the stuff people say in your classes.
INSTANT MILLION FOLLOWERS!
Anger management
haha don't know that I quite qualify for famous, but thanks :
You can't force the best friend label on someone.
It only comes once every 4 years...
get ready for our oneday leap year sale on February 29th!
Caught up with former NFLer Eddie Kennison tonight in ChiTown.
He is doing some work w the
beautiful right?
I thought it was just me!
The Autism 200 class offered by the Autism Center this evening is canceled due to weather.
had a wonderful convo with this morn.
very generous man.
ur blessed to work with him.
Finally got my own tv today!
:
break down that sub
Excellence is not a singular act but a habit.
You are what you do repeatedly.
Never eating those FiberOne bars again..
It's been like a Beethoven Symphony in here ever since...
TheCastle is always ready for a session!..
Thankful for tweets from .
It's almost like I'm there!
Shopping is a much better plan Use my quarters on new shirts.
You learn and grow 1 step at a time.
Keep walking forward!
I will be here to support u on the way!
RT its the avi lol  Well I'm gonna change it, lol
I miss you too chicaaa
What words would you want to have on you shirt before being barried?
Just woke up :
Follow my besties , and ;
Had a wonderful interior design social for the designers in our area.
Great attendance and wonderful teamwork to make it happen!
I just got stung by a wasp!
:
Bad guys meet on N side of Rio Salado, E of Mill.
By KPMG building.
Man everything gone be alright, really I just have to pray more and read the word more often..
Follow back please.
A letter just went out from the university to local residents mistakenly implying they have free access to check out books here.
Utoh.
Totally had something to tweet about, but forgot it.

perfect coffee house in downtown VA.
Huge windows with view of downtown, quiet music, great vibe.
How is iMapMyRun?
Have only used RunKeeper and the Nike one.
Does NetAPorter have a nicely designed app?
The videoart was well received!
Now, on to the next project: obsession.
Stay tuned.
........
It would seem like it is clear...
But this is far from easy.....
QT wit da baaabyy tonight
HAPPY HOUR 79pm.
Free food, doctornks, pool tables,  tshirts.
stopremaking BBC British television shows.
You may want subtitles, but they're actually speaking ENGLISH!
Someone text, call, Skype, oovoo, or whatever me.
those were some good muffins
I thumb thru a crazy check ;o
How terrible is wisdom when it brings no professort to the man that's wise
Everything good on this end!
It's Brittany Bitch

From the dashboard I'd love to see how many computers I have this installed on and be able to enable/disable.
Sue, do you have any questions we can help with?
her name is Katie
I'm sure you're about to explain how Boehner and his cronies are fixing all of that.
You should email and they can send you a lovely PDF of the pricing, pictures and menu options!
Does everyone know what they r going to be for Halloween?
Google maps car just passed by in canton
A math question for the peoples, Hot water  cloves  honey  lemon  2 shots of Makers Mark 46  what?
TODAY at 5 pm is the deadline for the SPJ Awards Contest.
Please don't wait until the last possible minute  crash the system.
Kthx!
what it do?
You kids and your crazy lingo.
;
aww your the best in the world
did you ever watch that video I posted on your wall  theweinerscircle one?
Will do!
I hope you yelled hummus in the store.
money motivate us
heading to woodford county for some visits and out of habit I went to merge on the bg parkway been away from cville for too long.
Thx for the follow!
Have a great weekend!
Looking for work.
Another day, another dollar.
Yes!
I'm glad we were able to meet IRL!
Safe travels back!
:
Im moving to flordia.....: On The bright side its where Ariana lived and is now.Im going there to check out houses
..You get a grandson with a dog collar.
Don't get a grandson with a dog collar.
Love that commercial!!!
05 in last 5 halladay starts and 04 in cliff lee starts and somehow 1719.
that's a miracle.
team will be okay.
Still studying 
Happy Easter everyone!
Please remember the true meaning of It!?!?
He died on.that cruel cross for us!
Well I suppose the good news is that no one can claim I'm unAmerican / treasonous by having a Swiss passport as well...
BEST BURGER IN HOUSTON IS IN THE AMAZON GRILL ON KIRBY doctorVE.
CHECK IT OUT 
Watched a WHOLE ENTIRE football game Sunday, which I almost NEVER do, for the 2nd time in 4 days!!
It's like I'm a real man or something.
So tired...
q6: I'm actually surprised about the banning.
It's no worse than any other erotica book  I bet they have those on the shelves
Mike Green on Earth Day apropos..ties it at 1
thanks for the follow.
I want a mexican friend just so I can hear the accent on a regular basis loveit mate
What noobysakks are going to be home this weekend???
Good morning twitter
I really want t0 b back in bed n0w with a w0rking f0ne.
in the end we will conserve only what we 3.
We will love only what we understand.
We will understand only what we r taught.
I'll Be Your Man
Tiger Woods ready to unleash golf fury on Greg Normans International Team via via
There could be some 10 games in this series
If everything around you reminds you of the past, laugh it off and make new memories.
Don't do bad music !!!
it would have looked weird with the rest of my suit.
OMG lightwall RT Who wants to go to CN Skate Palace tonight?
It's been a glaring need ever since they cut House.
RT I'm glad the Heat signed Turiaf to be the bench leader in cheering.
rdap12 Purdue data repository system not just for sponsored research, its for all research.
thank you!
That is right...
Viral, like a dirty little design disease based in Seattle!
Finish this one out Lowe.
Fuck ya !!
You deserve it all brit Ur so amazing!
Keep up all the great work!!!
Brett Favre has thrown his hat into the ring to replace the injured Jay Cutler.
what the hell Dan?
Yes!!
RT : you guys are welcome out here any time!
and I will be wonderful hosts!
J Rose that was FAR from a Colt's demolition!
Broncos showed in the 2nd half they can play with anybody!
Nothing has changed..
my mind is just playing games .
States that use more coal to generate electricity have lower electricity rates.
I don't know what the next war will be, but I'm against it!
When he put that loving on me, I cant think of nothing Thatll make me walk out Im holding on I love my misterWrong
Please stop calling i cant talk, i have to do homework.
and i dont want to talk about anything right now.
word i got that song too I'll export and send
wheN ARE YOU COMING BACK AND STAYING
Yes please do.
lol RT : They tellin me it's SHOWTIME ...
Guess I got to put down this ooooweee
TY for update.
I find this all so fascinating!
Both campaigns have extremely sophisticated digital teams.
You've made it this far so why give up now?
Violence Against Woman Act passed the Senate!
I urge the House to pass this important bill into law.
Hidey ho, here we go!
Erica here, jumping into the HITsm waters...
how are you all doing this beautiful Friday?
TGIF!
thank you!
we'll be downtown in about 30min.
Still at stardust?
Waiting by my friend's classroom like a creep trying to get her out of class
For some reason, the new documentation lady looks a lot like one of the lost
Luke 11:11 If a son shall ask bread of any of you that is a father, will he give him a stone?
...
Continued next tweet
Exactly one month to enjoy my teenage years.
Damn it.
Wishing heartfelt congratulations to Mike Golub for MLS Exec of the Year honors.
Love 'em!
There isn't enough arnica in the world to make this knot go away!
WeekendFunFact: Today is International Museum Day!
Which museum is your 1 tourist attraction?
CS
Night...meet me at the salon in the AM, 813 910 2770
Just home from Choctaw casino.
A great night at the nl tables...Its about time.
I'm sad i didnt get to see the end of The Blind Side today ...
This is what i get for being sick ..
I love these icons!
Most bizarrely, Trey, you look like both of them.
Wes Anderson prevails again.
OPRAH's guest also saw her dad be cruel to animals.
Today is the last day to enter the Hydoctorfacial Giveaway!
Refer your friends and increase your chance to win!
Good luck ;
Wanted to watch DVD but march madness and season 5 of Doc Martin wins.
I know the Phillies lost the game last night but to see the struggling offense explode was more than worth it.
And Joe B today, amazeballs.
I HOPE I WIN THE TICKETS!!!!!!
RT : Breaking: 'American Bandstand' host Dick Clark is dead.
// so sad
yeah, they don't have to follow Title IX either.
Sorta sucks.
He who digs a hole and scoops it out falls into the pit he has made.
Psalm 7:15
I'm not going to Philly.
my morning: snuggle w/paige, eat bagel, open laptop, do work.
Oh,  there's super hot chicks wearing meat doing a photoshoot in my kitchen.
You have to take chances for the things you care about.
Heading to bed.....tweet back in the morning
is putting Monday into its' proper place.
We got heaters smoke doctornk bitches, 4s deuces treys switches
If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z.
Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.
: Snackable?
M...
snack pack....
Snack pack!
You're the greatest!
Not feelin it today.
thanks for the tips!
Thanks!
I'm stoked too!
What's next week like for you?
sounds good to me !
3 i was the girl sitting on stage/dancing by julians side haha
Miss y'all today!
Send my love to the TBW crew!
xx
80 followers away from 1,000.
We're getting there.
Be true to yourself and to your feelings.
Those are the only things in your life that will never lie to you.
Even a 7hour delay and a redeye home can't diminish the Tucson gem show high!
If you've never been, put it on your calendar for next year.
We love it!
Hope to see you at next week's IGBT filming at party.
Hope you guys had a great event!
Thanks again for your support!
I would love it.
Keep it.If you do sell how much?
DJ Topher will be spinnin' old school and new school hiphip tomorrow at the shack and Big Red will be handing out free samples.
Come party!
TheThingIs not everyone is going to like you
doctornk n Fuck a
TEs and are superior.GreenEllis has being playing great lately too!!!
Who knows may get involved!?
Only One Week to go before the Big Game between The Packers and Steelers!
Next Tweet tells you the Best Place to Wager on the Superbowl!!!
if you will meet me at the airport I would be more than happy to learn!
:P July 1st sound good?
Football season hurry!!!!
Candy lounge right now!
Thats Life...
U gotta be like a vacuum when u get that feeling of emptiness
damn.
You are lookin SMOKIN hot as a blonde....wowzers!!!
Resting in Jesus allows you to just be.
Be quiet.
Be still.
Be at peace!
He is THE Comforter.
Watching the foodnetwork and eating popcorn in my pjs.
Wow
Wiz N Tez Mixtape doctorpping june 20th there will be a promotion perty hit me up for info....
I'm going to get a sword and name it Kindness so I can kill haters with kindness.
EasySolution :
UWM SCE is offering Business Culture and Language classes for professorssionals.
Language and culture today is an essential tool for any professor
Somebody play me in doctorw Something!
Too good to be true TWC  89 a month turns into 120?!
Fans: pros and cons of brands offering better deals to only new customers vs loyal?
socialism is a political theory advocating state owned industry.
I'm not aware of any here.
I assumed u might know
I been tight since Guiding light
yes!
Email me: emily at emilylewisdesign dot com
In the best mood ever right about now...I want to shit out rainbows and puke out confetti
How have you been
I'm too tired today to be everyone's good friend.
Please keep your problems, requests, doctorma to yourself.
The doctor is NOT in.
lmao!
I'm in!
ikr.
it would be completely amazing.
Perfect day to fertilize.
Expecting more rain this evening.
look at you!
So fabulous!
RT 3.5 weeks to Christmas.
ReFocus on diet and exercise so you can relax over Holliday and start strong in New Year!
FUCK THO POLICE.
for everything theyve done....plus this bullshit ticket i gotta pay.
FUCK THEM POLICE, ima
will do
RT : By end of day tomorrow, 25 percent of this year's FBS membership  31 schools  will have changed conferences since 2010.
Not sure about this
RIP Whitney Houston
true true.
goddamn that is the stuff of nightmares.
But it's ok to doctornk Ranger, right?
RT : No one with the nickname Rangers will win tonight!
WTF is going on with afterprom?
I'm so confused
Ooh let's hope my dad didn't see me
goodnite my twitter app is acting up 
mediachat Hi!
I'm late!
they're perfect for eachother.
I'm in soo much pain again  My moms telling me to stay home but I can't do that to  :
I need a gravy boat lighthouse for my au jus
Look.
at that.
horse.
yes lets collaborate on a hopyaard tour and ttell me if I can get a cut  help market the event.
Cherry Blossom Fest is our only thing inked on the schedule until the fall!
Bikinis cover 90 of a woman's body.
Leave it to me to keep looking at the other 10.
damn i kno.
And i want one
Damn, I love watching the Pirates!
That ice cream was amazing!

I'm off to the races.
Be back soon.
Getting off from Fedex .....TYJ
I heard its crazy hard
Trust gets you killed, love gets you hurt and being real gets you hated
hello wanted to say hi and wihs you a wonderufl week.
take care
Protect her like your Daughter.
Love her like a Wife.
Respect her like your Mother.
Hi!
My name is KiKi :
Has arrived at cis2011 in lovely Keystone CO.
RomCon FFP Dinein  The Rules: Thou shalt not engage in: telepathy, telekenitics, biting, clawing, bloodletting,
RT if you want me to share you.
Dont worry, I'll actually share you:
Comcast Sports Group and OneTwoSee Partner to Launch a Second Screen Application to Enhance Local Broadcast Coverage ...
Westbrook look like a potato
We would be interested in sharing ideas and participate in brainstorming creative ways to enhance the experience.
let us know.
And I am going to remind myself that it is okay to look away, to gain strength to struggle another day.
Cuz this is about the long haul.
Going to bed!
Orthodontist in the morniing :/ im gonna get yelled at for not wearing my rubber bands..
no  thank you!
RT : What If Schools Created a Culture of Do INSTEAD of a Culture of Know?
zite.to/xrEpeJ via
Does anyone want to come by my flat, read what I have written and tell me in short, easy words what it is I have been saying?
happy mothers day!!
I just wanna leave NJ an make good muzik behind the glass on the board
I hate misspelling.
cool movie
Z what's up nia What you doing?
ATown Veteran theStreetlit UrbanFiction book by ColeHart is available now on Kindle for 99 cents.
I feel like being naughty...hm maybe next weekend!
!devilish laugh.
He hasn't said anything yet!
What should I do?
:
Watching Bottle Shock while doctornking wine.
Perfect Friday evening...
That was a well done movie.
Jesus Shuttlesworth
shopping on amazon is an addiction.
Lakers better win 2night on my mama
Can anyone recommend an electrician near milwaukee?
Thanks twitterverse!
Last minute show tonight Guest doctormmer filling in for Litt.
With GANTO BARN and other great bands!
We'd love to see you!
So glad I have healthcare.
i feel your pain!
my bday is right after valentine's day 
thanks for the RT!
FLORIDA CANT WAIT FOR YOU TO GET HERE 3
Great cover on You Tube!
: u watch basketball wives for tips on how to get and keep a man YourRatchet lmao
omg.
GO!!!!
anything!
reach out to me I have a great movie idea but I need your help with this one....
yo check out when you get a chance.
And so it begins  celebrating New Year 4 times today: Russia UK  US  Gallon of shampoo I think!
It's hard to eat healthy when I'm at work : yet I'm glad to have some good options on the Sevilla menu
holy hell this is weird...
hahahahaha all of our names are Taylor Penman TRIPPPPPPY hhahah
It's easy to ignore the voice as an instrument because it's invisible.
But it's science, and if you learn the WHYs, you'll also get HOWs.
BR  Barb Roland?
You like Baylor and Creighton tonight?
all that really matters...I'm real sweet at the end.
But when I'm not you can't beat me.
;
If n e 1 need their hair done call me or text me b4 friday n I'll let u knw d price 4 ur style n e time this week after 1pm
lmao it happens.
I'm off next week Thursday  Friday lol
This is Oklahoma do we really need 2 answer that!!
Lol RT : What happen to the sun...
What spa booker feature?
Just saw someone type the full Google url into Bing.
The universe implodes.
whenever I travel on day trips typically to NYC, its iPad, BT keyboard, and charger.
Its a good temporary replacement.
northfield for a lax game vs norwich
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Your beings add light to this world.
Thank you!
Usa la fuerza Luke.

praises going up.
Patience, faith and prayer pay off!
school is beyond a doctorg now that the seniors are gone.
Ladies and Gentlemen it's trivia night again Backstrom jersey to the winner!!!!
You know you're learning javascript when you start doctoraming in multilevel arrays
So now for some happier CW news: They just this week brewed a 16th anniversary beer to be released in 2014.
Details secret.
follow back please.
4
.
Some of being brave is just you're the only adult in the room.
suck it up.
I do try hard not to pass on fears.
Scary Spice not spooked by haters  Independent Online
Amazing how acting CRAZY translates into more publicity than having a hit sitcom charliesheen is winning?
I met a girl at 17 thought she meant the world to me she turned out to be a cheat
hahah, when you getting here?
Kohlrabi: astonishingly filling.
I love summer fruits and veggies.
Got the job with faith!!!!
The more art you see, the more inspired you are to make it.
:D
Don't I was in a bad car crash recently :P
hrm...
No mention of librarians organizing all the information.
That graf must have gotten cut from the post:
No is not an option for me anymore....
write, or die..
and now that I'm free from the result I can do it with a smile...
Wentworth: We had 3 professorssors from the University of Texas...testified against the bill...need to abolish tenure.
We have almost 40 shadow sessions scheduled for the new year...are you one of them?
Grilling on a gorgeous fall evening listening to the Decemberists and sipping on a Fall Lager.
ok I'll give you that as long you didnt say cent.
;
Aww, thank you!
nobody that matters.
RT : Who doesn't know who BJ Raji is?
Can I get some shoutouts?
A rare event, yes, but I still love seeing it.
Haha, thanks for the sarcasm though.
:
I think ill just get that bottle and pop it and get three more for the whole team
One of my favorite days of the year
OnceUponATime love this show
EXCELling.
Organization is the sanity of the mind, the health of the body.
Robert Southey
Congrats on your 6month anniversary!
You're Welcome!
Excuse me, that's how HE wins immediately and forever.
HE.
The snowberserker is a man, more or less.
Artist perhaps a big Adams Family fan?
You can lose a lot of Money Chasing after Women, but neva lose women chasing after money.
Blezz Melano
let me twitterintroduce you to my client  they are FAB caterers  have you worked with them before?
So jeal that jason was dts today :
have fun watching.
Unfortunately the time diff isn't in my favor, because I am still at the office and can't watch the game..
I swear to God I'm going to get lots of packing done...right after I watch Glee.
Your rocking the 80's look?
WHATS GOOD LEMME GET YOUR NUMBER
You should look at the chatroom Damon XD Everyones freaking out waiting for you to go on!
We have a countdown going Haha!
miss you bro!
work  GF  umpiring
RT : retweet me one more time and I'll kick you so hard in the shin!
What the hell is wrong with you people?
Every famous nigga that gets arrested is not Nelson Mandela!
Love it!
Hope 2010 is full of creativity, productivity and success.
Happy New Year, everyone!
Opening day!!!!
They should be an option at most of them.
You might want to talk to the manager there and see if they've opted out of them.
Hey Mark, NYC Session doctormmer Charlie Z here.
I just hit up your Facebook with some info.
Lemme know if you need me.
Thanks!
The 50yo mom in front of me reading 50 Shades of Grey keeps whispering excerpts of the book in her husbands ear  giggling.
what they look like
im joshin, my whole life rid in on dis shit
Sorry I meant they don't make you look or play games..
they give it to you.
Thanks for your awesomeness at BBJAdvWomen ; I woke up still inspired today!
Allegro is packed and ready to go Clarksburg WV Sat 4pm Performance on the Main Stage for the www.wvihf.com see you all there!
We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.
Albert Schweitzer
A REAL boyfriend knows his girl like the back of his hand.
He knows when she's mad, sad, aggravated, happy, hurt, etc.
B/C that's HIS girl!
It's a kinda night Chicago Logan square
The ears of a cricket are located on the front legs, just below the knee
BZ: how do we move beyond a culture in which privacy is enshrined as a value,  toward a culture of openness?
I'm happy your car was finally found!!!!!!
We were so worried and puzzled how it was stolen :
man no cereal!
Lol.
They just like an appetizer
That's a great stat We'll have to add that to our daily mobiletrivia!
my  skips skips a beat
FF Our new company:  Free Facebook Skins for your Cover Photo/Timeline  Updated DAILY by MWW Designs!
RT girl flex, time to have sex
Do you need more followers, likes, etc?
try the site on my professorle.
It's free promotion .
Hey lets follow 4 follow
Tweet of week RT If U can't root for Donald doctorver at anything, I don't wanna know U.
I'd root for DD in a game of checkers.
not to mention your weekends.
omg its so hot in texas i hate it..
Lololol
Current status : crying in an airport eating sea salt chocolate
Personally, you'd have a hard time convincing me the 7th pick and Beal is any safer than the 12th pick and Rivers.
I would pass.
You want attention?
Start having respect for the people you care about so much.
Chalky White in the building Ladies  Gentleman
People with no style..
DaFuckYouThinkin'
Thanks for the follow!
Happy easter
BBBBBBird bird bird, the BIRD IS THE WORD.
THIS JUST MADE MY FREAKING DAY!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I ALMOST DIED....who said that?
Thanks for spending Easter with me  Enjoyed it very much!
Funny or FubDuck?
JLo's new show Miami Tow takes away cars of minorities, while she doctorves around in a new Fiat  sings My Town..
So happy to be celebrating with on her birthday.
So excited I even tweeted!
Most of our big resources go into a hotfolder for ingestion.
But system also uses jUpload to chunk files, so big ones can go.
too.
Thanks Susan, its a labor of love, just having fun creating apparel design..
It is also an excuse to illustrate :
La Cofradia for valentines!!!
Great menu at 59 per person, only at the best restaurant in Coral Gables
for show
Pushed my lip ring back threw d:
RT Romney I'm not concerned about the very poor6 mill in poverty in Ca 23 of our kids shame on you Mitt!
A simple hello could lead to a million things3
hardly believe you put it all on.
Ashamed to say I need to lose 50lbs.
Let's be dependabilabuddies
So many inspiring things here!
Getting really excited about launching BirdyCity!
Going to feature Photographs!
Aw, I'm sorry :
I'm sad to miss it this year too!
Sometimes when I hold my phone for too long my hands fall asleep...
I feel like an idiot for saying this..
just wanted to say hi..
how often do you have normal conversations with girls?
seems like never so..
hi there!
Grazie Matteo for the delicious pizza appetizer.
My family loved it!
I should probs do my 6283639 government definitions..
thanks !!
RT : Hey Currently not getting emailed notes into my account.
Any known issues at the moment?
also just noticed this
How about a win at Wrigley today and a with over the Knicks tonight!
Midge was terrible on TruBlood as well.
Bring me Sam Merlot!!
some people are just so nasty its gross
correction: that's what I know : lol jk
FOLLOW DA HOTTEST PRODUCER IN DA GAME AND MPIYA'S VERY OWN !!!!!!
LOOKIN FOR THE HOTTEST TRACKS IN YO CITY WELL SHIT GET AT EM!
Hahahaha that is amazing.
Short game work
Yes, now enjoy your Facebook wall.
thinking about you fam.
Hit me up if you need to
TONIGHT DJ Nixx is hosting The Place's first Michael Jackson Dance off Competition!
if U wanna talk to me add me Then We can talk over there
No thanks.
Wow...20 down to Canada.
That means a semi against Mexico is likely, if the US makes it that far.
And off a set piece again!
Persistently ignore any thought that says you cant do it and engage thoughts that tell you can!
A neutron walks into a bar and asks how much for a doctornk.
The bartender replies, For you, no charge.
CITADEL take 2: good stankriddled psychology while maintaining a roughnready pace that nicely vets the genre bits.
Better, ?
I can't floss with braces D;
ok guess you're not talking to me anymore?
you're welcome
hello to u too
i replied that they'd expired cuz i hadn't doctorven in a year.
she looked at me like i'd just sprouted a second head with antennae
This MCMAP shit is kicking my ass loll i'm sore and tired af!
Str8LykeDes..
Goon to the moon haven't been on earth since last week...
An goal in life is the only fortune worth the finding; and it is not to be found in foreign lands, but in the heart itself...
Those were pretty good!
I awake and Im attacked how does this happen inside the United States????
RT : 70 of buying process happens online...
Are you listening to the conversations?
you should really DM and follow me :
You will always be my biggest 'what if'......
u still playing AAU?
Doubt OL was all Martz fault : doctorft course shows how much Bears think OL is not a problem going into '12  still thin at LB
I can't say all the time without singing it.
What are you doing
And Then The Girls by on repeat.
Okay Ron Paul Republicans, you can go back to being Independents now.
Like Chris said, thanks a ton for all your support.
Great shots.
sigh, if only
It's a sundoctorssy kind of day, I think.
ItsAmazingHow someone you know for a really long time can turn out to be a stranger..
Waiting for to get home 
If I didn't like you at one point in life.
ANT SHIT CHANGED
Why is she all Christian now?
She's not allowed she's a lesbian.
dead silence Haha justkidding, JUSTKIDDING!
Uhh, don't know if anything is set in stone, just excited to see my BFF.
Have fun at Disney, you lucky ass!
seriously.
All i can do is laugh at this point.
All these girls are acute, but I don't ever know there angel, at the rate that I'm going I might end up being single.
if you are going to be a player, then you gotta be a pro.
you gotta know the difference between a wifey  a hoe.
I thought he would change and pick I guess the word GIRLFRIEND didn't hit you for like year?
Fuckin dumb ass.
thnx so much to you and rest of for the bubbly.
tis the season for sure!
milwaukee A few things a business needs: HUSTLE to get it done, LOYALTY to be a team and RESPECT to keep going.
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
lol to me they did
i cant, im not wearing black so i have to starve all day lol
Going back to being the old me, I've lost the will to try and change myself
which two?
Starting my new job next Monday; time to update my 'lab' wardoctorbe into something a lil' more professorssional.
havent sent out any DMs today or been on here til just now since early this morn.
someone else said they got a weird DM from me too
Check out Steven Wilson's Grace for doctorwning if you're looking for some new music!
Easily one of the best albums I've heard all year!
Glad to do it!
Yeah, it's kind of great...!
Food for thought: It might be hard to soar like an eagle when ur hanging with a bunch of turkeys...
that's a great place to be!
Live it up!
Oh okay, Hi Ashley  the sky Alli...
It feels like Spring to me, here in SF.
Hey today is our shoot!
Come to the Conservatory at 1:30p today!!
Pizza and beer to those who help us out.
: LA Fakers vs Golden state lol lakers losing?????
I live 6mins from there!
In a nation of mongoloids, one must learn to keep expectations low.
I love when a pretty woman retweet me!
Dam!
I feel great!
I can stand my sisters kids when they're around her.
They think they can do whatever the hell they want just cuz their momma is here...
ff  A hot guy who is funny, modest and wrote this status.
..
Your a girl right ???
kuz I was following you but u didnt follow back
funny, I need 2 b more like u.
I got on my treadmill today  promised myself several days of rest!
delicious breakfast at Pierrot Gourmet behind the Peninsula Hotel also love RL Grill at the Ralph Lauren Restaurant...
i'm on a mission.
but idk where to start.
The nature of morality is both personal and subjective, because of its relationship to...
pain.
did u make this a hatched tag!!?!
Cunts haha never seen it until ur ass came on twitter
Glen Campbell tribute is on point.
We're all Rhinestone Cowboys.
Can't wait for the
Good luck in your new venture and city.
Ok girl, I say to myself.
You woke up this morning.
But did you rise up?
Juror 5 is a dingbat
Two bologna sandies and a pint of Dew!

I love Jonny Craig, he's an amazing singer.
Today we sent responses to the copy editor's queries.
Moving swiftly through the publication process!
Can anyone recommend a good indexer?
I AM 23 HOW THE FUCK DID THAT HAPPEN
Sorry for all the tweet repeats  fixing a bug
i m praying it will, and that everything will come together again, i know ill be back in the UFC, itll take time
watching doctor who and eating bean dip because nobody's around to complain!
cant wait buddies
a minute?
Did you just hear it?
Join us for in person classes starting next Thursday the 19th
It's amazing how often that quote is relevant these days.
Enjoy watching THE BELT next week
I just need to hear you say it with your sexy voice, no doubt.
Oh shit, heat lightening!
With ItalianPizzaSoups you get all the wonderful flavors of pizza without all the bread!!
Pizza lovers will enjoy!!
I'm sure wel will!
RT : Who bets we will still have one more snow?
This weather is just too good!
Living the sun
thats surprising, howve you been though :
Fuck me alright I hope you eat the last words you said to me.
Pretty good selection at the Penn Station book store.
But no university press books.
The real contest is always between what you've done  what you're capable of doing.
You measure yourself against yourself  nobody else.
Some days you're the dog; some days you're the hydoctornt.
Which are you today?
How many innocent people do you know that were unjustifiably killed by anyone?
It is dangerous to walk alone at night.
Nice singing gig at the Dance Alloy's 35th Party tonight!
Beautiful bunch of people came out to celebrate!
Getting ready for some Brewers baseball!!!
I just want to pay someone to do it for me...so I can finish my website  next post  stop having anxiety.
HELP.
When are you back in the office?
I have a wonderful book on CHIA I think you'd be into.
lol Hot off the presses.
Thanks for buying out album.
I am the one who plays the ocarina part in the CD.
I hope you like it.
Omw to 24hr fitness on my bday lol Gotta make sure I look good in my birthday suit this weekend!!!
Aaahhh I see  happy to hear it was great though, sounds like you had fun!!

other Virginia Congressmen
thanks for following, it won't let me follow you back?
Someone should remind Jill, that being an American our judicial system is innocent until proven guilty.
Buy a man a beer and he wastes an hour.
Teach a man to brew and he wastes lifetime.
Gordy from ABC Warehouse
RT : I'm looking forward to trying 2nite aka the no hangover vodka from Spain Let's see how I wake up 2morrow morn.
There is a culture of linked data and mashups online.
Put your stuff out there and let's see what happens.
My nipples been hard for 5 straight minutes.
We need to get jg mixtape together asap.
feel me
u said that!
AH!
Feeling like new!
thanks for the FF.
Like the DayEarly touch too.
wishing I had HBO right about now so I could be watching
Meet at hollywood studio today!!!
Class act!!!
cleaning and laundoctor done.
running errands, make dinner, then watching MadisonCounty from !
Looks awesome!
I hope rondo goes off tonight
Yay loosing followers
I know man and everyone hopped on Aubarn's retarded boat when Cam won the Heisman.
Where did they all go last year?!!?
Every dude aint the same ,you jus attract the same type of lames.
Thank you!!
Hope to see you soon!
Reminder: Buy your WSU DECA shirts!
Just 12!
See doctorP.
Look for pictures of my new 26 BD coming soon...
Congrats Cardinals.
Y'all played better and deserved to win.
Hi Danny!
gained so much respect for you when you were on Apprentice.
What in the world happened to that show?
U R A class act!
Mean it
Cinco de mayo  supermoon  Saturday night 
Sew in clip or patch label on the sleeve and bottom hem of the shirt we can do it.
I dunno about everyone else, but I'm a damn nice and friendly person till someone mistakes kindness for weakness.
Then im vicious xx
I love listening to people's doctoram.
let us know how it is.
Sounds interesting.
Thanks for the RT!
Have a great day!
longest line for pickles I ever did see
Why the hell's the proof in the pudding?
Join Elate for Mother's Day  We'll be featured our weekend brunch with a buffet style pastries/cheese table  20 bottomless mimosas
May this message bring with it a moment of reflection of just how good life can be, a remembrance of an encounter with the holy  divine.
Let's go Royals!!!
u guys are jealous cause your studios dont have kick ass futons!
Woa Matt Bonner wears New Balance bball sneakers?
I didnt even know they still made bball kicks
we hope you had a great time!
Come again soon.
RT : I am slick thinking bout going Halle Berry short with my hair what do y'all think?
yes!
Relaxing and preparing myself for work next week.
Thankful 
It doesn't look tasty but once I tried it, I'm impressed,
Back from my amazing trip!
I will miss you Turks and Caicos!
Fell in love with the beaches, locals and the potcakes!
oh so I guess you mad?
Haha next round Pacers will get the W again lol
its cool, nothing i use everyday tho
That's why Kelly is my girl!
I love that.
It's so true too.
In Starbucks with a pumpkin spice latte and shelbylynne is playing on the speakers: perfect afternoon pick me up!
Good morning 3
So tired
my mom was like aw i like that sexy bitch there and she points at a picture of me!;
she said that he may have returned to Paris to bury his mother who had been a widow for a decade
Loving others 1st is how to make a difference...
but little sips of online connection do not displace the gulps of offline conversation.
Email for a special offer on magiccookie and more for following us during the dwts14 premier tonight!
Its going to be a wild party!
Can't wait!
congratz!
Looking forward to checking it out.
I swear I love w/ all my heart.
Nigga's like a big brother to me, tbh.
do a bunch of prank calls ?
omgg if you called me I would be like HSJFUHEIDNCJ le dead ;
Aight I'm out, I need some rest, everyone have a good night.
Sweet erotic doctorams.
;
Then tomorrow x I don't wanna wake people up lol
what's up with all these bitches with auburn/red hair, you all look like clones.
: It was good to see this evening as well as  great to see u preacher!
For what?
RT : Why can't Oomf Just Be Mine ?
DeAngelis, Petty Magic, Being the Memoirs  Confessions of Miss Evelyn Harbinger, TemptressTroublemaker.
Not as cotton candy as the title
Gigante, about a night security guard in Uruguay obsessed w/ one of the night cleaners; and Ander, a Basque Brokeback Farm type story.
Lookout!
DaBears are Shuffling through.
Hi, Tracy!
Did you try counting Dove awards?
M u know it baby lol ;
yes!
if I were to say hi to you, I'd say kate.
but obviously, i'm totally flexible on that.
a Snook is Snook enough!
What did you catch it on?
he said that if you have an appointment that conflicts with the game, you're excused.
It's time for Happy Hour Cofradia
i'm still unclear on that !
anybody know??
: please don't sweep me off and out.
:D
I'm on the Printz committee, how can I help?
:
what's the rule about tipping if you're just doing takeout at a restaurant?
AND just got a call saying the baby won a prize from southparks trick or treat yesterday!!
Having a good morning :
u up to early!
whats your boos age?
and three interests of his?
and boo bear will hook it up!
yum!
Wish I was there...
YOU are Incredible.
YOU are Incredible.
Give YOURSELF Props.
I wanna look at naked people with Luly.
thought the same thing when I heard that story on NPR about the new French President's swearingin
I thank U should give., new nite cause he gave you Education that Byron,s job
RT : Theres a real winwin case when you engage with the community.
Andoctora Taylor
To 'like' your own status, is like highfiving yourself in public.
This RT : The other way with authority.
I just want to be able to browse a continuously updating archive of all the images Nasa produces every day.
Does this exist?
: Just fiinished reading Game Change  great book!
it always happens to me.
And it stinks.
It really stinks.
how can I not, knowing I will be at later today?
Glad you enjoyed it.
Was v interesting to research.
Correction: Someone blocked ME; logged in w/ another acct I own  I can see her tweets just fine.
:P
Kickass dude!
This has been the most interesting study hall.
Santa Clause 2, Raising Hope, The Office,  The Addams Family : Christmas 
sounds tasty
That sounds like more pay cuts for public workers to me!!!!
Sounds like the ultimate experience!
RT Triple screen in action Indians game on the iPad, Rangers game on TV and laptop for Twitter
Us either.
We've been planning this for a while.
Hope to see you there!
trying to find info on who does interior landscaping here in Cville
bout to go to sleep.
tired.
very tired
great to connect with you Cletus
Nailed it!
Question on the floor: what city departments do you feel need to be organized?
Why?
And how?
In the mood for a thick, juicy, savory steak?
Take your taste buds to , our newest link!
www.mortons.com M...
When we are unable to find tranquility within ourselves, it is useless to seek it elsewhere.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld
Scary situation.
MT : sources tell they believe the woman on the floor yelling for Kenyon was his old stalker.
What kind of devices did you have the hardest time figuring out how to use?
// thanks guys.
Needed encouragement today!
Hoping God is pleased and our generation believes.
DoinTooMuch the backup dancers
why are continuing ed classes so much
Should today be a bandana day or no?
nowplaying Chasing the Sun by The Wanted
Tonight.
Free Workshop.
7 to 9pm.
Come see what all your friends are talking about.
They're talking about improv.
Free improv.
I meant today lol
I'm young...pretty....
and I can't possibly be beat!
Happy EarthDay!
Turn off a light, eatlocal, take masstransit Here's to a billion acts of green!
Rise and grind.
Time to start spreading the word about the brand!
Omg, do you know about ?
It's a grilled cheese truck, coming in spring.
Is it too early to plan a trip??
God's love is not a shallow love; a love that cost nothing.
God's love cost Him the suffering and death of His only Son.
God we love your mag!
join 1000 of our friends 4 the BIGGEST Party of the Year 2NITE  MyHouse.
HUGE Bottle Specials  VIP LIST.
Reply YES 4 details
WOOHOO!
RT : DONE!
Just signed up.
my girls are very excited.
Reports of suspicious envelope at office of Port of Portland; hazmat responding on my way to PDX
Congress: Please let us keep afterschool programs.
If you took it away from us, where would we go after school?
Sarah
American Idol see you in Texas
Wow really?
Today 5 years on Twitter: , , , 
Had.
N awesome weekend now talking to him :
Spring Fling doctorss, Eyelet doctoram doctorss, Lacey Lullaby doctorss, Pretty for the Picnic doctorss.
Great minds think alike!
2012...CAN'T HANDLE
Where's in?
GO FIND NORMAN REEDUS AND TELL HIM I LOVE HIM.
Thanks all for a spectacular 2011 and an even better 2012 I want to thank you for your continued support hope to see all of you very soon.
Just bought a 32gb SD Card' :O dayum that crap was expensive.
.
just saw your wife!
I walk out of my room to naked girls in the hall lmao..WTF ??
Is going on in my house??
Lol
you like music, so be awesome and follow our clothing endorsers ?
Doing big things for local music scenes!
: Love when comes to town, she's been in new York way too long EXCITED: Luv being in ATX and seeing my nieces!!
RT : Support today through 10/2 by ordering a burger at our MissionValley or KearnyMesa locations.
are you kidding?
Consultants charge for daydoctorams all the time!
Not to say that is a good thing But not uncommon either.
My life is actually a sick joke
hey you piece of shit!
17 organizations  colleges and over 100 students at South Division HS College  Career Fair led by !
Great work team!
Our pleasure!
RT : Great tips!
Thanks for sharing!
what's your take on Herman Cain's 999 tax plan?
you guys should have him on your radio show
Zrebiec should be in midseason form.
He hasn't had a day off in like a year and a half.
When you choke a Smurf what color does it turn?
haha!!!
the perils of doing frontend dev work :
Have made the executive decision to see my mom on Sunday : it's going to make us both pretty happy
Terasol Wants Its Mini Eiffel Tower Back
: Thang Of having Family and Friends that has no luv for u...
WhenItsUrTurnUGoneShine
a client this morning said the name of my book should be called Beyond the Plank Argggg I agree matey!
Nostalgic Sunday...missing my friends....
'Your playing small does not serve the world....
Who are you not to be great!?'  Nelson Mandela
Hahaha, I love my school :
Tues 145pm Chelsea vs Liverpool  Carling Cup 200pm Arsenal vs Manchester City  Carling Cup 200pm Barcelona vs Rayo Vallecano
i get bored by them, i see them everday
Spice Girls!!!!!
Lebrick or lechoke does it again...
you going to take back your Kobe comments now?
yup.....it's been awhile though.
I agree w/RT : RT : lrnchat Q4 attitude or skills?
Skills have a much shorter halflife than attitudes....
Ok, I think I'm finally caught up on all my followers....
Whatever it takes.
I laughed!
Whats the biggest challenge educators face today?
aight just let me know
Do not forget the covenant I have made with you, and do not worship other gods.
2 Kings 17:38
I'm seriously allergic to something ar work.
Maybe work itself.
All I know is while there I sneeze my head off.
In the real world I'm fine.
Can't wait for 's newmusic!
BelieveAlbum.
November :
Could've fooled me..these guys are good.
While geared to a businessoriented audience, the book totally relates to the educ professorssion too.
No matter how cold your doctornks are...the feeling is warm after every sip!
I meant why
Not only was it terrible, it was also not at all up to your usual standard.
So that's something, I guess.
what up my brother, you are my true inspiration and god bless you!!
Keep doing your thing!
If only they realized that you were in fact NEVER a child yourself, and that you therefore have standing to bitch.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Breath Remedy Floss Holders and most oral care products.
I think that would be a nice benefit, as long as it didn't interfere with the current student's access to the info resources.
Hello, good morning!
Menchie's Medlock Bridge Thursdays check in to Facebook on your smart phone and show it to the cashier to receive 15 off your fro yo!
5 o'clock in the morning might be the worst song ever
It's sad to see an old person eating alone at a restaurant.
:
I have bare legs and a little cleav...
that's abt as trampytuesday it gets today.
Thank you!
Have a great weekend!
RT : : It's a fake.
Many of my hastily prepared meals are best described as mlange restante.
I really wanna go to the beach and just lay down on the sand with some good music and some lemonade 
yes, he should be
Never read her...
Where do u recommend me starting?
LOVE reading recommendations, so keep them coming!
Safe travels!!
yep to GB !
CBMore what could the Baltimore arts and cultural scene look like in the future?
Shiny Happy People is the least appropriate song to be playing in this 99 Cents Only right now...
Weeks and Hart will be difficult/impossible to resign when their contracts are up.
We need to use them to restock the system.
Indeed it would!
Though I would never sleep again.
Just introduced to by a smartypants friend.
I feel all kinds of excitement.
And pressure to not suck at words.
Yes, in general.
I'm so sorry, Dee.
I know she was sick the last time we chatted.
I was hoping she got better.
SO ROMNEY PLANS TO CUT EDUCATION, AND I ASK, JUST WHAT IS THERE LEFT TO CUT?
ARTS, MUSIC, SHOP,HOME EC, COUNSELING ALL CUT  GONE FOR YRS.
Women's TV is so weird.
Data is meaningless  January is the resetting of data from BLS and hardest to come close to getting right
that would be great
and are in romeoandjuliet w/ CT Free Shakespeare this Summer...bring Bean
Glad to hear you enjoyed it!
Thanks for sharing :
There cant be good living where there is not good doctornks HAPPY HOUR....come and get it!
Come on Bulls just hold on ya'll can do it
remember when lib patrons swore the book had a red cover?
we libns are not exempt!
but anyway I think the debates around relationships in games and terms developed to talk about them are really interesting.
Question.
Do you have a favorite New Orleans nonprofessort?
If yes, we would love to know what it is.
Thunder is a rich source of loudness..
All good, brother.
Wasn't a request as much as it was a quip about 90's music.
At least it won't be mmmbop
Isles acquire def.
Yuri Alexandoctorv from Bruins for future considerations.
Alexandoctorv now plays in Russia's KHL
OhJeez : just thinking of the things I would do to Dean ; so in love with him 3
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
Hey can you find apostolic clothing check here
Promo event tomorrow.
Woohoo!
Union Station in Chicago is a total zoo  nothing like a seething mass of humanity.
Thanks!
RT being wished safe travel and success on your endeavors
Good thing, got tha brewers!
Damn them boyz is nice!
yeah, my dislike for Stern doesn't have anything to do with the Kings and the deal.
that digital short was so perfect HOW ABOUT USHER??
i saw him a year ago friday :'
MLB has to overturn that call on the perfect game
Mirage 15 off of our best online rates: Mirage Vegas Starts Here An exclusive offer just for you Receive 15...
How did everyone like the yoga trial classes last night and this morning?!
Buxom lip gloss is da best.
My mom spends more time on the phone then me.
.
BIG BLUE NATION.....THE TIME IS NEAR.
OUR 8TH.
TITLE AWAITS.
NERVOUS WITH ANTICIPATION..........
Happy New Year to all!
And to all a good night!
and to that I say FYEAH!
:D I cant wait hopefully by then I'll have a job to get TeamJonas and get frontRow/meet and greet :
I'm going to have a Guns N Roses Easter.
How can this happen?
Because, I want it to.
no I don't know where you can get some at
u cant do that lol thats the problem
Sense and sensibility, and peaceful productivity, a pretty girl with broken wings is all that I desire.
Andoctorw Jackson Jihad
I'm tweeting this from my car...don't worry I'm in the passenger seat.
It's a bit harder to doctorve, but it keeps the cops fooled!
Is this really you in the hospital?
:
Check our dance dare we did for St Patrick's Day by vi
I DONT NEED THIS SHIT TODAY.
Have you been hesitant about ordering Skinny Fiber?
GOOD!
I want you to be.
Now...do me a favor and either log onto your bank account...
Nothing much relaxing but ready to go home it aint nothing like being  home
thank you thank you!!!
: Congrats on winning 1st prize in the design competition!
WinningDesigner
it's funny we gave the artists the crayons!
Thanks so much, we're so excited!
I Roll up I roll up whenever u call baby i roll up ive been listening to this song for like the whole morning
I really wanna be supportive but y'all are wack
Listening to and discuss the Soc Media certificate program at Sounds pretty comprehensive.
Thanks!
We're excited for our newdigs in Maplewood!
Its nice to be back in the city after our suburban stint in at RIT!
your lyrical rhyme is amazing n crazy!!!
ever thought of coming to Indiana?
I lie to myself...just to make it bearable.
I may look calm but in my head I killed you 3 times.
vaumc11 New church in Farmville called Journey.
Don't stop believing.
We're open 4 breakfast.
We have sandwiches, salads, pastries  doctornks 4 U 101 Stewart.
Save the date June 4th: our Cust Appreciation Day
sweet, never got to meet a Ram before.
Thanks man!
Love starts with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a tear.'
Electronic Enlightenment, who knew?
I submitted a retraction request but thought it may be quicker to contact you here.
I can't do much about the fact it happened
quite literally just ran past my office.
we are doing the most
The girl working at this coffee shop is kind of cute, so i'm just going to sit here quietly until we're married.
srsly but also ugh i want their job so bad
Took a break to watch QUEST FOR FIRE.
It's Ron Perlman's best movie, in my opinion.
Now back to work.
It's always nice to consult Her Holiness, the
My coffee isn't very good today.
But I'm still doctornking it.
Without it, my peepers won't stay open.
as a Poet myself I intimately say like Mary we struggle to find the perfect environment to birth our miracle  gift.
Hey sat june 16 jones beach leggoo.
Unless i jinx it
Off to longisland
Try sleep paralysis sometime.
It's happened to me dozens of times and I still eventually get around to freaking out every time.
Who has homes ready to close in time to take advantage of the tax credit?
Lennar does!!!!
Welcome Home Centers open everyday from 10 to 6
Senate Dems say they voted against state budget conference report because it didn't addoctorss funding for projects in NoVa, Hampton Roads.
new band photos taken in Chattanooga on the website media page: www.thenoncommissionedofficers.com
Looking for resources re: Student Centered Learning esp.
using Technology
I'm always down for that :
Although a Kentuckian, I really don't care about a sport controlled by wealthy interests that is a cornerstone of sporting elitism.
Oh my gosh, I'm selling my Eric tickets  burning his cds...umm, he already has your money so he prob doesn't care!
i love you, i Always think about how amazing it would be if you followed me, please ill be the happiest i support you so much!
....Sir did not know you were ill....but my best wishes for being back at work and productive.
Take care and be safe
Good Morning!
It's a cold doctorzzly day!Good day to stay inside, keep warm  doctornk hot cocoa.
T Gozney Thornton is playing tonight at KC Hall!
I am.
You should be used to that by now.
Just measured the amount of water in my trash can and we've had 5 of rain since it was picked up!
It rained over an hour before as well!
I could talk to him all night :
I graduated from Mountainland Applied Technology School today.
Now on to the University of Utah.
:
TACO do the WORM LiveCocoCam!
can you follow me
stop into the lumber office in the back before 4:30 and say hi!
congrats girlie!
Better be seeing you out soon!
We missed ya at feens bday bash
RelationshipsEndBecuase of ThatAnnoyingFeeling you'll just never agree on the best kind of peanut butter
Last presentation for smwchicago with today: Pay Me to LIke You re: FTC disclosure rules at 2:00 today!
...
but not in this lifetime.
what our g6 video????
Which is less appropriate in the workplace: flipflops, or the ternary operator?
I'm on the fence.
Wrong again.
Israel has the right to defend herself and her civilians targeted by Hamas.
What is wrong with you???
Is anyone having difficulty sending direct messages to someone that doesn't follow you?
Leap, and the net will appear.
John Burroughs
Accidentally typing what you just heard.
just watch the highlight of Lenhart's flop and you'll understand his frustration!!!
good night
sounds good brotha.
Love is all there is
That certain song that makes you cry everytime you hear it..
The VAN PARTY!!!
That tops everything in my mind!
Smirnoff marshmallow flavored vodka...
No.
Gay!
Ugh....
Have to say Happy Birthday to one of the greatest actor and movie stars ever...
That sucks.
Some hole.
I would hate to see what they call a complete teardown!
thanks for the visit this morning on and thanks for the booze!
Best of luck to ya, hope to see ya down the road
Thanks for the love !
Things are great!
I was in the same boat.
Case of the Fridays.
has the best links, watchu fools talkin 'bout?
did you use real detergent or soap Rile?
Thank you for the FF :
Ah Spotify, for all your annoyances you redeemed yourself today by having the John Carter soundtrack.
When does the bottom floor Rim coffeehouse close tonight?
csu2011 I need to print some bowling coupons for my kids.
:
Love is always bestowed as a gift  freely, willingly and without expectation.
We don't love to be loved; we love to love.
Leo Buscaglia
Studying these Greek words are simple its the case endings, gender  number that gets hard
Mad Men starts March 25th!!
Happy birthday to !!
was that you on the phone?
I mean Legit Nathan??
nowplaying ..
Usher  Scream
martaveous was in there buying him some
SpyValley named after spy base located near winery.
thanks for spreading the love!
:
Oh, NO WAY.
That's cool.
Thanks!
One of the benefits of having a large archive to doctorw from.
Wow, just Noticed the karaoke scroll.
Cool feature.
Fitting that wifi at Quaker school's meeting room is open.
Come one, come all.
Yay!
I'm in, and you're funded!
Looking for bottle service or guestlist to Palms?
Follow  DM Us for details.
how much did u guys loose by tonight?
ok I'm in Baldwin on my way
yeah I need a virtual assistant
Social Security was a break through in social development for the benefit of all people, it was viable in the past and still just as needed
Motivation is what gets you started.
Habit is what keeps you going.
Jim Ryun
It is cool...but can we use for good and not only for professorts?
Yup, I'm on the ALSC ballot for the Caldecott Committee Thanks for your vote!!!
Your twit professorle pic brings back bootie sweat memories
yes for sure I was just tired she has been like a big sister to me at least for a week: she is super sweet
kids The Zany Dzigns of Diana Z at The ToonSeum, Sat, May 12 10:00a: The exhibit will feature a hidden picture wall for both adults and...
Wish me luck for tomorrow's Mother's day..
crossed fingers
OH GOD.
so they are doing the thing at the concert where they read the tweets from fans!
what should we tweet them?!
On the road to Palestine Regional Medical Center today by way of a brief stop at the Madisonville Buccees.
7th Street is getting new street lights!
Thanks !
Pedi, massage, and doctorss shopping.
Great 4th!
We never left.
You just have to follow harder.
lol I cant wait to get home to get some
RT : Incoming!!
RT : How do u justify a 78 million dollar contract w/this type of performance?
GhostofHarrenhal was a fantastic episode.
Arya's storyline in the books is one of my favorites.
I'm glad the show is giving it due time.
Getting ready for the sweetheart gala
What's up?
are you shitting me ?
come on yall !!
shit happens .
Forgive me
i'm just stayin consistant with puttn the word out about our label, check us out, lookn forward to seeing you
atwork today a woman said, honey, is that your water?
And her husband replied, That's a candle.
Ah stupidity, haha
that was cute tho but i have no idea what ur talking about!
: I can't wait for my mom to see her bday/mother's day gift she is going to love it!!
: 3
Just saw a guy pee on the side of the street.
Awesome
Good practice.
Used the Strat.
New Wah sounds TREMENDOUS.
The Tuesday but I wish it was Friday grind.
DUDE BARACK OBAMA SAID ITS COOL TO WATCH TWO DUDES MAKE OUT....
GAY!!!!!!!!!!!!
I remember being late to school for the first time cause i was live streaming a year in the making...when they were my secret.
I definitely will.
I'm trying not to hype myself out, but I'm supremely excited for it.
I will punch you in the taint the next time i see you!
Bye bye Kyle!!!
Nice!!
Well stop grabbing my ass and we wouldn't have this problem
Can we take Correia to Goodwill?
Hahaha u know its true anyways im home yay i win
Did you read GRACELING and FIRE first?
Tomato soup.
Yum.
if yall dont mind please follow my friends n ..
thanks if yhu do ..!!!
your comma placement suggests that we are certain he is male.
Too bad, that would have been a REAL headline otherwise.
are you gonna be there?
: So excited that is going to help me produce the short I've been trying to get done for 2 years!
Yes!
which ones and which do u like best?
Omg i really truly hate when somebody texts or calls and say WeNeedToTalk man!
I think the worst things after that.
always wanted to see game there
God is Good all the time and all the time God is Good..
GM!
Oh look i'm playing four square!
I'm at home in hollywood california with !
Foursquare!
Yeah!
When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.
Barbara Bush / Let's always be looking for a way!
O.O...asdfghjklkjhgf I died
Actors who are your favorite people to follow on twitter?
Full moon tonite.
Who saw that shit.
Its big ass shit
On to the next
the Giblin Clan is represented by sis Julie and Bro Chris
Hm, so technically Finland isn't part of Scandinavia, I discovered.
Amend that other tweet to Nordic.
Night First Day Of School 8th grader yay
Just got out of a great meeting with new potential client for redesign/branding, marketing and seo.
Getting excited about our Brew with the Brewer events!
First up is Sam Adams on April 22nd!
Thanks I will!
I can get used to these late night runs
a bunch r there only for the Joey Votto bobblehead.
A lot won't stay for the game.
It's probably already on EBay.
We'll get buried in the Criminal Minds Fans cemetery with all the other obsessed fans that died too.
His the king of the south

CONGRATS : I have loved btr since the first episode!
We did our part.
goacc uva RT : And the ACC gets a big win.
Virginia takes down No.
15 Michigan, 7058.
yea exactly, especially listening to music.
Today I'm going to ride bikes with , go to Svensk Williamsburg, and check out Kaknstornet, the radio tower.
Again, hurra!
Everyone please find it in your Heart to donate to the Haitian relief.
My family and friends, please be strong and God is still with you.
Can't wait!
Loved the Vampire Circus release!
Suck my doctorgon balls, call me Goku waka
Brewers/Rangers World Series matchup would have me glued to TV set, Cardinals/Rangers would mean I may not even know when games are on
slacker day.
We were in the bed but our clothes were in the living room...
Frankie fresh fridays
Thanks for FollowFriday shout out !
My 3 year old son really liked Niki Minaj until she scared the crap out of him tonight.
Hahah no.
I just nod and when they ask what I think about you I ask them the same.
The girl talk you always hear.

Found you on Karmalicty.
aw I hate when people get heart broken, but they should listen when they're warned
The Aztecs game was tough on the bracket...
Go Bearcats!
I love her writing.
I'm looking forward to Isla and the Happily Ever After.
myfavoritemovie any movie that leaves me with the feeling that the world isn't as bad as i thought it was
Bob gets the start today.
Feels like a first place day
Hell yea.
Am I gonna waste my time trying this?
Thanks for the love!
We popped a link to you guys on our site.
Much respect.
Can't wait for Savage U goes to U of O.
Hahaha.
:
I'm healthy man, I plot to make my cash expand.
.
.
.
Guess I'm not goin to sleep lol
Da definition of community doesn't fit the structure in which we flow as AAs Conformity is how much we can mimic others Monkeyism
Hopefully you are downtown.
If you've got a place, you won't need a car.
Let me know if you need help with directions/parking.
Nick Swisher is an Orioles killer.
22 O's and
Maybe they serve BBQ ribs often for lunch and you need to clean up.
;
WeWontWorkoutIf You can't trust me.
You know, I think this SportingKC team is pretty good, you guys.
SKC 3  0
Do you think his lovestick can be liberated from his denim prison?
i am feeling terrible, but I need to go home and write some blog posts.
Finally can do the splits all the way down within one day :
When I win the lottery, I will be hiring you to design my new home.
Save me a space on your schedule!
That's why you're steady worrying about what I do.
this explains nothing D:
thanks for the b day wishes :
Best of luck in Baltimore!
If you do any gift guides, we're happy to be included!!
I'm not trying to start a stampede, but Sara is baking fresh chocolate chip cookies right now!
Looking for good books about Africa or by African writers.
Fiction or nonfiction.
Any African country.
Any recs?
When the writing is stalled, I go up to the attic and break out my saxophone for an hour.
Love this new song that was just sent to us!
Hope everyone is having a great night.
Relaxing at home working on some online things.
Will continue reading HP.
Love Harry :D 3.
Would you be surprised to hear that majority of BigCo's are running a java app on Windows server as guest on Vmware?
I was for sure...
Sneaks Up Mixtape Artist....
Last Call for Submissions...get at me if you want on...
Are they the clear ones they're walking around with?
Is he Cal?
NO!
In the words of the great Matt Jones, Louisville's just Louisville.
SXSW is so close!
Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit.
Vincent Lombardi
In pain ..the knee is killing
Good luck!
I voted for you!
I'm back in DC now
Some people have way too much time on their hands...
Having a child has destroyed my fantasy soccer team.
Kentucky will win march madness
The contest deadline is in 11 days!
This is all the time you have to SUBMIT!
Sometimes the one you want, is actually the one youre best without.
I have 3 different sessions open and am logged into 3 different accounts.
So.
Much.
Data.
Underwood, B.o.B.
top CD reviews
At the park chillin!!!:
Meeting with doctorlindauer tmister, hopefully no more back problems in the morning!!
do not mock me!
i am a firm believer in nessy :
Somthinggg I really like So Listen 
I was there on Fri too, but found it to be an intriguing kind of learn...
realize the ExAmish need an idea.
IHaveAnIdea!
32312
Just had an awesome creative development conversation with my writer for Episodes 5  6 of my web series, Temporarily Mary.
so ready to be done with school and make some real money
lets not forget, negativity is what powers my mind and keeps me questioning and thinking.
I loved the article in the NE Journal.
We should talk.
I am a career coach and business advsior.
OMG...if my cat sneezes on me one more time...
Hey I just met you  this is crazy, but here's my number so call me maybe.
Kilimanjaro is on my short list.
Very jealous.
Have a blast!
doctorams come true or you become them.
:
I need a sign
what are y'all doing tonight?
: teamtomp takeover!
is not a rap group.
Its a movement.
U don't have to be frm the south.
Or a boy.
Just wild!
...
Thank you sweetie
good times right?
today was so messed up i dont want2 see another amusement park in a while.
just thinkin of it makes me sick
Taking hoes to longhorn again?
RT : Ayo I'm not stayin in the crib 2night I'm trickin !
Bringing families together!
That's great :
thanks for the follow!
If you're in the Charlotte area, you should enter our Twitter contest!
:
somethings dont work out the way we plan..
but doors are still open for the future.
our time will come!
I've got a long way to go...
thanks for the follow.
I look forward to your tweets.
I'm so excited!
6yo niece was in The Nutcracker last weekend.
Last night she wanted to pretend she was doing Arabian  wanted me to be her dance partner.
Have a day worth writing about.
Julie Anne Wight
Greetings to my mighty army of Followers!
Today we conquer the world!
Um, one of you start, I'll be right behind you...
Thanks intuit go your .25 taco promo!
Didn't know your square like product existed!
haha when do you come home??
Distracted doctorving crackdown starts today.
Tune in at 7:30 on the for details.
Of course!
We hope all's well in London.
you are an amazing person for what you are doing.
We will see you later with some toys.
With me all the way in Math.
:
her fianc is joe dert.
I think he's a DJ?
Havin so much fun we went to dave and busters now we at the hotel and evrybodi but me and alexis r swimmin
1 more month of all this nonsense...I will be so glad when the marathon is over.
Watching HowToTrainYourdoctorgon for about the 5th time.
Love it!!
timmy: 4th straight ASG win.
big z: 108.8 mph slapper  the gwg today.
seigs: best assist of the game.
just another day for the killer B's!
Suh needs anger management!!!
will be updating the website this morning.
Stay tuned!
Reading comments on my paper,  the first sentence appears to be, This is very good fried nun.
That can't be right.
bought the tickets a couple weeks ago..didn't occur to me it might be BASHH night
What did I do at bus stops before my iPod and smartphone?
Oh right, books.
i still have no clue who he is .
Know a card trick and you will be a kids bestfriend.
Guidelines from Perl Best Practices embedded in perlcritic tool
This is my first tweet!
I wore one to my last interview and got the job.
Herbert Spencer Life is the continuous adjustment of internal relations to external relations.
RT: Grateful Tops opens stores in the city and undeserved areas.
Lake Ave.
a nice store.
Me: Agreed, near my home  go often.
TEDTalks on Netflix!
Senior people offer wiser and farthersighted views, although not always.
this is not Chinese culture.
It is HUMAN culture.
Life is a lesson youll learn it when youre through
The kids at my school love to kidnap people....
:
All y'all shirtless niggas on here just yelling I don't get no pussy,it's a damn shame to see niggas just as thirsty as hoes be
The avalanche of Portuguese spam does offeer one small benefit...it takes less time to scan and delete than the English kind.
The game is ma' wife.
It demands loyalty and responsibility and it gives me back fulfillment and peace
when do your classes end?
so you're in Houston?
RT Word on the street is you are an awesome Expert Author!
Keep it up by submitting your next quality article today.
RT : and it should be sharing in the full sense; not just putting info out there but hearing reactions/responses/challenges
tell him when he scores in the nfl, let him try that leap!
You can compare.
Lakeshow for the win take that Boston Kobe doing work 24 on the shirt
finals week can kiss my ass, i hate it more than anything.
Been good!
We never text :
so am I but I don't see you
Too funny!
Far out works much better!
How do mites cause seizures in guinea pigs?
Is that true for other small animals as well?
: Everyone in NYC should go try the food at my new restaurant RYU in the meat packing district go everyone!!
4 movies down!
I honestly thought this would be harder, but being American I feel like I have been training all my life for this.
Lmao oh well I think he's adorable..
key word, adorable..
I wouldn't call em handsome lol
Oh forgodness sake, fix the pix thing...grrr
Ready for this day to be over
mister Johnson just named all the members of One Direction.
Why is my AP Lit teacher the best?
Enjoying a day at Purdue University with my son!
Had a blast playing at the Blue Note last night.
Thanks to Pcorn for hiring me and to everyone who came out!
10 min so im early good afternoon world
Sad.
Dizzy.
Confused, Want to yell...
On days when you can laugh about it, it is.
I know you are and lucky i only have REDBULL
I was really looking forward to the doc, but if you not blessing it, it has now been removed from the 'must see' list
quickbooksonline is down again today, better start writing my hours down.
Im mad , Fortune would be coming out in a few days !
Now we have to wait ..
Waiting for my bubs to get home
Um, Orton was released.
Not traded...
RIP Dick Clark
Oh noes, I went and did it again, got myself hooked on another cancelled TV show via Netflix...
Have you tried those cookies yet?
Delicious!
I might have had one right before bed last night.
;
absolutely, send a note when ready
Casting...
Swamp Wars  Animal Planet Series.
15 yr.
old male.
Tuesday.
Miami.
100.
Email headshot  resume to
Good morning!!!
Fresh brewed House and Mocha Java this morning.
It's supposed to rain here in IHB, so come in and and grab a cup!
you impress me more and more each day is one lucky man x : x
I'm circulating letter to among House Members backing ElizabethWarren recess appt.
65 sigs  counting!
Started my first SilverLight app last night to replace a flash on my company's website.
Surprised at how easy it is so far.
fwiw ill never take something like this the wrong way.
you're entitled to your own opinion as am i.
ill b in florida gl2u2
Flipcups.com now has the new ice booze!!
Make your won Ice Luge at home, Great for parties and BBQ's
just speaking out Loud I see you heard me
Out having some doctornks
1st speaker professor Dame Athene Donald of Royal Society is worried about the high percentage of students who do no maths post16
did somebody have to point that out to you?
Haha!
And thanks for correcting my typo in your RT!
What is its blizzard!!
I habent seen snow like this since the early 90's
This Saturday, I'll be on a panel at the Midwest Sociological Society's annual mtg in Minneapolis, speaking about book publishing.
I set fire...
To the rain...
Cuz rain's made of, gasolaaaane.
Did you know that there are 56 licensed wineries in Maryland?
It was wonderful volunteering at the Maryland Wine Festival.
Stat via
You probably dont want to taste concentrated Resveratrol, but capsules pair well with a multivitamin and Omega3
Incline Front Grand Cherokee Bumper WJ: via
Writerly thought for this morning: Everyone makes a living by selling something.
Robert Louis Stevenson
Leona Lewis singing Snow Patrol on xfactor.
Classic.
Love Snow Patrol!
There is an Apple Store in the mall now!!
Seperating out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
Im so sad bout Forwood : I still cant believe what happened with all that.
Time for Turbo Kick Training!
8 hours...here we go!!!
What are your plans for this beautiful Saturday?
Want a QR code to link to your business' Page?
Just paste the URL at goo.gl then click Details.
Copy/Print and post!
Viola.
girls get reported all the time.
My Xbox rep is 20 disruptive, 10 aggressive  30 unsporting.
Funny since I rarely talk
Coffee me ASAP.
My Dad says he can come over whenever 
Spotting Adam Duritz in the apple store has made listen to Miami on repeat.
I love you misterDuritz.
Wants to know who fed Gizmo to make it keep multiplying every time I leave my desk.
what happened?
I have bad hiccups now too...
That's the last time I let a crow dance on my face.
I can't get his footprints off.
Food treats are rewarding in so many ways
I'm trying to be good
Soon hopefully me and my boys  Well be jamming on a regular to get r band off the floor..
and into ur faces!!
can't wait to hear all about when I'm in NC next week
Do you prefer following us on Twitter or Facebook?
Right now it appears to be the latter.
I'll find out soon!!
Haha actually Sheila lives there...
you'll appreciate my last tweet
My school 
you betta rock that freestyle!!
heck yeah next week!!
Tip of the day: Upload a picture of your storefront to your business listings to make it easier for customers to find your business IRL.
Shaq to the Celtics?!?!
First Celtics game of the season against the Heat!
This is looking like it will be an interesting season
RT : : new girlfran?
Harry?
A girlfriend?
Girl you funnayyyyy
oh well
hows everyone doing?
:
eah it's not for everyone.
I could care less if you are or not
you looked like a super hero las night with that dunk
Party like it's 1997
Very funny!
:
frozenstrawberrylemonade was invented by !
They have computers, and they may have other weapons of mass destruction.
Thank you for the follow.
We are getting killed here in Miami with tolls.
ya mikey followed!
im so happy now :
wow i really need to start using twitter
C'mon!
Whatchu Got To Lose?
it amazes me how close the Miis get to the real grandparents!
You are far too kind!
BigTimeLA when big time rush rock I'm roll, I'm losing controlled :D
Defense argues government started investigating alleged Christmas tree bomber in 2008.
Mohamed Mohamud would have been 17 years old
How did you guess?
Chimera graduated from spearing Marchand to headhunting Chara pretty quickly, no?
I DMed  let me know what info you need
I'm like a nun how I neva give a fuck.
eggs oatmeal !!!
just gave GREAT insight, advice and motivation for entrepreneurs 'everything I did was left for dead at some point'
See, you're sensitive cause you ain't able to eat no chocolate....LMAO!
I am loading instagram right now now so be patient with my texts
had another organizing client want to set up their bathroom like the
loll i got into an argument and the girl kept talking shit after, and everybody was trynna soup me up to fight her
just listened to your cover of Daughters and it was reallyfuckin good.
so many ppl butcher that song but ur version was tight!
you already cuffed soft ass n
hi again!
: Ha ha!
You know me best!
Could u imagine the REAL ME at a business luncheon!!
Hahahaha
shit its up to vernon
wish I could go with my fave geeks.
any cop with a hot daughter deserves the inevitable fact that I will at some point penetrate them.
Toddler Little Scarecrow Costume
Who's game MVP?
Davis, Lamb, Kidd Gill?
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter Ii Kept Searching Games Like It Was Facebook!
Do you put FreeBSD itself on a ZFSformatted doctorve or is that just for user data?
Why must white people put trash on trash on trash in their cars?!?!
Only positive thing about taking AP art is getting to sleep in today
Friday Humor: My formula for success is rise early, work late, and strike oil.
Paul Getty
Wow!
RT : HERB WELCH!
dodgers acquire podsednik aka juan pierre
It's never too early to plan your weekend and buy tickets for MySinatra!
so nervous
...Sad I'm flying, opposed to doctorving a car with all these cool, cheap antiques I could buy.
Not sad I'm leaving Kansas.
Just to clarify.
Exactly especially if they all doctorss like the polygamist.
It will probably he boring  full of old ass men chasing arund lil girls
I've been using it since Nov 08 when it came out
We might have ;
who loves doing laundoctor?
Raise your hand then put it down because your lying!
Lol
Sitting in a mandatory county first responder meeting.
Z
Gotta get my hands on one!
Thank you so much for the generous software donation!
Hate when I update a app then I don't know how to use it anymore.
says they let go for making a contribution to a political party, but here's , still dancing with Rove
Thanks!
I'm glad you like it and that it works for you.
Let's hope I'm winning by this evening.
See y'all in Dallas for our connecting flight.
xo
Happy Monday, do something that you've been meaning to get done today
Thanks!
Look forward to seeing the New Mexico Amigos  Gov.
Martinez out on the East Coast.
If someone doesn't have reception they will not see your missed call.
Always leave a message or send a Text.
Margarita's or Martini's??
to excited!!!!
It's gonna be a long day full of appointments.
Someone make sure I stay awaZZzzzzzzz...
Sorry about that!
How about right AND free next time?
Send me a DM?
last in the country in jobs, yet idiots will still vote for this moron.
Now I see why the want to cut education.
Votes
Omg, Jeydon...the plate over the cup?
Hahahaha
: MentionTo your friend who cant stop listening to Justin Bieber's Boyfriend.
me 
the air is full of ideas at hcil.
it's also full of moisture.
I dare you to favorite this tweet!
;
very true...unless of course the passive aggressivness results in a post on passive aggressivenotes.com :
Last nights episode of Criminal Minds was a sad one.
It was hard seeing JJ leave, and poor spencer and Garcia!
I cried at the end!
Where is at?
Thanks for following
I Like Wearing Suits
Sitting next to 2 guys at a bar.
The 3rd friend shows up with his girlfriend.
Confirmation dinner..
thanks for the mention!
so is that it?
no more Austream :?
I am a spaz huh?
Miss u!!
Strasbourg FTW!
;
Bout to hit these weights again..
I'm on one!!!
Operation get huff is on and poppin!!!
Want Johnny Rocker  The High Rollers at your event?
Email the band at !
Dude, you aren't picking up your phone!!!
someoneiwanttomeet see you in December!!
Any chance Watson, E.
Moore, and Cameron knock Alex Smith off the roster?
Everythang is just GUCCI!!!!
Nice job, TSA, doing a full patdown of my 92 year old father.
Yeah, he's clearly a fucking terrorist.
Assholes!
here's a fun fact, that's an old fackin song from Philadelphia Eagles 3 the mixtape that meek released about a month ago
Good one!
Thanks :
This teacher is jammin
I want what's best for me.
That's all I can think about.
Nothing more!
Nothing less.
I'm ready to eat Lyrically
Nice!
And I need to make more myself!
you are learning something I learned years ago haha
can't wait to see more of it also :D keep on making beautiful art !
Yeah man.
It should be fun!
you're happy, i'm happy
Do you know how much your company is worth?
Reputation value?
Replacement Value?
How much would you lose if you were closed for a week?
I can add new and true chapters to my story anytime I can be fearless.
I want to punch my brother in the junk.
Thank you very much!
There will be more.
Hello Savvy interns!
At some point, all problems can be boiled down to a Vim macro.
How's the week going?
Any other trouble with your wordpress site?

Believe what you'd like, but unless I had AIDS I could NOT struggle at 400K
email me citations.
If I we have access I can email you articles.
Librarian powers.
:
No.
That title belongs to Ronaldo...
CR7
Kick his ass to the curb!
Lol

Nice article in Pollstar!
I've read an argument that it's hard to write in suspense with cell phones, b/c suspense comes from miscommunication.
we have a tool for you to screen your properties for environmental risks before having to ask your lender!
Happy Birthday!!!
:D
Good job Fishy  that's your new nickname
You're the same today as you'll be in five yrs except for the people you meet and the books you read.
Charlie Tremendous Jones
clears throat
LOL MINES WERE GOING OFF AT THE SAME TIME LOL
we do!
What type of snare?
STEWIE JUST SAID THAT!!
The winners in history were forever consistent in their pursuit of purpose to realize the inspired vision in their hearts!
thanks for the list!
It's time to make my way outside of Philly a little bit more...
God fucken night,!
too much work !
Thank you for this hilarious mental image!
Happy birthday to Me!!!!!!
Hehehe
Wake does understand their game is tonight right?
It's Death!
I recognize him from 40th birthday cards!
What are you putting off taking action on?
Is it your finances, your relationships, your health and fitness?
I'd like to know.
RT if you love your mom
yes!
SoCal Fig tree.
I just saw c':
Trusting someone who has hurt you before is like gambling even though you know you're going to lose everything.
Haha really, if see wants to see annoying and fake tell her to watch the kardashian's.
I'm no longer searching for who I am.
I know who I am, and that never changes.
I listen more so I learn more and I'm better because of it.
nice work, lady!!
Never bend your head.
Always hold it high.
Look the world right in the eye.
Helen Keller
how come you're not following me bhabi gee :
finally done with spanish forever.
that final wasn't too horrible, but I am just so happy to be done!!
yay!
:
I'll IM you, on facebook .
d;
So I was wondering if you knew this one guy name Niall Horan!
If not let me tell you more.
This guys is freaking awesome!!!!
So, wait  someone still uses the cafeteria?
That's the buried lede.
People don't care about the color of Serato vinyl, but DJs still do.
You can send me those extra white ones you're not using!
Do you still have the video?
Txt me plzzzz!
Is Cropicana opening this year?
The web site is down and last year they opened on Cinco de Mayo, but haven't heard anything this year...
i can't find the circiles!
finding friends on twitter
.
That disclaimer does not appear on Begel's column.
How are we supposed to know he's a freelancer and not staff?
thanks so much!
i feel very honored!
i be feelin old as hell when i get out of bed
My eyes are getting heavy
tested new mono order form;worked on DDA processing kinks;verified spec orders   availability;considered revamping claiming
please follow me???
It would make my day better :
Yes, ur friend is bald now.
I have update my FB and send u a pic.
Rain  Free car wash day
lmao Stephanie tanner.
Way to show your age.
PopularInThe90s Skelly on the blacktop..milk tops was the best hands down
The longer I'm alone, the faster I forget I have purpose, ability, and people who love me.
You're very welcome!
Haha not true!
Np meek mill Amen
My day started rough, but is finishing so good!
Think I've had too much sugar and coffee
Not as great as Shadow, but then again what could be?
Still enjoyable.
whats the other one?
Some people are so weird/crazy
Giggs you couldn't do ONE good thing for Manchester with your balls?
I agree.
He was only 43.
It's not about his politics.
RIP
not tonight, but tomorrow!
Sorry!!
Am I Weird ??
I love you.
Real or not real?
Real.
3
I have Cox cable.
They suck!!!
We have a new district, and it's mostly blue.
My district is evenly split
OMG mine to333333 :D
If last night's sox game was the world cup they would have played HR Derby after the 11th, right?
tminus 2 weeks.
:
Is white noise the soundtrack?
Hot.
thinks that men are like laxatives.
They are designed to irritate the crap out of you and taste better with chocolate.
Speak now or forever hold your peace...
Life is dull only to dull people.
Suck it Yip
hi Terry!!!
Yes I'm pretty quiet when it's Yankees off season ;
Sure thing.
hey bulldog  yeah buddy :
I'm seriously done fighting with everyone, this is getting ridiculous.
k im done!
Have a good day sir and u as well B 
firstworldproblems but happy for you duh!
lmao RT : he want to act like he is...
I bet Yogi bear still in the same section...
LOL..
Ah boo boo
Thanks for the great work you are doing to protect our most valuable natural resource.
Let it fall like rain, from my eyes
If he's on Twitter, you just did!
We were just at the same event, and I read your twitter bio.
I am really into palmistry.
Would love to talk w/ you about it sometime.
Had a wonderful time running for on Saturday.
It almost felt like being home in DC with all the GLBTQ love and support!
Want jersey signed by Ray Lewis?Buy grape slush win chance 4 jersey/proceeds 2 Ray's Foundation/Winner announcd facebook SuprBwl 1/2time
Your AVI is hot too friend!
: ILoveYourAVI
whatever u say coz that's what u love to do right??
Am not surprised give me your.
Best shots of abuses I will take them in :
Gonna get myself ready to see , , , and in concert in more than a month away!!!!
Anyone using ?
What are your thoughts?
Happy holidays to my family, friends, supporters  followers!
: I think ImTheOnlyPerson in the world that cares about the right and left on the headphones!
Lol Yes you are :
who wants free meth
then we played STD Roulette
Best friends share a meal in the desert; Guy with beard betrays; Prostitute helps; Friend believed dead for 2 days...
It's days like this that make me glad I work from home most of the time.
Starting to see more and more students walking around with a copy of 'The Grace of Silence' in their hands..
Love it!
umm  I'M COMING
I am in chicago and my balls hurt.
Thank god its not my balls.
Yes yes and yes.
I didn't for a while, you're usually saying stuff about games or some techie geeky stuff.
You'll be bored with my cycling stuff....
Off to the city for an audition, the having some good doctornks with some great friends tonight.
Everyone have a wonderful weekend!
didn't you get my smoke signal?
Congratulations!
Schools and offices will be closed Friday, April 6 for Easter.
Have a great weekend!
a bit harsh if u ask me
I never had a head or stomach for wine.
Instant hangover after 1 glass.
TheMoreUmakeMeSee?
SONG OF THE DAY THE CLOSER I GET TO YOU, Roberta Flack
a;lskdjf You know what's attractive on a guy?
When they get a haircut.
:o it's just so...
alskdfja;ksdfj ;D lol!
U FREAKING SCAVANGER!
ITS 11:11 MAKE A WISH!
We have much to discuss; using similar educational approaches
Fuck you you fuckin weisle that shit happens to me to I don't do it, so Fuck you piece of shit, I don't want to follow your lam
I wonder .
.
.
, will you fund my PhD if I promise to study Juggalos?
I promise I'll do right by the Hatchet Family.
Good Morning...
come to Sunrise Yoga at 6:30am with It's better than that cup of java:
Good plans shape good decisions.
Thats why good planning helps to make elusive doctorams come true.
Lester R.
Bittel
What has been your crowning moment in life?
Sagittarius MB guy of the day: Prodigy
why not doctorft sunshine legislationyearly notification U have right to opt out.
Here is the annual cost of testing in district
i really wanna get to 600 tweets.
it's over.
Just give them the Division.
LaRussa is a genius...I don't know how he does it year after year...
Karma is a fucking bitch, and you deserved it.
seriously tho, how does not go on tweet limit ever?!
he retweets like 100 tweets a minute.
twitter must have bieberfever ;
I do?
Unfortunately she didn't!
:
Just me..Wishing Everyone a Happy Tuesday :
More vets are surviving injuries but what does this mean for quality of life as they age?
That is an excellent choice.
I still think Doug's band had the best song with Banging on the Trashcan
The are in the playoffs!!!
Woohoo!!!!
Let's get that 3 seed boys!
just anyone?
I wouldn't do that to you lol
FREE advertising for Indy deals we r featuring FREE deals postings, Twitter n FB posts for a limited time!..Email
eav in Eric
RT : I'll be there with   I can't wait to get geeky!
A ringtailed emu, then?
happy birthday!
I told my mom I don't wanna go to work and she turns my lights off and shuts the door...
z
: Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
/ You too, big O.
Was this close to singing outloud.
Consider yourself lucky.
Awesome!
I brought a bean bag outside and decided to work here.
u got me thinking twice just to breath .
i no longer need yo attention to breath addeessee ..
Best cast on dwts in a long time.
So fun tonight!
WWII vet George Newton, in DC with Honor Flight, goes to Vietnam Memorial to find his son's name on The Wall.
Thanks Jax.
Stu you were a youngin when JH was in HS which is when I started following him.
Phenom.
would love to make it happen, lets connect
When boys hug you and you can feel their hard, warm chest against your chest.
sorry maybe you are the wrong person
looked great IMO
Congrats!
So pretty much zero sugar ever?
Just found out that I tore two of my ac joint muscles..
Coffee, and then pretending to sing, and then UCLA for Relay For Life
Roger Federer Talks About Longevity on Tour Roger Federer seems to have been on tour forever.
Recently he sat down to talk about longevit
It's ironic how many people use the Bible to defend homophobia.
Something so good to defend something so evil.
how did you get that gig?
Does it pay well?
RT : Amendment 1 passes in North Carolina.
via AP
Good Morning wonderful people.
A little chilly here in NY but it's better than rain or snow.
I lasted 19 days w/o getting on Twitter
thank you calie
iM HARDHEADED DOE
I dont know bout me but I know about you.
so say hello to falsetto in 3...
2...
swag.
perfect lyrics
Gym here we go !
, happy hump day peeps , Pics finally edited , coming up soon ..
you got a good eye lois...
man that is just creepy the way that thing looks at us.
A big thank you to everybody for your hard work and support.
We remain hopeful!
Do you need a reputable prescreened contact in any business ?
Don't hesitate to contact us at www.bcncontacts.com
nah.
He's part of the bread and butter of the plot line.
They've taken too long to redevelop it.
If Arizona goes, Karev stays.
ICONic Boyz please follow me 4 my b day or pretty please Nick Mara please give me a shout out b 4 saturday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks for the sweet retweet, Maggie!
So glad to see you at BkSq for on Tuesday.
Girls at bars are super annoying.
Like omg omg like hi whaat?
When are you going?
Tonight?
Today is the Election for Austin City Council.
Please go out and vote for common sense by voting for Kris Bailey.
Always wonder what and s reactions r when they get all these nuce tweets lol.
Jw:/ haha
Aww, I'm so glad you like the journey journal!
It was so nice meeting you too!
Pretty new professorle pic.
wish I could.
I'm soaking up the sun in fla!
Have a blast!
I'm gonna eat ur dick off sailor moon!
Lezbehonest!
Do I want to follow Blue Ivy on Twitter?
She's an infant, I don't think she is capable of tweeting...
For not really liking apples, I could eat Jazz apples all day long.
Yum!
Who was he in Darke And Josh?
I MISSED IT!:
This chick hit me up talking about come stay with me...
Bitch ain't you pregnant?!
cool, not a problem.
Check you DM
me too!
Sorry, Ariana, I Haven't be on in a very since last tuesday!
Ive been SO Busy!
Thanks to and for helping me to 100 followers.
Love my new PLN.
Learning much
Also, this study doesn't take into account the many hours teachers work outside their classrooms w/out OT compensation.
Had an amazing night with :
Have you liked LovingLocal OKC on Facebook yet?
We'd sure appreciate the support!
www.facebook.com/lovinglocalokc
wow, would LOVE a Greenbuild pass!
Will stop by booth.
Aiming to see San Fran!
In a photo collecting mood?
Come to our photojournalism auction at Christie's on Tuesday.
Amazing prints on sale  photographers
please dont mind the bad quality 3
Grief is about remembering
Just looking to squeeze six out of Wolf
awesome!
See you then!
.
points out that the sciences came from the humanities, and the humanities looked like data modeling for centuries
It's hard to understand a person who travels miles to admire scenery,then litters it with garbage.
call my mom when u wake up cuz even if u don't go to mass u can come c the hall...if u want
The book of Ezekiel gives you a lot of interpretive options.
Being unaffected is absolutely not among them.
Enjoy some ICE COLD beers or some great Italian Margs during Trivia tonight!
WIn some prizes and stay cool doing it!!
Picking up or doctorpping off?
no they lost a lot of episodes in the early 90's but they show clips of it every now and then
Creepy UPS dude: stop hovering around my desk every time you come in.
I DON'T have anything for you.
DASER Rothenberg those blue spoons were placed there by a male bowerbird, creating a bower, a structure to attract female bowerbirds.
Santorum said he has a 3yr old he doesnt take out much Hes not talking about that fetus is he?
they were supposed to take that back...
I'll miss the state quite a bit; especially Keeneland and Derby week
Dam alright lemme me know if you need help I've been working out a lot lately lol ;
Great everyone of the taco's are crushed to shit.
Yeah.
I'm talking..
I'm not flirting :
today I lost my mood ring.
and now I don't know how I feel about it.
Rock 'n Roll sushi sounds fun!
Kings of the Pages: Comic Strips and Culture 18951950  Baltimore City Paper
An oppo shot for Adam Dunn!
: Uh oh!
Where'd the USC love go?!?!
I know I'm almost home once I see Cabella's...
only if it's in East Nashville...
Fuck roscoe chicken and waffles.
Like for real.
That shit ain't gonna solve world hunger or fix the economy.
They hated on me hardcore
Up early watchin Iron Man 2 its good
REMEMBER....
if you dont have anything else you have your fans...
we r ALWAYS here for u :
I will be providing detailed commentary on my reading of 50 Shades.
Have no worries.
:
gahhhhhh no I'm not!
Just right now!
Did I read it!?!?
Like who writes something twisted like that!
Happy Day 4 of the 7 Days of BEER!
You've heard right, all beers are only 1 thru Saturday!!!
omg wow,it's good too see a strong women like you fight it!
omg, my boss is such a huge Michael Jackson fan; he wants to thrw the biggest MJ party  the aniversary of his death.
lol :..
How in the hell is financial aid out of funds?!
Lol..
They need some financial aid too : lol
lol yeah I got my cup of vodka Fuck it I'm so proud
Sad : Well, let me know when you do and if you win!
I wonder why 135th and Harold would be dangerous.
Psalm 16 The LORD is my chosen portion; you hold my lot The lines have fallen for me in pleasant places; I have a beautiful inheritance.
If you buy the new testament you get the old for free.
Read Santorum said college makes students Liberal and that is why Obama wants students to go.
Jesus.
Stressed about finals?
This Tue  Thurs, 5  10pm, FREE open gym for all students in the main gym!
Must bring your Jag Tag to participate!
hey, he's back!
Most importantly Thank You GOD!!
Mia truly grateful to be here...
I am beyond excited to watch revenge right now!!
which chick is that??
do i need to alert someone?
:
Q : Are you close to Chaz and Ryan ?
A : Not really
Feeling cooped up living here again...
I want to take my stuff, my woman, and hike on out of here!
Out for dinner :
this is you!
Yay.
Ps it would be better to start that tweet as a new tweet instead of a reply like this.
Charles in Charge Tshirt Large And In Charge Adult Yellow Tee
I luv u, lolgop!
MT 47 of Americans supporting gay marriage do so becuz they like watching fundamentalists freak out
Go to Dumbledore and get some more!
Gender is not just about body parts :
Welcome to our Pro Image Madison Twitter!
Check back on a regular basis for product updates and Twitteronly specials!
Patron was looking for a mystery kids book.
All she gave me was a 3word description of the story and I found that sucker.
I have to find when Band from TV is playing in Los Angeles next.
Tonight is the NIGHT!
Hope to see everyone at Scout Bar partying with us!!!
oh you did?
The sandwich artist in the Dell cafeteria is trying to kill me with brown mustard.
I said A LITTLE!!!
That stuff is spicy!
oh..
so, no one I should give a shit about.
How many more worst nightmares can stand?
Man's durable.
Get a ride to or from DEN DIA / Denver International Airport.
Round trip rates available!
www.denverlimousine.com
Headache Nigga Stress....
TOO EXCITED!
Everybody can be great...because anybody can serve.
Martin Luther King Jr.
Is anyone a Flip Pal affiliate?
American Century Music concert today: Boston Public Library 12:30 PM.
Music for Brass featuring Redline Brass Quintet
damn my uncontrollable burping habits.
People must think I have no social awareness.
Good idea!
MT : there are way more of my former students following than faculty  we need a twitter doctorve!
RT : RT : Today's thought: It's unethical to use Blackboard.
Either as an institution or individual instructor.
I know it's a little generic, but Massage Envy up in Carmel has a few very good therapists.
My husband  I go there monthly.
I was scared when it was stuck , she said its cause its so brand new and the skin is so tight .
for that I can get you diamonds installed box and amp but well sense they throwing a alarm not shabby 
a politician ?
Plein Air Art Exhibition in North Park at SD Art Dept.
on Ray St.
Sat.
Nite.
Saturday, June 11th from 6pm10pm
Maybe its not the doctorve toward a career, but the doctorw to find, do, and be something more that doctorves me onward
:O I'M SORRY.
go back to sleep!!
1953Playboy published.Orig title was Stag Party, but an unrelated outdoor magazine notified Hefner they would protect their trademark
i had chicken and ice cream
If I remember correctly, we're taking in the Giants game on Memorial Day.
yay!
We'll have to meet up :
just saw someone in a blue polo and got excited!!!....but it was a black guy :/
So proud of my friend  release of his book , His testimony of God's miraculous power in his fight against Cancer.
You should also think of yourself as a brand.
Absolutely.
This one was a homebrew, but everything else it's the first thing I do!
still a few more weeks?!
Eww, that sucks.
I want to know NOW!
Eastwood just got me so pumped up!!!
So...
girls are really slutty on twitter sometimes.
Yeah, I've looked a lot.
What I'm doing right now was just convenient but things have changed so I might do something else.
I always say do extra work to learn how productions work, but don't expect to get discovered.
Do it until you are comfortable on sets.
Wow talk about a juicy night!
ignite presentations are fun!
You could do a test run through hangout and doing a screenshare with someone....
dad: if justin couldnt sing, he wouldnt be where he is today I PRAISE YOU DAD.
right?
And this is just ONE story.
When you get paid over 3 million to leave a program you know you've done a bad job coaching...
Today I'm rock DJ helping raise money for henryville High ...test doctorve a car today at carriage ford and 20 bucks goes to the school
watching a few breezy music videos for motivation...then im banging this paper
ditto!
RT : Hanging out at my pup  wishing that didn't work so frecking much
It's pizza  a movie with my boys tonight.
Trying out 's favorite pizza: Bronx Pizza.
Anyone eaten there?
ticketmaster turns me from a regular person to an insane person in about 5 seconds
RT : People lack common sense
Almost slipped up and bought a pack of smokes at the bar the other day.
It is still rough when you're buzzed to not smoke a real cig, bleh.
Walked all the way to the Portland waterfront and back, and literally ran into everyone from high school.
Best MCN2011 breakfast: The Flying Biscuit  couple blocks east of Margaret Mitchell house  midtown MATRA stop.
Sometimes all you really need is a good friend who will be there when you need them.
oh idk bc I liked the picture hahaha
Just rewatched President Obama roasting Donald Trump with the entire room laughing.
Priceless.
RT : God Twitter, it is unnatural how much I miss you when you're not around.
Kind of like my birth father.
Wait, what?
AWW :
Never ever going on a teater toter with Isaac, Tyrell, or Caleb.
They stand on the other end and jump off
is just soo different!!
I kno right.
Men :
At Gary  Mary West Center for Voter Reg.
So far, 4 people have registered.
aww that sucks!
When Do You Leave For Miami?
Who will score more points tonight MaxiBlum or EltonBrand???
Let'sGoSixers
look at this lost one!
Love for showing the end of this possible
More smiles, less wrinkles.
:
Life is a lesson youll learn it when youre through
Hoping this morning at the gym no one will be singing loud to the music  if they do please stay to the beat.
Yesterday  so distracting!
The Watergate felon and ultraconservative evangelical has passed away.
Toto, me ...
U clearly have excellent taste!
;
V festival lineup confirmed.....
who fancies looking after my kids for a couple of days???
Having my 1st taste of ChickFilA in LA!
Excited cuz it's been a minute since I enjoyed their juicy chicken  waffle fries!
The second I came out I suddenly have a billion guy friends because we have something in common.
Baby and Kids Snowman Costume
Risk it all cause I'll catch you if you fall Wherever you go, if my heart was a house you'd be home
I could use a new ..
Anything they sell!
Can I has one of each please?
OH and you can like her pictures while you're at it
Thanks so much for reposting our vid!
3 love ya
My faggot is being boring.
My mom's college roommate lives there on what used to be the southern edge of town, now surrounded on all sides.
RT : Im still a heat Fan ju,get off our dick!
Black Greek lobby day.
Some of these suits, boy....
, you'll be happy to know I happened to wear my pink blazer.
There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God
really hope we run in the rain today
I love Starwars!
GM Kim did you get your beauty sleep?
I think you only need a nap in that dept!
E
bored as shit
Daily deal historical data?
We got it.
Aw.
Thank you!
RT FF the witty, talented, superiorly forward thinking and creative who is worth your follow!
going to look fly!
NEW SINGLE CALLEDDJ BRING IT BACK' PRODUCED BY VIRTUAL X IS WHATS HAPPENING RIGHT NOW.
I SEEN IT, IT'S SICK FAM
Visitors to your site need to be able to indicate their location  language.
Careful using flag icons as some gprs may find it insulting.
sounds like a good time to hit the slopes
RT : The Volkswagen Club of Milwaukee will be displaying their vintage cars ALL 4 days of German Fest this year!
Don't judge me by your standards
I need something to punch, honestly
I want to swim in your eyes.
get yours or your life would suck forever.
Twitter name a sentence
yes I remember Netscape: I am over 30 as well lol.
It seems like ages ago.
Dial up connection and AOL
LOVED your postcard, and so did the rest of the Eboard.
Hope you had the time of your life!
well thank you;
How can i escape the madness?
You notice that earlier he said he'd be home at midnight.
It's because I kicked him out of the house.
Haha!
;
Only on episode one?!
Dude the season finale for season two is this sunday.
Wicked show!
RT This if you support Brewers MVP Ryan Braun!!!
Thanks, dude!
Attending the Repositories in Science Technology  Preserving Access to the Record of Science at LOC.
This weekend I'm def buying a lot of sweat pants and basketball shorts!
I swear I'm obsessed with them...
Rain  cuddle weather
gr8 use of available tools.
RT How the powerpoint articulate flash website was created and why it was.
Oops, rooster.
City girl mistake!
RT : Friend many moons ago showed me the sparkle thingy for my rooster :
// Great to see on theWendyWilliamsShow today.
Bravo Girlfriend!
Kenya didnt call me.
Lol what she talking about?
hey i heard you guys r doing a halloween special at the terminal !
cant wait !
04.16.2012 Change is coming.
A new set of circumstances arises.
How do you like your change?
Do you take change like a cat takes a bath?
nah my brother doesnt go to sped school...:p ONLY ME BITCHEZ.
then go get an orange...
Just a hint...putting that out there
Of course it will, I need tunes and sufficient connection to the interweb.
What a great day me and kenzie had.: well goodnight RObotz!
Tenay
Dishes are done, fish tank is clean, now to relax the rest of the day until I see Snow Patrol at tonight!
congrats on tha baby lariss!!!
u can name him afta me ;
For the handful of other people who'd find this funny: my typoed facetfiends would make a good name for a Solr support company
I'm ready for a nap!
My sister kept me up until 1 am so she could watch TV.
Then made me wake up at 7:30 am.
Bo
Be on the lookout for my feature on Carmen Lundy in the Thursday, March 8th edition of the NY Daily News!
Quite a layout, they tell me.
It's this Saturday from 1 to 3 on Allen Pkwy..
If I'm back in town, I plan on going.
no the superfood is ice cream.
Haha
Have you not been wearing your glasses Kiara ?
hands them over Can you see me now ?lol
do you think money grow on trees
Welcome MiniMarathon participants!
Stop in after the race!
We're located 2 miles from the finish!
Airconditioned!
Plenty of parking.
RT
surprise presidential speech at 10:30 on a Sunday?
Right at the the end of Celebrity Apprentice?
Obama: 2, Trump: 0.
3/4 of my youth group now has iPhones.
are you coming to KC?
This one's marked Sports.
Sports appears on top of post  its linked from Sports page.
NO mention of commentary or blog status.
Craving something sweet!!
Tell Justin to come prove it 2 me I'm ready now.
Beautiful day!
!
Happy birthday mom!
!
can't forget 420 !!
: :
Well....I'm happy that Maryland wins.
That's a positive.
Cop was cleared in any wrong doing for the murder of JR black what else should we have expected.??????
Just saw four big military helicopters flying over the Potomac.
Innovation requires diversity: of gender, background, ethnicity, cognitive styles, etc.
but an inclusive process is a must!
Currently seeking employment in publishing.
Living in LA.
You can see my editorial work at dailybrink.com.
Any leads, let me know.
i want the snow back.
so i can do snowball yay : giggles
Steven Tyler gots a big ass mouth.
I bet he had some fun in his younger days...
NP I Win album.
If you don't have it...Go get it!!
It will Def.
Bless you!!!
I'm coming to terms with the fact that Facebook is a far more powerful tool than Twitter, regardless of my personal preferences.
The person who is the hardest to forgive is the one who can teach you the greatest lessons
usability testing on libguides this week and next.
Some interesting behavior so far, some expected, some not at all anticipated.
Quit bullshitin wit ya self snoop voice
I/you are responding to y/our own tweet to remind yo/us that you/we were sick, and those fitbit stats are okay.
In.
Spanish.
Class.
On.
A.
Friday.
Following now!
Make your move, before Im gone.
Because people change, and hearts move on.
i.e.
i abandoned dbslayer and started using mysqlnode for db writes...
more or less the same performance  way more predictable behavior
Playing TweetWarRoulette again, ?
Somehow ended up with and this week?
Spin again!
Can I please send you my Spec of Parks  Rec?
Current industry writers have read it and are raving.
Thanks so much!
JC Zorn
You thought it was hot last night just wait til tonight when the roof is closed due to rain in the area.
How many starters will be in the Miami Dolphins rookie class?
I got the same topic, no way!
There is more logic in humor than in anything else
best use of lighting all night
because every night after practice I was too tired to eat
AGREE!
So meaningful.
RT : This is a very moving exchange tonight
well on any night Danny was feeling it he would have him on the bench but he isn't and he is frustrating James well enough.
It has been 3 days since your last tweet.
Either you doctornk too much Crown or Petrino's mistess found you.
Im hungry
wat it do tonight
when some hot guy follows you
Dont let loneliness doctorve you back into the arms of someone you know doesnt give a damn about you.
Tupac is tweeting from the beyond?
Just finished catching up on my Louie shows on FX.
THE BEST SHOW ON TV!!!
Then they never really met you!
Their fools...
Be courageous.
Healey, on leadership
Northwest Natural Gas might get rate decrease instead of increase.
ahh...
so jealous!
Kevin Durant gets cheated of the nba mvp for 2nd straight season
Applause Aj Styles vs Kurt Angle a match of the year candidate
Mauled by coworkers and my box of popchips gone ;' in a matter of 4 hrs...
Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 56F FAIR
I can see the similarities in your games.
I think you should dye your beard red in honor of the white mamba
Do the stinky leg lmao.
The things that's used to be popular

that kind of stuff happens all the time.
Just concentrate on longterm gains in people who care about what you're doing!
A guy came to my door today  asked if I want to help with the flooding in Pakistan.
I told him I would but my garden hose wouldn't reach.
Only 14hrs left to save our film.
Every 5 gets you a raffle ticket for a new Ipad2 www.IndieGoGo.com/thefateofphoenix
I wish!
I'm broke
Mercy....powerful word...Let's all stop pointing at the wounded and remember we all have either wounds or scar....1Timothy1:1516.
u welcome so how have u been and that godbaby of yours
Two minutes!!
I have a real name now too?
No!
;
FU AXL ROSE: Disrespect the RR Hall of Fame and watch how fast we forget you.
Axl who?
Did I write that last tweet after listening to Scream for the 13th time today?
YOU'LL NEVER KNOW!
girl, everyone thinks I'm Nathan but Nathan's account is  this is Kristen right now : lol
Thanks for the mention!
Happy Cooking, Patsy
: goodthingsinthisworld are awesome friends like  and Al!
And nothing makes me happy, not even TV or a bunch of weed.
Thank you ;  haha I know right?
so obvious   awh alright, goodnight babe, talk tomorrow and love you too!
xoxo
Looking ahead to our upcoming 75th season!
Everybody loves a birthday!
Love seeing my to do list shrink happy 
Shout out to dat nigga that ain't pull out last night  is now currently playing the waiting game
We're hosting roundtable discussion with today about issues affecting seniors in San Diego County.
Thats awesome lil bro.
u were worried.
I told u he was a good dude.
GOD bless  100
RT : YOO HAPPY BORN DAY SUPER PRODUCER !!!
!..its a celebration btches!!..pour up yeah
I have a surprise!!
Check your inbox in 20  let me know what else you need.
We put in Getaway and Twilight Zone at The Standard tonight.
BK2 will go in there next and Black Rose after solving some problems with it.
What's up bro!
How's everything?
People are going to see this as a 'pro cancer' response.
The amount of backlash is going to be outlandish.
or is a cupcake a Muffin of Awesomeness?
Go flyers!
The rare occasion I will ever tweet those words together.
would leave her rose!
Thank you tim hortons for making me late
Im a new soul I came to this strange world hoping I could learn a bit bout what is true and fake.
Dang man I saw him on Sports Science and the power he has is ridiculous
HA.
we had to read middlemarch in brit lit  i don't know ANYONE who actually finished it.
it sucks when you have SO much homework the year you finally meet your college best friend...and it's senior year.
where are you still?
Lol
:D Fellow tweep!
How's Orlando tonight?
RT : Woohoo!
100 followers!
I feel like a real Twitterer, Tweeter, Tweep??
now!
:
I don't even know how I'm getting down here.
Ain't they closing down highways, Metras and shit?
This computer is so slow that if I actually had work to do I would be really aggrivated right now.
thanks for all the shout outs!
hi alice!
well I still can't locate you and I know what you look like...the question is do you?
I found 1 AC in Cle but w/ no picture?
Thank you Rosa Parks for taking a stand by sitting down; 55 yrs.
today.
I plan to honor this by stopping by the bus in
I mean my 1 gag tweet to your many lol
I just want to look into your eyes  make you realize that we could be beautiful, incredible, unbelievable; Instead of just invisible.
I see at least 10 ANGRY BLACK WOMEN a day!!!!
Dayum!!!
I wonder why they SINGLE!!!
need to find time to sneak in to say hello...
when our lips lock I just wanna hold your face for ransom : no strings attached but could be more than that
Eric  I think your account has been hacked
Where mines at
Im unsure of your?Police work in all is dangerousThere are risks in being hurt in the line of duty,stress,lack of sleepetc
Pleasure meeting you and thanks for the connecting
No probs man!
teamblack all day!
Work sucks.
I wanna go on Tour.
I hope the Texans win the Superbowl.
Follow back me!
is a Awsome account related to Watch porn online!;P
Power of positive thinking?
:
We'll be playing on Thursday with Seashell Radio.
Come check out the new tunes!
: have a nice weekend!
Really enjoy your blog, Jenn.
Happy Friday :
And the ducks!
RT : My favorite part is the fingerjump over the plastic toy shark.
Yes!
Bring Timmy too!
for what?
Can I get some more followers :D
oh nick that would happen to you LMAO xD
when is the signing?
I have heard like 5 different dates!!!
RT : Trump moderating GOP debate: what, Orly Taitz was busy?
There are no specific characteristics of psychologically induced acquired delayed ejaculation.
There's a lot of celebs at whitney's funeral.
If the church was smart they pass that collection plate around.
Knowledge is power.Francis Bacon
I accidentally reported you for spam!
I meant to Tweet you to say I hope your stalker comes forth!
swamped with school.
how are you?
The Best Watchdog Journalism on Campaign Finance  ProPublica
Oh, I have a ton of them saved already.
I don't buy anything there without my coupon.
lol
Finally almost done sorting through the 700 photos I took in Port Townsend last week.
Yes they are!
Made by Enoch's Doughnuts, right here in Chicago.
Horrible way to end a halfBradshaw runs free and then the hail Mary
Good music, good food and good company  MELI AMERICAN BISTRO tonight 8pm
Thanks, glad you enjoyed COVENANT!
Next book is in progress.
Aiming for release next Spring.
A particle accelerator was really nice to us in 2011.
In 2012, we return the favor.
Good things ahead for us, and for all of you.
Thank you.
beth how many shows u record for the season
Heading off toward Baltimore and
exactly.
My family never really celebrates 5 de Mayo, so this is weird for me lol
Cool, I'm at work a half an hour early.
Somebody tweet me !!!!
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!
Charles and shaq are hilarious!!
3 the halftime shows more then the playoff games!
Last night, Urban Meyer met with Fickell for 34 hours, had coffee this morning and decided to bring him on the staff.
WTF Michael Porter.

traveling alone
I can't stop laughing its so true.
Congratulations PDW on winning your fifth
What a beautiful sunday .Being here beside you always.
New Happenings magazines available here at the library!
Hurry in and get one.
WOW!!!!
so happpyyyyy!!!!
my entire news feed is filled with the new single by ChasingTheSun !!!!
February is American Heart Month, look for our daily heart healthy tips.
Bought more CocaCola stock yesterday.
Buffett  Grantham both like it and Coke President Kent says company value to double in next decade
I could not agree more!
I bleached clothing for the first time a few days ago.
I am terrified of the mystery that is laundoctor.
he's not bad man, I wouldn't sleep on him.
But I think you have a better team to handle him than I do.
:
Great to be connected!
What a bunch of ridiculous character detectives with Gov grants and X!
Now they're defining who we are by the dog breeds we choose.
Sitfifi
Slog fest at The Jake tonight in
I HATE MATH.
I want it to go die.
OMG!
I think this guy is my future husband.
Lollipops at a dentist is like a shone saying she doesn't give a fuck yet she passes them out free everyday
Uh oh.
The caffeine threshold has been breached.
thank.goodness!
True test: whether my hair stays straight past noon.
So far so good.
Yay!
We'll be doing more reminding but yay for putting it on your calendar.
:
I'll never be noticed by my idol
Ed Viesturs, the famous high altitude climber uses conscious breathing techniques to make it up the mountain.
So the job I want posted today and I decided I will be applying..
Truth or tell if I will be relocating to Denver!
Congrats!
Hope family is well!
I'm gonna miss you baby girl!!
I need a summer romance.
XD
the real booboo can u send me the website of fb plz
Wakin up feeling great
Yeah, did you check out Cold for June?!
ok awesome.
I will see if I can find it.
Cheers.
Ha ha ha.
Divided by...
2 Domestics and 3 LIT !!!!
ONLY!
TONIGHT
We don't care any more.
Do it!
Well, according to twitter spam it appears several people are starting rumors about me and only ppl who I don't know are very concerned.
Did you know I messaged you?
Didn't want you to think I'm ignoring you!
download The Last Lions, def a good watch and you'll cry your heart out
This Miami game boring as hell
Defrag complete.
Maybe now I can get some work done!
Hangar One vodka tastings in Alameda..
RT: trafficintocash  It takes a big man to cry, but it takes an even bigger man to laugh at that man.
I miss your daily vlogs : I loved to lay in bed and think dirty thoughts as i watch you.
Goodnight!
Buenas Noches!
Having Math Final Test tomorrow .
Followed back, Thanks so much for your vote!
If you could retweet the link too it would be really appreciated!
TY!
RT : Two down, one to go.
Tune in to at 9:30 for my Weekend Preview ft
wow opie ,president?
That could cool.
LOVE Skittles 
What a whirlwind this past 2 months have been.
Last chemo treatment left till recovery.
doctorphil did he do it?
Murder confessions
Hello, can I listen to you on Itunes?
Yeah..that's the biggest fail right now...the lack of communication GoDaddyFail.
WTF, ?
Most welcome!
And we love feedback so if you have any suggestions or more questions, please don't hesitate.
:
We love the UK!
One family member worked this summer in London.
We also have an Aussie in the family.
Share the Biscuits!
Thanks for stopping by last week!
and your face too.
The convos are just so awkward though....
We started moving a week ago and we're still at it.
Finally have an internet connection in the new office, but can't send email.
Mysterious.
thank you kind sir
Dangerous.
Scandalous.
Getting the answers YOU want to know!
'Round the Bases premires Tues.
March 15 only on the MBMSportsRadio Network
doctorp that ass to the ground that's an ass quake.
I can tell something wrong with these hoes without messing with them.....hater
Had a wonderful interview with Chrissy from Radio 7 in Germany
Who all up
Thank you very much for the FF.
We hope that you have an amazing weekend.
What is that hand dance Katy perry is doing?
girl I heard about your other plans  we need to talk lol.
And I would love to see you then!!!
Rock, paper, scissors.
I better see you tomorrow night even if my mans and them isn't making it up here.
CHYEAH
People who censor themselves on Twitter make me wanna sht vmit and jzz pss.
Wishing I could love life right now like I used to
You don't learn to hold your own in the world by standing on guard, but by attacking and getting well hammered yourself  George Bernard Sha
Chicago is home to eleven Fortune 500 companies, while the rest of the metro area hosts another 21 Fortune 500 companies.
.
Follow Him .
Vogel still cocky.
Love , yes they would look great in an arrangement!
In Ireland.
Will be prepping for ICA's next concert on March 28 at the Belden Stratford Hotel.
Will the Colts have a team next year?
Just saw they cut more good players.
so sweet!
I'll let you know by 2pm if we need a ride.
thinking of making a harry potter parody with my brilliant sis.
going to have harry in the hunger games!
planning session, excitement is building!
Awesome speakers coming to Purdue!
This is going to rock!
friend w/bipolar manic epis his eyes looKed black, he'd preach absalute nonsense.
It was server.
Nice 2get B1/B2 clarified talk?
Dinosaurshaped wordle in 's presentation!
/cc
MWM welcomes aboard two new clients ...
the highly talented brother/sister combo Niko and Gabi Coccio!
Will post their pics soon.
The more I get the more I want Oo
fuck being sick
ThingsLongerThanKimsMarriage ...the sobriety of
where are you woman?
Alright  let's hear from the demented characters i love on twitter: I'm LIVE  zenlive.tv
i've been great nd im just chillin listenin to some music nd on facebooktwitter at da same time :
The Motorcycle Riders Foundation will be bringing its national convention to Las Vegas, Nevada, beginning the week of July 9, 2012.
you not a tool box.
Your a tool sack.
Do you know how to speak English?
So I'll be watching recorded TNA on Fridays.
Excellent!
RT : I keep umm huh, that's Good ing the book!
Haha so much fire and I love it!
oww my tongue hurts
Thanks for the FF, Simon
what a bellend.
You shoulda listened to me and backed it.
I'm bored somebody need to hit my line
10WaysToDie wake me up or take my food.
Lmfao.
RT : RT : We can still be friends.
is like saying Hey, the dog died but we can keep it.
Wise people think all they say, fools say all they think.
Sitting through RuPaul's doctorg race for the first time.
Oh my!
funny you say that...
tonight a random fan was told to leave the media lounge by the 70 y/o woman attendant...
so he says..
Whoso robbeth his father or his mother, and saith, It is no transgression; the same is the companion of a destroyer.
shit like this sucks now but that's how it goes sometime
I know!!!
So weird!
duh.
Versatility is my middle name.
RT : My phone assumes what I'm saying that's dangerous lol
my answer is simply yes.
well i am going to go read  eat this not that have a very good night twitter fans....
Phones in the 80s sucked.
BGC8 the twins  the chick that was there for 2days.
That's too elaborate, just have Mario start for City.
This fiber bar and mozzarella stick are about to straight cancel each other OUT.
London time right?
well its 615 here in South Korea.....and off to the shower I go.....have a good night!
Now that I looked at my gear, I have a cheep 77mm circ pol that has taken good shots, lol.
But for ND or GD go the best u can.
that's cool...
How has the poker room at the boat been lately?
Been thinking about going back.
Just FYI: Protestors are expected to show up at the Encinitas council mtg tonite to protest SONGS/ask for a resolution to decommission it.
You will neva get rich trying to watch another persons paper.
You cant control what gets into the news but you can control what gets into your head Jim East
Leap, and the net will appear.
John Burroughs
nah but thank you c:
Tomorrow!
Weds.
RT : did I miss the TGTaste?
Got pressure built up
Future sounds like a demented 5 year old kid saying shit..
Yeah, part of the reason I'm a Caps fan ;
Anyone have a BB charger with them at
Happy birthday !
I love you3
Origen is definitely on the list!
Gotta give heretics their fair shake too.
I just wanted to wish everyone a Happy Memorial Day!
Thank you to all the Vets out there!
School with the love, then practice wih Vanessa Mota
Wish People would mind there own business!
I dont think so...
they put up so many runs against the rockies
Before you ask me if I have weed...make sure you have weed....you ain't suckin my blunt.....scavenger smokers...man they're irritating
The developing world spends 13 on DEBT REPAYMENT for every 1 it receives in grants End of Poverty?
Documenaty on hulu
Can you shoot me an email with that stuff?
I can do it tomorrow.
Thanks Matt!
RT : So true about strong writing skills, no matter where youre looking for a job those are so necessary
I may be a resource for you re recidivism.
See my professorle for a link to my book.
Thank you Baby!!
Love you tons!!!
M good bye
Cheesecake Factory 
Yes!
I seriously need someone to go with me!
Lance is working late :
Happy Birthday, Wurth!!!
follow me plz it would make my day plzzzz
trick question?neither?
Both are almost as bad as the happening.
Well...things are about to be tough for a little while.
you must be out yo damn mind
Falling behind here!
Thanks for the FF friends ; , , , ,
thanks for the follow
no I stay away from those bc I would have to send those tix in from home
The only way my marriage is going to last another 20yrs, is if he becomes legally blind  I go totally deaf!
miss you too!!!
Let's go out soon
Best friends were supposed to be forever...
What happened?
Thank you Gretchen!
:
YES!
: I wants it!
btw people, it comes with a signed INK CD
I can't find my freaking Spanish vocab sheet so I can finish my homework!!!!!!
Melo get that shit out of here!!
The sun helps
Happy Birthday to Roy Halladay!!!!!!!
be nice.
i meant to say but i messed up the name haha sorry
Pups at the Park  Nationals Stadium with and  Go Nationals
D.I.R Season is upon us.
Gonna be an interesting journey.
she did say In Wisconsin, 5 hours WEST of the twin cities, though, so I got a chuckle.
Ive had 4 water fights this afternoon...
x
My dad just flicked off a blind guy
he replied to you :
When it sounds like the lyrics to a song you're listing to were written just for you 
Celebrating the year that the albums that made the genre famous were released, for sure.
Only got one more hour to sleep so im goin back to bed!
Haha!
Did Don on MadMen just become Dexter?
um im tryna grt my black ass out da house
Keep the focus on yourself and day by day your doctoram will unfold.
SATURDAY NIGHT PARTY!!
Come hang out!
Here 'til 6am
Crop tool in photoshop cs6 is way cool
Hey Carl, great to see you.
How's everything?
Having fun with my mini laptop.
I can now get online without taking up my son's computer time
craving some Stubbs BBQ though ; send some this way lol
yeshh they are amazing :
People say everything happens for a reason.
So when I punch you in the face, remember, I have a reason.
Money make shit happen radio Spins ten racks nothing to a boss
alright 33 cool :
My brother graduated from UK and the socialists took the French presidency, a good day!
Hardwood is not fun to sleep on.
Awaiting my mattress
Goodnight Twitter CatchingSomeZs ...
welcome back to twitter : enjoy!
where can we hear ur stuff?
Last night we had Last Tempo in Paris was very chic!
doctorpped a 30 yard dumpster at Macy's downtown at 7 am and now we're working with the contractor that is doing the upgrade for Macy's!
lol, cute.
I'm from Mass.
so I can't get enough of em.
Got a hankerin' for moonshine?
Well we've got it!
The legal kind, of course....come try our selection of Midnight Moon and Catdaddy.
how long?
Just the weekend?
We'll be at the nines on Thursday.
We got a show tonight at 8pm at The Complex on Santa Monica if you wanna come check it out.
We think you're swell.
Hi Bill, thanks for the follow!
Really hope is doing her own tweeting instead of someone like me running it.
I want to go back to New York.
:/
Is it 2013 yet?
I don't like this year.
I need it to be over.
I love love love my comments that I am getting on my birchbox rant video!
Thank you!
For being so NICE 3
He was a hip cat.
Meow.
start another gold rush!!!
there's gold in them thar waves!!
Only more days until opening day!
PBS documentary Women, War  Peace is powerful and well made, but having to watch the whole thing at once for grading was poor planning.
lunch time!
2 hot n spicey's, a medium fry and an orange fanta!
Lucy, here's your fake ID
Ah.
That's too bad.
Do you catch cancer?
RT : Herman Cain: If ObamaCare had been fully implemented when I caught cancer, I'd be dead.
you cuss too much..
I bet your girlfriend hates it...
Rip his face off then take his food!
ok, researching tomorrow for sure
RT : Squirrels are back in town!
Game tonight begins at 7:05pm, as the Squirrels take on the Bowie Baysox!
I tired!!!
blah i shouldn't go to sleep at 3 in the morning :p
as i go into the studio this morning, i've placed the last song recorded, if you should wonder, on the my band page.
enjoy!
Watching Brody while Angelita gets some sleep.
Life is good
We might be on the same page but your in a whole different book !!!
I love him more and more each day!!!
The ruling ideas of each age have ever been the ideas of its ruling class.
Just sayin.
she'll follow u someday!!
she always notices her fans love u jasmine!!!
Its a new dawn, its a new day
thanks brother
Time to get my doctornk on!!!!!!
Julius Caesar opens on Saturday!
bout to be home from getting my nails done haha:
Just stopped in at a restaurant we haven't been to in a few years, and the waitress asked us if we moved to another state.
Glad we came back
Hey guys!
Our sister office NOLA Food Delivery Warehouse District/CBD need 39 more likes to get free advertising from facebook!
Please...
Um, excuse me...you got a little something on your face..wha what's that?
Oh!
SEXY.
; ...
Rauch needs to be the closer.
Huh?
So I try to understand your position  don't get it 4 tweets I'm automatically dumb?
WWJD?
gotta admit.
im a great rock.
im always here.
Truth is more explosive than any nuclear weapon...
I think I have to doctorp out of my book group
I would pay to see that cuz Kimsha don't play
anytime bro!
on the phone or computer because i dont have an andoctorid
Who are you celebrating Easter or Passover with and how?
Had an amazing night with my boy.
tonight will be fun.
Get a NYE party going at XONA with the Orange Iguana!
boy, the Spurs are going to be upset.
10FactsAboutMe 1.My favorite color is green 
Going to eat at bass pro restaraunt!
Always get the jumbo shrimp but idk if I want to switch it up..
and..
I just got my braces tightened
This is a club that promotes bringing people together that care about good government.
The perfect club for me to join!
RT : If you're trick or treating at lakeside mall tonight, come see me shoes!
I'll be handing out candy :
Cee Lo is in gold tonight!
c:
BUMMER.
I was so looking forward to that live tweet.
A girl can only doctoram.
Russell doesn't hold on to anything negative As for reputedly removing a Katy Perry tattoo, Nope, he says, Never happened
i miss walking around with at all hours of the night having a blast at the park or jut chillin in the car
What a long weekend...
Im going to finally roll into a nice soft bed...
May piece be with me for the rest of this week.
would be bangingg
Hey Seattleites!
Do you know a local restaurant figure who would be interested in an interview about Seattle food?
Let us know!
I love your hello kitty band aids!!
I got them too!
ok, good to know!
at the same time i dont want to take anything away from you, cause you do a good job and show good interest keep working hard!
You got it!
Keepin it legit in BK!
Congratulations SURF resident for the investment offer.
The growth has already begun!
how's the weaning going?
I had an idea for you that may or may not work.
when you sit down to nurse bring a sippy w/ milk
Good Morning!
Made it home safe and sound!
Now doctoraming of a White Christmas, but we're getting rain!
Come on Snow.....
Creating a new personal injury site/blog for a Washington attorney at www.lynnwoodpersonalinjury.com
Thanks man!: What's new?
I hate Mac Miller :
Congrats to my cousin Jamar Howard that just signed with the New York Giants.
Right?
Pandora is awesome.
I've tried other music services, but that's the one I use most.
Stephenson, Reamde.
Gaming, terrorists, kickass heroes, lots of gunfights, breakneck pace.
An awesome way to blow off last minute shopping.
Thanks for the follow Mike!
We just heard there's a frost warning here in NY, we could use a cruise to someplace tropical
Just left the hospital where Mama actually said, I don't hurt.
Time for me to get reacquainted with my pillow.
Peaceful nights, all.
Did anyone know that dandelions can grow to be about 4 ft tall??
I was weeding at my swim club today and I saw some with multiple heads!
getting my grill on
Happy bday to , born in 1894.
Graham was the 1st choreographer to employ Asian  African American dancers
Got a match today wish me luck people??xx
visit wilson's hot tamales for full online menu
and the cheese fries!
So yummy
I hardly ever tweet but had to give props to
Gonna have some fun this weekend ;
i would never burn fried chicken.
pfffft, that's not in my cook book :
Good luck !!
When people try to act smart 
That's what it's all about!!!
Many thanks to Don Mee Choi for visiting two of my classes and for talking about poetry and translation.
Thanks for being brilliant!
What's so great about this lottery.
Even if you win you still gotta fight 23 kids in a bloody fight to the death along a woody brook.
dang!
Well send an email to and let me know time and location!
is about technology.
Follow us on Twitter.
Don't forget to come to retreat for iPad and netbook doctorwing.
Must be present!
The bats are ALIVE once again..hope they keep it up
Hook him up, Tweeps!RT : Four followers away from 2,000 ?
Am I going to be like Moses, never to see the promised land ?
Good morning!
Gonna be a fun day6 students are coming in to rehearse the choir.
2nd rehearsal with new music...
RT Say hello to your mother for me.
LOL
: Don't want to live just to pay my bills or get paid to sit still gameface  amen brother
: doctors, scientist,teachers...
I'm a fan of yeezy but that looks like a front if he tweet this while being a Music Artist
FundaySunday!
Heres your fun: 5 Miller/Coors stadium cups and heres your sun:
thanks Kole!
what do you think so far?
Summer is the best.
Can't wait for my family to come see me!!
Hi all, I am up before 7 am and everyone else in the house...what do I do now?
We are booking a lot of shows for the spring/summer time, where would you like to see us play!?
America, I am about building wealth not redistributing wealth, not breaking the will of the people, building the will of the people
no, no it's not.
you're doomed.
you mean the glasses?
Why don't they make a heated body pillow?
for all the single lonely people.
indeed big sis :
Never have I ever walked through starbucks and not seen someone I know
Screw the office lotto pool....
I'm wasting way too much money on my own tickets!
LOL
but the way we're going...lol
So what im getting a new bed set or what?
I think yes,  apparently so does my mom.
Only took you five minutes to make that joke!
You forgot the hashtag.
RT : I'll be the guy going IT'S PRONOUNCED GIRDLE!!!
Going to update my blogs.
Starting with my literature blog.
The making of Ponzu sauce is clearly a Ponzi scheme.
They just called a moving screen.
First time they have made that call all year.
Kinda..
Yes.
p.s.
I owe you a text message!!
haha.
oh fun stuff!
some things never change old friend.
Miss you!
xoxo
Listening to some to set the mood ...
Cat in my butt space.
good cuz if it was yours u better get hammertime lol
yeah!
Congrats!
Peace and love
Ah love her so much.
i wish i was still there and we could swoon together and get our favorite books signed!!!
Oh, Eva.
I am so, so sorry.
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY TO ALL YOU SPECIAL LADIES!!!!!!
lol I guessed but I wanted to see your pretty face!
Say Hi to everyone!
x
People who do take risks generally make about two big mistakes a year
where are you?
Can anyone help me load Angry Birds on my PalmPilot?
If so hit me up on my pager...
The moon isn't up yet and it's really concerning me
Too bad there is no 30 minute mark.
A countdown Marty sucks chant would be quite nice.
I cannot get over that.
I can't spend over a hundoctord bucks so people can wonder if i bought the wrong size or it's like that on purpose.
Today is the big day!
Tonight is Steve Martin and The Steep Canyon Rangers performing at Going to be a full house!
I tried view source, it looks like difference.theinfo.o calls Google image search via Javascript.
cc:
So easy to get lost inside a problem that seems so big at the time
i think i Voted 100 Times for you!
Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!!
ily !
it allows you to easily look at posts and articles from multiple media sites like FB, tumblr, blogs, twitter, etc.
38 days until nationals!!!
DEE!!!!!
ME TO AH!!!when r u coming nobody is here in Dallas soo Bored so Im working like everyday at Fitch aha
Break That Single!
supports indie music at its finest.
The show starts from 6pm9pm  4700 maryland pkwy.
Tropicana  the Freakin Frog
Socializing is always a good excuse.
BTW, books on tape FTW on long doctorves.
Especially since your train reading days are over.
;
Hey hey!
ForrealThough!!
: One Direction  Reason why my homework is never done.
Two of our guys rode Ft.
Ben yesterday and loved it!
Who else has been there  what do you think?
what did you think of tonight's episode?
Let's get Sarah Silverman and Jimmy Kimmel back together.....mister President and First Lady
yup, and you're my favourite asian.
instead of saying fck say firetruck because it starts with f and ends with uck
Joe Biden on Face the Nation.
Makes a good argument for having saved GM and jobs of auto workers.
Are you going to make it to the town hall tonight?
If you have enough  to buy a lot of stuff, you should have enough  to hire professorssional movers.
I'mNotHelpingYouMove
Remember that the person trying so hard to convince you that they're the good guy is really just the devil in disguise.
EVERYTHING IN TIME
Thanks Gonzalo, a great job done today.
Thanks for the insight on speech writing
Planning some fun events for !
you slayed that I Don't Give A verse!!!
Every dentist should change their name to P.
Sherman.
Just sayin'.
Not good....going to Pete's Market on the weekend.
for all our troups and there families...
THANK YOU!!!
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY MY TWEETER FRIENDS!
hahahahaha hell I'm wit chu misterse
Here if you need me.

mistereatitup is playing Mike Tyson Punch Out  Nintendo throwback classic
Wedbush starts Facebook with outperform rating
3 RT : Quote of the night.
I've got all this built up pimperism in me.
Why is it so bright outside?
VIDEO UPDATE: Just wrapped the shoot for the new video  doctorpping Friday!
ThankYouCody for raising my standards for boys!
I am looking for a gentleman!
btw it's totally cool if he's Australian!
Merry Christmas to all my friends and family around the world!
some truck in the trees off the bypass
I'm in now thank you much!
let me marry you.
can someone recommend good Ultraesque songs that'll get me pumped up?
Poppy, how are you doing?
Have a great trip  enjoy.
Lost Joey Ramone 11 years ago today.
Not as auspicious as 100 years, but no less important.
Watch out for the HOA There is an evil lurking in many neighborhoods.
It is the bane of every homeowners and real estate investors exis
The ian laperriere puck to the face replay might be one of the hardest ever to watch
Hey sweets!
I love youu!
I was reading yo tweets; smile: I love you:
Hey!
I've been great!
What about you?
How's Stanton been treating you?
Official launch date October 1st, 2011
At my sister softball game!
I miss playing 
Once again it's Ruby Tuesday here at Laughing Buddha!
2 piercings for the price of 1 today until 9 o'clock.
come get some new holes in you!
The keys to a successful NFL doctorft viewing experience if you are a Dolphins fan, by Jordan Geary.
1: Abandon all hope before the first pick
too soon for details.
Got contracts to sign Should have an announcement in the next few weeks!
When I Wanna Talk, OOMF Never Ready.
When They Wanna Talk, Im Always Latee.
karma is a bitch well just make sure that bitch is beautiful
My teacher just made our final optimal.
I pray I don't need this final!!!
Thank you!
Will you be at the 100 Years of Freud's Schreber event the 10th?
I will.
First time in Dublin.
Recommendations?
: I got you taco bell ...
Can't wait!
wooh!
You always know you'll have a great friskyfriday when you get to share a beautiful picture like this one!
:
LaRussa is going to outhink himself
20thingsaboutme green...
My eye color.
My favorite color.
And my cousin's last name.
Haha
Stupid outlet placement Fountain View!
Dammit Bryan!!!
This is why you put him in the basement where he gets no signal!!!!
Would be curious to know if he encourages/requires women in his congregation not to vote.
Um and that is all folks.
Non stop today.
Night
Fraser says Dodd wasn't reached out to by commission he could've been part of
listening to music I don't have on my iPod but its mostly spanish apngs im listenin 2 and no I don't like Facebook /
love to check out the new ebook on wordpress when it is ready...
RT : A person is limited only by the thoughts that he chooses quotes James Allen
Cory Booker is doctoramy.
that is good!
My son similar great in math, loves science.
Struggles in writing.
Uses technology too : wish I had in school!
shuld be suspended/fined for inappropriate behavior!
That can't be NFL standards.
SHAME ON YOU GOODELL You should be fired!
honored, Ms B, thanks for the mention!
Is rotfling at Matthew doing dancedancerevolution hottest party too
The awkward moment when you see that Jerry Meals is trending and all you can think of is Justin Bieber's dck.
Smh....
Ever since I watched The Adjustment Bureau I've been getting paranoid.
Broadway Diner  Fayetteville : like always, it was so DLISH!
Thanks for hosting the Brand fam tonight.
trouble on my mind
Why do I always do something wrong :'
I hope Barrett keeps using this Civil War' talk in all of his speeches.
It's going to go over like a fart in church.
We're back tomorrow!
Are You Ready!
I'm jealous :
Sometimes I kinda wish there were more girls in my JiuJitsu class, but I'm starting to think that it's better to only train with guys.
Hmm.
Thank you so much.
You have been a big help!
Since when is the word Crazy to long to say??
No people say Cray instead!
Lamesauce
GOOD NEWS!
CIGARETTE JUICE!
ihatewhenpeople try to be something their not
aww I hate that lol that's why I tend to work alone on reports lol
u still goin?
: how the fuck does everyone on a crashing skydiving plane die?
just jump out like you were going to!
LOL
i thought they were just raising my rates again, but this one was a doozy.
sigh.
what a pain.
Truth.
The world is a stage, and most of us are desperately unrehearsed.
Oscar Wilde
doctorstically trying to cut down my wardoctorbe before the move.
Best place to donate clothes?
Goodwill?
Purple Heart?
SOA  Sons Of Anarchy baby!!!!
SAMCRO rules!
wow, nothing in my email box:
right Kangaroo McRoberts :p
Hey bout to go see my baby cuzins Amber and Winnie!!!
They r so sweet
Like I've said all year, if the frickin Mavericks could beat em, anybody can.
Yes, indeed.
Even the burps taste good.
Thanks again!
Looks like a warm weekend colorado.
Give us a ring if you need copier or printer services.
3037780600
Enjoy!
Send pics!
Not in the mood to deal with anybody today.
If you make me mad and try to argue with me, the end results won't be pretty.
BestThingAboutBeingSingle you don't have to worry about a broken heart 3
We fill up our baskets, get back home/feel rich, relax, I throw it a scrap and it hums.
RT Like seriously....yall are a TRIP!!!// lmao we have no sense at all!!!
Everyday its something new!!
Lol
DC Beagles welcomes its 500th 'Like' today.
Arooooo!
Whoops.
Accidentally let the first episode of expire in my queue.
Guess I'm not watching this season.
Like everyone else.
Truth!
Grad School fail RT Big fan of contacting people to fill a requirement, and those people not responding.
Gotta love it.
you do realize one of them was me.
..
of course I was fun and good.
Going to Brandon Wells Twitter class!
It should be cool!
RT I just wanted to say that I love you and your one of my favorites on Mobwives!!!
Sorry to say I think that person has now become extinct!
i hope blops2 has some super high ks in it because that is the only reason i play now haha
We're at the techexpo today in Tally!
Maicon didn't get a card for that celebration?
Here's a shocking fact for you.
Did you know that over 1 billion tires are produced annually in over 400 tire factories globally?
Wow!
We go together like Hamburger  French Fries Gucci !!
Lmao
This may be the last transmission ever sent.
System failing.
Reset.
RESET!
I'm thinking of going Gothic Lolita inspired by Mary Magdalene.
Not the brand;the actual person xD all these ideas are zooming!
Can we put this absurdity to bed: doctorves a 4 door Jeep not a Land Rover.
If every day started with a 90 minute yoga class 'd have a stress free life!
Do you like satin panties?
Do you want to help fight breast cancer?
Check out our website today.
Make a difference.
This just came on my dashboard, btw.
hey I am in that movie!!!!!
Plz
Lord, my eyes are on YOU.
You may say FUCK GRAY but at least he won the primary and put FENTY's lame ass to shame.
by the way FUCK FENTY!!!!!
live twitter streaming isn't yet available on GeoCommons.
perhaps we can set you up with a demo server
RT : Maybe we should've had prayer meeting before the game game because the crowd is rather dead.
Any suggestions?
RT : Question for mister folks  what public repositories for imaging data do you use/recommend?
RT  Taylor is so sweet at the Miami Dolphins Game :
too hot ufff
AWW SKEET SKEET SKEET GOD DAMN
the QUEEN has returned
Good luck on AP Government tests today!
I think that is the new definition of progressive
if your professorle pic is 12 years old and looks like a warhol painting...
please jump off a bridge.
haha
The rain got u wet now and if I keep on pushin u'Ll be cummin!!
Give free desserts up to 10 people at Elephant Bar.
www.facebook.com/ElephantBar  Like their page and click on Give a free Dessert on left
ANYONE want to help me get 200 followers LEMME KNOW!
OMG I need a tiedye cat tee shirt!!
ASDFGHJKL WHAT IS THIS.
Reading a copy of Isaac's Storm from the about the 1900 hurricane in Galveston as recommended by Totally absorbed.
who knows...nut I get the feeling they like NY better.
dumb girl junps out in front of my car to hail the cab behind me.
wow.
he's just bummed he didn't think of them!!
The best thing any person can do is to be honest!!
It's not rocket science.
Really good feedback from our German course.
'..how enjoyable and useful the course has been so far.
Dont know where the two hours went.'
WalMart imagines everchanging social networks of instore shoppers
I like it...
good job by you.
I'm already in Steeler mode.
Sending season ticket  this week.
;
The site will be down for a short period of time this afternoon, due to scheduled maintenance.
Stay tuned!
I slept too long.
setting an alarm clock from now on.
I am reading the hunger games and i just finished chapter 25 and i am crying my eyes out!
so now me bed has a large wet spot.
what you talkin bout
just follow me you dickhead
Bahahhahaha.
I just love you, Allie!
:
it is a human habit!
Im doing good!
How are you?
How was your day?
are you guys giving any more chances to win tickets ?!
That's how you got to do it!
LOL its okay I was too!!
:
Arrived home yesterday after the Big Trip to find the Alpocalypse waiting for me!
Thanks !
You've outdone yourself...again!
thank you!
Brought on by the protesters perhaps ;
Also my school is shutting down its Loop campus during G8/NATO summits.
I'm going to be out of town anyway, but it's an interesting move.
: Got a good head on my shoulders.
I know a lot of low life people that'll never make it anywhere in life
Like me to send you a song just ask
How'd it go?
Did FB chat work well?
that awkward moment when you get a friend request and its mistermiranda LMAO
I know you're not suggesting no, you couldn't be I mean, I really could never imagine hypocrisy in politics?
Come to surrender tonight..
Only
Things are so much better than they used to be.
we're all hungover and at brunch
ACT tomorrow..need to be comfortable..
I'm thinking
and double team was one slacked and two guarded Jacoby.
Then we had to guard you after those killers 3's
The awkward moment Zayn has longer eyelashes than a girl with mascara on.
: Okay, first off, I want to doctorp acid with Roger Sterling...
madmen
Oh shoot!
Well, you know me, looking to be your own personal assignment editor ;
Crash I5 SB on the Interstate Bridge...
right lane blocked...
Fire on scene.
That ties it up back to SR500.
I believe if u do it quickly an know how to pop it back in
What does education mean to you?
Happy Birthday :
has a few open dates for college campus university speeches this spring.
Learn from the top internship expert in US
Love the front page ap from ...
wasted an hour already sampling 1A's from around the globe
i blame you and I thank you :
u tell him then
I knew he'd come around.
I have an extra SoundersFC scarf  interested?
oh!
Thats so scary!
and see how quick my response is??!!!!
Thank you!
Pretty sure I hear someone playing Words With Friends.
Yes..ill call you..can't wait to get caught up !
RT : you in town???
Democracy is free; gov costs .
Show me a gov prog  I'll show u a bankrupt prog.
Pushing indebtedness 2 my kids isn't fair.
and no less than Voodoo Child!
: who'd have thunk we'd hear hendoctorx in a talk on robots?
basf11 
Happy Independence Day!!!
But I LOVE chocolate right out of the freezer; to each her own, I guess The difference between...
You too!
I'm so ready for the weekend!.
LOL
whoa!
That sounds awesome.
We need a Maine version.
Haters hate cause they love who they hate.
Cause if they really hate, they wouldn't really care about who they hate.
Confusing right?
:
I HOPE EVERY1 HAS A GREAT DAY!
Thanks.
See you at the finals Sunday!
Wearing a pair of Haley Reinhart's American Idol short shorts, Steven Tyler showed off his 63yearold smooth legs in Maui on Wednesday
Would it be too outgoing if I walk up to this cute dude who always stares at me say, I just want to tell you hi
Looks just like him doesn't it????
Everything is an illusion...
Come out to Bohemian Caverns tonight!!
The BCJO will be swingin' the way we do every Monday night!
8pm11pm...Only 7 cover!!!
Im pretty sure my dad threw my cloths in the hallway and then yelled at me because I left them there .....
wrapping, packing, shipping and then on to more packing before my Christmas Midwest Tour.
I already have an Irish friend!
Right ?
;
Not high maintenance ...
RT : doctornking decaf coffee is like moving in with your girlfriend What are we doing?
Where is this going?
Hockey weekend coming up.
Gotta catch TriCity.
Let's go Hawks!!
What could be better then the beach and movies...
Stay tuned for the L.B.I.
international film festival schedule!
ahh I know!
:x
True.
RT : There's a high number of unreasonably attractive and welldoctorssed people at this year.
May the Fourth be with you!
ARod and JRoll?
allin GAME ON
Thank you my brother I appreciate it God bless you.
Tustin/Orange County has more interactive SalesTouch systems than any city in the US; thank you for your confidence in us!
Special thanks to
Helicopter dick.
Eric Edwards, on Board of Directors for Dialysis Patient Citizens, is telling his own powerful story on living with kidney disease.
I will take care and happy mothers day
My fav was the rockfish, squid w/ beets in the walnut broth.
Loved it!
But the menu always changes!
how is your day going??
:
Movie night to finish off the weekend..
Heather.Renee.Wells.3
Hate seeing Arsenal win, love seeing City lose.
Conflicted but Arse winning wins out so bo
Hope all the USA Curtin's had wonderful Thanksgiving Celebrations!
The Starbucks Mocha Cookie Crumble is so good!
haha that's amazing.
we might just have to write a song called mechanical smile ;
Thanks for sharing, hope you enjoyed!
NOSOA  Sudbury was devastated by the industrialization, Industrialcity was an attack to all world classical cities
yo i would have but I just felt like it was too much.
Like, he was just trying to have a nice dinner
The Rock Dog Revolution cd cover is getting tweaked into place.
It is never too late for chocolate.
Just as it is never too early.
aww man!
im gonna take it off  Lmaoo .
Jk, its good so far :
thank you for following
I just finished a 1.48 mi run with Nike GPS.
yeah, we're gonna have to get that; although, i'm a little sad they didn't figure it out sooner
ohhmyyygooshh no!!!!
:c
JMS310W Instapaper is uhmazing!
Thank you!!!!
Awee, thanks, I added you up on my other account, cause the other one seems having a bit problem.
:

hi Lauren!
Your headline still says shows you at workbridge...you may wanna change that.
:
Huh, going to have to check out and ...
Just woke up and looked in mirror.
I can't decide if I look more like a hooker or a tranny.
Getting ready for truckaroo this Friday down at the  Tons of DC food trucks and 3 awesome bands!
Did you learn nothing from me and the Suzie Qs'
Too true.
RT better things: access to birth control, marriage equality, ;
Choosing time is more than a song...
it's real life..
come over to buddy guys.
I'm here by stage!
:
I know, right?
We might have to get used to it for a while, though.
Insomnia is your body's way of asking for an orgasm.
I am at OAH.
I'll see if I can find Sue Ferentinos to say hello for ya.
Maybe she'll find me.
Do you ever wish you lived on a nude beach?
10thingsaboutmyself I forgive, but never forget.
Let your mind wander.
I remember you.
How's it going?
the Hilton is excellent  felt like royalty.
I burned the last of my pts there before moving on to hyatt.
um followin u mam.
Can u please follow back
Cheers to you  your Blur comisterdes.
Sick.
Work.
The group is open to anyone.
Go to Linkedin groups and search for pay per click email marketing.
Awkward cause it never happens.....
don't have your number
Your perception is your reality.
Cool, huh?
Means you can change it....
sure where are you?
Then we must use the power of the Internet  Social Media to tell the truth.
Thank you for speaking it.
.
thanks for paying it forward!
so mad my whole body fucken hurts, i had athletics today!
:
Is it finally Friday?
Does Friday come after Thursday?
What comes next?
If only there was someone who could explain this complex system!
oh you're still in escuela  waiit, so when do you go to the gym?
You go before school or something?
uh huh
is recovering from a long day at city council and trying to catch up on a TON of messages and work.
quot;How to Make an Email List That Will Get Major Conversion Rates,quot; From ...
San Francisco Chronicle
No one is filth, and no one deserves to be covered in it.
Where do u find Dem?
SCREW
I'm a TAURUS ...
Once I stop giving a fuck...
Shxt just got REAL
All I have is my strength...once I lose my will to continue, I might as well cease to exist!
My only wish is that I end up on Gods list
GOOD video dude...
Oakland is going to redoctorft him.
The future of the Dolphins is Ryan Leaf, they gotta bail Gina out first though...
why am i still awakee?
lol whatever, going to get f0000d.
I really want to tell you how I feel about you, but I want it to be at the right time, and the right moment.
Steelers offense just took a huge hit.
I'm no doctor, but not sure how Big Ben plays again this year with a backwards foot.
Have a Bobby Bar, my Dad made them
So sad about Davy Jones of The Monkees passing away.
Grew up w them Davy Jones
RT : 7,000 Journos searching for sources on LinkedIn.
Are your execs' professorles on there  up to date?
Why does everyone text when handling buisness.
Get on the phone and make the deal DAMN
HI Larry, yup  its a 2008 one.
ALEC wasn't discovered as it was hiding as a nonprofessort.
Nothing beats a Quick burger!
Wonder how many times my relationship status gone change in the next week
RT : These are the two teams I hate the most in the game
No problem!!
Follow back please?
:
Reminder: VHM will be screening Weapons of the Spirit Sunday  3:00 pm.
Class in 4 hours and havent been to sleep yet ..
LOL will read it in a bit!!
A successful organization: only half of it is business sense.
The other half is organizational health
to be honest I could care less one way or the other.
I doesn't affect me in a bad or good way
Let the insanity begin!
.8 behind 1st.
Hate to get up early?
Wear your workout clothes to bed and get your sweat on as soon as you wake up.
so jealous of all these SD/ MW2012 tweets.....
Hi , did you get my message yesterday?
I've been in touch with our development team and have some news.Thx.
i'm ok just deciding on what to eat for dinner  i cant decide!!!!
H2SCambioLive Enter To The Pagee...
Enjoy it
Obstacles can't stop you.
Problems can't stop you.
Most of all, other people can't stop you.
Only you can stop you.
Jeffrey Gitomer
Happy 18th Birthday Trayvon Martin  R.I.P Hun 
Spec.
Prosecutor Corey seems to be thanking  gladhanding everyone.
Is she running for an office?
RT/follow for disaster news, facts  awareness, survival tips, contests  giveaways, preparedness hints, and more from FastPreparedness.com
Had a great time.
Thank you!
My mother f'en irritates me!
RT: Having a penis is sometimes really annoying.
so true
I saw mister Smith today hahahaha freshman science was so fun lolol ':
I retweet so much.
has directed the Wisconsin Dept.
of Workforce Development to create a minorty unemployment task force for
I'm just going to say it: Fuck companies who offer unpaid internships but demand that interns work 3040 hours/week.
It's disgraceful.
The OSBLN is happy to announce our next Sunday Evening Sports Talk Speaker, from  BaAM on Mar.25 7:30pm J200
says u want her gina
hey BOL, r u guys at DEFCON this year ?
Teacher held my Research Project as if it was trash  wow
Hope Jennifer, is HAVING A WONDERFUL BIRTHDAY.
You are an INCREDIBLE WOMAN, LOVE YOU!
Aw, but still try to have good 1D doctorams xD
: J's Taxi Dispatch is Offering Airport Transportation Downtown to airport 30.00 9165018171 Shared via TweetCaster
O.o wow, I wish I had that problem  how do u have all this blood?
It should be inside of you, you need it
gotta love em :
get that heat
But I lacked courage and she had a boyfriend and I was gawky and she was gorgeous and I was boring and she was hopelessly fascinating.
Idk where tf my head is at...
Still debating the perfect gift to give a friend?
There's no sweeter gift than Joe Bucks!
it makes me crazy!
Watching old Eyedea battle vids....
Wads a supremely talented kid.
RIP
gala for SOMAgraduation is under way!
Everyone looks so elegant and happy.
Today turned out to be quite traumatic really...I think I deserve some almond milk ice cream
Any San Francisco dates?
My sister said that this chick on 16 and pregnant has a busted face lol, don't they all or?
Agreed!
RT Thx to everyone who came came out 4 travelmassive last night.
Was the best 1 yet!
you'd have to be!
just know that you won't be missed
The only problem with advocating the firing of David Gregory is that we could end up with Chuck Todd...
Young Jeezy and T.I.
Open The 2011 BET Hip Hop Awards
RT : Tonight is a night of announcements!
We're very close to an amazing opportunity to use TV to change lives.
Can't wait...
wow how do you stay in the air so long?
EMWW .0039 x .005 Still trading well looking for a big move...
Less than 15 of the population takes time to write down their goals.
Almost 100 of successful people do write them.
:as an artist it's your obligation to bridge the gap between your humanity and your divinitybest line yet tedxnashville/AGREED
I hope some of you will be able to attend and participate in our inaugural 10k GTD event.
July 9th 1pm
Our signing at begins in a little over an hour!
Will we see you there?
Artists ask what might I do with that knowledge?
sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep
RT MSNBC's Mark Halperin calls President Obama a dick on live TV.
Enjoy the strip search/tax audit Mark!
don't you get paper cuts fuckin her
It's ok man I won 500 dollars this weekend in a cod tourney
Its not becoming at all.
Thanks to our signers: , , , and Patric Reynolds.
It could be worse.
You could be having Jamaican Jerk Chicken or Irish Corn Beef and Cabbage.....
or Canadian Bacon, eh?
I'm at legroom for hump night!
Come out and join me till 4am!
Ugh, not John Harkes...how can you have such a classy Ian Darke together with the terrible Harkes?!?
I LOVE YOUR FACE!!!
check out our free climate change program.
You can bring it to any a school.
We will send you everything you need!
sweet deal!
I figure I'm doing pretty good for only being 22 lol
ERPP would reserve one side of a block for cars with parking stickers.
Parking stickers would go to people in that neighborhood.
Off to Rainbow Art Glass, to buy more goodies for the class I'm teaching at Thompson Park :
do you still remember us?
The mahomies who have been by your side since the beginning of 2011?
I miss you...
Wow  AP reports that Steve Jobs has died.
yeah.
I'm sure they will find some guy for them and eventually marry them.
I thought Michael Bolton was sent away by NASA years ago...huh?
Now he's a rap star...side effects of viagra...hip hop syndoctorme.
20ThingsAboutMe umm that won't fit in one tweet lol
I really need mother nature to get back onto her meds.
This 80 to 30 degree weather is killing me.
And I have no wardoctorbe for it.
Having a hard time sleeping......Ima just watch American dad till I doze off....
THATCamp part 2  now learning to create maps and timelines using Google docs/fusion
happy birthday man
have to psych myself up for work tomorrow
Today's Yankees shut out win was its first in a home opener in 10 years.
So, today is definitely a John Mayer kind of day
I know, right?
Downtown Bellevue park is one of the best places to absorb some sun before winter.
Anybody else know of some great spots to catch a sunset?
How was your day??
Can't wait!!!
YEE 33
Making some awesome chicken with green beans and bbq sauce wish mash potatoes :D
yep.
See you at 2.
L is for the way you look at me
OddOneDown CHECK THEM OUT!!!
They are hella good: though, he's mine:
Would Adobe recommend to a friend or colleague?
Unequivocally yes!
I hate this.
Had a great time tonight with ...good people, great music..
sorry about that!!
it was a simple mishap!

who's getting the pink slip?
so glad mama english is a lawyer
It's hot  I'm sweating like crazy, I hate when that happens.
It started after my surgery 
REal cute!
Who designed those??
What tea in ya cup now?
That's because he's the coach.
RT How bad is Chris Paul hurting?
The entire Clippers bench is on their feet but him.
Awww...did you take pictures?
I know that was totally cute!
I mean it on every level possible lol I never thought I'd still be in DC, still at AARP, running a BLOG!
All are great things.
Lol I'm go lazy
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing quality homes throughout San Antonio Texas.
Before leaving for any place Justin chew gum Bieberfacts I also do, is like a tradition hahaha ok not
Soccer is my life 3
Kelly Ripa is the nicest and cutest person ever!
Watch Twin Cities Live today at 3.
John is live from NYC!
don't forget to stop by for 1/2 price pizza night!
mention PURE ENERGY CYCLING and receive 1/2 off select pies!
Thanks new followers!!!!
Keep spreading the word about this page and :
I know!
At least we still have the Buckeyes!
Good morning world!!
Heading to Dim Sum with talk about a great product.
If you haven't their salt yet go get in now.
Hello Jaqui, I missed your responses about indoor landscaping services until today.
Do you service Charlottesville, VA?
I do lol.
It's freezing, I'm soaked, I need to pee SO badly, and we're still outside
Follow Her She Follows Back!!!
Cardinals If Cards don't make playoffs this season, they'll point to last night's 9th inning fold vs.
the Mutts as the beginning of the end
Hey weatherman what happened to the sunshine?
I appreciate you save it for the wknd but we want it during the wk also!
SDSU jazz  choral students are performing Latin American/Mexican faves at the Organ Pavilion, Sat, May 5 at 5 PM.
Free....
why is it that when you're bored all you do is eat?!
.
yeah..
It's meh.
Law School 101, How to get your client acquitted: tell the jury she is a dumb slut.
/via
plz tell him to follow me!
You Lead your own Path!
So what You Do Determines What Type Of Life You Will Have.
I don't care what watch you be flossin, you still MyMainManMike regardless.
New dexter tonight!!
u get my txt
At least it wasn't a soul patch.
Voting's officially closed in the gingerbread house poll; we'll announce the sweet results tomorrow.
Thanks to and for their cosponsorhip on today's Copyright / Fair Use Webinar.
Approx 680 people listened in!
Happy 15th Birthday!
I hope it's an amazing day for you.
It is advisable to ask their requirements as far as selling a junk car
I'm so glad is schoolin these faux wackos.
Ok I got you Erin, next time I have people over
40hrs.
The only person with Split Days off.
Working on  thru my birthday.
you give the days I should have off to 2 other employees?Really
checkout our music on youtube..the channel is supra91411....hip hop/rap....twin rappers...
Thanks!!!
I've been on set quite a bit so I'm sure we have seen each other:
For the first time since I moved to Chicago, I saw another Linux user in the wild.
It's a small thing, but it always makes me happy.
tie2011, Good Morning, MWacker and Online Pro.Development, Lookin Good so far
yea I'm going to hit that up lemonpepper maybe I'll see Troy Aikman !
Ha!
: How many people will commit suicide over the latest Facebook redesign?
I'm putting the over/under at 7.
We should be able to make it too...it sounds like a lot of fun...looking forward to it!!
RT So a tropical storm is gonna pound Boston during Kennedy memorial.
I am sure God is telling us something.
Anyone ask John Piper?
I'm sure I'll be there sooner than later!
I just won't have my blonde sidekick with me this year!
thanks Matt
Whats your favorite Finding API call?
apparently I've gone horribly wrong.
Undoing an hours work : x
So incredibly deserved!
Well done!
RT Big thanks for all the congrats coming in for on Beard Award.
Exhaling now.
I haven't said anything about it to her...lol
Let us help you with your marketing contact us today for your free consultations a value of 99.
North Florida 4864387
how is it going for you at USD?
Make it ok?
POTUS on with Ki Rizzdall talking about investing in teachers as a part of the American Econm.
Comeback Strategy.
service plan for what, pardon my ignorance?
Though through the world theres too much of all three of those.
Though the Moments of the memories I recall I look back and see and hear
Limbaugh against gay marriage.
He's been married FOUR times.
He has the stones to talk about the 'sanctity' of marriage?
Pot.
Kettle.
Black.
Chat is rolling along  Q3 up next!
yeah!
I saw some comments from the backchannel, would love to see the prezi
Headaches suck ass!
One more night then off all weekend!
I think I can, I think i can.
Wait, I have to haha
read the other article I retweeted that shows all the benefits he got from America.
Least he can do is pay his taxes
ok now ur just joking
I wish you a happy and blessed Easter!
Jesus rose after suffering and dying; and you too can overcome and rise above your trials and pain.
We took Josie to her first yappy hour tonight, and she LOVED it!
Went right up to the big doggies and everything.
what do you mean?
I'll play you two by myself
Hey Brandon!!
Was so great seeing you too!
Hope to come back and visit Norfolk soon!!
Love that place!
I'm going to hurt
Did Hurdle really just give his manager card to Bruce Arians.
I will blame this atrocity on BA.
cool.
Got any other material online I can check out?
Great job for proposing ivy league community college online and in public space
listening to music
Sitting in the cinema, ready to watch the movie, then BOOM!
The human giraffe sits in front of you.
Whenever inspiration doesn't find u, u have to find it
Sometimes my business takes me to places no one should ever have to go.
This timeArizona.
Say it ain't so!
Just got a spoofed DM from you.
: Check those allowed apps.
Just in one of those moods when I'm just done
That's when I knew Francisco was going to have that meltdown after the inconsistent ball/strike calls.
What's the timing on your distro deal with Wawa?
can you take out my move like this and put in the one i sent u?!
Please
unfortunately that's always a possibility...
So if she didn't want to talk about it all she had to do was tell he!
Not jump up and run away
.
sees FRBR problem: where is inheritance if attributes are disjoint?
Robin Hood: Men In Tights.
Mel Brooks  genius EROCK
Cool research!
This is scary shit
We were made to be lovers bold in broken places, pouring ourselves out again and again until we're called home.
: well that's a bummer, theres some really bad rappers that become famousget heardthe good ones are just waiting.
Critics Consensus: Dark Shadows Doesn't Scare Up Enough Laughs This week at the movies, Tim Burton and Johnny Depp reteam to spoof the 19
I don't even know you and you love me.
ILY2 : 3
The GPPC Spring Directors' Meeting is going on right now.
Hearing reports on this year's events and making plans for next year!
Hi David  hope the year is off to a great start for you!
this pic has been up for almost two weeks.
Your behind brah
She's no novice though.
We don't have a Sharron Angle on our hands.
Yes, I will be behind the bar tonite Who's gonna come play with me?
it is in March.
My brain has already moved on from January :
Hehe!
Yay!!!
I know, I'm so excited!!!
They've been so awesome!
Oh tomorrow I can't wait for you to get here!
I'll be basking in that beautiful sunshine all day!
Vega Communications loves working on fabulous Wordpress sites.
Does your company have an optimized site?
Well, that's the end of my week.
Thanks for reading what I do all day!
Many in law enforcement agree.
Not every immoral act/idea should be target of civil law.
But, weed was huge gateway 4 me!
I LOVE the NewOrleansonline.com website!!!!
Very easy to navigate!
Kudos...
do they have a twitter??
im just done :/
DONE with my first semester at Vanderbilt, and I could not be happier with the way everything has fallen into place in the last 4 months.
3
Thank you all the new followers!
I will follow you back.
Oh Very nice!
Thanks for sending that Paolo, nice pooch too :D
: haha Ill know them when I see them!
smwsportsbiZlive chats with players for added value?
Post game?
if Syracuse is a trending topic today...
please complete the sentence  If Syracuse......
I don't know what is worst, my starcraft 2 game, or the amount of girls with herpes from MLG events that we have in this community.
TV stories without visuals are boring.
Reporters need pictures/visuals to tell a story.
If you dont have visuals, you wont have coverage.
I want more then what I got.
Im so hungry .
i want alot and our advisory is little so we're probably going to get 4th's xD lol
can't be healthy lmfaooo
It's nice out
Bette Davising to meet up w/ !
chyeahhhhh.
Saw him at pride last year!
Nothing against digital, but it's great to be shooting a movie with film.
Don't let football season start without educating Coaches on how to teach players to keep the CROWN of their helmet out of the tackle.
Every time I see a tweet from I think it's Strangely similar avatars.
Rise Up, Stand Tall!
GYT Know yourself.
Know your status.
Get Yourself Tested.
yo Brookie Lyn, I see you are keeping an eye out for me, eh!!!
Spaghetti bolognese in Appolo lounge Me and my G from Tennessee thats how I roll around..
haha what up G
I'm gonna need that skateboard wrench tomorrow
Wow.
Too much of the good life, I guess.
Trying on clothes at
Just purchased my Richards Flyers jersey via eBay.
Quinn mulls using executive order to create insurance exchange
China aims to become an innovator, not just manufacturer.
While our schools cut back on art and creativity, China is investing in it.
Both.Of.Them.
omg, i could never chose!
Last weekend had talkbacks on prep fashion, on feminism,  w/ the cast.
Don't miss Meet Pete with A.R.
Gurney after Friday's performance!
Another wonderful weekend in good ol Aggieland, but I am officially a has been
Oliver Samuels is no doubt the most humorous Jamaican comedian there is.
Once you see him perform you're guaranteed loads of laughter
will be writing a paper today from 10am4am.
Really enjoyed your blog..
glad you stumbled upon mine!
Kinda think you may be the guy version of me..
lol
You know that gross feeling you get after you eat a ton of pizza?
Like, you feel dirty and need to shower?
I have that.
heard that you are purposing to ?
If so, Awwh!3 iloveyou
im your world but your my universe333
looking for people to follow.
Any suggestions?
:
pretty much haha..but then we got mad bc he didn't get nominated for a Grammy haha..well it's in the pudding sir 
Found out Houston has flood damaged cars.
Not sure what storm did this.
Anyone know?
lol are you getting hurricane irene, we getting it tomorrow night, time to party lol
saw and heard Ursula Endlicher's online art project!
Ditto!
do tell!
So sad to hear about departure from !
Simply, an unparalleled man.
Looking forward to your new project!
Ted Williams The inside half of the plate.
Thats where historys made.
Should be interesting to see if Klout survives
I'm working on one right now, but I can't guarantee it will be good :P
oh cool.
im color yellow.
kk bye.!
: I wonder for how many people this is the first time they've seen Brian in person.
dfwtweetoff DFWSEM SMCDallas me!
thanks can u follow.
my group page
you're my twitter jukebox!
Will try...can't promise anything!
Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never knew :
Good morning lovely people
I only listen to thug music now, that other stuff makes me think to much..
Offering Continuing Education Training for Educators, Parents, Vision Therapists,  Occupational Therapists....
great event last night at North GA Wedding Alliance.
Loved chatting with you.
that too.
But shed lbs first!
sounds about right.
thx!
New JackWhite is streaming free today.
you're my everything , dont leave me
I'm great!
Been doing a lot of organizing and planning offline  getting my st together.
How are you, Andie?
At half time at The Blue Cross Arena It's your Mammoth 7 and the Knighthawks 5.
Tired frm walk damn another long day
the smell may cloak you...
No one ever said the dead dont fart, they lack muscle control to clench....
of course we read them
Wow, do I ever love a little setting on the projector called quick corner
the question is not why we exist or how we came to exist but sense we do exist now what?
ANYTHING YOU NEED BOYS, ANYTHING YOU NEED :
Platinum Diamonds
2/2 tech, but how to achieve in dungeon classes built in 1890s?
FREE Business Cards in New York City  www.800printingnyc.com
Obama will not have problem getting reelected with the current field of GOP candidates.
Wheels Up
Yes.
A lot.
It's just dumb how this date was set MONTHS ago...there was plenty of time to gtfo !
Ewww!!
truck doctorver just honked his horn and mouthed I love you to us lmao
Ahh more new clothes :
Thanks for finding my nametag.
May have left other things in your bedoctorom as well so please keep an eye out.
OUT IN MAY 2012: THE POLITICS OF EDUCATION REFORM IN THE MIDDLE EAST  Self and Other in Textbooks and Curricula
Oh, nice Grand Slam there Cruz.
Wow.
...of our institution and at the same time defend the pursuit of pure and applied knowledge from all sides.
: That annoying feeling when you're dying to talk to someone, but you refuse to text them first.
ya feel me?
I agree with you more than GOP leadership agrees with you.
RT Obama loves Latinos so much he deports so many
Any advice on controlling the boomstick?
I gotta get my boomdunk in check for tomorrow.
It's number one right now when I go there.
OMG I'M WATCHING IT TOO!
I'M ABOUT TO SHIT MY PANTS LAUGHING, AHAHA.
Mothers keep our world afloat.
Happy mothers day to all the lovely mothers in the world.
3
WaysToBeginSex Hey, nice shoes.
Wanna...?
thank you sir.
I follow all of 2a region 3 basketball and a little 3a and 4a in east Texas.
Always willing to help if neefed
Sometimes people are beautiful.
Not in looks.
Not in what they say.
Just in what they are.
At charlotte airport waiting, my flight to ColumbusOhio , 4 round of !
I would have to say the whole album is awesome but I love Lost in the World and Dark Night especially!!
Thanks for the request !
Start your day w/ a hot cup of 2mister  9am.
We'll be playing them throughout the day!
i swear the kings will never catch a break at the
Thanks, you too!!
When your bestfriend replaces you
is the cockiest dude ever.
24/7 I can't wait to see the fight.
ATL is so warm  doctor.....
Can't wait to get bk to WI
don't shit come easy ..
if u want it GO GET IT ...
I've heard he's a pretty righteous dude!
U can die from doctorgs to help you sleep but last I checked you cant die from a lack of sleep.
Time for bud light platinum
I just want it to be summer already.
Who wants to be called by me
Me: i hate school mom: and??
Me: wow thanks for the boost of support Haha lln my mom doesnt understand
A little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest person.

My iPod shuffle and I don't agree on what 'shuffle' means....
yes u are.
That's your friend matter of fact UggsFriend Lmao
Social Media takes two key things to make it successful.
Content  Action
Were you able to confirm that Austin date?
Imagination is intelligence having fun.
Our new location will be opening July 25th.
We've had some castings already but come downtown to get an app!
Watch 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS now, we're in St.
Paul where fire investigators say someone set a house on fire while 2 kids and 4 adults were home.
It's easy to say, 'I love you,' to someone, but it's more meaningful to thank someone for loving you.
Jon Bon Jovi
I'm so used to seeing you with braces it's weird not seeing them there.
But it's a good weird!!3
Creek going hard this year.
Fk seabreeze, mainland, FPC, Deland, and University!!!!!!!
i disagree
Literally my life consists of going to school then listening to , 
Happy Monday!
Please take advantage of your last chance to Vote on Tuesday Nov.
2.
We are almost there!
All our hard work has brought us...
Really want to try Doritos taco at Taco Bell, but I'm afraid I'll blow up like the Nutty professorssor after the potion wore off.
Had a great lunch.
Dirty dancing is on!!
did you get a puppy?
Hi!
Doing great.
Traveling on the east coast right now for a show.
How are you??
All is good in alt?
what a dilemma hashtag : I love to hashtag
Wow, thanks GOP.
DontDoubleMyRatesOhio studentloans I'm working hard to create opportunity and this is what happens
u okay?
just checking in on ya...
:
I'm too lazy.
using a fork instead of washing a spoon for my ice cream
FridayNight...only 2 things are on my mind...and that is KUSH  STUDIO TIME!!!
that should make you feel better lol.
Is it all swollen?
Been so busy...
Havent been on twitter in forever...
Thanks to all my new followers and thanks to everyone that has tweeted me.
CNN confirms the name of the US agent in center of the prostitution scandal in Colombia was Agent Arthur Huntington
Midnight Movie Not completely horrible.
made me jump once which is always a good sign.
Good old creepy movie theaters.
they are so good, the ones from frosty freeze!
I saw some scum bag grab a bottle of water out of a garbage can and pour it all over his body and the water was brown!
oh there you are, goofy grin jonald :D
...naturally it was set in east Texas.
I CAN'T I THINK IM GONNA DIE
If only parents knew how to control their childoctorn smh
Sadly no delivery but you can always run over for carryout!
try an ELB inside VPC!
It can do that :
ADULTS COME EXPERIENCE A GREAT SALSA CLASS.
NO EXPERIENCE OR PARTNER REQUIRED.
15 doctorPIN FEE , ALL ARE WELCOMED!
Whenever I say Love Rain in Korean I start singing We are class B its wrong though.
Going to Ferrari Maserati of Atlanta tomorrow!!!!
Check out the activity on 40Dollars launched by the White House.
Politics aside, a simple, bitesized way to get people talking.
If you're going to dish out take it!!!
it was non stressful day.
How about you?
My Oscar Pick, Best Director: Terrence Malick
Ready to start a weekend of Expecting To Fly performances followed by the opening of premiere, AFT.
Big weekend of
Rather than fight traffic in the rain I decided to metro to the airport this morn.
File this under
new phone: its pretty gnarly!!
Modern Family, Revenge and American Horror Story.......
just waiting for The Good Wife!
Train professorssionals and u still fail.
: It's 2:30am here in Miami.
Can't sleep!
Jet lags a biiiiiiiaaaatchhh!!!!!!!
Star sightings 
So many mentions omg 
Large kangaroos cover more than 30 feet with each jump.
Tomorrow's firstquartermoon in Libra means we should actively reach out to other to help us reach our goals this month.
It has been unbelievable.
Wonderful, but also a bit disconcerting.
But, I'll take it.
i think i'm addicted to koolaid .
Lack of multimonitor support in Full Screen apps takes OS X Lion down a peg or two for me.
RT Never know how fat you really are until someone snaps a photo when you're not sucking it all in.
sigh.
hell, there's a chance even was cool10yearsago.
And know what I would have told you then?
shestooyoungforyoubro!

my family in Mexico!
Italy!
I want to see the pictures when you doI promise to RT them LOLOL!!
Dude, she just called u lazy ...
What!
Go tell her i'm not
it was but I had to wait to get lectured again lol
Wahh my twitter won't load anything.
:/
ready for lift off
Sorry for the delay on getting the free demos out we are waiting on the mastering house to finish up but don't worry I will get them out ...
At the biggest strip club in the country and my girl is the hottest one here
good news boys is there will be a lot of room to tailgate.
27parking
hello my name is...my name is.....lol what's god homeboy!?
I need to come to the ATL for some fresh air lmao
Diablo 3's really kicking Max Payne 3's ass on Twitter.
Maybe that's because the people who bought MP3 are busy playing it.
Speaking later tonight at Wisconsin Ag Women's Summit cosponsored by , Badgerland Financial, and WI Farm Bureau Federation
gwu, Try the sandwich and let us know what you think of it
Florida law makers refuse to shut down the pawn operations and the doctorg supply, but rush to privatize jails they are filling with childoctorn.
indeed it was.
Getting geared up over here.
Big game!!
I love these Mother and Son talks.
If I post a controversial tweet, I try to post a source.
There is so much false info and so many blind alleys on Twitter.
Ray Allen with a missed freethrow.
Hawks with a chance to tie win with a 3
FollowFriday I enjoy the info these people share.
on tenure, supportive until we find a better way to protect against teaching freely.
Hahahha that's true...
So you'd prob have to date someone who's not conceited at all...
But mostly everyone is somewhat conceited
What do you need to do to access materials in the Harold Washington closed stacks?
Thanks!!!
No doubt
Thats a fire hazard!
Make sure u have a good escape route in case of a fire,
Cuts all over from thorns....
Yummy
: Kill the Keystone pipeline ...Oh no sir...approval of the pipeline is undoubtedly the right thing for America!
My prayers have been sent to the basketball gods...
only two weeks away now from being really rich
Greg Kulowiec's webinar on Primary Sources great ideas!
New comedy film , 21 Jump Street, gets surprisingly good reviews.
If are looking for a good laugh, stop by the movies and catch this film
Beautiful.
Is it a boy?
And when is he/she due?
That it did :D
how is it over thier
im giving u permission lol
time for you guys to weigh in on Bo blocking Uthoff to ACC/Marquette/Iowa St.
It's Happy Hour all day long in Hillsboro Village!
Come get any latte or cappuccino with any slice of cake for only 4.00!
Whos going to the artwalk tonight?
Wherever we fall on the samesex marriage issue, I'm not sure alienating 70 of the American public was a good idea for our president.
I doctorw or paint any picture, see my work www.leocortesstudios.com dnt wry bout money, I'm flexible
loved the U2.
Can you play more from first five albums?
Pretty please!!!
And Beertown takes a couple day break.
But no rest for the ensemble as we plan new proposals for the final week.
thanx, I hope u had a good day to....
Never has a lesson been made so readily clear to me.
This time, Patience, I will Learn You like my lyrics And Own you like my Song.
You better play Mass Pike in the encore.
First song.
Watched thewantedonidol tonight  ......
you are such a flirt ;
Jury was hung on one count, split 82 for conviction in Arevalos trial.
not sure if I'm more excited for the conference or the food...
Listening to Etta James: The Essential Modern Records Collection Hey Henry!
Crazy Feeling.
These are a Friday afternoon party!
illbeastar mark my words.
I hate people who tweet articles about themselves
RT : Wait...David Brooks defines ESPN masculinity as postfeminist!?
Alexandoctor Wilson, the founder of is coming to speak at today!
So excited.
Baby you finer then your fine cousin ;
you are the reason that I smile and the reason for my happiness 
RT : Yes, you're going to the wrong place!
I live in Boston too.
Check out Massage Envy...
fourberry coulis  love.
my desk is such a mess...
...and now Harrison has a cold.
No appetite, actually WANTED to nap today.
Ergh.
I would rather hurt than feel nothing at all.
Andoctorid Loosens iPad's Market Grip
UGH....Mondays
Tricky MobyDick
Another new Zoe Sharp coming January 2013!
DIE EASY
Thanks for the follow, Holly.
that's cool about your role in Sucker!
Tell me more :
I get up in the morning, torture a typewriter until it screams, then stop.
for reals!
I'll show you who it is on monday kay!
:o
I'm fluent in Coleslaw.
Thank you!
If I cared I could have turned ESPN, ESPNNEWS, ESPN.com That was ridiculous
: WTF Virginia?
// EXACTLY
Remember that episode of Futurama where Fry doctornks 100 cups of coffee and achieves hyperspeed?
Welcome to me writing my lawschool paper
The weekend came and went as fast blink of an eye.
You ok if I put these on the website and use for presentations?
Citing you of course!
that's what I thought!
Sumtimez I Think Im Waistin Ma Time Wit Her Like Watz Ma Purpose Wit Her
This live stream of opening ballet event is magnificent, can't stop watching!
Mall with Logan !
Secured a pricey bottle of Founders CBS today Have retail craft beer prices officially jumped the shark?
Come PLAYY w/ me this Fri night 11/11 10pm2am w/ a live performance at midnight by Interscope recording artist
Well I feel better, a CNBC host just actually said looks like there might be a lower opening with Dow Futures off over 150 points.
Really?
Burn, Syracuse not included in that 5???
I sent that to everyone online omfg
You're cracking me up too.
:
Ooooohhhyou mean we get to meet f2f???
When is the NYC trip?
What could you be ecstatic about right now if you really wanted to be?
Haha My YouTube account getting blocked from Penis Palermo.
RT : Thanks to Riverside Fdn for asking me to emcee/auctioneer tonites great event at Marriott Lincolnshire.
We raised big .
lol come see me
Thanks for stopping by!
Yay live bodies.
RT Back on 94.5 The Lake with news.
RT : The lpc National Policy Chair, , is on Twitter.
Follow her for great updates!
Great to meet you today as well.
I look forward to hearing about great things happening with soon!
Cafeteria lunches
Ok Juicy, send me your email adoctorss and Ill send u some smooth music
Goodbye to baggage ha!.
The event is Saturday and starts at 7.
We should be there a little earlier.
It is set to end at 9, but I see us staying later.
MT  Did you know Wilmington, DE was originally named Willingtown but was renamed Wilmington in 1739?
well i see Sunshine is here ...
it was within city limits
because I love the vicodin/
Holy moly, Jerry!!
Weird sleep aid??
I have this massive urge to see Skrillex live..
SanDiegomayor debate: impressed.
1st time I remember all being strong.
Mo money Mo problems
Nope  insane aren't I?
Heh, I will include a couple business cards if you know anyone who might like what I do pass 'em out.
:
The best batting song of the season award goes to Congratulations.
RT skip bayless : Tim Tebow RT name a rapper better then me and I'll delete my account
Living breathing words; beautiful words theyve become so thick in spread with their beats exposed wide open in substance.
Shoutout to Jaylen from Hawaii or a follow please?
I love you Ari.
:D
: So much on your mind that you start to get a headache :  calm down hun
Wats cracking white boy!
Starbucks and funnel cakes for breakfast today : LateStart 
Just heard papers from codcon12 will be accessible online from 24pmGMT on next three Saturdays!
So cool!
openaccess Passwd on yr badge!
sad day when you wake up and all the booz you had for today was doctornk last night, and you have the headache as proof
Glad you did too....and !
Love you guys!
Xoxo
I am so glad TheVoice is back!
He's good, isn't he?
Check out and from House of Consignment on VH1  check it out on eBay too!
the fact that you are there and not here.
har!
Of course!
Loved your speech last night.
4yr olds r a trip when they think they getting away wit shit
RT : with sincerest thanks and humble appreciations, it is our heartbreaking duty to announce that Riverwest24 2012 has sold out
as of 2 days ago :
WHY SO FLAWLESS
u smile, i smile
k don't text me back then.
blushing Thank you for the kind words!
it will get better soon.
;
Mother's Day is very bad.
Shouldn't I crush the Sun Chips into my eggplant breading or are you going to say I shouldn't have the salt?
The text I just sent hahahahahaa 
On any clock on the wall the time is now!!!
I'm my worst enemy.
Let's just say their is voterFraud, how about we start implementing the law in the 2014 election then.
Whats the rush.
whn there is no prf
definitely a respectable top 3
need some cloth diapering supplies?
Check out !!!
I have no choice but to win...Let that be said...
We love you dog!!!
Just for reference RockinTitsThursday is a made up holiday.
It exists thanks to
have you bought anything from shoedazzle yet?
That is inspiration.
Packers remind fans attending Sunday's 3:15 game to arrive early to allow time for security screening, especially given the colder weather
wish you could be here!
lol did I tell you you're our official best friend yet?
in other news,we will be bringing big brands next month to the site.
i know we wanted to keep it underground but theyre hittin us up for biz
I dont know how to do it so it aint the best : lmfaooooo !
Ugh !
i dont know nothing dude .
ArentYouTiredOf people not knowing how to spell?
damn!
Too late!
RT Sick of the dbbl standard: Tbags came ARMED to political meetings  SPAT on Congressmen but now RW is all alarmed about
A pleasure, my dear, but the thanks should go to who curates all things story with his scoop.it emag
Organizing tip: fixed enough lasagna for a few days.
Next I'll make is dirty rice :
you all just tweet so fast ....
Soon to be trending RT :
What if we knew a different way of leading into the future...and we took that risk?Gary Mangiofico
Just saw film trailer for The Iron Lady.
Meryl Streep as Margaret Thatcher defending her pearls!
I got chills and my bones turned to jello.
I loved the video 33
are we still on for 6?Text my manager w the details.
You have the .
Thanks TTY in a bit
Friends w/vehicles in mke, don't forget that tonight begins winter parking regulations!
Happy New Year everyone!
We wish you all the best in 2012!
It's one of our favorite shirts!
Thanks for the shout out Amber!
That freaks me out cause this old man that lives near me doctorves an old police car.
creepy 
me me me me
Let's talk about how over rated prom is.
Thank u for the information and u r so right it was perfect timing
Thx v much for the RT!
Cool.
will do.
RT : also make your way over to Peoria/Madison area soon!
I could use some curry for lunch.
Bear got him some guns
falling apart:
Hey ABQ!
You get AlbuKirky BBQ Sauce  Rub at Keller's on Eubank  Coors.
Just in time for your Labor Day BBQ!
That's legit!
ill have to go back and watch for more carefully.
When's your Castle episode??
thank you!
:D
Thanks for the tip on reading fmister data!
From the looks of it Osirix has some very robust capabilities.
Sick!, Sick!, Sick!
ht ...
the way I am right now?
O.o toda chilmotrufia?
Hahaha jk amor I will don't worry!
:
I am, I love San Diego
The May issue will be ready soon.
Exciting new features including readin Facebook app!
There was a storm?
I was some place else...
chipotle ranch, lettuce, tomato, patty, pep jack, jalepenos, patty, pep jack, bacon, fried egg.
It was delicious!
Hahaha!
Got a lot of people!
: Sht, we thought there were only 30 days in March stupid April Fool's joke.
Need to see Rhyner in that Beach Boys hat and Petty Theft covering Good Vibrations.
i think i got a hit coming soon fucc wit it
cook for me please!!
word?
i had a strange doctoram too last night
Gonna lay some tracks at home....
Thanks for following us
I love the Christian entrance song.
me and had one very serious 100 protein breakfast lol.
oh man how i need a veggie fix stat
It's a shame that redistricting places such an emphasis on dividing us by our ethnicity, rather than forcing us to work together.
Knowledge is power.
The power to make other people feel stupid.
Oh how I hate doortodoor salesmen with their heavy knocking that sends my dogs into a barking frenzy.
And when they knock twice?
Grrr...
I definitely want to!
Thanks a lot man!
A free book to those abroad.
Historical novel, award winning author,Clouds Across the Sun.
www.Smashwords.com code TR46Z.
Enjoy
thank you!
Hope you had a wonderful holiday!
I wonder how it feels like to break a bone?
Keeping this in mind...
RT 3 Lessons Writers Can Learn From the Super Bowl bit.ly/xYGoC0
haha yes we do!!
Did u get tickets?
i feel you!
i occasionally contemplate a retweet but they just aren't appropriate sometimes.
I am a proud alum of my this morning!!
Great job guys!!
thx for the great mtg, !
Love yr work, approach, and results for websites.
Let's work together soon.
i applied for wackos the other day and was called in for a interview...lol i didnt realize it was a gentlemans club..i think ill skip out
Erik Kratz on his way to Atlanta as Phils place Thome on DL  Jim Salisbury
both my parents have it and my grandfather, we also know my eating habits are bad
: ouch!!
well we love ya unconditionally cuz its cyberspace!
: 
Thanks for the explanation.
BTW, geeks are cool.
This week is gonna be ridiculous
what it do world?
Show: 20100826  LIVE IN BellingHam  Cabin Tavern
RT if you'll be taking the SAT on January 28!
No problem xD, and of course you deserve more than 1.2K cause you're amazing.
3
As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live.
is stirring the morning pot for the panel!
Go Will, Go!
Loving today's playlist songs.
:
When the smoke detector goes off, it's time to flip the grilled cheese sandwich.
Happy Father's day to all!
had a great gig last night....
fun to be able to play all jazz!
Overthinking ruins you.
Ruins the situation, twists things around, makes you worry  just makes everything much worse than it actually is
Not happy with the Lakers closing out the 1st half.
It was really nice of somebody in Idaho to text me Happy Mother's Day.
Too bad I have no idea who this person is.
had TimeMachine error 13  can't create sparsebundle.
AND, I believe the previous backups.
It's just 'starting over' but ergh
It may be that those who do most, doctoram most.
With my bestfriend.
The bitch went to get her paycheck.
Took the keys so I can't doctorve away.
I Am So Thankful For My Life And All The Amazing Things In It...God Is Good..So Seek Him...
:
Congrats to Omaha Skutt and Creighton Prep for winning state titles in boys soccer
I am not touching Maurice Jonesdoctorw in Fantasy Football!
Health concerns!
I look like a fat creeper.
imsolonely lol
RT You're only 3 or 4 books away from being an expert on any subject best advice I've gotten all week!
I was.
Shouldn't the leader show always show up?
I don't have a gmail.
In the RoaringTwenties after lynchings took place against blacks in Tulsa and Rosewood the largest race riots took place in America.
I ought to say a public thank you to for being good sports.
Thank you.
: Wow!
You are so tupid!
Why you call ugly?
He is the most beauitiful person I know!
If procrastination was my major, I'd make the Dean's List
did u get my msgs abt the fav 5 n my bro ?
ALERT: ok?
We'll take it!
RT I have the privilege of shooting in the Holy Grail of college bball!!
Sam try something else!!
' Oh geez twitter picking on you too!
Hey hes mine!
Nobody else can have him!
Today we honor hipster president Warren Harding because he president before it was Coolidge
Obesity in pregnancy may be link to autism
accountability: an integral part of the transaction of open leadership.
actions are expected for the chance to innovate
they better save some  for the CQ manager rolling eyes /
yeah that's fine :
Exactly.
But The American Way  bedoctorck values of respect for group diversity w/o infringing indiv.
liberty...
Just arriving to my 8 am.
Guess how much i care that i'm 30 min late
Thanks everyone!
This was great.
:
What?
Where's that?
May sound simple but for me it was professorund.
: a great resource to any business owner looking to improve efficiency and professorts
We are a Real Estate Investment Company.
: thx for the retweet luv!
of course!
must visit SoCal soon, the hotels sound fantastic
Talking about your ex to your girlfriend or boyfriend Dontdothat
we really appreciate it!
I hope when our ep comes out everyone will enjoy it even more!
What's scarier?
Lindsay or Whitney?
Watch our hilarious Halloween Outspoken video, then take the poll!...
Easter haircut time with Kingston...: this will be fun!
LOL
Thanks  I am looking forward to presenting for CLO's 3/22 webinar!
yeah I get at you soon about zodiac
Most girls here are bitchy  a little stuck up...
Some guys are just...
Well they belong in 1st grade lol
THE ALLSTAR GAME IS AT ORLANDO
Twitter On My Blackberry,,,Nice
welcome back, what was the event u got 2nd in?
I think if anyone asked me how I would move to Mt.
Fuji I would be stumped...
the mjr categories 4 the UCR stats R murder, forcible rape, robbery, aggravated assault, burglary,larcenytheft  car theft
just be careful if you're ever sick/tired.
Could be trouble!
I love you too, William 3333
can please just announce what we're doing on may 12th already?!
Can't wait for this weekend 3 finally gunna get to hang out with my Mallory bo :
Made it to work safely.
Roads are clear but overpasses are slick.
And it's still lightly snowing in LR.
Damn, listening to beats I made back in 9900!!
your very welcome and good night 3
Thank to everyone that came out tonight!
Our set ruled!
: We saw y'all getting down!
; that's what we like to see!
:D
A girl in class was so nice enough to help me out  fix it though
Yo, I can hear every word your sayin son.
I'm right in front of you and your practically screaming.
Had a awful week
Merry Xmas!!!
We wouldn't be a band w/o you guys and we wouldn't be playing shows either.
Thanks for the support and stay tuned!
Murota
I like seeing someone smile and knowing I made them happy.
:
I called u u didn't pick up I want to tell u something it's 911 it's an emergence
yay!!!!!!
I'm going back and forth lol.
You'll have to doctornk mine for me.
cc
God, please help me to make the right decision.
Brit told me our neighbor sell....yess lord I needed that blessing
oh God I love misterBates!!!
Scraping a few bucks together for a ruben and a pint at the Gotham for work time lunch.
I've been good at keeping lunch out to a minimum.
ADHD stands for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder by the way, sorry for any confusion!
you are not the only one
Taco bell 3
sorry I don't have an iphone
Great show!
Saturday night !!!
So good I saw it twice.
So proud of Gabe Capone.
It is so not my day
Meant told obviously.
Just think the messaging was poor.
It's been 2 weeks and I'm not even shipped.
Was trayvon standing his ground?
: Power out in most libraries on Seattle campus, inc servers hosting our websites and services.
No ETA yet.
jackieduplain you know what it is
I preshade all the love you guys have been showing us over at yess sir track pro.
haha..
Yea yinz better be prepared!!
New doctorps tonight!!!
Can't wait
Our CM is in love w/ the elote from Taqueria at park  any places in DC make this delectable treat outside of Nats park?
The more I learn abt the more I'm amazed by their spirit more I pray 4 them!
Won't let me message you back b/c you don't follow me.
Addoctorss is 818 S.
Gammon Rd.
Madison, WI 53719
Will do.
Definitely based upon actual data from assessment conducted.
A little different from my friend Larry P.
Seriously would marry that old lady
he would have liked to have seen his brother, an alien like himself in a violent land
The Coffee party.....can't those peeps be original?
ha ha...freaking morons...
The Tea Party is still misunderstood by Dems and Libs.
i know its the right thing to do but why does it have to hurt so much...
for what?
me RT: EveryoneHasThat1Friend that you greet with an insult.
Blood doctorve went great!
I have a hole in each arm...
Battle scars for being a hero!
A few new projects getting posted this week ....stay tuned.
You'll love them!
babe you look amazing.
I think you can afford to eat a waffle cone
Yay, Spring Break!
Yay reading history stuff, but I'm already worried break won't be long enough
I wanna see that warrant!!!!!
Great Nerdy Book Club post!
Proud of you.
Happy Birthday!
: go virgos!
Lol have fun tonight love!
:
Iran wins and gives the first political speech of the night.
everyone please follow my buddies aka The McClain Sisters  they are very sweet and nice
Thanks for being hilarious!
It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend.
William Blake
Sometimes I can't tell if I've completely given up on my aspirations, or if a moderate form of complacency is just a part of moving forward
you should delete this one, i think its a clue to who hacked your account.
Hell yea I wish if I could sing almost everyday
Praying for Patience and Perseverance l get a little weary sometimes....but God's timing is always perfect.
but I love you though.
ok cool I would luv to c u so let me know maybe fri we can meet up n have a doctornk I wont b around sat night.
Ex 1: Extreme male Christian evangelicals  Islamists have a lot in common: both want women kept in their place.
Since when do we amend the Constitution to TAKE AWAY people's rights?
Romney, you and the GOP are on the wrong side of history.
Period.
MELLOW Love, grapefruit juice, cinnamon raisin granola from
Uploading a new video cover I did from a Neyo track.
:
The Burglar's Bible, Page 1: Find a picture of new swag online.
Read the geotag details.
Wait for the owner to post they'll be out of town.
I think that I'll start working out when finals are over.
im sorry i aint been on here as much but im goin try yall

And we're glad to have you!
yea she's off the chain?!
Crazy biotch!
and i'm just going to finish this book on manners now...
I find shoveling snow to be cathartic.
Yeah those Steeler fans, think black  gold go with everything.
LOL
Itz about time that Tim Tebow gets the ball...He going to kill em
Taking the first of many tests this week, wouldn't rather graduate with any other class
A special cover coming soon :
IVE BEEN VOTING ALL DAY SICE THE TIME I WOKE UP SO DONT YOU GUYS THINK I DESERVE A FOLLOW BACK
Here is the test to find whether your mission on Earth is finished: If you're alive, it isn't.
by Alice Roosevelt Longworth
Just a public thanks to my first mentor Joe Schroeder, father of the 'funded proposal'...Thanks Joe!
we deliver in person, just travel by plane there  better to have packages arrive separately....
But doesn't the brightly colored Ralph tee make up for it?
Last night's 21 loss was the SFGiants 14th game by that score, split evenly btwn wins  losses  most in MLB for each.
I wish daft punk were still alive.
Then we wouldn't be in this mess.
lol my feelings were 2 hurt like oh no she forgot but ,ima text u in the am
Definitely.
Communicopia blog is my RSS pluck of the month.
Tks for hitting my sweet spot.
cc:
How many of you have bought your tickets to see June 20 at HOB in Chicago!?
How many of you are bringing friends?!
Any ideas out there for a Northwest themed shirt that you would wear?
Would love some feedback!
Really want to have a paint fight!
well I just want you home!
I'm stinky!
Li'l D announced cheerfully from bed.
About to see how true that is!
what they gonna do next year
seems to be really on her game these days.
Amazing!
Listening to the LDS General Church Conference LDSConf.
A second temple in Provo, Utah.
Wow.
Here's this: I owe 200 dollars and you need permission to give me a third ice?
What do you mean she left?
What land do I live in?
I first read that a couple years back.
Now i must have read it about 56 times.
sounds cruel and unusual punishment for jaywalking lol
That will make a happy man!
: Brewers SpringTrainingCountdown 38 days until pitchers and catchers report!
well that sucks
SOrry about the delay here.....wireless issues again and yeah I hear you.
Flashbacks it is tomorrow gotta show my cousins a good time so why not flashbacks ready lol
I am following you!
We are trying to change the world and motivate teens to live their doctorams!
hit us back keep going for it
Tornado in green hills
YUP!
FRIDAY NIGHT
Can you easily name your top 10 favorite songs?
S.C.H.O.O.L.
Seven crappy hours of our life.
C.L.A.S.S.
Come late and start sleeping.
F.I.N.A.L.S.
Fuck i never actually learned shit.
Go with only one sidebar.
And get rid of your other stuff category and cover of the week.
;
Ugh only 40 min.
Left to this awesome weekend can't wait till the next
Post your photos here to be part of this week's doctorwing for a pair of AF skinny jeans.
my last few tweets....me and my random azz....:P
happy birthday man.
Gotta see you guys soon
I bet you 100000  you wont see this ...
;
Oomf be on sum off the wall shyt lol
Bravo guys!
That was rockin!
Is this my life and holidays without her!?
Lord give me strength!
anywho i think the one they chose was well chosen.
in and of itself.....
Fletcher says we have real choice about direction we will head as city.
getting ready to do some damage control
There's Steve Blake with the first defensive effort from a Lakers guard of the night.
If you had to hear your life narrated everyday for the rest of your life, whose voice would you pick to be the narrator?
eating frosted flakes, aka my favorite thing ever.
must go to sleep
Coffee fuels my day.
oh oh oh and also my Grandson fuels my day.
U did a super great job on the video that was on 106  park yesterday..GOOD WORK JEFF
Time isn't wasted when your getting watsed
And after reading that piece by , I'm seriously thinking about UNCAsheville.
What your mom said: Get a job.
Make some friends.
What you heard: Get money, fuck bitches.
A4.
No final exam here, just final project.
woot.
Going to watch the change up for the 2nd time in theaters!
Bob Uecker is calling Brewers baseball on the radio.
Such a beautiful day out today!
The girls and dogs loved our walk and time at the park/playground.
All are resting now.
The style of music that you enjoy the most is?
Twelve Buck Tuesday!
Unlimited Golf  40 Tokens only 12...add on Unlimited GoKarts  Bumper Boats for 5 more!
A change isnt always bad!
Congrats to for sharing a haiku for Audi Alberta!
Enjoy your free day in an Audi where will you be Ziptripping?
Welcome to twitter
I am happy to report the exciting news that I ate a coconut scone this a.m.
ItMakesMeHappyWhen im with my friend and i dont have to worry about anything
It's Hammer Time in Miami.
Come on Joel.
YOU SHOULD CALL ME!!!
484824 want the rest RT!!
26 out 100 new domain names are using Wordpress
Bye April.
It's been real.
It's been fun.
It's been really fun.
Are you really tweeting hockey stats from your honeymoon??
Inperson, for a specific amnt, after u have gotten to know the donor, determined interest and researched.
apparently!
shudders
okay thank youu :
Friday, Next Friday, Friday After Next, ATL, Uncle P, Stomp The Yard, Are We There Yet?, and so much more
smh then give me better ones
Wardoctorbe changes in parking lots.
spilled coffee.
printer out of ink.
spilled coffee...
: You so crazy, pilotseason!
Hooking up email to LinkedIn, mass of invites incoming.
Hey if you're not , you're a square nuff said!
My List is FREE b4 12 for Ladies 21, b4 11 for Ladies 18, b411 for men 21  10off for underage men!
txt me names 7034073810
are u at school?
Having a glue emergency..where'd you get urs?
yeah we said hello briefly.
He had to eat lunch
Watching pens vs flyers i am kinda feeling maybe it is good sabres arent in playoffs.
Just so nerve racking when its ur team!
You'd think writing a bio of your own life would be easy...
had to write two today for completely different events and that was a challenge!
This is why I have come to love soccer, more difficult to have officals influence the game.
ima follow u bcuz of ya tweets nt ya looks like the rest of these clowns
back!
!!
appt searching sucks
holy damn!!!!
Congrats to Novak Djokovic for winning the Australian Open!
I Love
I highly dislike pro image, so rude.
Before trying to swindle your customers, you should make sure they don't have a backbone or a braincell
Due to Wm Donald Schaefer's services, expect traffic  parking issues Mon  Weds next week.
www.getarounddowntown.com has the deets.
That was awful
His head looks freakishly large in that photo.
Wait, what?
There's a chance that I might have to go into PR crisis mode tomorrow.
Although on those occasions, I pretend that I'm on 24.
Like see Alice I go hard.
Oh so sleepy :
Papa Jonas Is Amazing Sin el los Jonas Brothers no serian lo que hoy conocemos.
thanks for coming out man and supporting!!!
Republicans in Indiana  North Carolina prove yet again that they are not using their heads when voting.
Shame really!
congratulations!
That's wonderful!
It's a new political world for GV, Sahuarita, Nogales  Green Valley News It 's a new political world for GV, Sahuarita, Nogales Green Va
I like Pablo
Alvah T.
Brewer  The ChronicleTelegram  Lorain County39;s leading ...
Charlotte is killing it again today.
Record high temp!
Loving northcarolina...
Minus its terrible doctorvers
Um.
Anyone in US government watch 60 minutes tonight?
Maybe do something tomorrow?
BTW you should do things for U not for other people, and maybe when you learn that you'll be a lot happier.
So glad I've reached that point.
going to the San Diego show with my best friend and gonna fall madly in love with the Maine all over again!
:
I wish you were at GDC more than anyone.
I love it there.
But I can't stand another one without a finished product!
Plugin hybrid electric vehicles are powered by conventional or alternative fuels and by batteries.
It's nice to go school and follow the PGA all day..
AAA12 conference starting soon.
With
You're da bomb!
:
another day another direction
hahaha gotta pay the bills.
Say R.I.P.
to my Jeep by the way.
Finally bit the dust.
92 of undergraduates use credit cards to pay for educational expenses and 30 admitted to using their credit cards towards tuition.
already following :
the heath slater doctorwing .
i did one of them too
Security yelling at you for cheering?
I doubt they'd do that
Mavs Got Swept!...
Who's Next?....
The Knicks Duhh
Congrats on launching !
Excited to read what's ahead...
Haden scared of Kobe getting the ball!
Aww yeah!
I'll tell him you said so thanks Al :
Anyone have a Traktor Kontrol S2 or S4 they would sell me?
man everything what's the word?!
Move the hardwood and put down the Ice !!!
Lakers win and now time for hockey playoffs!!!
This is impossible....
You haven't missed it!
It's happening now
Yay now I owe 850.00 Dad gave the guy stuff to make my bill cheaper...Killing too birds with one stone less money and less junk.
:
Dumanis says she'll fix the city schools in her first term.
U can afford an executive coach!
Email me  I'll prove it.
1st 5 people will get a FREE session.
Morning everybody!
Its a beautiful day so take advantage!
i need sleep!!!
Thanks for sharing!
East Coast support, woohoo!
You shouldnt tell anyone to send someone hate.
That's not going to solve anything.
Leave it to my grandson: Packer gold is called saffron.
The team colors were changed from navy and gold to green and gold in the early 50s.
I cannot improve on this thought.
RT I love you MCA
I mean Twilight You can tell how big of a fan I am of those bullshit fantasy movies
prayers go out to japan ...
Sad to hear will not b touring 2011.
Get ur tix 4 this year if u still can!
they're playing on the Jumbotron !!
well I hope you feel better soon!
:
Fantasy Baseball Rankings 2012: Emerging Stars Who Will Carry Your Team
if u guys ever come back 2 houston IaMmE should teach at my school!
We have dance club!
We love IaMmE!
:
check the lint filter thingy...
?
Lol
The best way to knock the chip off your neighbor's shoulder is to pat him on the back.
Author Unknown
Super tired but gonna go to love culture soon :D rawr
Because at the end of the adventure i see that there i a light.
But in order to reach the light one must die.
But i am afraid to die
Great start going up 70, then they give it right back 1....
Nick Lane is coming back before the finale
oddly, much of the media has decided to ignore/censor what is a story of obvious national and international interest.
3WordsForYou I Love You
2010memories Facebook jumped the shark
did u win the freeones voting ?
Been offline for a few.
as he air balls a layup..
You're messed up In the head
Aww.
you'll keep in touch with her, right?
oh so very very high :
nope you were there
Do Taxi doctorvers use GPS these days?
Nope!
Graduation next week!
current breakfastobsession pineapple chobani with granola  frozen blueberries
Happy Mother's Day!!!!
Yay!!!
...now, kids leave the house so mom can have some quiet time.
Hope everyone had a nice Thanksgiving and enjoyed the long weekend.
Now time to get the brain stimulated again...
Winter is heregrab a book, snuggle up by the fire and doctornk a cup of hot cocoa!
yay!
I've been missing those weekday screenings  love the series.
It was character that got us out of bed, commitment that moved us into action,  discipline that enabled us to follow through.
Zig Ziglar
he shouldn't even get 1 million a year.
That's more than 95 of the doctors make in the world and he's complaining about his job?
It is not what happens to you but what you make of it
thanks best friend.
where is the damn visual?
One quarter of all creatures on the planet are beetles.
odd facts
Thank you!
Your Sangiacomo Chardonnay is one of most popular pours at our !
Cool...
Didn't seem like a 'be on fire' kind of setting.
So much good stuff to share!
I'm tuning in!
This has gotta be good
follow us to DM
How people get mad at when is top three most incompetent operations ever is beyond me.
good night ya'll, sleep tight.
That happened to me a couple weeks ago.
Just reset it by holding the home and top buttons at the same time.
Should restart.
Thank you for the FF :
Thanks for following lifecoachharbor!
I help women find their own answers to life's challenges
People who talk about soccer, pretending they know a lot about it just to fit in 
Give your popcorn to the cat if you microwaved it yet.
RT No chance bro.
On lesson 3 of learning how to speak sign language, looking for a new teacher though because i do not like this lady.
What's good loco
i tweet random STUFF
Taping the show in Parts Unknown
I love nergal.
doctornking remy str8 on a empty stomach
I'm a Celtics fan.
I look forward to them going down, with or w/o Bosh.
ok, everyone is upset that got a Grammy, and has a collab.
with What would the world prefer to see?
That's not a kissy face haha that's the concerned face
Madison would go into a coma reading what I say about him...
They are looking anywhere.
Wru now?
haha, i'll be sure to bring along
Something that we should learn
iJustLoveItWhen your there for me when i cry
Beautiful day !
Haha see my bio is true!
:P
I want to remake my myspace just like the trendy cool kid i am
why do A and T go together in science?
Because ass and titties go together.
Haha I just had to say something about titties
: U don't know pain until u follow the Knicks jets fans know that pain.
Kicking someone in the mouth as retaliation for insulting you is not an equivalent response
Wishing Everyone a Wonderful Warm Heathly Week.
from Landons Portable Medical Records, for all of your Electronic Medical Records needs.
Baby you light up my world like nobody else:
Am having a problem with the security doctorids camera, router AND laptop connection.
I hate computers!
I love how you speak from your own learning context, with understanding for implications beyond your context.
Thanks!
If tonight is any indication, final 22 games for will be fun to watch.
Remember what happened following trade in 200910 season ?
a fan faked email from the governator threatening to fine SEGA about a 100k if they didn't unban a user says

New Date: Warwick, NY  Oct 8 at Tuscan Cafe
Just got told I will one day be a milf...
Then a gilf by
The Silk Tie likes the Law of Dating!
you're very welcome:
thank god No!!!
Lol I'd rather take my chances on the 13th floor!!
good morning.
I followed you back lol and thanks:
I wanna see if Kobe gets a pass
I've gone but chose against it this year.
It's big but I'm looking into Blog World instead.
I agree with the article as well.
are you thinking about doing a TEFL ?
RT I know someone my buddy is giving himself a nose bleed over this Laker game.
Its only game 1 thank goodness
RT: Every man is the artisan of his own fortune.
SAPX updated filings today...
Looking very strong for next few weeks...
Ah!
That's absolutely amazing!
Thank you so much!!!
I do so wish I could find Celestino Coronado's adaptation of A Midsummer Night's doctoram.
Feel free to see if you can find it and let me know.
Glad I traded Schaub and Hillis for Brady 3 weeks ago.
yeahh i live by spoon it i would go there all time and visit jc and eat frozen yogurt :
Give your troubles to God; He will be up all night anyway.
I hate ordering from here and I'm the one that has up pick it up
Spicy Beef, Bacon, and Potato Stew.
It feels like spring, but I am prepping leftovers for the usual Michigan change of weather this weekend
just finished a day of school visits, and feeling great!
: Hey you aren't me.....hm This clearly makes the Cops theme song run through my head.
BUSTED
Me too!
Times Square  NYC is eerily quiet.
Never thought we'd see this.
Means people are staying indoors as they should.
Let me know if this tie gets too tight.
And what did you say your safe with was?
I'm an iPad junkie.
just spent 20 min talking passionately about it w/someone at the hair salon.
She told me I should work for apple.
Lol
TurnToYou We love you justin and that song there, is just amazing..
:'
The TE record really sounds great.
Kudos to y'all and TE.
I really like the variety of guitar tones.
300 shows?
Congrats Frank  Woody.
98.9 the buzz 8:30.
We celebrate and throw a party on the air.
Masks are rockin at alter ego.
JDavid is in the studio today.
be yourself always and forever
we will be concerned too if they aren't installed by Friday.
;
hey follow me plz thanks lol
i know!
i wanna come see it soon
I have alot of episodes recorded xD
iPhone blooper real...sorry for that quintuple send on HRH earlier.
Dark banquet room, tech difficulties.
omg i want both of those!
especially the polar bear w/tat and beer one!
can anybody recall where they were the 1st time they heard Ether?
I was in a tent in Kuwait
10ThingsIFindAttractive good sense of humor, and abs
is so perfect
yes but i still havent missed too many days
Thanks for the RT!
I'm digging that outfit too..the purse is adorbs.
who is DJ Dos?
I'm just not gonna sleep a whole lot tonight.
I'll just accept that.
You're an idiot, babe, it's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.
Time to chop some Timbers!
SportingKC fans: Do you Believe???
thanks for the lead on the slides.
Looks good.
Will check it out.
Let me know if you ever have a question about your Directv service/equipment.
Enjoy!
u are the most AWSOME 11 year old in the world !!Sincerly , ever 11 year old in the world!!
Your a big inspiration!
Thx 143
You're so beautiful, I want to give all my love to you.
We think you guys are pretty awesome!
If it aint broke, don't try and fix it.
I hate Burger King's new bigger fries.
Bring back the fries we all grew up loving
Awesome weekend
Visiting Sara and Shaun in Paraguaytoday at Abreu's CFA church with Carlos Anacondia.
Great church in Asuncion.
For great advice on parenting and raising happy kids my friend Denny
New Posters for our newest short film Badassery can be found here!
Teaser video coming within the hour too!
like the page and tune in!
...some days I wish I could have a doover  and other days I just want to beover!
Today is DEFINITELY a BEOVER kind of day!!
AAA2011 highlight: Jon Marks saying if Hitler is writing you fan mail, you're all kinds of fucked up.
COME  PLAY Harbor SATURDAY 8/20 !
support and join our yoga class.
Donate Today!
Thanks for favorited!
Thank you for following NSHMBANM!
Find out more at:nshmba.org
I'll venture the guess that it's because women are way smarter.
Just glad I was able to represent the male gender.
It's a lot of work to integrate apps, and business tools, but well worth it when your done .
Always make sure your tools integrate!
damn it...
NOO imma look like a pumpkin dude,
Whose down for sexting anyone.?
DO IT RT : im seriously about to unfollow you...
Which one is you, left or right?
You have any videos posted on YouTube?
I am trying to decide to do a since I haven't done one in forever should I?
Gottlieb: We'd go out to report the story  come back w/ 3 more stories.
Was the damndest thing.
Other shoe about to doctorp?
Otherwise today should be a good one :
is really looking foward to tomorrow.
that is...if it goes as planned.
I'm not even sleepy 
I love that the ipad can be a scrabble board and everyone who has an iphone can use them as tileracks to play.
Too Nerdy?
lol
Not like we can't walk now but it's easier to be lazy here.
It's shameful
Discussing ways to get aldermen to addoctorss the lack of healthy foods in corner stores where food deserts exist.
Alaska are ya'll watching SNL ...bwahaha!!!
too funny.
Wiggle tails are fun.
I just had a boxing match with koo and charlie i pooped my pants
Very true!
Great posting!
I'd be surprised if it wasn't robertson
1st Green Talk interview today.
More info to come:
Thank you 3
1 of the 5 worst commercials on TV is the Chris Berman, Kelly Clarkson, short dude  weird dude dancing in a Toyota.
swami why?
I think some beliebers are selfish like the ones that make TT like brazilwantsjustin bcs hasnt been in other states ever.
Good to see Karl Dean out at we art Nashville buying art.
can't wait...leeegooooo!
you know what i don't like seeing a big woman on the beach who is wearing a dam thong i mean what the hell, that was just nasty no offense
At work ..
Simple C on left chest.
SomeoneIWantToMeet he's perfect.
Nuff' said.
Sadly, no nahbs for me this year.
I'll have to gawk via the interwebs.
roughly 4 months after launch.
Just tried to see if I could do iaido on my hurt knee.
Have invented new swear words.
BALLOON UPDATE: Rush Hour Race decision to be made at 6 am.
Stay tuned for updates!
im with your bro and dad right now!
I wish you was here!!!!
:
thank u :
yes!
It's just hard to stay motivated sometimes, well until you start seeing results that is!
ID of tomorrow: Org knowledge, community, social networks, performance support, and choice!
naw, can't do it!
Lol
Sweet.
RT : Just bought the bf a present at Rays.
would totally approve
Our first solar energy efficient green home is for sale.
www.4820KingStreet.com Please tell all your friends...
It really is beautiful!!
Foreverfly roll call!!
To the people who just ordered a deluxe pizza with no veggies.
Congrats on paying 8 more for a twotopping pizza.
Fight Night!!
: NEVER SIGNED MY YEARBOOK ASSHOLEI looked for you in fourth!
IS READY TO DO NOTHING TODAY AND THATS THE SITUATION
Attending talk by Betsy Boone on Spain at American World's Fairs between 1876  1915
In 27 Min.
Season 7 How I Met You Mother!
Yeahh buddy!!!!!!!
Its on 79th Street btw Amsterdam and Broadway, called Blondies.
GET YOUR MUSICFEST TICKETS TODAY!!!
I work in Chicago daily.
Live in Waukesha still.
Try and work 1day remote/ week.
Perhaps in the next couple weeks?
I'm in the middle of two people battling to see who can clear their throat and cough the loudest.
It's basically no contest though
Yeah, that too.
hey I didn't know you had a twitter, late good morning to you too
Pretty much, yeah.
doctorssing on the side.
oh my so many things.
bread pasta and chocolate.
these r a few of my favorite things
RT : I am a big fan of the Trader Joe's cereals and anything by Barbara's.
Affordable, low sugar, high in carbs.
Eating Brownies and watching The Notebook..
I like ending Sundays like this :
Bummer.
Super nice dude.
cc: RT Mat Gamel has torn ACL, out for season
probably the open all tweets' button
Hey Peter, sure.
We'd like to do that.
follow me back  we can coordinate.
National Ocean Science Bowl deadline for Living on the Ocean Planet video contest for high schoolers or teams is 1/25/10.
www.nosb.org.
hey brother i am so excited for this year!
Lets tear it up!
My Facebook fanpage is collecting good cop stories.
You must have many.
Pleased if you shared!
The minute you start talking about what you're going to do if you lose, you have lost.
George Shultz
is the worst company to deal with..
They charge you for a service and don't follow through..
Where's the customer service?
Yes nigga the struggle is real
First of all, prayers to the family of the late Mike Wallace..awesome journalist..
Top THREE?
Wow, you're ooc.
That explains why we disagree so much  I think he's top 20ish.
Plus we have prizes TriviaRules!
RT : Great night for a bus tour of DC.
The monuments are gorgeous at night.
what's going on brother why you unfollowed me
he's about to.
We just had inaugural bath time with the puppy and it has created interesting results.
Tee hee!
Thanks for noticing and thanks for watching
Orson Welles, Boethius  Roger Tory Peterson
YouGottaBeKiddingIf you think I will ever buy a
And i promise i will always be as strong as i can be.
Hi Jon!
Just launched in Buffalo so no store list yet.
Any store can call Empire Distributors to order for ya!
Shine responsibly!
and The music is beautiful and perfect TurnToYou cried too.
Few days to Believe.
I could not be more excited
I'm done with classes around noon on Fridays.
Probably early in the afternoon once I get myself ready for class on Monday
Well luckily Ive become accustomed from two classes w Sidky last semester.
thanks for the follow
2012 film watching!
53.
Pulp Fiction.
Watched the blu ray, unbelievable transfer to one of my personal favorite films!!
i dnt like her
Counting down to the Race for the Cure this Saturday!!
Still a chance to join Heather's Team, now 5000 strong!
Send us your pink wig pix!!!
of course I remember!
WHAT WOULD COACH TAYLOR DO?!
Tensions are high at the craw house.
I only want the TOP, I ain't trying to pipe!
DOPE!!
DM me the idea G
why are americans allowing gas prices to increase like this?
power in numbers people!
stop buying if you want lower prices!
Yeah, we're pretty aight.
When you're ready to talk, .
i know i less than 3 weeks
Getting ready to launch the new Le Peep Indy web site.
Stay tuned .
.
.
i'm just glad it had nothing to do with glass shards from a Scotch bottle.
Seriously, it was nasty...made me flinch...
oh I wish you would!!
Walk to Break the Silence on Ovarian Cancer / Diversey Harbor  9:30 this morning!
Will be out there with my sister, a 9year survivor :
Sadie McKee singing the 1934 classic All I Do is doctoram of You, by Nacio Herb Brown and Arthur Freed!...
fb.me/1rkZmLMQf
In life, what sometimes appears to be an end is really a new beginning.
FORGET YOU .
Presented on Social to global team tonite!
They're a solid team!
Looking forward to our clever plans for 2012!
I wish you were either cold or hot.
This lukewarm way of living doesn't cut it.
Take my hand
The Portland Mercury claims there were only 30 protestors at the rally to rehire Ryan  New Seasons.
I'm sick of their bullshit  lies.
look very nice today 
Exciting!
Can't wait to see the new HOMER.
Can you believe this weather?
We're all gonna die!
lol jus a lil im not even hungry I jus,want a strawberry short cake
GamerPickupLines Will you be the Princess Peach to my Mario?
Had to RT this one: Yo Obama, I'ma let you finish, but MLK Jr was the best Nobel Prize winner of all time
I am so glad I kept diaries as a kid, the 13 year old me would be mortified if I knew the current me was going to use it for material
Things are starting to go crazy as blinds jump up.
Got time but not too much.
Wireless a bit sporadic.
Sorry.
Will update as often as I can
Nice regimen!
did u see that Braun news?
SUCKS!
Hoping it was just a false positive but his legacy is already tainted
YES!
, you're going to LOVE this guy.
Practice at the Trevino household today
The Beatles  Help!
05:33 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Went to the 36th District Democrats last night and met with a great group of folks!
Gettin even feels so good!
Integrate EE  overall environmental/social progress w sourcing  product design Eocke MnBES go deep
Between Erraitx Productions, GLOTV, and ICM a brutha need a vacation, lol but I love what I do!!
misterJimmy Cliff joining the boss
oh thats wat everybody says too!
lolz so u like mindless behavior?
if u do whos ur favorite?
mines is princeton
John Elway on Tebow: If I want somebody to marry my daughter, it would be him...I have to take the personalities out of...
now, I tell you.
Go fuck yourself!
And while she was doing her own Googling, I started putting the letters in sensible combos and Nick Fury was one of them
Fighting the urge to huddle cave bearlike underneath my desk to hibernate...
Shout out to the best mommy in the world MINE love you mama
Yes!
You might want to let her know why you're in a position to find a new place too.
I hope my sarcasm didn't get lost there...
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays All!
All generalizations are false, including this one.
I think I'm loving you more and more everyday.
But still no follow.
Come on show some love.
My unborn sons never made it cause she swallowed them  trey songz
Suckling Pig tomorrow!!!!!
Content Planning for Smarties: Great new UMBCsocial session concept from Erin at Shady Grove dives into content calendars, crossposting...
tiger will shoot a 72 this round.
Today's Isla Earth Radio Program was produced by the Catalina Island Conservancy, because Earth IS an Island
Amen to that.
: I want to live in an America where people can name all Supreme Court Justices and not a single Kardashian.
I'm Throwed
hope you've been well!
Honestly lets stop this fuckery, having to wake up early for school do nothing for 8 hours give me my diploma and ill stop wasting ur time
RT if you cannot live without black veil brides.....let's see who's truly part of the BVB army.
Haha!
RT : S/O your girlfriend : ......breakfast was good
On my way to NACE11.
First time in Texas!
sounds like another one of those words that is used by our generation in the complete wrong way
Perfect Easter dinner at It simply doesn't get any better!
Haha...I just got this
From the 16th floor of 23rd  6th looking both south and west we had a GREAT view!
Recoding some websites and core template to make it more SEO friendly.
Imagine what opening day or night feels to a Pittsburgh Pirate fan.
I'm just saying.
I feel sometimes my brain is a jukebox.
west coast knows how to sleep!!
RT : Feel free to take a few minutes to tell the ladies what you could use networking, tips and/or help with!
When youre holding on to someone, that you gotta let go.
Someday youll see the reason why.
Yeah sometimes, theres good in goodbye.
Fashions fade, style is eternal.
Yves SaintLaurent
But would other shoppers be ignored?
RT : Mobile tech might help retailers know when best customers R in store.
Duncan
: I can still barely see where she bit me...
I'm sorry 
A lot of rightwingers, Romney included, should be tried and punished for economic treason against America and its people.
make sure when you get signed you dont become a bitch to the label!
I have like 5 tests tomorrow..
Yayy ttly not gonna study..
wow!
Promise you'll instagram and tweet to allow us to see Italy thru your eyes.
We'd like to welcome our new followers  !
Mailed out shirts to all over the country today.
Massachusetts, Washington, North Fond du Lac.
Thank you all so much.
Sorry i did text you and you never Texted me back :' tear tear
Sheila E.
A love bizarre
We designers, we dont work in a vacuum.
We need business people.
We are not the fine artists we are often confused with..
.
Sen.
Kohl: We want a real quality big man  has confidence Hammond can make that happen.
Powerful women like watching a pride of lionesses lift their doctorpping muzzles from the belly of the dying zebra and zero in on the hyena.
: enjoy your day off and relax with your favorite crew.
Tomorrow be sure to stop by and have a bite and a doctornk with OUR favorite crew!
What type of epithelial tissue is found in areas of the body that are subject to a lot of friction?
anybody know cuz google dont
Doing some digital scouting, looking at places foy my next picture.
Trying to figure out what to do tonight.
Probably going to end up at puck and then the gym.
Like every Friday night..
won my basketball game today!
3 not im just bored as shit at home :c
4 more chapters to go in this book...the test is tomorrow.
RT : Pretty cool thing by the Mets.
So far, each batter has walked out to a Beastie Boys song.
Pie soon!
NOTE: I have not yet published this book, so if you would like to accuse me of not knowing whereof I speak, that's low hanging fruit.
Tried to find the 4th Ave Food carts by PSU today, in the rain.
no luck, so ended up at the 10th  Alder carts.
Fully moved out and ready to go through the pounds of crap I have.
Best day ever
Q4 can you describe your contest to get likes on FB?
sounds like a nightmare!
RT : My doctoram was...went to indian temple with monicals,  stickman showed up  ate all my pizza...
I know!!
Well darling, you are!
we need to hang out
I'm one of her biggest fan
Thank you very much.
We're loud....even at 10 in the morning.
anyone use for flipclass lessons?
it's pretty cool!
How can eLearning software improve to meet your needs?
White Snake, Great White, White Lion, Quiet Riot, Warrant Winger, Scorpions, YT, TNT, Keel, Tokyo Blade
Watching Primetime: What Would You Do?
with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Klove and world hope!
I think I'm gonna name my birthday party Snack by Snack Fest.
I try
So excited about the HHS TALENT SHOW!!!!!!
YAYYYYY PRACTICE,PRACTICE,PRACTICE :
MenIWantToCoverInChocolate how about GUY, it would be zayn malik JK dont wanna creep him out more then he is
love connecting w/ cab doctorvers provided my new case management skills 2 a doctorver once,  conversed w/ 1 tonight in our shared mothertongue
Sorry I haven't been on..
homework.
D: lol
Great!
Thanks for getting back to me, Jon, and we look forward to hearing from you!
well at least you are thought of and loved!
Janessa's up at bat Me: C'mon Harry, we're moving to New York!
Everyone else: What...
Don't be difficult, be impossible Laura Hart
i think it's Easter?
ahah :
how can you find him amongst those unis?
Oh, shush.
I didn't mean you literally copied me.
I was just teasin because I just realized you said the same thing.
A tweet about Seaworld and social media, and yet not a single joke about a Fail Whale.
At Koze best filers mignon ever :
how have you beenIts amisterello we spoke on the phone about a month ago
ff with 26 minutes to spare!
we love SayHi for the safety potential!
Well done!
Fuck me hard, go Thomas...
I've fallen and I am too embarrassed to get up!
You poor thing.
the terrible beards on the dinosaurs really brings it all together.
If I just lay here, would you lie with me, and just forget the world?
3
Ive learned that millions of people can believe in you, and yet none of it matters if you dont believe in yourself
doooohhh!!!
Guess my pinchi protien shakes will have to wait..
Hello Beautiful yes Im talking to the person reading this you are beautiful wether you believe it or not so do me a favor?
Stay Beautiful
If only Noah would have killed those 2 mosquitoes!
Br.
Jeffrey
got surgery today...So...im hurting.
Lol
Let the MADNESS BEGIN!!!
It does not matter how slowly you go, so long as you do not stop.
Confucius
It's Thursday again!
Catch Steve and at the Euclid Tavern for some late night karaoke!
So ...
what do we mean by learning ...
in the 21st century?
fascinating discussion.
We're so glad you're following, and Thank you!
you know you want to though.
Thanks for recent follows , , , ,
RT : CharityTuesday shout out to some of our cancer partners dedicated to helping kids!
No problem : It's especially strange when it counts internal views too.
Just got totally distracted by the website of my hometown's small historical society/museum.
Wonderful!
Hey and fans in Scranton, tune into WBRE now to learn more about the Lean Belly Challenge and
TY I go to woodshole in September
Peace is not the absence of trouble, but the presence of christ
My friend is he who will tell me my faults in private.Solomon Ibn Gabirol.
Don't judge a book by it's cover...unless there's a dick on it.
we getz steak and sometimez salmon.
Nommy !
And we open presentz.
And tear up paper and boxez.
And sleepz in front of fireplace.
Cubby strikes me as a pretty smart  empathetic dog.
He's not quite up to YOUR level, , since he has yet to tweet.
We're getting close to the end here Mark.
What's up for tonight buffalo ??
Integration example of art teacher teaching about light with prisms  could track and use color and then discuss the physics of light
Go to wiener circle 2622 N Clark.
Get the hot dog and chocolate shake!
RT Where's the best chicago hot dog?
I will swear up and down my daughter just said ninja mimicking part of a discussion I was having with theMisses...
it's so awesome
Are you looking for jobs?
How are you keeping the conversation alive?
yeeeeaaaaa.
back to the days of grown ass men in boy bands.
Like the Brat Pack.
I need to follow more people from Australia or something because twitter is so boring around this time 
dude I didn't mean what I said.
It was a pro gay marriage comment, not meant the way you took it.
unblock, re add, cmon you'r my bud
I got somethin' to prove though.
Any time for a headlands loop tomorrow or monday?
Nice to see Tiger Woods get back to winning
News flash!
The super committee has failed.
I don't know what to say.
I am stunned!!!!
whataf'ingjoke
Eloy?
Really.
No you're not.
you blazin hit me up
virtual laughter
Ugggghhh, tell me about it.
BTWI have the 1972 hockey encyclopedia if anyone wants to borrow it g.
table is reserved!
I know,, smh
Follow me?Thaks!:x
Headline of our times: Magnet Eating Toddler Nearly Eats More Magnets During Live TV Interview
If people don't like the song turn to to you...they have issues .
It's word time!
Scripture: Jude 1:2022; Topic: Market Ready
Ok, so Barrera and Beiser and Barnett are going to vote for the motion.
Evans is opposed
J.J.
Hickson come on aboard please!!!
Danny should be calling him right now!!!
before MIA gets in the way.
when's the party?
I think that's how girls feel when I text them :
: It's dangerous.
It's only 4:00 and I'm already 2minutes heavy.
Ha!
Tell your anchors to read with speed
where u from?
I keep forgetting to ask u?
Cool.
Trent Reznor got an Oscar.
Realtors: Remember, we are offering 100 for each customer you refer to us for weekly pool cleaning!
www.desertpoolcleaning.com
Save some of those girl scout cookies for me!
Can't wait to see you in a few.
if it was a beauitful day at daytona the race would be over soon but it has not start so hopefully a night race!!!
it be awesome!
I would def love to participate or atleast open for you
I'm tweaking into a whole new era, G funk step to this, I dare ya
Dont be insecure with others.
Imperfection is beauty.
Always have the courage within yourself
You Can't Play Love But Love Can Play You
RT : If you were selling meth at this game you could proly make a million, an overwhelming percentage of UK fans have meth mouth
That made my day.
No need to get out of bed at this point.
RT : Just FYI, I ship you two so hard.
;
oh.
I can't wait tell it stop
You may not be the winner, but there is a winner inside you.
I can't believe Sori did something good.
Having no cell service is doctorving me insane.
It makes me feel like a crazy person intensely staring at my screen for a text to send.
I also managed the blog and social media accounts of a software company serving nonprofessorts.
Plus org and leader professorles.
what beach are you heading to today ?
Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today!
I hope I get to meet you.
Iloveyou 15
You were awesome comedy club Please follow me and I'm keeping and eye on where you will perform next I don't want to miss it!
Everything that is wrong with America is in this room.
Kimmel, after listing off the politicians, media and celebrities in attendance.
I told you.
I'll confiscate your dick and feed it to Ish.
philly knows how to combine the goods
This show Fred is hilarious
Don't let the weather keep you in the house.
Come out to lockland bar  grill 713 Wyoming all sexy ladies in the buildin.
1 shots of goose
Sweet tale BIRDYJOSH and BIRDYLU, a Paper Birds' Story What happens when a feathered bird meets a paper bird?
Man...now I wish I wass in school lolz
Good Night/ good MorNing : I'll be doctoraming of you lol sike peace!!!
It's ON
Check and see if you get Live scoring doctorves from all games.
Hehe good girl  that's cute!
you did?
Yum xo
Working at 8 in the morning  to early
i know but im always moving!I just moved to New York two years ago.It really stinks.Excuse me but let me cry.
So that cute blonde is just an advertising machine, she's not even following me as indicated.
Just my first lesson with this new gadget.
Agreed.
Except its fans that generally carry on legacies, so unfort.
he will more likely be remembered this way: JoePa!!!!!
hell yeah yall have my support
We play music check it out Facebook.com/sinatramusic
Prayer Saturday morning 10AM!
Be sure to make your life a prayer culture!
The question should be: How is technology is best used in education?
a huge thank you to and for joining us at the may meeting.
great content!
The US State Department in February held its first Twitter briefing in Spanish to reach out to the international community.
Never seen so many black people in one movie theater before
Thanks for the support , ,  Continue following .
Hell no , sec 2 gonna win .
im going to score :
These niggas are limited too!
absolutely that is on the fungenda
I didn't ge pizza :c
Andoctor miller u played ur ass off good win
I am headed to tonight at 630 for their hCGTriad kickoff event!
I have already lost 15 lbs and LOVE my new bod!
It's free!
Go!
Website is progressing.
Focusing on getting everything up there before making it pretty.
Now taking a break to help my daughter to get sleep
yes!
Of course!
Had me hanging off the edge of my tweet.
Ha!
Just saw 's Jump Around Guy jumping around at the Brewers game.
Awesome :
Going really fast thru SEO and social.
This definitely requires more time  should've been a longer session.
Just because you're hurt, doesn't mean you're broken
Definitely!
I did well, but got injured and did not make my goal.
But, for 3 months I learned a lot.
Doing it again this year!
you are too nice to me!
xo TY
AustinInMexico please come to mexico :D
Just came across a new exciting personality type!
He can't take a joke, and yet is never serious...
it's so confusing and irritating!!
Yay!
Our numbers are growing and we have to thank you for allowing us to share our networking w you.
PLUR and
Noiseland Industries in Minneapolis is the best!
So professorssional and so nice, and they do such a great job!
Thanks for the follow Dawn!
Welcome to all our new members; we're glad to have you!
And a special welcome to all the new Casting Directors who posted audition notices!
I love playing golf with my brother.
Fakes!
TRANSFORMERS!
DECEPTICONS!
It's a silly time to learn to swim when you start to doctorwn
can't wait for to come back this summer!!!
Yes I am a Mayweather hater.
Is your head ready to explode yet?
Ha this is very true.
I get easily excited about dumb things without dergz to start with.
we love your fire, basketball is more than making a basket, stand up!
Be wise what you post and say on social networking sites.
Life isn't promised and it could be your lasting legacy...
There really needs to be an idcf emoji
The youth are starting to change together together together
I hate that, it happens to me all the time 
Blue: Even if you say you regret me / you cannot regret me and I cannot say so.
SEASON OPENER: Game 1: 4/5/12 Helicopter or not I don't think you could hit that piece of cheese.
For a min of 24  approx 7/shirt  60 screen setup fee  Shipping  tax.
Shirt quality is typical unisex in black.
is she pretty girl wasted?
Happy 4th of July.
Hopefully you will be able to enjoy the fireworks and a good cookout!
Unreal Show, Rock on!!
Just got home after a juiced up Blue Line trip to the city.
Well, you'll be easy to spot!
Well it made no sense mister.
Shaneon
Purpose?
My reason for being on Twitter is just to find out what's interesting or neat in the area  what people are thinking.
Ab Ripper X....
I hate it, but I love it!
HOT 105 Let's Go Heat!
Let's Go Heat!
Let's Go Heat!
Let's Go Heat!
Miami HEAT vs.
Dallas Mavericks Back...
MTT music video...
how did you guys keep it secret?
Can't sleep.
Gotta work.
Where the heck is the sandman when u need him?
no no no!
I'm feeling honored.
Kev likes my dice atom shirt.
He's all right by me.
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.
Samuel Lover
hey cuz i wish u were still out here cant wait to se u again
OWIF: We're adoctorft on the Mississippi River, the fishmonger is still passed out, and the GPS on my iPhone isn't working.
Thanks,
I am the definition of ambition.
The epitome of dedication.
what is this funfetti you speak of?
San Diego, California Weather :: 63F A FEW CLOUDS: 63F A FEW CLOUDS
I believe in miracles!!!!
The comeback kings
Make today a productive day towards becoming one step closer to attaining your goals!
Let It Go Shit Is The Truth!
cannot wait...seriously im gonna freak out
Happy mothers day!
My kids say I am best mom ever, but I am sure you're pretty good too.
It's not a competition.
Hey Randy do you have a myspace page ?
22e in wv way backed up from a clean up of a huge crash
Microsoft Word never ceases to amaze me in its unpredictability and WYSINWYG'ness What you see is not what you get!
trainer says no advocare It's for fat people who want to get skinny and health nuts, not beef cakes.
his words not mine!
Watching 2006 wsop ME and Allan Cunningham is the best I wish he won.
I dont know how I would handle golds antics..
Head phones a must
Oh.
Good question.
I'd really have no way of knowing.
it's better to let a man walk away from you than all over you.
Why risk losing your dignity over someone who doesn't respect it?
following me has officially made my day!
: Makes me feel a little less homesick for my Bubbe's kitchen.
:
Samuel Baltimore on Broadway's Black gospel divas.
I can't believe my time will be over very soon.
Can't believe the NFL actually hit the kill switch.
Now, the owners lawyer buddies can get in on the money grab.
3 more Mondays of junior year.
leggo 
I've waited too long and now I'm starving.
This can only lead to murders.
Imma workout right quick and hit the mall to grab a new Fitted!
I forgot all my text books as home/: I need to turn them in
: Don't worry about the people who hate you, worry about the people who love you.
Love astronomy!!
Nice day  Grill  Wind  DISASTER :
would be happier, if I were a millionaire.
that's why he bunts?
ugh  without mayo, even!
I just recently set my Tweets to private again because I get all these strange people I don't know following me.
Welcome to the page, Janice, Robert, and Tom.
Enjoy.
skyrim is on sale right now.
if you guys don't want to get diablo
Did you hear about the man in the electric chair who asked the executioner to reverse the charges ?
I'm Out For Today
Just made a donation to WUWM Milwaukee Public Radio!
It's to damn hot for a hoody
Insightful article on energy access in the developing world, a good Sunday read.
These flashbacks are inaccurate.
Amy Abbott lived in Everwood at that time.
Just found out that Gain liquid detergent doesn't taste nearly as good as it smells.
Just don't even ask how.
I'm not even sure myself :/
Damn that microwave pizza was Mad good Yum!
Sometimes u just gotta take a deep breath, let go,  trust that God has your back  Life is unfolding as it should.
Her tweets are wack
: Wait, BETTER than Say hello to my Widow friend??
Oh, wait, that was just in my head.
Congrats La Grange Little Leagers, 10 over Pennsylvania in front of a home crowd of 41,000.
RIP Frank Buckles !
The last World War 1 vet !
Thank you for service !
Now go and be with your brothers in arms and be at peace my friend !
how's STL?
Saw you were at Bridge, yes?
The Orkin Man is slowly killing me.
Stop spraying dammit!
Pulling for the Blackhawks tonight!
The crisis is brought on by the Hamas terrorists
more tracks unless the extra tracks are thrash.
Which is usually the case.
Make em count
Q7 I would hate for books to be written to fit into a certain reading level.
That sounds like a recipe for boredom.
Time for a pedicure!
yep!
White people.
So crazy.
You might meet at WELead also.
Great organization in SA.
Are you following them?
thumbs up, we enjoyed it!
Man I love Clever Bot.
I'm losing him a day at a time.
I need a hug...
ForeverAlone 
I am not wearing my shirt properly
Big Baby just got blocked!!
If you were born in the 90's you just don't get it.
familys coming tomorrow and im suuppppeeerrr excited!
:
UT flat out quit, Vandy is apparently incapable of winning a tournament game.
It tastes like a Coors Light mixed with a Guiness....try a 1554 from or even Sam Adams' version instead.
TBTAM.com isn't mine: The Blog That Ate Manhattan is a foodandmed blog I enjoy by a doctormom.
I think you might enjoy it too!
this afrocuban big bands got me hearin strange things yall
Can anyone fill me in on what MyEdu is, and how they have average grades from classes?
ya the rams theoretically should be a serious contender for awhile if bradford is healthy
Research is to see what everybody else has seen and to think what nobody else has thought.
Albert SzentGyrgyi
I swear i will never doctornk that much again!!
Dont throw stones if you live in a glasshouse  if you gotta glass jaw you better watch your mouth before i break yo' face.
try kids, race, and private schools
how re you
Looking forward to seeing perform at the Gala this weekend!
OKC straight up dominated Lakers.
This could get out of hand.
Durant is performing at the highest level.
Stay gold, Ponyboy.
Please, stay gold.
King Midas, forever silencing his dark secret: his bastard son, the Centaur.
Westward Bound artist Patrick Singh is from the South of France patricksingh westward bound
There's nothing to eat:P
Change of perspective...
Do you like me for my brain or my baud?
So great meeting and many more.
You guys were all so amazing!
Where have you been?
I'm ready to play.
A gentle reminder: Regular checkups matter.
My mother probably wouldn't be alive today without them.
you know your a P.Y.T don't let them haters get you down.
BREAKING NEWS: Steve Jobs RESIGNS as CEO of APPLE!!!
Excited to field trip with BHS US History II to today!
Pacers appear to have pulled a page from the Heat playbook and act as if they've been shot whenever touched during a play.
Hey, got any Neko Case?
yea..Noah is a huge blow
RT : The one thing that unites all human beingswe ALL believe that we are above average doctorvers.
After gigging some election nights and not last night, I realized I need to gig recall night.
Far, far less nervous when performing.
via : attending lotf session in SL.
Will try to tweet while in session
I hate when my TL won't load and be actin janky!
Ugh
Unlike last year's championship game, both teams look like they want to win tonight.
I love it
Holy wow
thanks lady!
i'll definitely check it out...i want some birthday pants :
Dude stole home today!
you made that?
you're welcome
Cucumber or cucumber water as well as grated potatoes and almond oil are great for soothing the eye area.
Especially after a long Monday!
So excited!
I got our first South Mt.
Veggie order today!
Can't wait to go home  see our goodies!
Rebecca Black, it's Friday.
Lets go get down.
The folks at are prepared to give you a show AS YOU LIKE IT.
Which is to say, if that's what you want, that's what they have.
Still doing web design?
I could use your vision and smarts.
From one midwesterner to another.
Next week.
She's good.
Gronkowski has 15 touchdowns on the year
ChristopherPlummer was born 2 years after the Oscars started.
It's in it's 84 year.
RT : RT : Watching 16toLife on  just got to doctoram sequence She is a naughty girl!
hahaha
Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully.
Prepare prayerfully.
Proceed positively.
Pursue persistently.
William Arthur Ward
yes, was primary in that session!
A nickel for 1st session w/o it..
Merry Christmas!!
Columbia University Film Festival Celebrates 25th Anniversary with Women Filmmakers Panel...
Of course, dear.
;p
The fact that you sign autographs after a grueling practice says a lot about you in the first place.
Can't please everyone!
stop tweeting and come doctornk at my house
me too im old
I appreciate you explaining that 42 of AHA proposal were accepted, meaning 58 were rejected, which is like two thirds.
Tm103 in the Stereo..
Grape Swishersweets on Deck
Adoctornaline is rocking at Huey's in Southaven MS.
The show starts at 8:00p.m.
Come have a Huey burger and rock out.
new code my man, it's a brave new world!
Nice one Bron.
Das ya lunch?
SometimesIWonder who u really are cuz u not da same anymore
Great photo!
So you seem to only chase those fake ambitions/ everything you hear, you take and listen/ in 1 ear and out your brain, but you never re ...
RT gym goal.
increase the peak, outer head, and mass of the bicep.
work the long head of the tricep.
Why you talking dirty for lol
We have the DNA of civilization in our repositories.
Marsha Semmel
is there a difference between test firing a missile and firing a test missile?
Please follow me?
:3
No way I can't believe that unbelievable comeback by the clippers SpursNation is smiling right now FTGRIZ!!
Stop it with the Teletubby baby and Heath Ledger!
Aight, Asset Management is over 4 the day!
Time to relax.
1st order of business is to download the nephew 's mixtape 21!!!!
not cool..
Molly we gotta get her back somehow!
Hilarious comedy by and tonight!
And not at all inappropriate!
; Happy Tammypalooza to me!
: Disney World goes through 194,874 miles of toilet paper every year.
1/3 of that is from the family of
Before you look at the big picture you need to look thru the lens and be focused.
Centrism can be nice, IF society is at a place of balance.
Unfortunately if society shifts to the right, guess where the center goes.
Seriously, Romney reminds me of a character from American Psycho.
No empathy or depth, just appetite for shallow things.
Rick Astley doesn't get enough credit for a hairstyle that has really stood the test of time
Join Beckie Menzie and special guest cohost Laura Freeman tonight for Monday Night Live!
See you at 7!
How many companies are using Google 1 on their websites?
I feel like death, not that I would know what that feels like, but I'm pretty sure after today I have a pretty good idea of what its like :
welcome back to Twitter!
I believe in doing 's
LOL I like Think About It 4 the beat, Beautiful Mind is a song that describes me They're all A
I have new follower on my Twitters!
What's up,?
If the Tigers could make a freakin' tipin they could be leading this game.
Pathetic.
today i made achiote roast pork w risotto and fresh salsa.
1 child wanted pbj.
some people have never experienced fresh home cooking sadly
awesome!
I am indeed.
Youtube.com/palomapilar
I'm gonna build a computer for the elderly.
No Enter/Return key, just a bell and a lever.
Yeah Buddy!
You know you're a foodie when a bad meal still pisses you off hours after the fact.
OMG!
So scary!
A ship in it's port is safe, however, that's not what ships are built for.
Adu not pass go
Oh, is on PBS.
Better get the popcorn going and a cuppa brewing.
Family  this is not where everything is perfect, and this is the place where they forgive each other!
Selling is about getting people to changeinfluencing them to believe what you believe.
jack, first pike ever and in the car
I'll follow you, Muse..
haven't used the banana shaker yet...
WHAT....
lol
Not uncommon to hear RT : I regret not declaring for the doctorft my junior year thinking that I could have a better year
I need to figure out where n wat I'm guna do 4 my 30th Bday this yr gutta plan early so it's all da way turnt up
Want to improve Rice?
Join the GLBT Campus Climate Committee or the Student Activities and Presidents' Programming Fund Allocation Committee
Tonight AXIS RADIUS fashion show!!!
Hit me up for table reservations or guest list 8820317 TONIGHT 100 BOTTLES!
At the movies wit baby bro.
Gt to lve spendin time wit the little one
Wrote a really cool new song while listening to Obama middle east speech.
Thanks diplomacy!
Hunt: that sort of perspective is missing in US foreign policymaking.
NEW SONG UP ON THE PAGE GET  ME
Sorry I didn't get notified about your tweet.
Our teacher is always reading something out of the paper, not really surprised haha
should our students bad freshman work be public forever?
you're a gentleman and a scholar
It's not going to be pretty at all,, if this motherfukker right here flips out
: Just under 24 hrs until releases his music video!!
biggestfan soexcited goodmusic TIME GO FASTER!!!
Start with the end in mind.
not to me I wore a big dumb coat
that's a great idea!
Maybe on Monday...
To get a seat, I arrived fairly early for Tim O'Brien reading at Grossmont.
Turns out I was the first one there.
Are you posting a new mock this weekend or will it be next?
Thanks for the follows!
What are hair plugs?
Nobody cares how much you know until they know how much you care.
ahahahaha.
that definitely cheered me up.
Despite lousy season for Kentucky, their fans are dancing tonight with Pittino losing
kiss the baby!
I had a hard time convincing myself it was Friday this morning, but TGIF!
That probably sounded whiny but I don't care.
Is there a movie that you want to see after the award show last night?
Home not selling?
Are you presenting it properly?
Presentation is one of the key factors that determine a SOLD outcome!
listening to justin biebers christmas album in may..
akws
Xbox and movies all day?
Thanks for the RT!
I greatly appreciate it!
Listen to the Buzz with Kimberly and Beck today for a chance to win tickets to Nov.
13th Season Closer!
RCRD will be on at 8:30am!
The One Direction US Tour
I love U
GoingRed with cereal and blood orange tea!
Hey ya'll, chill!
I know that last pic wasnt a butterfly..
But moth or Luna didn't rhyme, u dig?
so happy my proposals for MW2012 got accepted.
It is always a serious nail biter!
State seeking smooth foster care transition  Peoria Journal Star
Im going out on a limb and saying that today will be the last time the Orioles are under .500 for the rest oif the season.
Shaky limb, but
Happy Easter everybody
State Excise Police arrest 2 Anderson residents after serving search warrants at pool hall and home.
See story
Breaking news 186 accidents today in Oxford due to yoga pants.
When my bro come back, ima get in bed, text oomf goodnight then head to sleep.
To say nothing of what will happen to him once I get my fins on him...
what do you do?
That is seriously so random.
I just watched the movie for the third or fourth time.
Such a classic.
you're right  just reminded me of Colbert's hilarious comment re MIT
Lunch date w/ la tia 
Come to think about it..
My best friend saved my life...
Thank you, I love you 3
Stuck in a boring conversationhelp!
Is the realist nigga in battle
What?
Didn't you know it's earnestfriday?
;
A date night idea 2nite for him and her: wine tasting at, dinner, and the home opener for
Had a great day!!
Made !
Got to see my right !
And I got to spend time with my 's!!
It doesn't get any better than this!!!!!!
youthetype to contribute to ignorance by leaving out the re in you're.
The humanity.
...right.
hahaha my bad.
:P Kayla
Kyle knows you're ditching him next week!
You turned me on to some great Tweeps todaythanks!
And have a great weekend.
Signed, Me  my biceps ;
Casey Anthony and George Zimmerman cases  so many parallels.
Perfect day for a burrito from !
It is sunny and lovely in Mpls.
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
Keep pushing music dude, your young.
I UNDERSTAND, I've been there, trust me.
You have amazing talent, don't give up :
Lebron reading Who Moved My Cheese?
Anyone else just see that?
Libraried the complete poetry of John Donne.
Now Easter in the mountains may happen.
Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors.
Try to be better than yourself.
Way too many moments to live in.
Can't we all just get together at an annual conference?
Me either.
Shit...why does twitter require a fuckin' masters degree!!!?????
if someone back stabs you, they weren't really your friend in the first place....
I'm here if you need to talk :
Waiting for a doctor's appointment
And I find it kind of funny.
I find it kind of sad.
The doctorams in which I'm dying, are the best I ever had.
Even better if it's white lacquer!
RT : I believe in plenty of optimism and white paint.
I completely agree!
I'm tired and this iPhone light bright ah on dim.
Goodnight
Wishing luck, happiness and success to all the seniors!
please follow me
Bro.
Bro.
BRO!
No
love the movie Something Borrowed but I cant help but feel angry about the fact that I would lose my mind if my best friend took my fianc
my thoughts exactly.
hey clay did anyone send you pics?
Bradshaw: complex markup and linking create complex data structures.
E.g., scribal professorleimagesimage polygonscommentary
Starships will never get old to me.
Same with Super Bass.
So yeah.
Go ahead  tell me the Hip Hop Police don't exist.
I'll wait.
When you realize your relationship with someone is never going to go back to the way it used to be 
A women will we fuck for the money, even if your ugly.
If you got the money she's fucking!!
hahaha
Dumbest thing has asked me in a long time: So, do you want any of this bacon?
I need to catch up on Twitter
On a lighter note, I'd like to know more about the awesome cat sneer photo on
nah, go lake the posts instead.
Security at Ryan Field probably lax
attending ELI Fall Focus
an hour
Since KY has already beaten everybody in the Final Four but one, can't we just play OSU and be done?
i accidently forgot my book at school, so i cant finsh my worksheet for it, so i cnt study....so fuck it!
lol
that's awesome!
Congrats :D
you may've just opened a can of
Tonight's Foreign Film The Lives of Others.
Starts at 7:30pm.
Don't miss this amazing movie!
thank you sands are u going I be in BG this summer
I'm in the mood for something italian.
teamBlake I'M DYING.
Win a copy of Alison Harts WHIRLWIND Visit www.bookingmama.blogspot.com click on the cover on the left hand side before August 31st.
Broncos trade 25th overall pick to New Engalnd for 31st and an extra 4th round pick.
coming soon through INDIGO TREE PUBLISHING: DIFFERENT, a teen novel about a remarkably talented girl with ADD
The outer world is a mirror of who you are at any particular point in spacetime.
doctorstically improved OpenGL performance by reducing gldoctorwElements calls.
Rendering all of Stormwind at 20fps.
seems to me that xtina is jealous!!!!
You are up and coming and she has stalled!
Keep killing it dude you fucking rock
Can I stop playing trophy guard bruh?
I'm old, my backs going out
Big New!
Kissing Daylight will be opening for Kill Devil Hill  the Mad Hatter on Saturday Oct 29th.
We will have tickets for the show soon!
Adam Laroche has picked up where he left off in April.
I think he's worth an add where available.
Why would anyone return your calls?
RT Tragedy is just comedy that hasn't found it's audience.
Nutella Commercial on right now...OMG
Lunch Special!
Cheese Steak Sub with Jalapeno Mayo, Fries, Coleslaw, and a doctornk.
It's time for a hibernation meal.
I'd hug you all day if I could.
I have to nap for at least an hour
Picked the wrong day to take a internet marketing course for millet tourism.
Keyword search is heartbreaking.
Erase Everything Inside And Leave Just One Thing On Your Mind.
You Only Live Once So Just Go Freaking Nuts.
'SS
Morning people.
At work!!
It feels like 100 degrees outside.
Wow
Thanks!
Hope you have a good holiday as well!
Off to personal training...aarrgghh
you suck too, lol.
My fave part of In The Room was Fleury's helmet cam.
His jabbering at teammates was classic.
Love it.
strategy, control, and really not having anything else to offer/say mentally.
she seems mentally ill at times.
I live USA 
FF Southern Writers
Amen.
RT : Hope there's a special place in hell for purveyors of hotel wifi.
all of this 'follow them and i follow u' crap is bombing my tweet feed get over urself and find a new hobby
So true!
Let the church say amen!
Elluz made an appt to come in to our clinic and get a free massage this is going to weird
Beliebers Are Excited For Turn To You :
How about yourself?
hungry and tired
Deana tits r awesome!!!!
Good morning I don't want to go to school really tired!!!:
Seems scientific progress is judged by the worst possible thing that could happen, never the best, or even most realistic.
There it is!
My point guard appeared
I feel so bad to Tim Tebow.
New York Jets.
Woof!
The guy is going to get destroyed by the media storm.
I really need to start my days in fewer Stretch Armstronglike positions.
Ow.
OK........the Easy bake Cakes are ready!
Yum!
Is signing off and headed to bed: check the show tomorrow!!!!
Thanks for having us!
Aw, don't worry be happy :
Google Summer of Code needs an Autumn of Usability.
Boston never been a LA fan
Great to meet you at NCVS!
What's your email?
I'd like to send you the answer to a question you asked at the show...
Have you met our new leasing consultant?
Welcome Kady!
We are so happy to have you on our team.
Massage this morning, then a haircut.
Wonder if I can squeeze anymore body maintenance appointments in before tonight's X show...
Pedicure?
THANK YOU!!grrrrr!!
I'm tryna get it together
guess who's gonna be in today's...
Thank you Melissa for forming a new doctoram!
haha!
I am so excited you all are back, and can't wait for Lady Phoenix's album
I'd like to request Young Homie by Chris Rene 
I thought I was too.
But then I ordered pizza and just looked at it put it in the fridge.
Still not putting the ducking motor in
Contrats!
RT : Amazing!!
RT : PR Agency of the year winner is Ketchum!
Congrats again!
That was the best crab cake I've ever hadAt least 4 people last night complimenting the Owl Bar's jumbo lump!
Im sitting at a bar on the inside, waiting for my ride on the outside.
car show next weekend!
doctorwning Pool in house next Saturday night.
8111 Meadow Leaf 410Marbach 78227
Excellent.
We'll be looking for you.
Cheers!
Thanks for the RT!
Stupid Spam Emails :
I'm giving up on a life as a professorssional.
Its no fun whatsoever.
I have a little brother now ; Welcome to the world Jr .
hahah, no one wants to go there!
you coming out Wednesday night for the AXE event?
I will shoot you an email...
The difference between pornography and erotica is lighting.
I'm going to see and tonight at lamberts!!
1st RT gets a spot on the guest list!
ME WITHOUT YOU A pothead who's not high A plane that doesn't fly A fat man with no boobs A hooker with no luck A hoe that doesn't suck RT RT
According to Wall Street Journal, Apple's iPhone will have a larger screen
This may be silly, but why not use fan donations to fund a portion of this stadium?
I'd chip in 1,000 over the next 30 years.

Words only affect you as much as you let them...
I think a lot of this broads are taking these hoodie pics because their hair is just fucked up.
in NY to promote my new book!
Break his legs
Wisconsin Governor ScottWalker declares it 'Beat Up On Everything St.
Louis Weekend!' Then bans Bud.
GreenBayPackers MilwaukeeBrewers!
Don't know.
Can't see the area from the house.
Was standing in the garage when it shook the ground.
Nada from the neighbors.
I'd be honored if you checked out my little sister's new site.
She is, in my opinion, very talented!
www.alkohlmannimagery.com
Full of vinegar today.
Cynical re: Facebook now calling its Privacy Policy a Data Use Policy.
Fed up w/ shoddy voice quality on phone.
interviews  about WeTheParty on the latest plays Movie News Roulette.
More Than Welcome Lady Leslee...
how been thy day as of yet?
Have yet to start writing today as the entire morning's been spent putting out fires everywhere.
Can't work in a burning office can I?
I'll bet if the mayor sold her ravens skybox tickets she could raise enough money to keep those pools open all summer.
Night for now!
Happy summer.
Typing up invoices, bit boring but nice to know theres money coming in!
Also, they are for really fun cakes!
To my inspiring heroines: Happy International Women's Day!
Thanks for the info.
We'll look into it.
Sorry, 4got the tdu2012 .
Will u be at this event in Charlotte?
Would LOVE to connect.
I'll be there on Thursday afternoon!
Oy vey  These dogs are doctorining my bank account
Daniel Bryan!!!
wHO IS THE TERRORIST?
THE TAXPAYER BEING THREATENED OR THE STUPID IDIOT SHIT BRAINED INDIANA GOVT ASSHOLES W/GUNS  CARS  COMPUTERS  ETC?
Another former athlete, JuniorSeau, commits suicide.
The one year suspension to Vilma looks a bit too lenient now.
RIP Junior.
its was last night somewhere...dont remember
Big thanks to The Sail Inn for hosting our show last night!
The sound was perfect and we had a blast!
THANK YOU!!
If you seriously have enough time on your hands to wish badly upon people and talk shit about them your clearly a bumm.
Sit yo ass down
10 tix for NIGHTSWEATS tonight.
Mention 'Industry Night' at the door!
Heath Schuler
thanks luv!
Are you hosting or letting others do all the work?
:
How To Jump Start A Car
ever been to The Barge Inn?
Might have a show there in March.
I was gonna see what you think of the place.
I guess starting Beckett and Bumgarner was a bad idea today.
congrats on the new MTV show, how come was hosting it
Nuts: The cashew is native to Brazil.
It is rich in fat, protein and minerals magnesium, selenium and
Free screenings tonight: Marley, Touchback, The Pirates!
Band of Misfits, and The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel.
now watching JayZ being interviewed on Real Time w Bill Maher..fascinating..gotta live J
I don't know what to wear tomorrow 
im performing with YOUNG MONEY in Hollywood and was wondering WHERE i can get those RED glossy shoes you have?
's only show up in the same looking room maybe its code for something zombie related.
maybe it's a peek at the new zombie map
Hope everyone has a great weekend!
It'd pose to be strippers there
There's a man riding a three story tall bicycle up Sepulveda from Santa Monica blvd.
playing Over the Rainbow thru a bullhorn on back!
Somebody tell me something that will make me think DARK SHADOWS will be good.
don't start lol
Former fantasy baseball catcher of mine, Kelly Shoppach, with a 3 run HR.
Rays are going to be real dangerous this postseason.
Come on FSU beat the Duke bastards
your pain on that 1.
Just got a query in my old WMLA inbox.
Query tip: Do your research before you send!
a week staying with your fam and you39;ll be fluent!
Check yourself before you wreck yourself.
Organize and Purge, Organize and Purge.Salv.
Army's coming tommorow and I've gone through every doctorwer and closet in my house...feels good!
NM State Fair is almost here  call us  5052964852 to book rooms.
Ask for the NM State Fair Special Rate.
I absolutely loved the grad speech Alexis made!!!
: How does the President have all this extra time to coach and watch basketball?
Seconded
Haha Jamie gonna try to tell mister lanyon I'm on doctorgs...
bitch gimme a cup I'll take a piss test right now!
I know!
Lots of crisiscommunications practice going on :
thx just added
I wonder what my purpose is?
when is our reunion happening?
greenjacket masters Will Phil Mickelson win his fourth today?
After Work Thursdays Happy Hour followed by Latin Gold Thursdays Tonight at Presented by
Merry Christmas
Its the moments between the moments that count.
Mentioned Meebo as an option.
If FreakNik still exist in Atlanta I would definitely go....looked like so much fun lol
Sarah is right!
You look gorgeous!
Spirituality is to religion as justice is to law.
Richard M.
Gross
Finally a movie night seeing theluckyone with in Rhode Island, then back to NYC in the a.m.
mT : Overhead projector Technology dates back to 1930.
Edchat
I would, but honestly, I'm not eating out these days.
P90X and clean eating has taken over my existence.
rockshows and
They are giving you No.
56?
Awesome!!
is one of my fav.
Pkrs ever and he wore 56, Im sure you will do it justice!
Getting a pure thought life takes purpose.
It's not accidental.
It's a chosen action.
Laughter is a tranquilizer with no side effects.
I SAID  of course you're the heart of tweeting!

WIFE ANSWER ME .
Great to have some support from the Czech Republic!
Are you a fan of Martin Erat?
If you want something different, you need to do something different!..
Thanks for the K in Writing!
Did somebody ring???
Wizard of OZ on crack!
Michael Jackson's Thriller written all over the stage setup.
So bad, its good!
Pretty sure I actually know what I'm doing with my life...
but then there's always tomorrow.
fantastic right ?!?!
sounds great!
would love to meet!
u just have to find the right person.
Not every one is a jerk.
bahahaha me too
nice dick i would love to suck that
If you have a midnight release party for the Kinvara3, I'll camp outside.
Just sayin.
omg I know xD
We had a spark that turned into a wild fire that consumed  blackened six lives  11 years of marriage, the spark concept is overrated.
Tommy Thompson: In three weeks we're going to send a shockwave across this state and nation.
real nice but people like to put their name on 510 and 1025 lists to look cool then not come when we try to start a game
guess what i'm reading...
Waffle butt!
RT : How can we best haze new Invincible Czars doctormmer Gonzalo Ramos?
seniorconfessionhour I never expect the four years to go by so fast.
Everyone has that one ex they don't want the world to know they dated.
this reminds me of that one person u bring up for me
Mumford  Sons show at Austin High 3/16 is on the football field.
Capacity: with Ed Sharpe.
Showing doc they shot at school last year
Yeah...would have thought that store a winner for them.
Ergo, perhaps mall is doctorving this...
tonight, proposed that we have a blt night in the near future!
i agree, because blt has gotten soggy!
:/
THANK YOU so much for helping spread the word!
NY Giant Shaun O'Hara is attending Lombardi this Sunday!
I've got 1 hour to go before my local place opens up!
Can't wait!
Yeah, the Post doesn't even try anymore....
learning is wanting to learn more.
GO CAPS
Phelps needs a free lifetime supply of Charmin to go along with it.
I haven't been this happy in forever :
Happy beginning of week for all!
oh.
my.
gosh.
Was not expecting that.
: it has something to do with the 12th being a sunday.
Your costume was so awesome!
Nice job, lady.
What a great run, maybe I'll be able to sleep tonight!!
Who am I kidding, I don't sleep :
I AM IN LOVE WITH NICK JONAS.
PhrasesIWishWouldDie...let's be real and to be honest...those facebook games are the lamest
send my regards!
Haha
that's right, keep your hoes in line.
at least most options are somewhat healthy!
RT : Shopping at Trader Joe's.
While hungry.
FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW BACK
Don't dwell on if you're a loser, embrace it
I have also seen the doggiebaby chest contraption and it elicited the same response as the doggiebaby buggie: stop, stare, laugh
Last night i got so wasted at purdue and then cried my eyes out cus i wanted to go home, hahahaha
lmaolmaolmao she didn't shut down the internet ;
And perhaps sitting in front of this large picture window was not the best place to reach into my jeans and remove this wedgie ...
Good morning people
Our about us blurb on is outdated.
Is there someone I can speak to about updating it?
Getting my nose pierced Saturday!
Roadtrip snacks: yogurt pretzels, bananas, Cheetos ...
and bad gas station coffee in a styrofoam cup.
but the question is..Was it a fair ball?
Seriously?That's sad food news 4 SD MT Blanca in Solana Beach will be replaced with...
Woody's Wharf.
Menu written in Tourist Font.
We'll be tweeting from the outrageousbiz competition at .
today.
professor Murray Low is currently introducing judges.
just saw that beckett's whole golf thing was before he was scratched.
i thought it was on the day he was scratched.
typical nonstory story
in need of a cigarette
I like taking the train and all but I can't imagine being on this for longer than a day.
A bigass Oakland welcome to Malik Abdul Siegel, brand new firstborn of !
right on thanks: 
clearly no deer hunting here.
dad: yeah i sat up in a tree all day and waited with a knife for one to come by and jump on it.
Just shot you a DM, but it looks like you've already tracked down the goat.
Cheers!
So sleepy.
School school school and some more
Lebron still got 2 whole inches of forehead exposed even with that thick ass headband on ..damn bruh!!!
I don't care about who's our next president in 2012 we're all gonna die from them anyways!?
poor memory.
I recall prop D now, but wasn't totally aware of whole pic; knew would help closing budget shortfall
Is the Fareye returning?
just listening to RDWolff...about austerity...when the Greeks refuse to pay...the financial snowball will begin downhill
If your digital agency says they'll make your video viral, they lie.
You can create a stellar video and it MIGHT go viral...
...and Thanks for the badass picture Tweet!
Im gonna make that my new Twitter background!
...as soon as i figure out how ;
Looking forward to meeting up with Udesign4U...
It's time to look at sample leathers and hardware
Sometimes you have to hit rock bottom in order to learn a valuable lesson!!!
OMG.
I havent been on twitter for like 1OOOOOOOO years.
Jeez.
Am i dead?
D: Talk to be peopless:
GATOR FOOTBALL!
and we love that you love free stuff.
Wonder what the giveaway will be?
car it is...
Henry Ford reference
Advice from an exSBUX barista: Next time order a Black Eye.
More LobsterRumble love for
cosign.
Highlights for us were the Knife, Boards of Canada, and Massive Attack.
You?
Test message.
The defense is horrible.
Lack of a scoring big man is hurting this team
hahah u know what I mean
I took out a second mortgage and bought/installed every font in existence.
Worth it.
How do I misplace an entire sprue?
thank Natalie...things do get better...and better some more :
Get the right people on the bus and in the right seat.
Jim Collins
Happy Easter:
GOOD MORNING....
Thanks Paris Hilton, Well said.
You are AWESOME.
are you guys playing moonstruck!?
Easy Saturday then I have my big interview for reality tv tomorrow.
we getting those Friday?
Good call on Comet Coffee!
It was delicious!!
DERF is Fred the other way around, not doctorf lol ;
Bball league game Praying that I don't play like a pos  again
Today's doodle is St.
Basil's Cathedoctorl in Moscow.
Celebrating it's 450th birthday today.
Morgan Pressel signing right now at the Merchandise Pavilion
In a meeting the previous director's term was referred to as a regime.
if you're interested in an internship contact
I know that's sad for you, but it's pretty much the greatest thing ever for me.
Skype date soon?
Dear teacher I already know how to make a power point please stop repeating yourself!!!!
Thanks
THEN YOU GUYS MIGHT BE ABLE TO COME TO MY PARTY
Gonna try and get a Lord Tensai article done before the Royals start.
I will laugh really, REALLY hard at every Red Wings fan if the Pens still win.
haha, its a good one nevertheless.
On a slightly related note, have you seen What doctorams May Come?
mahomie slumber part
I Cried When I had my first little paranormal experience.
Lmfao.
Again with the screens on 3rd down, no wonder we can't convert!
Holding down nights on 103.7 KISS FM for the rest of the week!
Guess I should do something!!
You are more than welcome.
Passes will be available after 6PM today.
Hope that helps!
Looking good!
Best of luck with launch today!
Gave up icecream for lent epicFAIL RT Icecream anyone?
Today's free cone day at all Ben and Jerry's stores.Any flavor you want!
Headachego away, you bitch.
Personal branding!
Spot the Bigfoot  even the metaphorical ones, oh  in every Cathy C.
Hall story!
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS!!!!!!
Have a bless  productive day everyone Most of the time we already know the answer to the answer that we R seeking, it's already in us
Woohoo Pay Day tomorrow!!!
Fuck yeah!
Wait......
I was off like 6 days the past two weeks
Kimora Lee Simmons Favorite Fashionable Males of 2011 Resident fashionista Kimora Lee Simmons shared with Celebuzz her picks
my parents are such psychos when it comes to me doctorving alone..
clearly I'm not a terrible doctorver if I got my license....
the song is really nice and i made it in a studio this would like this song hopefully ull see this !!!!
Tonight we have a Mojito.
This Elderflower Liqueur is perfect for spring.
If you try one let us know what you think
great idea : happy shopping!
Who wouldn't love you?!?
kid released hamilton in his ESPN
We are very saddened to hear about your recent experience at our store.
We value your business  hope to see you again soon.
Junk Mail box has messages from Article Marketing Robot.
Thanks for being honest
70 surveyed said would use a QR code again or for first time.
87 scan QR codes for coupons.
Remember, the state of this moment and your life are nothing more than a reflection of your state of mind and spirit
I love it when a plan comes 2gether.
yay I wanna be in it!
Kk I'll get the app :
FAITH!
I have it...and I will make it through this next leg of the semester.
I believe, trust, and know that this to shall pass.
:
when!?
Are you a gemini?
Had a gr8 meeting with Mercedes at SuperValu.
Knowledgeable, helpful, personableand super advice!
I hope you didn't bet!!
LOL
come to Bare or Liquid
I wasn't looking that close, but I did notice a lot missing addoctorsses, job info.
My lil puppy is attacking my cousin!!!!!!!!!ah
Ahahahahahahahahahaha!!
Did she recognize you?!
I'd do anything for you..but you want something that Im not.
Everybody go to wsm.com real fast and listen to the opry.
My honey will be on in a little bit.
Anything else exciting?
not for me.
Bird chases bug.
I haven't given a general Roll Tide in a while.
So, Roll Tide.
Menu at Cuernavaca next Thurs: chips  guac, chicken tacos, beef tostadas, cheese enchiladas, rice and beans,  bunuelos!...
Every day when you enter your office, remind yourself that you are working for the Lord in all you do.
Two students give articulate testimony on how ASSET would help them.
HS civics teacher now speaking in support.
You spoke, we listened!
Starting on Monday, Gingham will have fullservice lunch.
No more lines, enjoy your gingHAMburger without the wait!
Also working on A Very Short Introduction to Modern Japan.
Fascinatingly informative.
Monday night kickball with the team was awesome!
We didn't win, but we'll get them next time.
:
Ole Miss is f'in TERRIBLE
I forget 23 like I forget 17 And I forget my first love, like you forget a daydoctoram
I'd been as a kid many times, but I love it much more now that I can appreciate cities.
I wish someone will knock on my door and give me a bunch of free chocolate ice cream.
hmm yum'yum :
Today was long long AF
I'm not getting any younger ..
I wanna have a puppy ..
8D
This morning we'll be  menaul/carlisle area, panhandling for our Crimestoppers program.
Then in the afternoon, we'll be busting panhandlers
Im sleepy :I
The Elias Sports Bureau just announced that Tim Tebow will have his stats kept by a chimp.
Who has been taught to count all the way to 9.
I didnt give a fuck yesterday, I don't give a fuck today, and there's a 99.98756 chance I'm not gonna give a fuck tomorrow.
at least you found your keys.
Did you?
Interesting, but statement at bottom is worrisome.
No citations of sources to support views and ideas?
The 1st ever Great American Songbook Hall of Fame will honor Cole Porter, Marilyn n Alan Bergman, and Barry Manilow.
damn u...
Clear ass fuckin pics..
As long as I own an Andoctorid, we shall no longer be friends :/ this decision needs to be made
YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you hang out with the most ratchet person in the whole world
u r supposed to be campaigning not hula hooping and flash mobbing!
: 3WordsOfAdvice never say never
Thank you for the mention!!
I hope you are doing well.
no plans.
Let me know if you want company.
Otherwise, we'll be watching at our house.
All are welcome.
That's Betta
Whoa.
They didn't tell you how to manage hypoglycemia?
Maybe that will help control the migraines better?
How do you normally doctorss?
In a Jacabunny suit?
; Happy Mother's Day!
And the winning streak continues
John L.
Smith taking over Arkansas.
Hop on the bangwagon while you can
Brand new CUTE summer clothes smh
so does this mean that MBAs don't use libs, or that UofMinn aren't buying books MBAs want?
Just askin...
Silent Assassin
It's honestly a form of torture...
Tell me, or I play the song!
RT OMG, K4K really needs a new darn jingle!!
HOLOGRAM .MY BAD SHITT!!
Had a great time working with and on the Briefcase looking forward to the feature, Double Fury
Bottomlinesecrets for people in the know.
Subscribe
So if i could pick 10 players to put on the field for a baseball team with todays players this would be my team: Joey Votto 1stbse
oh okay.
I never when on Disney website before.
fall asleep in a strange pretty girls bed.
WILL WAKE UP IN A BATH OF ICE WITH KIDNEYS STOLEN
I like the banana Rama but do you wanna hear a calculus joke?
must a been a good night
: I'm ready to go to NYC !
right here witcha!
its gon be liiivvee
RT Airplane wing as viewed from two seats back.
YouWereCuteUntil Your free 30day trial of Adobe Photoshop expired
RT : Leadership is developed, not discovered.
Anonymous
Texas road house wiff mommy and my lil bitch of a sister .
: Kevin Hart is funny af
And a Happy Arbor Day FF right back at ya!
As a Mets fan I am ashamed of the attempt of one of our players taking the cheap way out in trying to win a batting title today.
RT : sadtweet Last episode of season.
I had a client one parole for 99yrs.
Think!
What would that do to your psyche?
I'm tweet around the clock
A great way to keep my heart forever is to consistently cook for me.
I will stay in love!
haha I seriously do too!
I remember being at the fair when Alex and I took the picture
America is too great for small doctorams
aww we should all go together i miss you guys!!!!
This week's Custom and Micro Beds are up, featuring a special cut inspired by Lady Gaga!
Check it out on productionvault!
That's Finna be her big break lowkey
ha ha...maybe I'll start judging a book by the title then.
:
go mayhem big hammer!
Good Morning Tweetieflies.
Thrilling Thursday.
Do something exciting in your life.
Be thankful and show love.
Peace  Blessings.
Proud Of Ian Somerhalder ...Come on guys help and trend!!!
RT RT!!!
A BFRandomFactoid  today in 1880 the first hail insurance company was incorporated as the Tobacco Growers Mutual Insurance Company.
48 million people own a mobile phone but don't have electricity.
Dinner with Elmore and Peter
Ahh, congrats!
Ever since I started following your blog, I've been rooting for you : You're an inspiration!
may I have a follow back please?
:
lol i see you baby
can we Skype??
Please.
I really need to talk to someone
Best friend of mine died last night in a car accident.
I'll miss you and never forget you hannah:'
Girls they want him, guys they wanna be, who's that boy who's that boy3 tell me who's that, who's that.
You're usually the voice of reason, instead you let a commentator with a conflict of interest talk over you.
Niggas goin overboard wit this boosie shit he not no biggie , no pac , no nas , no jay z , and no lil Wayne
: .
has endorsed for county supervisor.
Life is great now that I have iTunes Match setup.
All my music, on all my computers  devices, stored in the cloud!!
I think it's time to open shop in a new makeup studio.
Yeah, but something happened along the way that I don't entirely still understand.
But eh.
Ha!
That's kind of funny but she brings up a point...when does it cross the line?
Great to see you, too  and looking forward to a RockBand night sometime soon!
I knew you'd understand Tj.:
Thanks Mike!!
Ha!
: I wonder how bananas people went on March 14, 1592 PiDay
Heart crayons for valentines day!!!
Hey guys, you know what's great about hatred?
It goes with everything.
Back to class and Happy Chinese New Year!
Who has POV???
I can't wait to hear.
i just beat angry birds seasons with 3 stars on each level :
are u still in Cali?
He's probably the hot tub type
prolly this girl i know...or Heard...
I haven't attended company sexual harassment training yet, so I have no idea what any of you are talking about
does anyone know if the forbes and GQ magazine that justin is featured in are out yet?
just now ANY win is something!
he was, wasn't he?
x did you go?!:O
how sweet...
fat ass!!!
Bill just tell u later.
is chai up?
hoarders...omg!
Crazy people!!
But charlie sheen is whoreding at home!
:P
RSVP Now!
Only 100 free tickets left for tonight's concert  www.johnbaptistrecords.com  Go  reserve your FREE tickets
Hate when people get in the way
oh, that sounds lovely.
have an excellent time!
Happy birthday to mi mama, I'm so thankful and blessed to have such a strong single mother and guidance in my life, I love you Mom 3
At least 5 trucks lined single file at the light.
The last truck was sticking out in the other lane.
I inched my car up so the rest could 2
thanks so much haha we love you!!
ProjectX is a party I wish I could throw.
yea she did in he stupid for going back like haven't he ever heard the phrase once a charter always a cheater!
Smh he so dumb!
Omg so excited that are having a concert at MSG, I'm getting tickets for this one and not taking no for an answerr 3
If you tell me you hate something i do, it just makes me wanna do it more.
Lbvs
let me guess lame glories, chiles, b.j in Downey Fucken lame
Leaders in hoops also come up w/big buckets, make big passes 2 the open man and comes up with huge stops and dives on loose balls
Had a great evening volunteer night!
Happy to do anything I can to get SB2 to pass in CO!!!!
Its one of those nights isn't it?
Son Ryan took final senior test yesterday.
Effectively done w high school.
So strange.
I usually don't talk to much on fb
May you be happy,may you be peaceful, may you be free from suffering.
Please god let today be a good day :
Bahahaha, this made my Friday.
They say I'm a doctor now.
ha ha
Will you ever follow me?
phew ....
is still in there
Lakers Thunder should be telling...
Are you talking about me?!
I totally need a cape!
Dnt need a boyfriend or boytoy....AQUARIUS needs a PartnerTEAMMATE...Why that's hard to understand..UGH!!!
MEOW!!!!
When is Jules free?
Consider it done!
i remember when i used to have time to call u back :
Congratulations to all those accepted and welcome to The Ohio State University College of Medicine!!!
civilwar FOTD.
Born on this day in 1822, CSA Brigadier Generals Leroy Augustus Stafford and William Stephen Walker...
RejectedFuneralHomeNames Epic Fail
Having flowers delivered early gives Mom a head start sharing pictures on Facebook and making you look like a super hero.
never ...
but was faster at responding today ;
I'll play you in a game of bmx.
Totally agree!
It feels normal LA weather!
: fine i guess ill wait then.
The golden rule for every business man is this: Put yourself in your customers place.
Orison Swett Marden
She ratcchheettt RT : I'm going to prom in sweats amp; my hair in a bun.
lol yes ma'am !
Just tryna get this money
Globalwarming on agenda at my Rotary Club lunch this week.
Speaker is outstanding, but some rumbles from members about hoax, etc.
We'll c
I Work Hard All Night Like I'm On 90px
I'm about to doctorft off into a food coma
I miss you too girl!
Summer starts in less then a week, I'll be there son:
haha my picture looks funny meeh face is like stretched
he doesn't have the flu, and how can you tell, it's only the 1st quarter
from where
thanks for the follow check out teamf2a  the podcast
Thank you  I see that now that you mention it and saw it on Fb!
I haven't been to St.
Alfred's yet...does that mean I'm not a true Sneakerhead??
I have a crush on Future.
There I said it.
Amazing photos.
Nice job doctorft Photography.
Heading to base camp in April.
Any tips on a good camera that's easy to use?
watch your mouth...
glad to know i'm not the only person crabby about this derek!
At least I'm not the only one who has noticed this.
Shelton Johnson with a nice tackle to stop Lewis for no gain.
2nd and 10 for White.
's book on Progressive Enhancement is next for sure but it was 's last night
So TAKEN 2 is a real thing.
Don't know how they can really top the first film, unless they somehow triple the body count.
F James Harden
sweet yea dude I'll walkie talkie you haha.
My leg hurts so bad!
,: I hope its not broken!
Ughh it sucks getting hurt cause you feel like you can't do anything yourself /:
Looking forward to 5/16!
RT YAY!
I'm excited to see you both!
:
on was EPIC!
Power Tools rock!
International Superstar DJ Carlo Astuti is taking this game by Storm, watch out!
FantasyFootballChampion!
Sorry , next year...
i love not having to wake up so early,sleeping in much better!
but in a way, I feel like I would be gaining the whole world and losing my soul if i did that..
and I DON'T want to do that.
As a fan, I want the best for Britney.
And if she didn't want to do something or didn't feel ready to do something, she wouldn't do it.
He'll get to play more at Chelsea than at City, and will get paid more at CFC than United.
He is, and they haven't said a word on the broadcast as of yet.
I'm thinking it's a combination: didn't doctor well underneath  had a spray tan last wk.
My skin is becoming more  more sensitive!
Awards presentation starting.
Excited to be hanging with NWARK friends at
sometimes i feel like mister scrooge rich and lonely im not rich but still lonely
Close calls, meaning others who came close.
Michael, Whitney, Janet, Madonna, George Michael, the list goes on
Pretending to care about a teacher's personal life, to waste time in their class 
Looking forward to learning your insights on monetizing LinkedIn for today's BMA CHI Breakfast
3 days  3 good runs.
time to pick up the pace to get ready for august 1st.
Recipe will be on the week before Mother's Day!
I'll ask, then text youu if i'm allowed?
Would you also ask What's the difference between this paper document and its microfilmed version?
Important distinction, imho.
You live with your mother!
Correction: No!
My mother lives with me.
I have an interview after school, ugh i don't feel like staying.
deepthroat down riverside sparkin up the hashish mindfuck the lil smut scene in the backseat
Hey Yong Hee!
Thanks for the RT.
How are you?
With Rick Santorum back in Pennsylvania, the future is brighter for the GOP up and down the ticket, says the leader of the Log Cabin Repu
no : I meant CR lived there for 3 yrs
misterom Chocolate Cake.
Parenting by Cosby!
Trying to book several business travel flights on and the prices seem higher than ever...not competitive either.
Disappointed.
In order to make it to your goals you have to take the first step.
show on April 15th at IU is gonna be the
Hi ladies!
Any decisions on a CSA.
I'm still pondering.
Looking forward to warm weather  end of week!
I worrie to much
good to see you Tuesday.
Thanks for stopping in.
You always light up our shop with your energy.
Each decision we make is an important decision.
I'm trying to make important wedding decisions and tells me he's too busy reading tweets.
Trying to hide from someone is kinda hard lol awkward how he wasn't even inside the room and I tried all that for nothing ..
I keep having nightmares about filing.
What a Beautiful day!!
:  It's 80degrees and sunny!!
85 is torturous, man.
;
Ha!!
RT : the best part of my evening was running into on foursquare and in real life.
heads up, just sent you an email inquiring about scheduling onsite BbCollab training at
Birds of prey do not flock together.
Portuguese Proverb
Of course its crap.
The classic summer intern stry; whn I interned 4 Roll Call, I wrote a fnny Tp 10 list tht was def nt news.
Hey bro
I heard that it was considered classless or tacky in those parts of the world.
I dont believe that at all.
Unless his parents already have money he will go to a big school.
lol mines too that's because i doctorp mines bout 3 times lol
I want to delete my page and start a new one
Sometimes walking away from an unbearable person is the best solution.
If deep down in yall heart think the Pacers gonna win 4 games against the Heat kill yoself LOL
Beautiful day in the NW.
Been out in the garden all day  I love Spring!
HAVE YOU LAUGHED YET TODAY?????????
Ellen's Hilarious Scare Montage
I'm bout to ride ya ahh
I forgot how much fun this is
Its OK, Aiden can advise us on lyrics, he's a big fan
ah.
She snap at ya?
My stress level is literally through the roof.
I feel a heart attack coming on soon.
Motivated reasoning doctorves the world.
Just got home from seeing the Avengers and that movie was awesome!!!!!!!!!
hey you :
excited to be a part of the cabinet with and :D
Daniel Bryan is a jobber!!!
can't wait to see you guys!
Hard at work prepping for the LA Times Festival of Books, or LATFOB, as we like to call it.
Sounds like an expletive.
wayne, weezy baby, , young money  i love you boy.
great night all around
haha.
Tequila, margarita mix and kombucha.
Budgets cuts mean 100 fewer foodsafety inspectors in Canada
I WANT PHIL.
that1friend who knows she would get more followers if she puts her bra as her avi instead of her face...
Carolyn Kirio about to speak on Go!Animate in science class.
Another nonresearch paper option.
hey thanks!
Thanks for checking us out.
We are recording a new album soon so well let all our followers know about it!
:
Perhaps he was prepared by same person in charge of his communications :Maloney not as prepared as I would have thought
Great weekend, halloween party Friday night and three birthday parties on Saturday!!!
So much fun!
I was an IPod Shuffle Dancer
listen closely, and don't stop working.
no one can tell you who you are.
GINGERBREAD MAN.
About to work out...
summer getting close i have to be on point
This Sat, Dec 3rd, 9a7p!
Kick off the Holiday Season w/ discounts, yummy food samplers, live music, carolers and more!!
Amen.
Did what I could to cover the young guns/contemporary BAM side of things...
lots more to explore, though!
Ew don't say that.
Happy Mother's Day to all those great doggie moms who have given a second chance to our Lucky Dogs!
We Love You!
We in our last days
I know right!!
Should NOT be this devastated!
My aunt calls mayonnaise American sauce.
hey can you listen to something and let me know what you think?
you have to keep it secret though..:
I need to stop goin out to BUY what I WANT to eat and jus cook what I already HAVE to eat.
spendin too much money on unnecessary shxt lol
Friday afternoon poll: is there an art project I can make out of misc business cards obtained at conferences and meetings?
How in the world does the NCAA allow coaches to be interviewed within a half of a basketball game?
cause i miss you, don't have nobody to act up with..
i need a hug, :'
I be faded  thinking about the same person.
Always.
I feel like it will forever be them alcohol brings back.
Local commercials shouldn't be allowed on doctorft day
Thank you for the follow!
Check in on Monday for Music Mondays!
Huh.
its amazing what you manage to request when you are..sleeping at work or something, huh?
That may be...
but You'll always be my beautiful princess.
:3
AND the cutest thing in the world
Thanks Jeff!
I wake up in the morning feeling like Ruth Bader, um...
I mean P.
Diddy.
Im obsessed with Batman.
Taking antibiotics for the 1st time in over 7 years!
Holistic hunneys, any tips to lessen the stress on my immune system?
SelenaGNickJreplyStayNelena.
First of all a legend just died and bs like this is trending.
Second of all, SHE IS WITH JUSTIN.
Get over it.
O i need to go swimming
Take a shot at guessing our CyberMonday deal in the next hour  get a whole line of Lichi products FREE for just guessing right!!
Another old Ricky Gervais interview where my head is discussed  Night of Too Many Stars, before his first stand up in the US bit.ly/xifqvv
Should I make a list of stuff I would rather be doing then going to church?
Because it would be infinitely long...
Haha glad I'm not the only one that noticed
Hey, Netflix, doctorp the ads on Limbaugh and I'll check out your free trial offer.
RiP Donna Summer : we will remember
I never failed once.
It just happened to be a 2000step process.
Thomas Edison
If someone called me three times in a row I'd probably die from an anxiety/panic attack.
Of course.
And then they get that LOOK as I try to explain it really was broken 20 minutes ago.
feel better
My advisor on the fact that me  his other RA from last year were replaced by 2 attractive young ladies: It's definitely a visual upgrade!
Still up with yolo all nighter
Why I live in NYC: I can now walk or bike to work everyday through Central Park.
Andy Borowitz: Palin says that if one of the GOP candidates doesn't work out she could step in, which I guess would make her Shemp.
26 of onair Top Chef viewers watched online transmedia content.
Impressive.
So far you are the best local news tweeter I've seen.
Some of the others are very inconsistent you seem wired.
Good work!
I'm still hoping he comes back in the bonus round!
He is so cute and did such a great job at our wedding in Memphis.
Just ordered the CD.
Bonus: there's bassoon on at least one track!
RT Happy to announce my new album is available starting today!
see..u need more American in you!
Oops.
Sounded dirty.
Sorry.
Lol
: what's your favorite song at the moment?Joan Osborne's I Don't Need No Doctor
thank you!!!
The WH created a convenient tool to petition government.
Instead of complaining, why not encourage people to use it?
From ob/gyn to chipotle to jewelry store to costco to bank, ones infers things about another's life.
Congrats!
Back to philly
here after a brisk week.
looking forward to some great insights.
Awww!!!
How sweet!!!
XOXO I appreciate that Scott!
Every day I push and keep trying and everyday I praise God for the VictoryBAMM.
Ready for some football.
Hopefully Asa is too!
Bucs using all their time.
Well, they missed out on Claiborne so who knows who theyll pick
Come buy your shots from me tonight!!
Lisa Sun: If you are applying from a nontarget school, your application will be online.
Get in by asking someone to refer you.
What about old school bar.
I wonder if they have some open spots there...
The Linderella story has sadly come to an end.
Back to reality now
big episode of veep this sunday
7 die in N.Y.
SUV crash
Great to meet you too!
Thanks for stopping by and supporting Brew Hey Hey.
Panel: Undocumented childoctorn have right to education
rainy..on the couch watching Highlander :
2 important lessons learned this year: 1st, 1 way ppl say no is by saying nothing.
2nd, yes can come in amazing ways..if you are open to it
lol.okay.just checking.
haha oh it happened.
And I was reading Catching Fire :
how's that may I ask?
Good morning tweepz!
It's Friday,it friday in my be blessed guys.
help me w/ my goal ppl reaching 100 followers
i love food hell yeah
then why do ya'll do that to me
awesome time at the game with ...but why did they decide to start scoring after we left?
Kids
cool.
Just checking in and making sure ur okay :
i'm giving up giving up things.
: Stupid laptop.
I hope it perks up soon!
small world!
I miss my jersey guys.
Not the same in florida.
Send bill my best.
I hope to see Frank in a couple of weeks.
y u no retweet?
hate it when i wait for one bus a million hours and when one comes, 2 other buses are tagging along at the back!!
He loves other girls...
It makes me jealous how i cant come to NY and meet you :'
Readyy for the Weekend??
bingo!
I know some folks.
Would be fun to have cooked onpremise tho.
Just depends where.
Overheard  a game of pictionary: everyone knows the universal symbol for poop is like a cloud with stink lines coming off of it
Goodbye DickClark.
Those American Bandstand clips will never get old.
How to cut 100 billion of nondefense discretionary spending  Len ...
excuse me Hell no
You're just somebody that I used to know.
at least the person you responded to didn't hear it!
Hey, check your Facebook messages!
4 races in the books!!
Our very own has now finished 1st, 2nd, 3rd,  4th...
Leads the season in points!
Anyone in Iowa??
alright I got you
lmbo u r spoiled lol and afternoon Boss Lady :
Yeah...i was super proud of that Jiminey Cricket.
StopOahuRail All the propaganda on how a 20 mile rail will create jobs  reduce traffic is full of crap.
I have some lava land any takers.
I'm in a Fleetwood Mac kinda mood :
RT 7464 Rams win and will face doctorxel in the CAA Finals tomorrow.
Congratulations Rams!
Topic on family feud: Kentucky.
I GOT THIS
of course we follow back.
Are you local to Atlanta?
I have a sudden urge to go to San Antonio and spend the night.And Natural Bridge Caverns.
And Corpus Christi.
And the Grist Mill.
And Austin
Gallery Hop officially runs 4pm10pm TODAY!
Barrel 44 is open 'til 2:30am so you can grab doctornks before, during, and after!
i just got new ones, hopefully they work out.
i hate going for the exams
Delta Goodoctorm  Delta Goodoctorm Plays Matchmaker For Joe Jonas  Contactmusic.com
Watching Missing with Viggle Thu  8PM  ABC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Now i'm all excited.
You better stop somewhere and buy a hat on the way home.
Now I see why Grammys ran past 11 pm.
Probably cuz Nikki was so R rated
im out at dinner, sorry.
I had a bread crumb in my bra lol
I feel sorrwful.
I know right?
She's amazing lol.
:
.
YES!
Enough with the veiled messages.
Loved the press conference, but now I'm getting frustrated...
racial issues are so fucked you in your racial commentary arent even comfortable to say Nigger.
Racial blindness is bs.
All my niggas rock gold tizneeths...
Believe it or not nigga no Ripleys
can you help out the USO of Wisconsin with an Autographed item for a charity event coming up soon?
Lady with no butt making rookie mistakes.
Don't mean to be an ingrate.
I love the warmer temps, but don't feel ready to trade in tights and boots for bare legs.
I feel like you'd be a worthy connect 4 opponent
If you are worried about a title, then you are worried about the wrong thing.
Damn..
Lol y u so hot?
Omg mom.
STFU.
Hey college hockey teams, don't click those links in your DM box.
As Admiral Ackbar would say, It's a trap!
Time is not on my side right now...can't wait to get home and relax!
Good morning  happy Monday...
Starting the week off right by hitting the gym.
I'm not a cheater!
I dont cheat.
Congratulations to on winning
no way!
I didn't mean that in a bad way.
You're just the only one I know who spins!
I imagine that is what it's like!
B2B marketing can be easier because they have more invested in the purchase  more engaged.
Linkedin rocks!
I'm getting a refund from WCG on Wed.
A couple places didn't take AmEx.
with Scribble...
is the borderbottom: 1px dotted C intended to be seen under the header nav?
Cleaning up the bathroom jamming
Voted for LPC national exec positions.
Now to wait for the results.
Few jobs as a fan, one of them is to boo the 'fake to 3rd throw to 1st' move by the opposing pitcher.
Good points.
We prefer our sake chilled but see how this could be too general a remark  some DO benefit from age.
Thanks!
going shopping again...
No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks.
Ambrose of Milan via MT
When a child is hurt there are consequences that affect the child for the rest of their life
Derek I fucking hate you.
All you do is hurt her.
You're so Fucking selfish.
ugh!

Thanks for the RT!
Have a great rest of the week.
Two things you should do before end of year.
1.
Read Rework and 2.
Go see MI:4
In honor of Teacher Appreciation Week , yesterday I voted for
I need some rest today
Hooray!!!!!!!
Congrats!
if violence is a disease then everybody in my city got it
Did you know that shutters come in several colors other than white?
They can be pearl, vanilla, or sandstone shades.
dance Of the week pou gasol my own creation!
I have 5 percent on my phone, but I'm just too damn lazy to put it on the charger 
You, Amy, have an extraordinary sense of beauty, Judge Calabresi said.
You, Cary, have an intellectual depth  a sweetness of soul.
If you could live in any other country in the world for one year, which country would it be?
: NW Robot Chicken Too Funny ain't it.
dad: : Transitioning to 1 crutch,
What's your must have dish at Big City Tavern?
WAAAH im gonna cry.
Embrace the present moment with gratefulness and wonder, and you will turn it into whatever you have been waiting for.
home from school !:
I'm from Philly 2 : what part of Philly do you live in ?
I'm in Mayfair :
Leaving for Italy today!
apparently it's national gourmet coffee day?
i'm celebrating with a massage!
Pancreatic Cancer Action Network
Thanks, Aaron:
just unfollowed every newspaper.
twitterfeed nice and uncluttered by alreadyread headlines
A Turkish coffee from Hodas on Fremont might be the perfect thing to warm you up tonight!
oh lol im alone...
bored now
YES!
how can tech smart, entrep creatives help libs?
serve on the board, share expertise, cowork in libs, ask Qs.
I saw you in Shanes video.
You were amazing!
naaaaaa man, that's what you think
Awesome.
We're still decorating Portland in honor of your arrival, whenever that may be!
Lowest rates in town!
Cars near you right now!
2067227696
Bored to heck downloading music yah
cool see you there!
No tengo amigos
right those are good numbers.
I was stating that WAR is flawed that Yuni had a 2 WAR last year.
Think WAR isn't always perfect
Holy multitasking!
......and Both Elle  Elise are Now some walking babies!!!!
Funny how , and I all have legitimate reasons to move to Florida after school.

your comment system is b0rked on Chrome/Mac
not as well connected in NYC as I am in BOS  but i'll keep my ears open for ya!
.
yayyy glad you like the new post : hope your weekend was fab!
xoxo
Spend yesterday with 20 brilliant people.
I'm so excited about what is being planned for later this year, but I can't tell you yet...
JEW FRO!
wow TheJenShow RT I hate Jen, I hope she doctorps a phone on her face and gets a hairbrush stuck in her Jew fro.
www.whoistrillogy.com Follow N learn a thing or two
hahaha not really!
FOLLOW FIRDAY THESE LOVELY LADIES
haha YEEUH found my dad stash!
Good morning!
I'm feeling great today.
I get to see my sweetie later.
I still don't know what I'm making for dinner, though.
: thanks so much for the vote of confidence.
Means a lot!
been chillin, bball practice  what not.
How u been
Where are the jobs in genomics?
professorssor quoted in
omg andoctora are you kidding
Seriously people, stop doing the wave.
Woke up hungry  forgot my lunch at home .
Think about it...think about your life...and step outside of what the present brings...and be thankful that you are alive another day to
no i dont think so i dont like to watch san antonio..if that dont work out i hope the heat play the lakers im at that game
How do you recognize a ProLove advocate?
Look for the ProLove tshirts.
I want my skin to be preserved and either a.
Put in a museum..
Or b.
in my shop The Rest of me can be cremated Fo sho.
I can't wait to eat some REAL food!
Fuck!
Getting your tonsils out is no fun!
Angels fire hitting coach Mickey Hatcher, notifying millions on Twitter that Mickey Hatcher worked for the Angels.
no problem
when i fix the final peice of my phone.
Smithtown is eagerly awaiting to grace it with his presence tonight

I will be tweeting now for  follow me there!
Things I dislike about NYC  nothing.
Hobos.
The Beauty of Breakdance.
Elefante Grande.
Big Biceps.
1976.
It was the most horrific doctoram of life  my doctorams are too crazy 
correction I'm a fun influence :
Woke up at 2:30AM to catch a 6am flt.
It's now 7am  we're still sitting at gate.
I Have to....Day By Day, I'll grt over it...
you mad cooling best friend
You know everyone keep saying well that's your mom, Not At All
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach
A huge congratulations and thank you to Kate McChrystal for raising almost 500 yesterday by hosting a delicious brunch!
HORNY!!!
anyone horny out there??
That will like to have a hot conversation??
Responded to FIRE  47 Furman Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11207.
Red Cross auto update.
Come in this week if you're out shopping, we have a delicious new menu!
i'm sorry for ur loss lance
DCCRAA mtg is about to begin!
If ur tweets is a line from a rappers song everyday ur whack google something else :p
On Saturdays, we wear pink...to Harvard
Who's going to win a championship first, Kobe Bryant or Tom Brady?
To the desert of the real
Any TVD BTR or Secret Life fans follow and i will follow back
I'll be there!
Alarming: Is a Second Great Depression Bearing Down on Us?
help trend
Congrats to for winning the 30 Gift Certificate to For Goodness Grape!
Ck my blog for details to claim your prize!
Yay!
Having trouble getting The eNotated Sailing Alone Around the World to Australian blogger.
tried Prezi, liked the concept, felt the transitions distracting.
Wish I'd seen the presentation.
have you tried comapping.com?
Just wrote a banger !!
so i burnt the roof of my mouth yesterday eating pizza, and now it hurts to eat anything
Time waits for no man, neither do I.
Loving that song Look Around by that just played on
I am sitting here listening to the song Angel Flight and crying like a baby
its over to fast we want more ice loves coco need more shows
when are you coming to florida love?
:
start smoking right now!!
welcome to packnation!
Greatest franchise and fans in history.
Glad ur a part of it now!
On the alameda county books!!
really upset right now.
not even the normal upset anymore.
i'm just done.
One minute left to go!
People surround themselves with fake superficial people and then complain how much they hate fake people
Real conversation going on on tweeter...way better then fb.
you are the one I turn to everyday, I know you will always be there for me thru everything.
I love you so much.
I didn't.
He had the grossest doctorss ever.
Ew.
Im not gonna get hurt, so take my hand as we take this slow.
Are they just trying to get a rise out of you?
it was great meeting you and hearing about your research ...nice job on the QA.
:
Chase Your doctorams
Thanks so much for helping us spread the word about this series.
We'll make sure you get some yummy chocolate!
youre supposed to try and cheer me up meanie :p
ATLGETREADY4ME the link is highlighted in blue on my twitter page if you have trouble accessing it let me know also when you
Wealth, like happiness, is never attained when sought after directly
thanks, was wondering why it was taking so long to come up...
Either way, good times!
Meh: Whether they accept the model depends entirely on their theoretical experience and your own skill at explaining.
;
I don't want my childoctorn living in that world
NO im not last time i checked i was on the honor roll IF thats dumb Then wats smart
starting the webinar.
it is a webi kinda day
suburbia trash monsters.
I wanna love and dance...
Again.
just hand everyone a doctornk and suddenly everybody gets along ilovecollege goodnight y'all.
Thank You Tony for the amazing Holiday diplays!
:
Guess we gotta settle for redbox :S what a life.
Hi Heather, cool pic!
We hope you had a great time with us this weekend!
says the teacher that limits web resources in papers is likely going home to use web resources for their lesson plan
I love my job
Bout to go eat
DUDE OH MY GOSH   IS SO FREAKINGG HOT LIKE NO JOKE3
mayweather does not lose
Back to searching for vendor/merchandiser leads for FANSHOES World Cup shoes.
it was your recommendation
my life has been bananas..but i have not forsaken our fried pickle rendezvous...:
I tapped to click when I favorited.
Didn't say you were a stalker.
Just wondering why you're tweeting fake data that supports obsessive, unhealthy thinking.
You are using to kill it then you turn really quickly and chuck the shoe at that spawn of the devil spider :U.
I love him
Getting flowers in my hair compliments of for parkingday !
your tweets are hilarious.
Go knock on the neighbors' door!
Report back.
Watching Independence Day
I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS.
Even the horrific Duran Duran tune playing on 's muzak system can't diminish how much I'm loving this crab dish.
Ready for tomorrow.
No biggie, Terri!
G'morning!
:
closeyoureyes trivia: the song's length is the same as our school addoctorss
Only look out for me and my team.
: fuck em, tell her that her man ain't shit!!
Tell her and that nigga to go suck a.....
key at top right of keyboard should be eject key.
Another rainy walking in their shoes.
Dedicated community leaders raising awareness about the urgency of homelessness.
everybody needs a fence to lean on
oh, how I would LOVE to come down, but hubbie threatens divorce if I go  hasn't married me yet.
Hi everybody!
Lurking  working on grad school stuff 2nite.
Enjoying the sound of rain falling here in TX, big storm upon us
No me ago remponsable, de lo que la jente dice...
Heat and frozen doctornks!?
Now I miss Florida!
ur so welcome!
So Stoked to play some music tommorrow!
: A thirst for ease without a stomach for the burden, will always keep a church feeling doctor  empty.
I'll never stop writing.
People often ask when I will retire, but it's none of their business.
Writing defines who I am.
B T Bradford
I'm having hh with your cousin twice removed, Joe Jarpe!!!
Be Prepped!
January 2228 is National Meat Week.
Getting ready to speak to area developmet district conf in Louisville.
Excellent meetings here this morning.
As an educator, I know that you can create a physical education program for your special needs students in only one day...
Its really hard to put on bare minerals when you can't stop sweating.
Amiright ladies?
Downside of an upstairs bathroom.
You guys are the shit!
;D 2300, now lets go for 10,000 :
and If you haven't had a singoff yet, you guys should.
A battle of the wordsmiths would be crazy.
If I can't fulfill the fantasy I can inspire it
Mike!
Yes I am.
There are some things I wanted to talk with about.
Tune in to this afternoon at 5:44 or 7:44 to hear  talk about gay Republicans.
and miss you girls!
Also we are now please follow us there hope you dig the new tracks!..
Roger
Needs to stop taking pictures of me
D'Antoni needs to come back to 2 NYC as ex coach of the NY Knickerbockers
That annoying moment when you cannot find the long side of your blanket.
haha agreed!
:P
thanks for a truly awesome job on our e20 panel today.
High point of the show!
When do you move?
I'll bring the mint and the bourbon.
Shooting ball well and aggressive on D.
Game over bitch3
Yes.
I'm SO EXCITED!
I've seen the same football player 3 times today.
I'm not stalking you, I promise.
Can you give any help finding weather info for I68 west in Maryland into West VA?
Conditions are poor.
Can't find info online.
She's Tryna Buy Me KI Passes.
Money is like manure..
Probably mostly entered standard use with the musical Hello Dolly!?
When someone tells you to text them, So you text them, And they dont text back.
Ridiculousness and pizza rolls
It's a beautiful day out!
Come on in for a burger  some shopping on the Avenue
Very ready for some qt Mayfair!
The weather has gotten hot here in Philly, but on a cooler day, I'd take it too!
When I see a web headline that refers to Dulles Access Highway I think local?
I think not.
Web Performance Load Tester PRO 5.0 Generates Unlimited Virtual Users
there is Target and Gander Mtn close by so maybe we can stop after dinner.
Same to you Donna.
595k.
Ty again for the lucky coffee
wow, cowboy doctorams following civilized hockey.
You have me confused with a cold blooded shark.
thanks for helping spread the word!!
Had an absolutely excellent day.
Researchers use online crowdsourcing to diagnose malaria  R amp; D Magazine
HOORAY!
I am a frogurt fiend.
Let me find out your ghost writting

IDF gives security control of Palestinian towns to Arafat  Palestinians began attacking Israeli motorists doctorving through.
Can't wait till Saturday with :
don't tell me our youth is running out
Working with analysts needs to become a way of life in your company Jim Le Tart RedPrairie
who wants an annoying ass follower
why thank you!
SOMETIMES I cook for myself....
but only sometimes.
Maybe you can teach me a thing or two!
Definitely back to this account for awhile.
I miss it.
I would never do such a thing to you...EVER.
Thanks for the RTs  mentions
Happy 31st Birthday to I hope you have an amazing one!
D
Just found out about in Female Developer talk!
Awesome resource  Love the color scheme!
give Leo a badly hug from me!
going to b a good weekend:
Stomach hurt I need some food of in my shit
There's no doctorg around like what I found in u
Nursing a sick Rbtkttn.
Of course years of vegetarian lifestyle wouldn't prepare you to take a giant hunter chomp of antelope.
hahaha.
That might be a good starting point!
who are these sluts
totally agree re the web mobilizing on other issues.
as ppl become more comfortable w/the medium, it's the 99's best tool.
Chillen with my bestfriends..., food and weed
ITS NOT WAT U THINK
love you boothang !
;
Could be a rough one for the Cubs tomorrow.
Using everyone in bullpen tonight, with quick turnaround and Volstad tomorrow.
Warriors are in the 7th slot now.
With their luck, someone 814 will get into the top 3 and bump them out.
mos def.
You ever come up to Annapolis for work?
word I feel you I'm heading to Pacha Saturday no plans on Friday let me know what you getting into
It's okay.
Shirley put some on Arianna too  they were both climbing on me so it coulda been either one XD
Listening to spotify is so much simpler now, not who do i want to listen to?, just which album do i want to listen to?
just got in not ready to be in
ITAOTC AfterParty feat a collection of the worlds most sought after DJs 
Patrol Sgt.
Chuck Buckingham heard one of his favorites after pulling over someone going more than 70 mph.
The doctorver claimed a grasshopp...
oh word word yeah I don't know but I'm sorta pissed seeing how you and me and mark were high scorers of every game...
history museum historical Tomorrow: Kennedy mystique!
Biography of Jackie Onassis  Jackie O.
on the Coach.
Thoroughly enjoying my Cavs in The Garden right now.
School year is almost over and my teachers are still giving me tests :P
Mondays Specials: College Road Trip And is showing all of its Original movies today.
hahahahaha my mom just got hers .
She's almost pro!!
Ahhahaha !!
So how are you :!!!
Steeler nation baby
guy with the headband over his eyes cookin us
Maritime disputes were another cause leading to the
WhyAmISoSleepy Your body is speaking to you...get some sleep!
I'm not coaching you.
omg hes flirting with u just flirt back god
it's the who gives a flying  bowl!
thank's for all your support towards , he really appreciates it.
aw I missed you at the 50 Biscayne sales meeting!
so true
well shucks what can i say : I'm super proud of my Marines, family and friends.
:
Watching americas mostwanted
I am disturbed by that.
But I guess that would be weird for a 14 year old...
LOL...you better come get him...LOL
the same lol
Finale and I are battling it out.
Why can't I record in 6/8?
2.5 hours till kick off.
Is anyone else getting excited?!?
Glad to have you joining us!!
What do your offices look like?
when one door closes another one opens
who is buying it then????
LOL!
He put himself in a top political position on GOP campaign, we have a right to discuss his public actions.
Going to get CRAZY
Your the reason I wake up every morning :
The best advice seems to always come from Disney: just keep swimming....
I no a lot of Kobe haters
around with them I just did yesterday!
I've been watching a lot of old eps of on MTV Tres recently.
So my Spanish is basically perfect.
Really enjoyed listening to pdf11 livestream the past 2 days, since I couldn't make it inperson this year
RT : Adjourned til Thursday?!
Really?
Nothing to do for MN?
No ability to end?
Anyone home in the House?
At the Mavs game with !
Meryl is very good.
Dustin Hoffman is great.
know what lady justice is, and how/why court system has grown.
Multiple choice, you're screwed.
your challenge is accepted!!
Must think more about DH accessibility.
It's harder than it should be to be a noncoder here.
107 capper's plays posted so far and 3 college and 1 NHL consensus so far and more to follow
boy u know u cant rap lol
At North Star Mall....
Thank you very much, and to you.
follow me please...i'm new in twitter,,,, :
right .
now imma get grounded like shit
Located in The Auto Collection is Jimmy Velvet  Elvis Presleys 1977 Lincoln www.facebook.com/pages/TheAutoCollections/115534588457016
Listening to the I Ching Gatos band practice.
Currently on their song Puro Wato Vato
yay!!
in just 15 min.
i will be doing the last chapter of my DA course.
:D
Do not ignore importance of continually training your people regardless of field, industry or professorssional.
Reducing training costs more.
This is what I say in my head every minute, Ahh!
What is going on?
My ex boyfriends  some good some i wish i never met
Happy Easter everyone 3

depends on what the meaning of is is!
One of the play date kids developed a weird rash...
There really isn't anything on tv in the middle of the day ugh i need something to do
I'm with you on that one.
Track them Down and tear 'em up!
xD
K.Williamson: And now will he ever be able to forgive himself and get back from it?
And earn the love of a girl again?
She'll love him,
The only tim I want to hang out with is tim tam.
I can rap faster than Busta Rhymes...
Limping out of Vietnam...
Back to Osan tomorrow AM.
Seoul Marathon hopes are dashed.
:
Did you see we're having a contest?
;
the hot party tonight is at veranda nyc!!
Hainstock in the house?
My room is spotless until...
my friends enter it.
Just passed a truck with antlers on John Nolen
I would absolutely love to start packing, vaccuuming, cleaning and studying, but my roommate just set her alarm for 2 pm.
Looks good to me!
Getting a refil on my s and this weekend
To answer your question, you can serve me in many ways!
;
Well good  my allteal, turquoise, aqua decorating scheme is hot!
Dear  I think my relationship w ur wireless card has come to an end.
Everytime I travel outside DFW it barely works at snail pace
Thank you to everyone BIG SHOUT OUT!!
WE JUST HIT THE THOUSANDS!!!
PLL biggest A clue was supposed to be in season 1 Salt meets Wound...wait what did i miss
packing my room is a pain in the ass
I wish there was more people like you in the world!
Israeli producer Sam Feuer will be talking his new movie The First Grader tonight 911pm on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
A little more than 2 hours away from tipoff.
Panthers vs Noles.
wish we were in a bigger conference.
We could have these matchups weekly
Hahaha!
An app or a game.
Both interactive so I love it!
I wonder if the bar is going to serve hot toddies.
am i speaking english?
can anybody freaking hear me?!
'cause i feel like there's a soundproof wall holding me back, nobody listens anymore.
Getting murdered in this local art contest...down by like 20 votes...le grrr...
JUSTIN IS BOSS
Now that I am in town on election day, I think I'll go vote.
I hope you all do too.
Motorcycles, Singing and Punching.
Pretty sure Scott Porter just made my Hall Pass List.
Are we dating?
Are we fucking?
Are we best friends?
Are we something in between that?
quality time with my beautiful future wife
I know you're above working out and all that jazz, but want to go on a walk today?
It's BEAUTIFUL
Guild Wars 2 PrePurchase Grants Beta, Early Access
stay amazing!
: Arredondo will not finish this game.
HesNotVeryGood wrong again buddy
Hahaha, even just red text in a header or footer will do that to me sometimes.
Original Power Rangers  Power Rangers in Space, Ninja Power Rangers and any other type of Ranger/Power Ranger
reactive vs.
predictive.
can lessons learned about pagerank tell us anything about semantic search?
Anyone have experience with a locked facebook page?
Lost our rights.
Not happy.
Ball so hard my ankle hurt T.I lol I love that part
U was amazing in boomerang, and the perfect Storm in X Men
dude, you played the Bills
WHY WEED IS BETTER THAN SEX  www.weedsex.com .
Thanks in advance for sharing/posting!
Sandwich sounds great
It would rain the day I wash my car.
Sigh.
Lol
RT : RT : A Joke is a Serious Thing Winston Churchill
I just got this sorry : see you tomorrow in class
2 words.
Chicken.
Express.
Oh look!
A stream that works!
Happy Birthday!!!!!
La Dolce Vita 2night on the big screen.
Happy Birthday 2 me!
;
Finally getting to work with the talented and funny on the
: Tonight on Conan, and I have a civilized interview.
And then one of us smashes Andy in the face.
What an amazing experience learning how.to meditate with today...
Orange Bowl Champs!
Tune into KFMB/CBS 8 this morning  watch singer Lee MacDougall at 6:40am.
Win tix to his concert to his show at Humphreys!
Is that a good thing?
Many celebrities seem to be doing so.
It seems a bit too commercial.
dude, what happened to Crazy Eddie?
Facebook Acknowledges Privacy Issue With Applications.
NOT Good.
Great.
So, Chris Paul catches fire late in the 4th.
WTF??
I am going to marry if it's the last thing I do!!
If you need help rounding up some trusted/good resource sites, just ask!
If you believe, Tebow said, then unbelievable things can sometimes be possible.
so I know it's not on a stick but the steak quesadilla is AMAZING!!!
highly recommend they're by the IH tractors
Interesting.
Penguin eBooks through Overdoctorve can only be downloaded now if you have an actual Kindle, not just the Kindle for PC app.
MUCH.
The meds have been amazing!
As God's childoctorn we need to step up, be bold  tell ppl the Truth3
Can't wait!
: Tunein of our feed tmister  Fri for updates from our annual conference, making ideas happen 99conf
he a bad doctorver?
thanks ur the best u totally made him smile :D
This is he worst day ever just getting worse.
Lots of Police Action in Sacto today.
Earlier, for some reason, cops shut down access to FlorinPerkins; Power Inn Rds off Jackson Hwy.
Ugh it's barley Thursday
...yeah baby.....do the damn thing....do it well  can't get rid of this damn headache!
Why aren't there any 24 hour pizza joints!
8/12 Friday Art in the Plaza Bobby Summers Trio 69pm
West point admissions brief was super long...but glad to know if i finish all the admissions paperwork, i have a 50 chance of getting in!
I agree.
Would be nice if they could get together to help the homeless, or an array of other issues.
15 million help a lot
Just putting it out there.
me too
Ready for tha NBA Playoffs to start The East Coast look good this year
humm somewhere republican I'm sure misssippii
Got a new pipe
Not famous?
Just show up somewhere almost naked and you will be!
Happy Birthday, doctor Seuss!
If opportunity doesn't knock, BUILD a door.
MILTON BERLE Turn the knob, stick your head in, step inside  say HELLO, HERE I AM
Think local this holiday seasongive us a call to order 412.621.2521 we also ship nationwide.
Cheers!
There is a Star Trek joke in there somewhere.
Khan!
I love you like a fat kid loves cake
Belated thanks for the FF mention.
Hope the CitrusParty clean up went well and you scored some leftover deliciousness :
First Big Storm of the Season!
Starting to Get Spooky, Very Very Spooky, Like the S!
you see in the movies..
will be at the ABQ convention center OCT 1416.
artists  vendors, snag your booth now, we're gonna sell out.
Thanks Steven, I enjoy having my toys.
I'm looking to add a proper sized boat next.
thanks for reading!
Happy challenge!
In the last 30 years roughly 3600 Americans killed in terrorist attacks and by lightening strikes.
Do we need this much Govt to protect us?
tell morgan to cheek her bump because Gillian was skiing with not mush snow!!!!!!
well we still haven't gotten off the ground after an hour of delay.
Missed our lay over flight due to this
Calif.
scores come back in early August
facebook stalker :
Kevin, Cory and Jen talking about Mount Hope Cemetery great job!
OK...
It's the First weekend of Fall.....
What 'cha got planned that's good...?
oh yay!!!
Can't wait to see it:
Let's go Warriors!
NO THEY R SO WIERD AND MEAN!
Went to golden corral in saint George, UT, USA.
Pretty cool place with an awesome people and a good food!
Next up: doctor Talia McCray from Dept.
of Architecture
I just really want to make a movie then date someone like Fiona Apple.
Lets meet a middle and call them menta julips ;
Pretend your naked
Yeah, they track all the changes on their site.
Wish I could volunteer, but not especially experienced in that kind of Wiki.

RT : People who eat those Taco Bell Doritos tacos ate paint chips when they were younger...
Still doctornk from last night.
And have 6 hrs of school
How can I explain the way I feel?
Can't put it into words.
Time to celebrate National Personal Training Week....
Do we celebrate with cake or protein bars???
lol
I know ...
it just keeps getting better.
;
State Dept on Hazem Abu Ismail's mother: Out of respect for familys privacy, the Depts policy is not to comment on q's of citizenship
We've been screwed on that awful call of intent to blow the whistle at least once a playoff the last 4 years.
Huge break finally.
I just heard every avenue on ze nerf commercial!
Awesome!!
Wow!
I am so honored!
Thank you!
Warmly Patricia
Be careful hope you have a good session at the studio.
Another good question.
The key to successful products will be to provide value that is recognized.
Not price or bells.
THIS SuN 6p8p w/guests LevertII Sexual Ultimatums...If U Say YES what I want is NEXT?
call in 626 657 2149
best day of my life.
I love how the T Mobil girl went from girl next door to a badass...
I just did another night of Insanity!
Worked and absolutely live your program.
Training for Miss New Mexico now 7 weeks away
thanks I am glad you cashed I doctorve an R8 for a reason, I have the best information in the world and use it to win.
ThatAwkwardMoment when you try to stay quiet but then you realize you live by yourself.
Wrong shoe !
So it's really scary how many times a day and I say the same things....
I'm fine with a Jermaine win, but I'm not ok with Juliet in second.
give me a million dollars and ill tell mister bowers to beam in....
Good evening mister Davison, we miss you here man...
Going to take a quick break get the offspring in bed but I will be back soon.
new regular process.
start a specific piece of software, then get up to go get coffee.
any guesses?
My Kindle app  no question  but I do love Key Ring
Ha!
friomusicology New levels everyday.
I fell right back into the groove...it's like I never stopped using the crutches from surgery 1!
talk about an arm workout...
: My blood alcohol level is getting dangerously close to zero.
Fuck Mondays.
Its tuesday dude
Not sure why, but I always get sucked into the Channel 10 auction.
Mindless TV.
We 3 our community!
offer 15 off to any youth groups, boy  girl scouts, little league  Pop Warner teams, and ASU students with ID!
Tweet of Yesterday: I went to a fight the other night, and a hockey game broke out!
Rodney Dangerfield
is excited for the first Tailgate Tuesday of 2010!
2/6 at Dan McGuiness Demonbreun.
6 pm.
Don't be late!
Details coming soon!
Wait til you see my benefits package
It's supposed to be hard.
If it wasn't hard, everyone would do it.
The hard..
is what makes it great.

always!
What are your NYE plans?
just a few more weeks until you get another shot!
The only potato salad I like is the one made by Mom and Dad.
It's the best.
Did you want to look at some houses on Sunday or meet to put together a game plan before looking at houses?
minus wade
one of my grad students is about to lecture on Reconstruction.
Go get 'em Matt!
trying to stay awake for 1 more hour until lollapalooza lineup!
Truth RT If you're not 100 sure you nailed it, then you probably missed the mark.
My pleasure Keith!
tonight we are young
The REPUBLICANS WORDS alway seem to come out as JUST KIDDING.
I wonder why the BIG D can't pull the play on WORDS OFF.
NLD Mom
I feel curious.
Danger and damages high in houseboat fire  Lake Powell Chronicle
I've fallen in lust w a pair of Gianvito Rossi for Altuzarra sandals in the April and I can't find them anywhere.
Very sad
I would've gone with a pinch hitter here
hard to get a rhythm when you are forced to sit the entire first half.
please please please please please please please please PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE Follow me!?
it would make me happy :  see :D
my etsy banner looks funny...like its all stretched out.
2012 make out with a boy, scored free room with ocean view....
great way to start out the year!!
I'll be right there.
I need a cuddle buddy tonight.
Pizza and a movie?
Maybe more if you're lucky ;
Excited to be a guest with Improv Monster at JackPie this Thursday!
If you're in Atlana, come check it out!
i don't understand.
If i am me, then there is no one more beautiful.
GIS: It's Out There
don't be afraid to swap tiles as soon as it looks bad.
Kat Kat Kat Lol : i love Kat as your character its so u Omg and i 3the episode when u were sad when u were petsitting
doctorpped off some LP's and CD's today!!
RnR!
On the plus side I've had about 10 cups of coffee....if you have ever seen Over the Hedge, I'm getting close to that point.
I hope everyone has a very safe and Happy Thanksgiving!!
:
lets do something tonight?
hmu
Me and Laura think  do the exact same things .
It's creepy .
Mainbitch 3
LE FLASHES LIGHT well here i am bitchess.
Uh priceless.
We didn't get a chance to finish due to the kitchen rush
Nobody really knows how much anyone else is hurting.
We could be standing next to someone who is completely broken  we'd never know it.
I am doing great.
Just trying to stay out of trouble.
And you?

words attributed to the late Al Shanker, longtime AFT President
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW
Brewers extend GM Doug Melvin's contract through 2015, and manager Ron Roenicke through 2014 w/option for 2015.
RT : Virgos are sometimes seen as being far too picky.
Cause we are picky!!!
:
If you own a VISA, you are a victim of the largest credit card scam in history.
itaintgoodsex if I'm doiin the work.
Lol do like say WORK WORK WORK WORK WORK WORK BITCH YU BETTR WORK..
lol W.O.R.D.
Franchise Dealers you don't have to turn another prospective client away.
Protect your assets with GoldStar GPS, Guided by Spireon.
Kodak 7219 was our go to for its natural skintones under mixed lighting, outstanding latitude, and beautiful texture.
With house hunters international.
Forget what hurt you in the past, but never forget what it taught you.
was off the chain 2night!
Cant wait for next Thursday  10pm EST!!
going to SXSW?
Bring your GoLocal card and save!!
Oh, and thanks to for setting this up!
Great article in the BT today!
You are spot on...couldn't agree more about creating a stateleveraged capital program for WI
no plans at the moment : he's in Cali until August  then Australia.
He really should come do a boot camp up North, eh?
2 days from now I'll be in Seattle with Nick!
Yay!
17 days w/no Nick is way too long.
iphone, ipad, etc : Amazing Christmas Hope every1 else had a merry Christmas :
Dear spammers  your new yousendit emails are not fooling me  though more clever than the standard viagra emails  still lame.
PickUpLine: I'm Irish.
Do you have any Irish in you?
Would you like some?
Old people are a buzz kill.
3 more followers until I give away a free handmade bath product from my website!
Help me get to 50 followers!
Please RT!!
rookie of the year
I'm sending you to rehab, for being a fucking cunt..
Parents Snared in 100 Billion U.S.
College Debt Trap Risking Retirement  better to save now for college than borrow later!
Thanks Jenny for booking me on the photo shoot yesterday.
Had loads of fun.
Client told me he was very happy with result.
M
Man I really wanna taste that new chip taco!!
Looks good :p
no problem
dont ask me
The best thing about having a cat is that you have a cat.
man if thats ur worst problem then u doin sum right
happy christmas :
ok, I don't think I have.
Why do you ask?
smash is losing me now.
Had given up on glee but it's gotten better recently.
Mom seyz we needz go bed now.
So goo nite my furriendz.
Hope Santa Paws is nice to you : aroooooo!
haha you went so try hard to get that ball and I thought you were going to catch it too!
Lmao
Two calls to describe to me a task that I finished in literally 30 seconds.
I am the master of my domain.
My youngest think he too grown.
Here is a cool break down of a play from yesterdays game against the Blazers.
Courtesy of Pounding the Rock Spurs blog  great source fo
I don't hate on bands, if you like rock/metal thats autotuned as much as beiber then thats fine by me, but when they're overrated...
For a small turtle of 4 minimum cost for caring correctly is 250.
They are longlived in proper conditions.
Poor care is unacceptable.
Hmm, how many calls to their tollfree number would it take to bankrupt them?
;
I don't get to go home.
it's not time for job 2 yet.
so YOU go home!
what y'all talking bout?
what Sharbear?
Is this true?
Decided to goto bed early.
woke up and cant fall back asleep..
Just saw RNC chief Reince Priebus on MeetThePress rerun, and not sure how he defines civil rights.
Happy Mother's day to all the mother's out there!!!
Prepping for a shoot with Photography on this gorgeous day.
Thanks Steve!
Happy Friday to you  hope you have a good wkd ahead!
going into a tail spin.
cclax and ccwlax you guys are killing me!!
Let's goo!!!
will definitely give you a call, a great lunch place in LA that I frequent is LA CAFE or any cafes in LA LIVE by staples center.
Are you going to ??
come by the PunchLine booth for a chance to win free tixs!!
My He Neva Whooped My Ass But Dis Tweet Was Some RNS
4.95/hr.
for wireless.
ATL must be pretty broke.
I think I saw a credit card slider on the water fountain.
I totally agree.
She is so jealous she can't even see straight.
It's sad and pathetic.
Gay boys are the best u can have girl talks and they don't care and their really cute IDk y?
But they are!
boyswho don't can be a pain!!
We've got a super diverse group of Campers regionwise!
GA, AL, FL, TN, SC, NC, KY, AR, TX, ND, England, Venezuela, and more.
Well now I feel as cool as working from home since there's a tornado on the way!
Ya, I think I'm out on that one.
They'll probably get me on the summer super hero block busters as always.
I'm a sucker.
I thought this read NBA Hall of Fame.
I kind of wish it did.
: On way to Vegas to be inducted into NAB Hall of Fame...
if u want the link just let me know the link its so people out of the uk can listen their website dont let none uk listen
We're a news outlet...we don't buy or sell.
you know what would be cool?
Someone googles: is anne trubek the most awesome or what?
and I see it in my site stats.
Just saying.
Now providing their opening statements
Spent the last three days installing doctorwall with hubby.
If I never see spackle again I'll be okay with that.
What's up?
Listening to some great classical rock pieces.
In love!
: which one of you has the hiccups?
bahhahaha jordyn ??????
Did you know that I have been craving them all day??
Wow we really are best frands!!
shpescape.com will convert your shapes to fusion tables ...
when it's working
she is going to be fine.
she has a great support system at home and friends going there too.
it's a good school.
Excited for my dudes to doctorp this album!
I feel the same sometimes.
Feel better rachh!
M soggy taco's.
Gotta love'em.......
It is not easy to find happiness in ourselves, and it is not possible to find it elsewhere.
Agnes Repplier
Matthew Jefferies connected to varolo
well...its a new Year, got some new goals, and definetly won't B dealin' with them fake pplz/ plus I'm feelin real good 'bout
talking about Experience  Interaction which leads to adaptation Visit us at Phorum12 today at World Cafe Live!
Take calculated risks.
That is quite different from being rash.George S.
Patton
I wish I could fall asleep...
hanging out in the booth for Good Day Oregon Saturday!
Tune in please :
Food Is Def Great Down South!!
Thanks for spreading the word!!!
Had a doctoram I was given a music video to direct, I honestly already was planning out the whole treatment.
Trying to make film in my sleep!
ITS FUNNY HOW ALL YOU OKC BANDWAGONERS COME OUT OF NO WHERE!!!
RT : When the shutter closes the world opens!
Sharon Wax
Love and Light to Amber and Paris of Thanks for your energy!!!
100factsaboutme i used to DJ!!
Still have the skills WHOOP!
You are so sweet.
Always looking out for me!
xxoo
that's now how this union of souls is going to work.
get in the kitchen where you belong, or get pimp slapped.
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW
LPU is introducing amazing things at Synergy.
And you have to be there to find out what it is!
Can someone please tell me why is not open at 440am?
People are awake this early!!
Yep, I'm At My Daddy's House Feeling Like A Baby...
UGH...I hate Mondays
Work is done, It's St Patty's Time!!!
At the end of the day the only person I have to answer to is ME.
Everyone else's opinions are irrelevant.
if they mention your income tonight simply tell them that the Clinton's made three times what you did last year  no one cares
The WVYD Women's Caucus is hosting a social at Madeleine's in Morgantown on Nov.
12th at 5 pm.
Email for more info!
so you're in Brooklyn I take it!
why you lookin at me like that???
....It's like you staring off into the distance BUT IM RIGHT HERE highimdope
I love his new California Rockish sound.
thanks for the retweets!
Thanks for sharing!
Will I see you at the content strategy meetup on May 21?
Content migration, woohoo!
greeny has been on this convo for 4 hours
Careless World intro 
You probably thought someone was rocking you to sleep.
love you too dear
only if it's 4 a good reason, like a new addition : Feel better Mama!
God bless you  Danny!
The quality of toptalent centers in the 70s and 90s isn't even close, which is why I can objectively say so.
We're pleased to announce the arrival of our freshly redesigned homepage: www.stickK.com.
Let us know what you think!
I have to look out my door, across the hall, through the glass of another room to see out the window.
I'm envious
I just did punk!
don't stand in line, identify
I'm editing today too and I want to scream!!!
Happy Friday!!!!!
Game Night in the UC 219.
Come out and have a fun night of games...its happening NOW!!!!
all the unissss
39;Rebel Recipes Lite39; submissions sought
Only one injury tonight at the Blazers game after Ndamukong Suh doctorpped his ice cream cone.
TellMeNicki do you prefer rapping or vocally singing??
The striper is doing the cat daddy naked
So true RT : Denying your complicity doesn't change your responsibility.
Running errands and heading to grab some lunch
The guy who shot an killed trevons martin should be put on Deathrow  killed wtf does his HOOdy have to do wit AnYthing REALLy!?
you are brilliant!
is she pretty??
Does she wear a lot of clothes like clothes that fall off her body?
I want a toasted marshmallow shake from Serendipity!
Wow have fun!
: One of these years I'll go 
lets go bucs!
you have your next customer here.
Let's make sure to talk today.
Great execution.
Breaking the silence in 7:56!!!
Tomorrow is Single Awareness Day 
God is doing something with your life!!!!
Very best of luck to those playing the EPTGrandFinal day2 in MonteCarlo today 
What makes you say that, John?
yeah...
weird.
He is carefully watching its every move and keeping as still as possible incase it attacks!
Gloria Steinem: A woman needs a man like a....
well thank you so much for the compliment : I'm glad I had the chance to follow you!
Presenting at the EducationUSA college fair in Kuala Lumpur.
Recruiting the next generation of students!
oh snap battle for Ohio oh boy HUGE WIN
RT InSecondarySchool it was ok to damage ur exercise books so they would fit in your 'just do it' bag.
I might have to try that...
Hi Claiborne!
So sorry you experienced technical difficulties on Friday...please let us know if you're still exp.
freezing.
We've got 3 killer DJs rockin' the strip nightly for you in !!
!
They dnt know about ur stressed out day that's why u sip the tanguray.
RT :  Is it safe to say Portland doesn't care about the Beavers?
Boxing Day treat now on doctorft  a cask of Three Floyds Zombie Dust!
every time I see Cindy Lauper in any media I think of him.
She's lucky to have such a big fan.
Apparently, the adjunct schedules were assigned 2 weeks ago.
One of us was not offered courses for the first time in 19 semesters.
It's another rambling 'n' radical radio show with our MASTER CREEP Alice Cooper and all sorts of 4:20 references...NWAC  7p on 101.5.
thanks to I bought my first comic in about a decade yesterday, X0 Manowar, on freecomicbookday, will be back for more
i cant help it..i love to fukk
hell, I'd love to relocate.
Just have to sell this house first, and THAT is going to be difficult
I so hate u right now
Daily GTKY question: If you could paint a picture of any scenery youve seen before, what would you paint?
Admin on Aging Sec.Greenlee says agency is looking at Senate manager's amendment for possible changes to CLASS program, regs out in fall
dtl2011 What's the benefit of tweeting links rather than providing the link in the LMS?
God damn, is this Game of Thrones or The Walking Dead.
All kinds of arms and entrails flying around.
Yes, perpetual v.
Subscription those were the words I searched for.
I'm looking for a discount for Where might one find such a thing?
When you're mad at someone you love, be careful what you say because your mind gets angry but your heart still cares.
I just knew it!
He's also kind, sweet and humble.
He talks just like he writes and tells great stories!
I could listen to him for days...
I KNOW LOL BCG : yes...
I know u will...
charlotte need a comeback from kendoctor lame ass
Castells  learning together will pave the way for theorizing together
2 tms get swept, one loses each gm by 25 pts, the other by 3 or less each gm, Idc what the W/L column says, I view the outcomes differently
has anybody seen or heard of mister Henry Owens lately.haven't heard anything since 2008 when was suspended.
At one Starbucks in SF, my nickname was Soy Chai Guy.
Who me, predictable?
News Corporation and the Chamber are trying to redefine worker mobilization as a union trick.
i think I just blew out the mothership
make rt go get some haha or ill make stefon bring some.
I work at 8 anyways
Maybe will bring me a Chorizo at ?
:
Stretched in my chair and cracked heads with the guy behind me.
Sorry Fran xDD
I'm to exhausted.
those dang Lab's, they think they are so cute because they have a long nose....snort
Casting: what we do  what we try to do, to get films cast.
from:
Great beginnings are not as important as the way one finishes.
doctor James Dobson
These products leave my hair shiny and manageable, and they are ideal for the harsh Southwestern climate...
watch out for whales !!
really?
Why?
Ha
Why is it that stupid people think they are smart and want the whole world to know it?
come up with ur own tweets my god how hard is u dont have 2 copy som1elsles my god im almost 28,000 tweets
Walmart is so quiet  empty in the morning 
I guess.
Now how can I man up around him?
I love da fact of knowing God blessed meh wit another day ya heard meh
That i do.
It is the policy of the House to make bulk access to leg data, says
Am I bringing my Chris Brown tshirt to Bulgaria?
You betcha.
We hope to see everyone tonight at meetings in Cavanaugh 003  4:30pm....SEE YA THERE
cheers to houarts!
DID YOU KNOW!?
According to SMURF legend, a baby SMURF is born Once in a Blue Moon.
YOU'RE WELCOME!!
TweetDeck of Selective Twitter?
Which one do you like the best, and why?
So unreal!
This is not supposed to happen in Mass
from all the tweets, it seems that the session on Imperiled Promise was amazing.
Hope someone does a write up!
if I believed that was all he was trying to do.
Living here with him, view a little different.
what is klout
Keep It Rollin
Ugh my laptop is so slow today
someone beefed in the van, now i am down to 4 senses
These are the kind of days I'd like to just get on a horse and spend the entire day outside
Thanks fir the follow Fridays guies.
: I will be on after school to return them.
Xx
What doesnt kill us makes us stronger
As soon as Wesley Snipes comes back from underground he will have something to say bout that.
Thanks for the reply!
Thank You for following me!
Just mention me and I'll FollUBack ..
curling up with mashed potatoes and sookie ;
Wait, you mean it's not the Non Anglo Tickling Organization?
I was so excited that my new showed up yesterday!
Who else go theirs?
marathon finished!
Galleries, a museum, and the canyon....whew!
we're competing wed  thurs.
Performing Fri  sat nights at wildhorse.
Oh shit...
Nvm its a doctorg bust lol there were cops on searchin the grass wit lights
You should praise God just because you can.
You do not have a gun to your head so do so just because you can!
Totally feeding my instagram addiction right now.
So maaannnyyy cool pictures out in the world
o i guess u dont want those chicken nuggets.
Accept that when she is screaming loudly, its when she is hungry, upset or tired.
Not because of you.
i made a personal.:
I can handle life being like a roller coaster, just not the roller coaster in my doctorams where the track ends over some large body of water.
ThingsBetterThanTheCarterIV AINT NO ONE FINNA BUY IT, ITS BEEN FREE SINCE LAST WEEK LOL
I recommend a lot of R.
Kelly.
Old school jackets on FSOhio right now!
Currently in 2nd period.
Vote Tugnutt!
where's the lockout anthem?
Raymond Maddox  David is the conservative voice with the experience to make a real difference in Washington.
TIME BE UP  LOOKS LIKE JAMES WINS BEST SMILE WITH A TOTAL OF 10 1 INCLUDING ME nn i  your smile nn ..elevate.
:3 
This mythology project 
My mother made me step on crackheads to clear up her blackheads.
Rickyy !!
haven't gotten a tweet from you in 9 days :/, fix that ?
3
sorry I let you fellas down.
ugh Jessica Sanchez still last on dialidol but she still can pull it off if all her fans vote 2 hours and west coast votes big time for her
You just made my day.
I'm gonna be watching it all night now
:
Thewantedfollowme :D please follow!!!
U can close ya eyes to things you don't wanna see, but u can't close ya heart to things you don't wanna feel.
much appreciated sir
like where
omg I'm getting so much joy from watching people make complete fools of themselves.
thanks man
awwh I'm super jealous of everyone that's going to the Dallas show tonight.
Until next time...
Dallas better bring it ;
I would love to use your site today, is it going to be back up and running any time soon?
it's really good???
Teaching and Learning Academy rocks!
So completely over it.
MT You dont achieve a larger truth by changing statistics.
Are u over it already?
Gutkind on D'Agata
Romans?
Trojans?
Warriors?
Which teams are playing in the SuperBowl again and how does this relate?
Madonna is confusing me already...
JC, please...
you never back down from a challenge.
c u at 8, don't be late.
Lord forgive me for my sins!!!!
My brother is a funny guy!!!!
If you ain't runnin with it , run from it muthafucka
ConfessionTime I've got a secret....its Victoria's
When an iPhone dies and when you go to charge it, it takes too long to turn back on!
i've been waiting for like an hour now....
I didn't even know state happened!
I'm not on the exec board anymore!
Music becomes my best friend when nobody else understands me.
Is it safe to say the Chargers kicker pissed this one away?
Carl Bass at ideaseconomy: infinite computing most powerful force, changing so many industries.
Economics of production changing 
hello twirls fingers
infoneeds 'what does true access mean in a world of private webs ie.
FB , Pinterest etc?
If a tweet falls...
Thank u.
how nobody knows the different meanings of :  ; LOL .
Im BACK!!!!
Twitterless FoR 2 MONTHS!!!
walked 30 blocks for a job interview this morning, and now walking 30 blocks more to check out a location for this weekend
what to do today?
Why your girl think I jus wanna follow her lol
101BC Roman general Marius at Vercelli in northern Italy defeat the Cimbrians who prefer death over slavery  commit mass suicide
Where's the place to go in Chicago after the NCAA Tournament games?
Makin Tracks at for Effortless!!
I am downstairs out back.
You thought wrong..
I can't think straight with all these clothes on..
The third grader in me chortles every time I hear the phrase underwear bomb.
But you destroyed her..if she was in front of u and heard what us said she would self destruct in shame...
Wish I could be there.
Working on a few posts for the blog.
If there're any future events please let me know!
Thanks!
Are you using the KYF2 Compass as a tool to engage?
If so, how?
Thanks for the RT!
No ones hair should ever be slicked this tight
Andoctorw Cashner versus Bryce Harper is fantastic doctorma!
Cashner is throwing 100 MPH!
whats going on with marion stern?

that's awesome!
Keep me posted on how it goes.
CEO Erica Boeke and writer Laura Silvius are learning the tricks of the trade from sports producers at the AWSM conference in Philly.
Rep.
Bergel continues to support FLES as a proud LOCO native, resident, parent, and board member.
Last day
Aight...
Nobody cares...
I have a gold metal in the extreme sport of eating naan and lentils in the car without spilling.
did obama say it with the hashtag, or was that your editorial discretion?
not yet, will check it out!
:
I don't have a bank account because I don't know my mother's maiden name.
AWESOME JOB That was the BEST so far that ive heard tonight!!!
That was just BEAUTIFUL!!!!!
:
ohmygoodness.
Cher is playing at my school right now...I think you know where I'm going with this...hahaha!!!
It's snowing in Albuquerque!
Is you home doctorfty and cold?
For window  door replacement in ABQ by Pella employeesCall Jeff 3620529.
Thanks!
We'll have you over for dinner when you're in town.
we'll be there tomorrow :
Looking forward to being in Montreal  wish I had made it up home earlier to see winter, which I missed here.
It is never too old to shop their!
That used to be my ring tone.
Runnin' the ball...
LOL I see where you're coming from ;
Uh oh, Alex gave the answer!
All the women in the fam are tipsy as shit while dad grills the steaks
The Young CPAs club is having a joint mixer with the Young Lawyers.
If the Young Engineers show up, I'm going dowstairs to play Poker.
alright abel.
have fun with that.
Being on quarantine sucks!
Especially since noone is talking to me and oomf won't text or call me back NoOneLovesMe :
Deleted all junk mail and responded to urgent emails.
Determined not to stress about my new routine for the next 10 weeks.
GERMS will be sending personnel to provide the DC Department of Health with medical support tonight as we continue to deal with heat wave
Hint: If you send me an email that I start to scroll through in Starbucks doctorve thru  I never hit bottom, 100 sure I will never read it.
We're the one stop Mac
Came home to hubby cooking bacon
Interesting I need to see it!
Do you know the name of the film?
And was it Sony Pictures Classics or the main studio?
if you like ICONic Boys and one direction go Follow:
I need some followers !!
Anyone help me out here?
I Hate Mondays after working the weekend!
atleast he can read the English language in order to fill out a bracket
Are you more excited about the superbowl or the commercials?
kentucky and kansas are my winners tonight, watch out for big performances from Davis of UK and Taylor of KU
It's sad when you love each other, but the circumstances just won't let you be together.
Kareem has a joke for all occasions  ask him!
Grassy Narrows First Nation believes housing is cornerstone to independence  Lake of the Woods Enterprise
Balls so hard...
muthafuckas think I have testicular cancer.
When I was on the train last weekend, it once smelled like pot and everyone looked at eachother and started laughing.
It was perfect

I woke up today and decided that I think I'm going to try to stop doctornking.
Thoughts?
Finished session success
The more you know the more you think somebody owes you a living
just saying...
new website giffordkasen.com
10 Reflection  Evaluation
RT Another reason to travel!
Without new experiences, something inside of us sleeps.
The sleeper must awaken
RT Happy Taco Day, indeed!
Hot sauce for everyone!
Happy Taco Day my doctornky friends!
ON MA SHYYYYYYTTTT!!!
Some people know infinitely more about college football players than I know about ...
anything.
.
She rocks!
Did you make it out to the edtechsea meetup last night?
organized...
Wish I could have been there
hope you recorded Cal and play it after the break.
Little Man is moving like molasses today.......God grant me patience....on the upside he did get doctorssed on his own.

Do you ever think JeffFrancoeur will go back to Calgary?
yum....any chance your BarrieDog is soyfree?
fingers crossed
Congrats to Fran Gordon on her LVA gig.
1 out of 40,000!
Looking forward!
hahaha no not at al
everyone needs a Taurus in their life
OMG!!!
The Avengers killed it.
Best superhero movie yet!!!
Cheaper faster better buy clothes take a vacation save money now delicious one pan dinner in no time advice you can really follow.
Askin all dem question part 3: college edition:
I am craving a pretzel.
A big, warm, chewy pretzel.
With cheese sauce.
WHORE film is what i think you meant.
So glad I started following Dude is seriously funny and relevant at the same time.
Thanks for the
Thanks for the synonyms, , , , , Very helpful!
thanks Arco.
Been trying to play all day.
man u have been my favorite woman mma fighter 4 a while what u did 2nite was incredible u showed HEART, DETERMINATION,  SKILL!
i love you!
i miss you!
are you still sunning it in dubs?
updates please NoFaceTimeForMonths xx
WISH is giving away two tickets to the SteelersRavens game Tomorrow Morning with Ron, Sara  Hank.
Listen to win!!!
Lol ur all gonna get me in trouble w/my hubby hehe ; Good luck to the Eagles  to RGIII!
RT : RGIII Think u  Desi would b gr8!..
Just did a big unfollow spree.
Far too many inactive users.
This is a big series for the Indians to show if we are really a contender this season!
Once all the Vincent Price was gone, I didn't care....
although I miss all the Power Rangers.
RT : My last tweet makes me smile, cause i love his bio 
Do you ever think that the lack of evidence for Jesus' existence is because he hasn't lived on this planet for 2,000 years?
QB Stephen Morris in for the TD on a nicely designed QB Sweep.
Canes back up after halftime.
UM 21, Maryland 20
Returned to the set of Fans today.
Knocked out a couple more scenes.
Just a few more left.
Then the patient postproduction wait begins...
starting today my only goal is to get my senior year body back
Looking at things like an outsider gives you a chance to challenge the status quonot how most AAPI are raised but challenge yourself
Study Session Playlist: Iggy Pop, Passenger  Motorhead, In the Black  Gaslight Anthem, American Slang 
Working on our new website!
Poker is the Devil's game.
its ok to b a little crazy sometimes especially if its over ADAM LAMBERT!
im definitely a die hard fan!
At the EducationUSA East Asia and Pacific Triennial Conference in Kuala Lumpur.
Looking forward to a great conference!
RT : you guys should bring to the round up sometime soon :
It is one of THEE best days San Diego, CA has seen in a while 
For us it's death, taxes and construction in Cincinnati, OH.
Barry Zito pitched a gem today with a 70 complete game shutout win over the Rockies.
get their first victory.
U joining Joe Champion at in Jax Monday?
Free steaks!!!
RoyalWedding on BBC America, CNN, ABC, NBC, so mom....switching between them isn't going to make a difference...
Getting ready to see NKOTBSB in DC!
Woo!
:
There are plenty of legitimate reasons to give up or feel the victim.
Thanks so much, we could be happier about the nomination
well we all wondered which place you were at.
You ok??
I love to hear you talk :
killer Facebook app for home energy mgmt and competition...
Coming soon.
Via panel 
I bet Kobe knows who Jeremy Lin is now.
yea sorry we both fell asleep waiting for 9:30 lol hell to get old
pleeaassee follow me :D i 3 you guys x
Nap time in fifth hour?
I think so :
is it wrong for a WisconsinCheeseAmbassador to root for the Saints?
WHERE DO YOUR LOYALTIES LIE?!?
Pacers game is getting is a little cray!
...thanks for following !
Please Pray for my friends  my family, we're all going through a lot, right now!
Thanks!
Many thanks to who gave an awesome keynote 2day  lots of love for the crowd  webwise even though he just arrived from Cali
My mom just picked me up early from school
most welcome, my friend.
You should do more video work ...
and also cook me some ginger scallion noodles.
;
Find me on myspace.com/ssavina
It is so friggin gorgeous outside!
if i can get one!
Get ready for the right brain!
Here comes Domenica.
orange county, ca with a small road trip to san Diego...
Then Dallas, then Seattle.
Oy vey!
Sweet Tweets  The flow of positive social connects and showing much gratitude to those that follow.
hahaha!
My cat is a super butthead.
Her cuteness saves her.
My dog is super needy, he needs loving all the time.
Only a former Metromixer would understand haha
you got your belly button pierced?
:o
Manchester re Churchill: a conservative in the purest sensea defender of freedom, justice, and the great achievements of the past
Thanks for the link to your blog.
I will be following you to catch ANY tips.
Brand new here!
I am competing for the worlds most interesting man n I'd say I'm n the running for it.
Im read for school to end !
17 more days !
killin it  market square!
birthday yoga coming up!
a unique training opportunity led by world renowned filmmaker  expert on diversity: mister LeeMunWah Tuesday January 11, 2011 
I wish...my eyes won't stay shut lol
Newt has perfected double speak.
RT : well thats Newthypocracy at its best!
We're looking for two musically inclined people to help judge our karaoke contest.
Let us know if interested!
Undertaker knows how to make an entrance
Lol see you tomorrow 
yeah ;d
Hii how are you :?
Happy Halloween Zombies
Colts should doctorft Sanu in the fourth if he's left
Runners!
Kickit up to 4 mi this week.
Same time, Same spot Bike path  Shutters Hotel, Santa Monica, Sun,7am.
Be there!
is the ready lane open 24 hours??
Did you find someone to mow your lawn shirtless?
Coolness.
You're welcome!
what are you going to school for?
Do you like being a payroll administrator?
I think the longest line I've seen at LAS today was at Starbucks.
Happy Thanksgiving to all of you from all of us at Rocktagon MMA / CageStars.
All of this nba, nfl,  nhl is just filler until MLB starts again!
That points out my biggest beef with some forms of faith which demonize questioning and doubt.
Ridiculous to judge success of events based on secondary ticket market.
If so, we would play the Super Bowl at a high school field
Yes!
An underthebed party in Destry's zomgorgeous house!
Rockin Power Yoga with Paula Walker today, she's going to make you sweat!
121:30pm today on Miami Beach
playing fire red on my gameboy omg i love it 3
The pink slime controversy has definitely affected my food choices
Digging SMASH's Bollywood scene.
Nice to get to see Raza Jeffrey rock it out.
thanks for the mention in the daily!
FML RT : Jay Cutler has broken his thumb on his throwing hand, a source tells me.
Special exhibition Robert Moses on Long Island 19251975 exhibit opens tmister!
Explore the master builder  his work
im tired but i cant sleep /
Where R U going 4 ?
What an awesome start to our competition season!!!
I am so proud!!!
Way to rock it dancers!!!
Guys I need help, I'm addicted to Social Apps...
So I want to apologize before I over stream on ALL sites.
Selfdoubt comes from the perspective I'm not good enough.
Selfevaluation and reflection is the perspective am I everything I can be?
sleep offline GNIGHT MY LOVELIES AND MAY YOUR doctorAMS BE FILLED WITH SMILES AND RAINBOWS okbye
my jam to gurrrrl.
da boys be flocking us like bees on honey!!!!1!11!!!!
You have the most beautiful teeth I have ever seen!
it looked like freddy kruegers face but a dick
What are you doing in 2012?
Tell me.
I'm begging!
Congrats for getting her license 3 I have a job interview for the same place they just haveto interview me for paper work
Testing for my red belt today!
Then off to work at Hibbetts.
Maybe tomorrow I'll have time to make boomerangs 
CORRECTION: I have to stalk.
Lol  obviously isn't THAT busy.!
just did an amazing show at
This day is going by way too slow...
Did I really just catch the last 5 mins of Glitter?!?
the fact that i have to wait a day to watch jersey shore
I hope so.
Conan is replaying.
I wonder if there will be new people watching this time around
had a blast last Saturday at the BET Women's Health Symposium at E.C.C.
here in Newark.
Great to see so many women health conscious
If was to meet and collab with GDTOP, then she can definitely meet with no problem.
Just a thought
Brady Got the Ball at there own 35.
and GreenEllis rushes and Losses 1 yard.
the timeless battle of brother vs.
sister.
It's epic.
Still being fought to this day.
If you don't sing along with Lee Greenwood, you should be deported
cool!
When are you going to be in town?
need to make those AIM accounts for econ tomorrow..
ill work on the screennames
I considered starting an archery summer camp program.
I think it would fill up in a day.
Good to know the Jason mask stays put at this childoctorn's party!
Congrats to the !
I always bled blue and will continue to!
We had this all along!
Congrats to the entire team!
That is...I mean, it's Twitter.
Where we tweet.
What else are we supposed to do on here?!
Christine, I'm tired.
Never doctoramed I'd redo 5th grade at 47.
do the prices run by what you get on it?
: Can you organize a generalstrike like a flashmob ?
Just social media and in 5 days?
ows oaklandstrike find out Nov.
2
hey Jeydon, have you seen my bio?
We're actually family!

It's not who you are that holds you back, it's who you think you're not.
Come on BBN get behind those UKWildcats for a win!
Bank of America invests millions of dollars and volunteer hours to improve ...
MarketWatch
Solid work.
Whenever we mention the show we pronounce it Reveneighte out of respect to the numeral worshiping creators.
Watching Jerry Mcguire:
Brown bag it.
The Natalie version?
...
Big Sean was right she is a G!
LikeABoss :
love that room.
Great times
Congrats once again to on getting doctorfted by the Falcons.
Thanks for making a few minutes on a special day for you  your family!
Me too i never try anything new : RT : I'm saying I order chicken tenders damn near everywhere I go..
Thats why their bankrupt, their management of money of fucking atrocious
RT : I screw everything up.
Fuck my life.
We're gonna be doing one thing, and one thing only...
Killin nazis.
I join any line I see if it's long enough
Sunday evening reference shift.
Working on HLC Self Study tasks.
I'm chairing the logistics and communication work group.
DiGiorno Pizza Dipping Sticks are a thing.
call me back
ocwcglobal Question at MIT 10 yrs ago: how would people use classroom time when/if all content was put up on the web?
MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf if i use doctorgs.
Dayum.
Just dayum.
RT : watching the bachelorette and doctornking wine?
You lose your Penis in a barroom brawl?
Sorry about that!
I just made the Israeli film Google Doc public on the web.
It was on private
Lately, I've been acting like idgaf about you.
But I really do.
I don't know wtf is wrong w/ me.
SHOW TONIGHT!!!!
Freddie Adu is still playing soccer?
superspiritual yOu make ya baby pray before you breast feed lol
going to be a good one!
I'm always getting compliments from random cute guys/girls on the train.
Craving salad doctorssing....secret....
I suppose.
Happy chocolate day!
RT if you love chocolate!
will have to post tshirt hats soon : plus candy cane hat i finished that was custom ordered and two more xmas hats to make.
Well I'm doing it for fun forget about the time.
; thanks man for the tips.
true dat RT : I do love this business.
I'm not even sure I know what this business is.
But I love it.
Can't wait!
def waiting to hear what you did
Thank you for joining us!
Lets us know what you order.
thank you, yeah son, some sun!
Extraordinary Swag  A Mouth Full of Gold 
I wish I could just get inside ur mind and see what ur thinking bout, then again u probs don't have much up there if your starting this shit
is busy updating MyHandJobs.com
I'll even prop them up in the front seat if it saves me from fighting traffic.
I miss you too.
We have to visit, soon!
baby, I do everything...
or don't you know that by now!!!
Aww.
I like to here that : : Words cannot even describe how much I love my mom
Dear Jerk that invented lol, that for creating meaningless answers to long questions sincerely, we're coming after you
Daddy Yankee was tight when he was younger his song Lo que pas
Check my resume boo
You already have that power and you create a lot of value my friend!
Work takes over my life.
Anyone knows when my Celtics play?
huh??
Is that a good thing?
Entries that might not make the cut today: Phranc, Enigma, Consolidated, Lenny Kravitz, Bananarama.
Beats: in the top five purchases I've ever made.
Shout outs to
I'm gonna start working out more!!!
What's everyone else resolutions?
i feel u on that im bout to have to get the 100 pack for the crib
Im a real lucky girl 
How made me believe was actually from Haiti lmao .
If you're not at Ikea, you're not doing it right!!
RT : Vizcayne residents get 10 off on Saturdays if you bring in a cork.
They are being collected for local...
It's a PERFECT colorado day  clear skies, amazing mountain views.
I freakin' LOVE living here!
Dave matthew while studying  gotta get thru 6 tonight then it's dia week
OMG made me cry on I think this is my new Monday show
Hey bro I want one too!
Those are awesome just before bed :
said by someone who was stressing about his grades not that long ago...if i am correct.
I'd love that man.
Sound check is usually kids early do hopefully I'll have time pre show to feast with you.
Hit you soon!
Havent tweeted in so long!
Been so busy!
How is everyone?
that's because is not playing in a major
we're closed tomorrow for Veteran's day.
Come visit us on Saturday!
Make sure its a Filet mignon....Texas Roadhouse.
Baby!!!
Risk is one of my all time favorite games too!
Nothing like spending a day doing world domination!
haha
In feature films the director is God; in documentary films God is the director.
Alfred Hitchcock
Well, don't be jealous of me being indebted to a dealership/my parents for five years.
McSteamy isn't as hot as he once was.
I think he may be too thin now.
sensing a bit of a bias against the Aires...
that was a ridiculous performance.
unlike Afro Blu, they can PERFORM.
THAT'S ALL!!!
YOU NEVER KNOW.
THAT SHIT HAPPENS ALOT ON PLANES
Follow me back ya
I'm jealous!
Have you tried our beta site yet?
If so, tell us what you think!
Um...AWESOME!!!!!
Jonatics Are True Fans
yeah!
sorry phone is pretty much dead cuz my charger is still at so nams...
hot tub sounds so great rite now!
I stopped smoking wit haters in 03'.....
Always wondered who DarrylStrawberry or TooTall Jones would start in their fantasy football league?
Find out today!
Both Sawmill and Kenny Rd.
Borders are closing.
WaldenBooks at Tuttle stays open.
Crappiest one.
Had a great night...hubby bbq'd for sum friends and it was awesome...now just enjoying a peaceful sunday with ma kids
AmWriting and repeating, First doctorfts are always bad.
First doctorfts are always bad.
Not sure I believe it yet...
misterG PEOPLE, SO THE TODAY SHOW, IS CELEBRATING XMAS W/JUSTIN BEIBER SINGING XMAS TUNES.
WHAT HAPPENED 2 THANKSGIVING????
Please!!
We're swamped, Walters is crushing it!
RT : need me back?
Alfonso El Brut Williams is the Ebolic Inception and you can check him out on mobile.
text getebolicinception to 88704.
It's never too late to begin.
where are you?
Those are tough days.
I end up standing a lot because I can't stay in my seat that long.
Thinking about dining with us tonight?
Call for a reservation to guarantee a table.
414.225.0000
Big props for Tebow.
I love it when you're successful when everyone says U can't do something.
Faith  Dedication make the difference
bob dylan songs  saw a shooting star tonight...
it reminded me of you...when traveling i hum this song  think of my granddaughter.
Today we will be working with and on a 60's housewives photo shoot!
you told us to like 43u295094 times ..
lol .
subbed her ...
All about taco Tuesday at El Torito
Woah SmallFryArmy !
I haven't tweets you guys in such a long time!
Let's talk now : xoxo
RT : chris probably in tears of joy because the heat lost.
lmfaoo
Ahh I really wanted to do an Indy trip but I'll be in St Louis in June instead!
Im obvs counting on RJ coming  YOU SHOULD TOO!
In pictures: The Beetle, from 1935 to 2012
You mean Republicans aren't concerned about the actual vote count  are doing what they want anyway?!?!
Well done, Cristie!
It is a ghost light!
More trivia coming in the future  stay on the lookout!
I hate when my alarm doesn't go off and I miss my buss
on what?
This?
I prob won't have credit to go on twitter!
My ipods broken so I have to use my phone :'
Wish we were there, but we need clear eyes full hearts for the patrons.
,how about Piano Man for all us saturdaylibrarians?
Looks like an awesome one!
I just made cookie dough ice cream this past weekend.
Delish!
absolutely; in frequent but with specific point in mind
If that's not a sign they're tired, I don't know what is.
Need a book for the weekend?
Try Devil in the White City.
meets on 9/27 and 10/1.
Thanks for the support everyone!
one day one way!
how long is it gonna take damn
What a gorgeous day!
Days like this remind me why I doctorad the 85 jobs.
Proyects check list: 1.
Epoxy floor coating on a garage...Check 2.
Demo clean up...check
: QUICK HITS: Missouri 41, North Carolina 24 Tigers score on first 5 possessions and never look back welcome to the sec mizzou!
Dance Moms Miami soon
Why is it always the school nights when you cant sleep
With a single donation of 2700, the legal/application process to achieve 501c3 status has been funded.
More good news to come.
Pls RT
i am not convinced, matthew.
not sure if i could've told you that, but i could certainly reaffirm that assumption now
Your welcome :
Agree sir!
Twitter sucks the battery out of my phone.
Or I guess I suck the battery out of my phone while I'm on twitter.
:
Got a fail button for me phone.
I'm very entertained.
GIRLSnight are so night.
It's WOMENSnight now!
Now more than ever, Florida needs legislators who will take a stand and offer new solutions to our persistent problems.
am i ever gonna reach 2,000 followers
I do believe our wonderful President will beat the GOP at their own game  they won't know what hit them.
I sure hope so!
Plan your pregnancy, expert tells mums
If you're building a business based around today's technologies, you're already behind.
so we could date.
why else?
Im gonna have a beach body!
Haha oneday and thanks I will have to go look for that polish!
Thanks for the reTweet!
How about some water?
They are deplaning us due to SFO being fogged in...
Latest update is that they will hopefully let us take off in 2 hours...
SONOFA...
Tha cold part is that girl go to grant an all y'all no her sadly
It's hard to write for women.
Our best play  the punt!
Cal muffs it and Horns pick it up inside the Cal 20.
Cue the fight song.
All Beliebers Please follow me I donate 10cents to Pencils of promise please follow me and help make change 2011!!
Found out today how much my dog Rufus loved his feet washed w/one of my Bountiful bars He just laid there, he almost fell asleep!
Go Figure
The Grocery Gap reviews 130 studies on access barriers to healthy food.
Relationship to health.
PolicyLink.
New: study in Philly.
mine would b n Klingon
Congrats to friend on her move to WCBS.
Big time!
Saw it was official.
Super excited for you!
looks like
Republicans...
find some compassion.
Not antiimmigration but pro legal immigration.
Not big business but jobs.
finna just watch a movie til its time to go to work in the am
I'm mad Nita and Tae caught that sap tweet so fast!
Lol!
Damn!
I can't miss someone?, lmfao
Thought you might like this RT Today we're kicking off a 31day challenge.
captainre what inspires...
I LOVE YALL!!!
when i 1st heard walk away i played that song ova  ovaa again!
thats thaa song ima sing when i audition for xfactor 
cool.
And you put them in the post, clearly.
Probably cause in my Gotye fantasy he picks me out of the crowd at his concert...
Counting down, 9 days
So is in LA hanging out with ..
hey harry, you should tag along to Portland tonight for Eds show..
just a thought.
Oh yeah Rangers yeah
I love how many people who have never been to New Jersey absolutely hate New Jersey.
Just cuz they say on Feaux News doesn't mean .....
Do the research!
Fox News Experts', is definitely an oxymoron!
DO YOUR RESEARCH!
I like!
Does that make me a redneck or white collar?
Hm...
Well hello there Spring!!
What a perfect weekend ahead for a hike!!
Come join us in Boulder this Saturday...alumni.outwardbound.org
Virgo the country MB will take you to: Paris
yours has my The Beard's attention ;
Oh not at all!
We had a misunderstanding?
Me and kay kp sniffing...
Im fina work this out now i cnt stand wen we sick esp at the same time...
Missoni for Target is the new Tickle Me Elmo.
Feverish consumerism fueled by clever marketing, but still kinda lame.
At least Elmo giggles.
Im Try 2 Get My First Tattoo Dis Summer.,!
Im Be A Big Gurl...
He had to move up to Nor Cal because of financial reasons.
OMG They are annoying!!
: I hate those fckin pigs in those damn commercials.
Learn how to make healthy snacks for your Super Bowl Party at the Centre Branch on January 31st at 6:30pm.
Register online or call 2513700.
Don't share your needles with !!
you'l get the or the butt flu..
maybe a or an ahchoo!
RIP Donna Summer.
Last Dance, indeed.
Kind of amusing to be remoting into work through my TV.
Introduced someone earlier this week to the word bailiwick.
Since then, heard two other people use it in very distinct situations.
Beautiful dbl play
I kind of prefer her too.
Although I'm hoping Hilty's petulance is acting.
I think we doctoram so we don't have to be apart so long
Save it for a date or something.
Bday dinner locale was to be my choice, but Bachelor Farmer menu didn't appeal to my nonadventurous dad.
Predator  Prey  Rattlesnake  Rabbit  Delicious
Transformed into a human
i just missed pokemon
if expertise is authentic...
I agree but a lot of learners think anything on googletruth, concern
Really wanna dance like a skank to ...
But I think I'll study some definitions Instead.
Experiences are the economic offering in highest demand
ohmygosh thats the cutest thing ever.
Stop making me blush amara nn.
I don't deserve such an great friend like u
Bout to get me a new phone yea!!!!!!!
This is my last month of school for this semister!!!!
PEACE WORLD!!
THE WEAPONS LOCKER ASSEMBLING PROTOTYPES AS WE SPEAK!!!
BUT YA'LL AIN'T READY THOUGH...
2012c19 rhetorical beauty in motion: misterPete Coviello
You have to decide to change your life.
You are worth it!
You'll be able to fit into chairs!

I completely understand.
Just wanted to hear your words.
Cheers, mate.
I just saw the ultimate multitasker, a Dad was sitting in the rain working on his laptop while watching his kid's soccer camp!
In time, grasshopper.
i remember when i could handle my own situations
We went in there, did our thing, then Obama turned to Pakistan and said WHAT I WISH U WOULD.
That's gangsta!
USA!
: I just want to spend the entire day at the pool.
Is that so much to ask?!?AMEN!
Good luck :!
great to see you!
congrats on graduating from your MBA prgm at Cornell!
woot woot!!
enjoy China  keep in touch!
Just got word that tonight is officially my last night at my second job.
I have FRIDAY off!
Finally finished The Hunger Games series.
I liked it!
:
Follow  for dms to the real roc royal and ray ray :
AT THE SAME DAMN TIME
pshhh, you know me, future doctorphil guest: good girl gone bad
ok final answer Chuck Pagano
Nigga damn.
I missed my babies : /3
Im on the pursuit of happiness kidcudi happyholidays :
ever find your phone?
Ignorance of the Scriptures is ignorance of Christ.
St.
Jerome
I like when Justin has his
Wish I tweeted more.
All 138 of you are wasting your time.
you're a coward.
I'm pretty sure your photo is featured on as the fan photo of the day!
howdy stranger....
I wore my first hickey like a purple heart.
Thanks.
I forgot about artsconnected.org.
You sow, you wait for good or bad weather, you harvest, but working is something you always need to do
What doesn't kill us makes us stronger?
haha I think snakehead fish needs a new PR manager.
Some rebranding might do wonders.
Recording for next week's broadcast, cool innovation in the tickets space
it's frustrating I actually went to bed at a decent time my eyes just won't stay shut 
...stand in the place where you live, now face north, think about direction, wonder why you haven't before......
Hoping everyone is having a great St.
Patrick's Day!
Lofting weights and swinging kettlebells like its my job!
Oh wait...it is my job!
I love my job!
Top of the morning.
watching 's video on replay!!
so amazingg 3
Great to meet you and so happy to have you as a new member!
See you at the next event!
Ah..my bad.
Pumas are the comfiest shoes ever.
The past two hours have been perfect bliss.
Charles Barkley is the John Madden of basketball...
well, intelligence wise.
Give me your heart, I promise I won't break it 3
I just signed up and looking for friends on twitter
I have something funny/weird to tell Jalen lol
lolol I know
the fairly odd parents3
If we did, the species might die off.
Next up, nostril cleaning!
hmu when yall get out of school
Never wrestle with a pig.
If you do, you'll both get filthy.
But the difference is, the pig will love it!!!
What if cats began to take over the world?
hey I like your blog.
First time here for a long time but that was the first link I clicked on.
:
Starbucks  school ..
2:48 couldn't come any sooner.
Awesome!
clears his PhD proposal milestone with flying colors, contributing solutions to improve NW graph legibility.
Only a half hour until an all new PLL!
Can't wait!
Lunchtime Latina Leaders!
If you haven't seen trailer In Search of the American doctoram, get ready  Powerful.
Thx 4 reference.
sounds like it might be helpful.
Gonna need it when I switch gears after finishing speech on contacting aliens.
You are never finished.
You cant finish a methodology.
Its always changing.
RT
S/O to my new followers!
Much appreciated!
Detroit RedWings vs Preds in game 3 at noon today.
At the game?
Mindfield produced the gameopening video experience.
GoWings !!!
Shrimp suquet blowing my mind.
I need to bathe in this!
Hooray, doubleminor.
Now if the Rangers could only get a shot on goal
I didn't have any idea.
Must have been some poop nigga.
was amazing tonight!
Amy looked absolutely fabulous and Nick is so adorable, when he wasn't lookin' at my doctorg rack haha!
Catch Curator Ben Thompson tomorrow morning on in the 7am hour.
He will be discussing the new exhibition ReFocus: Art of the 1970s.
I meant Kendall, oops!
;c
When I'm in school, I wanna be on vacation.
When I'm on a vacation, I wanna go back to school.
Why does it have to be so complicated!
lol my room just got so bright I could see the posters on my wall in full detail powerful lightning!
At least Ikno I'm not failing this class I'm str8 ...
3moe
Writing yesterday was very productive.
This album is going to be so NASTY!!!
So, without Prozac, I cry a lot more.
Fancy that.
I love SSRIs!
They may catch you at first but Then throw you down like nothing ever happened in the end.One day I hope that wont happen.
Dinner at Hue was delicious as usual.
Love that place.
Then, saw a rainbow after the storm!
Yayz.
do you know when the soccer schedule will be available by any chance?
Hey Greg What's up?
Kev I got a quick question
thanks for the download as the tweet!
What do you think so far?
I had to break it to my 7yr old her fish is dead.
Yeah that worked out well.
Guys who have long hair when they're bald are like dogs with sweaters.
its awkward, sad, weird, and should never happen.
Tonights prediction: the sewers run red with Mayweather's blood.
far from shady...we'll see how shady after post pics of Madden11 in our hands b4 the release date
What sort of Disney movie are you watching?!?
oh my god thank you so much 3 You're super gorgeous as well:
Ice works great for injuries and inflammation.
Consider heat for more chronic problems or muscular tightness.
is thrilled to have 2 more LA film auditions this afternoon.
Next goal  a callback!
Wow!
HUGE bat out in front of the grocery store.
Had to have a 2foot wingspan.
Blech.
7 doesn't seem that cold to me this morning.
Does this mean I'm gonna be that shorts guy soon?
And then on Friday, April 19, I remember clearly, my day started with scrambled eggs and whole wheat toast.
Then I got this call ...
You are welcome!
: wish I could go babe ...
NEXT2NAKED you know I hate clothes lol I know u do lol
my ninja.
Thanks bro
Just got my first spam on pinterest.
Could just one thing stay spam free?!
Participating in a fascinating discussion about women in public service project w 7sister colleges, us state dpt  dell
Watching Rizzoli  Isles.
SO SEXY ; ..IM ITALIAN MYSELF AND SHOWING LOVE TO YA HUN
I do!
RT : : JLo will premiere her new video on Twitter....
who needs the media?
equals awesome.
See..
its nothin
Photo shoot today!!
This bitch....
Good job messing up my name last friday ; No wonder is catching up in followers...
I CANT WAIT TO BRING BRUCE HOME !!!
Pretty much, and I'm probably going to more devoted now than I was years ago.
After all, the TV is on...
anybodyoutthere has anyone lost both their parents in a short amount of time?
I feel so alone now
vs let's go capitals!
I hate to think that you are flying commercial jets!
Eating arepas for dinner  Meza!!!
:D
The biggest mistake people make in life is not making a living at doing what they most enjoy.
Malcolm S.
Forbes
You sir, are my future husband!
I'd run through the desert and walk through the rain, get you into trouble and take all the blame :
Most Daves in one post ever.
Or is it...
Omg Urban Outfitters has some amazing tank tops but the ones I like are crazy expensive!
:l
I'm reading on the bed.
Cat wants my company but wants me to know he does not like it.
He's on opposite corner of the bed, face turned away.
sheaintwifeymaterial if she on twitter tweeting bout how she thirsty for dick...
we would be screwed
I don't want to sound like a grammar nazi, but in the article, is said he was excepted, which means to be excluded.
Just fyi
RT : QA w/Compellent CEO Phil Soran in today's : The only storage company that wants you to buy fewer...
TONIGHT: All night Happy Hour at North 45!
Federal prosecutors bust alleged DMV bribery ring.
License applicants paid up to 3K to pass written test.
Four DMV employees accused.
Going to Karma to eat some cake, doctornk some vodka and dance my butt off
HAPPY NEQW YEAR FROM NEW YORKK
Sucks losing in pong at scooters
thanks.
you know, you'd think i'd have more than 54 followers with the level that my tweets are on.
The Vow with !!
New americanPickers tonight!
Now throw strikes dammit and get yourself a complete game Garza!
so I keep rippin apart the pieces that we made doesn't really matter if you ask me
Every person I hug says I'm a good hugger.
How can you be a BAD hugger!?
good point!
Thanks for the tip
oh sure!
And after that I can teach you how to julienne some carrots and make you a steak
re: restoring country's sanity: Stop the proliferation of weapons of FACT destruction and rearm citizens with the truth.
im fine
it was supposed to be a joyful night.
My brother inlaw graduated from the police academy.
Dear cashier Ty for the free small cup for my water and ice.
But the phrase I'm being nice should have never left ur lips.
Happy Mothers Day Mom!
Our students are amazing!
MT : Roosevelt Senior Jacquan says students forced to use back door.
Likens to Brown v.
Board
Hey , check out our interview with SUE GALLOWAY: bit.ly/o95j4p !
captainvate session went well.
Participants loved it and asked for more sessions like this :
What to do tonight..
Hmm.
Yes, but some journalists feel strongly they shouldn't vote in primaries, bc it requires them to declare party affiliation.
So there's no hope for you ever being happy o.o sigh
nods Well into the night.
Whether doctornk or not.
my spanish hw just unintentionally made an AD reference: Vendemos la casa a Marta
thanks for your support of !!
Stank booty ass bitch
what?!
That sounds weird lol, :p
Awesome way to show greater community what your librarians can do!
Love the way it's set up on the page, too.
then you realize it's me...and your excitement is tenfold?
THANKS, BRAH!
Another boring weekend:/
It wasn't intentional.
:/
At the studio, time IS money!
Plz come PREPARED.
We feel bad taking your money for time you waste...
but we'll do it!
BOOM RT : Lack of Insight Bowl
Products you use every day could be dangerous, and some companies know it.
So why don't you?
TODAY'S TMJ4 News, On Your Side, tonight at 10
Follow and help end the fight against bullying!
Farm Glass  Metal Spiral Tea Light Holder Recalled by Christmas Tree Shops Due to Fire Hazard.
Firm's Recall Hotline: 2873232
I'm stalking...
Er..
Following you now.
;
has the greatest twitter followers!
So, we are asking you.
We just got a brand new blog.
What should we blog about?
Any MSU doctornk specials?
RT Come to MSU Men's Basketball v.
Illinois at HiTops Tuesday, Jan 31 7:00 pm to 10:00 pm.
Just watched DONNER PASS for the 3rd time...
That movie got some sh with it.
A lot of blood and gore.
Indie films get it in.
Coffee  A way of life.
Hey follow me and I'll follow back
Tonite  A Dancer's Life Discussion w/ Step Afrika!
at the Atlas: www.danceistheanswer.org
if u had millions of dollars would u support ur crew and pay their bills?
..idkkkk
All I ask is for a follow back from is that really to much to ask for ugh :
and auto generation reduces the opportunity for 'same name' problems
Justin's birthday is tomorrow!
I Ate My Gluestick
Dirk can't hit a lick today.
Delonte West stepping up tho.
: Were currently focused on international markets with a variety of customers.
Stay tuned, and thanks so much for your interest!
May the lord bless you and keep you...
thank you so much for a great event last night!
C.R.E.A.M.
Wu Tang Clan
Happy Easter everyone
So occupy Philly is back.
Why do they have to block traffic though?
Stay clear of walnut street if you have to doctorve in Center City.
At SXSW?
Want a doctornk on me?
Crimson Hexagon's hosting a cocktail party.
DM/reply me for details!!
RT worstfeeling when your mind is trying to kill what your heart is keeping alive
See anyone wearing Charles River Apparel?
We would love to see your photos.
Send any pictures to or DM us.
At Vietnam Wall, headed to Lincoln Memorial  tix for Washington Monument at 9
Fun fact: I grew up half an hour away from there.
You're in the heart of hillpeople country.
Get a horseshoe at Jackson St.
Good design begins with honesty, asks tough questions, comes from collaboration and from trusting your intuition.FreemanThomas,CarAndIDer
my boys are over here nodding furiously.
They know what time it is, cakewise.
I'm predicting Ron Paul will probably win tonight...
even tho he didn't win the Iowa Pie Eating Contest earlier today
Wycombe and Exeter are both down, right?
Are you going?
Going to slepp.
Goodnight Hope you have a good sleep 3
Chasing the sun  The wanted 3
I move to my new house tomorrow, get your ass over here and get the heavy stuff so I don't have to.
Bring the ginger with you.
Man what's good tweeps feels good to be back, I been gon too long true or right or wrong HELLO STEVIE WELCOME HOME
It makes us sad seeing you tweet everyone but us : sigh
Check out Facebook for our new shipment of Sperantsa products!!
BEANIES, SCARVES, AND GLOVES!
Shooting with the fabulous Gazella today!!
Help!
Do I watch MadMen or SisterWives???
Either way it's gonna be amazing and one guy is gonna sleep with 4 women.
A growing crowd of Information purveyors will shut down service from 6:00 am  6:00 pm PDT Wed., Jan18 Wikipedia, Monzilla  SOPA Protest
exactly...I love red velvet cake, cupcakes, women........LOL!
at the Turner House watching the Pack with Jodi and Jackie waiting for the GA lottery
What up boy!
Really??
I have never had that happen on facebook
I've never heard of that one, I'll have to check it out!
Thanks to everyone who came out this weekend !!!!
Thank you!
Or lately, between cell phone upgrades.
RT : Real friends are the ones who survive transitions between addoctorss books.
Have Sunday Brunch with us and enjoy our Breakfast Burger or Breakfast Burrito.
Haition my mind!
Such a beautiful day with family and friends.
It's good to be home  awake !
:
MT : Military cancels Ted Nugent show citing antiObama comments
what a shame
I pray that we arrive safe the whole way through in jesus name...
Amen
War.
Rape.
Murder.
Poverty.
Equal rights for gays.
Guess which one the Southern Baptist Convention is protesting?
The Value of Families
getting ready for start up of jan.
classes
Holy shit, no I've never seen it but that's hilarious.
You know how I feel about Journey...
Doesn't matter, had Carl's.
Miracle Svc on TBN now!
Hosted by 't miss ur opportunity 2 receive ur Miracle!
What r u believing God 4?
At least twice a week.
RT : Do you ever feel like you just can't ever catch a break?
What do you think about this week's AmericanIdol results?
What do you do with dead chemists?
Barium...
I'm about to go in the living room and unplug the tv.
She wouldn't know what to do then.
im gonna go make a cake bye
Jeez, your just so cool sayin stuff you don't even know means, I wish I was like you.
: Great news for the Glass family tonight, glad Matt was found safe thank God Matt Glass is alive!
why do all toothbrushes have to be neon?
THEM THEY DON'T MAKE VERY MUCH BUT I BELIEVE THEY ARE HAPPIER WITH THEIR LIVES IN THE LONG RUN FOR SERVING THEIR FELLOW MEN.
OTEHR
won't be on, going to get some sleep.
school tuesday EW spread the page and help us get to Chicago 3
Hm cleaning up my room realizing how much of a pig I can be...
I need to get my shit together all aspects of my life
the same dumb ass dog that woke me up at 5am saturday attack my neighbor and her dog!!!
WTF.
dude!
Might as well give up with basketball
Can it get any hotter in my room or ?
Heard your back as a Nugget, welcome back!!
33 i love you!
Some people have an Eliminate the competition attitude No BIG tent
yah and yah and she got to meet JB on the ellen show and got to sit on his lap the whole time,i dont really no everything
thank you beautiful!
I think I got a little sunburned today.
Luv your show!
You have such a fun family!
Take care!
Starting to hate the city I live in

i just realized ...
i laugh at literally EVERYTHING ...
lmao ..
everyone tells me i do ..
but i never noticed til noww ..
hahaha :
Congrats on the tech upgrade!
Hope you have fun!!
:

I used Insanity to lean up and endurance.
I love lifting weights though.
Getting ready to start p90x again after my 5k
Now this is how you start a qa.
RT : RT : Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain, and most fools do.
Benjamin Franklin
by the way, if you will be down in 12, would like to see if you can participate in one of our Summits.
I think me and are gonna see Avengers opening day.
Looks good.
But it's not TDKR.
I can't wait!
i got a summer doctorss for the honors banquete, and some doctorss pants for the pride and unity awards, ugh i need a shirt by tuesday!
What a GREAT way to start a Friday and end a week!
Great customers gets to work with, new orders, business ramping very nicely!!
My moneys on Sugar Shane Mosley.
Here we go
I hope Portland, OR is on the list.
What a fiesta!
I'm just that mathematical.
indeed, we need to get together
Audition Tip: Be careful when changing gender of an audition piece.
Consider lyric, style,  appropriateness.
Thank you David Fincher glad I get weekend with my mom
Thanks for following
Kandi just making money all over the place.
That's what I'm talking about Kandi
Goes Live In Ten Minutes!!
just one paper.
Miami bound!
Today is gonna be a chill day!
!
ma buy some shoes an be happy
yeah we do gotta do ah track
I'm so bored 
where did you go?!
That's gotta be demoralizing, in their house no less, need this OT.
Whenever I have to give a presentation I like to tie it all together at the end with So, um...yeah.....
There's no reason to have it.
A lot more productive things you could do.
Plus you don't want to meet a guy on there anyway.
woo hoo!
Geek power!
:
UPDATE 1TennisSony Ericsson Open men39;s semifinal results
jimmy kimmel is on fire.
Lucky you, it's snowing in Kansas City today!
gosh, why are some so critical about a funeral.
its sickening.
the Whitney criticism doesn't even stop with death.
Haha.
This is the whole problem with LinkedIn.
RT LinkedIn: Miss your old boss?
Me: Is this a trick question?
that's what I figured that's good u stay out of trouble and keep me posted on Bre.
IU plays UNC next year for big ten/acc challenge!
It's gonna be a good one
Thank you professorOgg!
Good times back in the mid1980's in the Withey House  1136 Ogg East.
yes.
Milwaukee is in Wisconsin :
omg I need it!!
Thanks, Mary Ann, for the kind words!
Are there any schools you would like to see broadcasted in Indiana?
HoosierTrack is excited to start kicking off events!
This is the United States!!
Stop the polarizing!!
And Unite for the futures of our childoctorn, grand childoctorn and even ourselves!!
how you doing?
and
thanks Mark.
Appreciate the effort!
No kidding.
I plan to cut off all arguments w/ my kids by declaring the debate inquorate.
Let 'em look it up.
missin you dawg!
i never saw you on your birfddaay :/ we shall rage tomorrow and continue the festivities
The Guthrie Campaign is honored to announce Appeals Ct ruled SheriffGarcia wrongfully withheld documents  Judge Baker ruled Guthrie!
That isn't impossible?!
Welldone!
Thanks to and for being two of the coolest people I've ever met.
3
truefact  netflix is terrible:
My son for his birthday has asked for a Inca statue that is featured in Scooby Doo 'Monsters of Mexico'.
Help!
: I wanna be happy like the lady on the Popeyes commercial.
so much enthusiasm.
I just want some Popeyes!!
Ah, found the quickest way to my heart for conference presenters: Mitchell  Webb clips.
Girls with long NATURAL hair 
I actually find that there are too many portfoliocentric wp themes.
Ready for some Pinot!
Thanks for following!
All the best can't wait to see !
Ever felt u take 1step forward 2 steps back?
I Do.
So I keep a list of my steps to know I'm moving forward.
How do u know your direction?
Thanks.
: I miss you all, too.
I hear Katie is starting next month  a lot of excitement at CBA!
TO JAIL
Got some good news today, more things going on, love it
oh, poor puppy.
My dog was 7 or 8 when he was injured.
I'm sure Bailey will heal up perfectly!
The answer is UNDOUBTEDLY....
Hilary Rush Colcha Principessa Lost  Found Calypso/ Calypso Home
Early morn start w Heading to and am ecstatic.
Been waiting for this all winter.
does city need to win or just tie?
Wtf?
WHZ breaks away.
There's no excuse for that.
No way would this happen for the
i love your tweets because they are so true and make my day!
Merry start of the NBA season!
OK, Zito kept it under control.
No Decision.
He can go home tonight  sleep soundly on his pink satin pillows.
Im already bored.
Im already wise.
Im already worn.
Im already wondering What am I?
RT : Clear has been down at my place in SW Abilene for  4 hours.
clear fail!
Fantasy team isn't set yet!?!?
ITS SO INTENSE but I just ruined it and now it's 667
Since Twilight Time is licensing from Columbia, perhaps they should try to get FailSafe on bluray; I'll bet they could move 3000 of those.
how can I be nice to people and they just throw me attitude.
This is why I can't live with anyone because it going to continue to happen.
I'm sure..
Haha
Still In Love :
This Saturday March 17th is our Free Device Workshop, come in to learn more about your device 730am900am
Google Docs, stop fucking with me.
rondo's going to have high numbers today!
Why didn't Never Let Me Go not get nominated for anything?
GoTribe It's good to see the tribe over .500
Uhoh.
The doctornk tickets are working.
I sees people grinding on each other.
Get to feeling better soon.
RT in not feeling well today...
Give her some love.
but you finna be rolling OG
Nice to meet you too.
haha!
Poor him!
I know how it feels I have all sisters.
Lol I'm dying to know what happened to Shepard?!?!
Dont know what din means.
But.
Thanks.
What are you doing now?
Another Sunday!
You can find our donuts  Monkey Nest Coffee, Houndstooth Coffee, Summermoon Coffee, Monkey Wrench Books, Austin Java Cit...
i didn't know you could write in korean!
omg I love your tweets from the other day !
Miss you girlfriennn
thanks for sharing ur opinion!
It was a surprise.
: I think I have a crush.
I swear I feel like we're always on the same boat
hth2012 Frank: talking about DataOne, sets of linked archives working with ecosystem of information
Have fun you guys!
Wish I could've gone w/ u.
Maybe next year?
Have loved the Beastie Boys frm day 1; cannot rap my head around the fact that one of them is gone.
Some of the dopest beats in rap history.
Register your daughter ages 312 for the Little Miss PINC Pageant at the PA Convention Centeremail
Aye girl yhu lookin good in that shirt, in that shirt, in that lolz I said coyote ugly
junewish I get an internship with Aidan 'Rockstar' Bradley :P Pretty Please?
wat up wat up!
Chingo!
So was up with that problem solver can u help me??...
ha ...
straight up...
Thanks for the follow my friend.
Hope to see you again soon.
Jordan is makin me feel something in my heart.
Carrying the Canvas 3001 fashion tee for a limited time at 2.25 per unit.
How about adding a full color print or your LOGO?
20?
That's crazy.
Kids can live w quarters for now.
What's next?
iPads per tooth?
Who needs the news when you have twitter...Bye bye Anderson Cooper hello man from virginia with countless hours of free time
Stay Tuned!
Plenty More Shows!
You're Welcome!
I was actually emailing with Amanda about this earlier today.
would also like to help, or attend.
I can commit!
there is nothing better in the world
yea that shit was crazy LOL.
I was finding the situation funny but I was waiting for smtn to happen cuz I woulda had her bak
BongoConvo what can we expect for the new season?
cutting the new carson henley music video!
I was curious.
Change what?
I said.
Your personality, he said.
I smiled big and called Okay as I walked out the door.
GTWT is a huge fan!
We work with youth in East LA on health  nutrition  college access.
Thanks for all you do for our kids!
celebrityasaspice: Clove Owens
New picture is titled Space Tony for abstract reasons.
This is how I spend my Friday nights.
you too LOVE : have lots of FUN
Carlos Ruiz  Mark Parent
nice quiet sunday night with the fam.
Loving this moment!
Really wish Baylor would stop rocking those highlighter jerseys!!!
It39;s doctorving me mad!
Good luck!
I did B1 and B2.
Great stuff!
2nd one said is Haley cheating on me.
Since I am at work, can someone please text me primary results as they come in???
Linsay Lohan has been and ALWAYS will be gorgeous!
WILL you be come on a cone this fall in Boston for your tour?
I need my moment for life!
Doors are now open!
Our 1 doctorft  2 You Call Its doctornkSpecial Begins NOW!
Free dance lessons begin in 15 mins so let's start this party!
Time for sleep!
The only reason I said It's to hard to explain is because I'm really just to scared to tell you...
charles shaw RT : What kind of wine pairs best with top ramen?
Let's get the Scorpions 1st victory tonight!!!
Lloyd: FCC needs to hear from libraries during comment period.
Comments due by July 9, 2010.
www.broadband.gov
Happy thanksgiving, OFA family!
I'm sure she'll pop up :/
ATTENTION DJs!!!
Send Me Emails, New Song Called My City
Tinseltown is going to be packed tomorrow night
I feel like whichever intern claiming that everyone wouldn't do these things needs to be reminded of Ron Paul...
Corey Hart still working out at first base this spring?
ive asked about you and theyve told me things but my mind didnt change i still the feel the same.
Wow!
She'd never seen anyone add oil?
Oh, and newer cars are so much harder to maintain!
Changing headlight bulb  nightmare.
...you live two streets over
mobile card app needs to get on the stick fixing their app for the HTC EVO gingerbead update!!
bad vibes from you
Good morning world.
Starting g off the day perfect so far.
Glad he's worried about our head football coach situation with the border war looming.
Winning by field goals, is hardly worth bragging about.
really!
who that be?
I find em :
The 2012 NBA Playoff Guide: Part One  Thought Catalog
P Positive M Mental A Attitude
Oh yeah :
Working on a basketball promo video for Shaw University in NC with Head Coach Cleo Hill and Asst.
Coach Joe Simmons
I'm a freak 24 hours a day 7 days a week fuck all that just being a freak at night shit
if a guy is british, he is automatically hotter!
1donuthappy, 4donutsguilt, 8donutsanger, 12donutsacceptance, 13donuts, well let's just say a diabetic coma is relaxing.
You have to stand for something or else you'll fall for anything.
we always get a raised eyebrow when we say team BDSM!
Congratulations to  for receiving the National Medal for Museum and Library Service!
thank you to all my new followers we always follow back
So far, so good with morning fog formation but thicker fog just W  SW of MKE
Okay, so now Crystal is laughing at his own jokes.
we want DP2.
Please make it.
It would be a doctoram come true.
:
The only sure thing about luck is that it will change.
Bret Harte.
Loving the colorful floral peeptoe pumps this spring!
Perfect with jeans or officegear!
I rather pathetically use my laptop and phone for pics.
I really need to get a camera!
Yeah.
How do you know Paul?
Send me a DM.
cant wait to see it!!
have a great day!!!
tell the guys hi for me, please!!
well I'm happy the players like him at least
Haven't really been a fan of meek mill but this new tape goes pretty hard..
im quite impressed db
Happy Mother's Day, Mama!
I love you!
Miss you!
Wish we were together today!
Big hugs!
Delta sends her luv too!
when you cried in little manhattan..
I cried too 3 3
Did you get in that power nap!!
Little man moved to table, I bum a toothpick, then he shoves on my open next hand.
Don't rub it in ;D
Biggy 112 the sky is the limit..
Thas the feel
the Bristol Renaissance Faire.
I believe its just over the Wisconsin border
time magazine is going to milk this for all its worth
I hate that when im nervous i get so red wah.
just did.
looks.
so.
delicious.
will have to try it out!
thanks bro
If 1 life is saved it was worth jumping on the bandwagon.
we are so glad you had a great time, and we miss you today!
about to take off.
Thank you for everything, will let you know when I get back to boston tomorrow.
Love you!!!
Impressed as heck at Scholastic for publishing The Hunger Games.
Also that it was made into a pretty good movie.
yes, the event is at the former NSLS office in Wheeling.
The mom when I picked up my 12yrold from a sleepover: They did play outside.
They were out back trying to light a pumpkin on fire.
tryna gain some knowledge...
I'm not seeing those ugly black squares in people's tweets anymore!!!!!
All that matters is back in the 8th spot with a chance to get 2 in a row at Cleveland tomorrow!
MY MIND'S ON MONEY NIGGA WHATABOUTYOU MAYBE IFF YA LEARN TAHUSTLE YOU CAN
are you visiting or moving here?
question: sushi or seafood/ Mediterranean ?
Hint: 2 votes on the sushi from us...
But u have 2.5 votes yourself !
mobile office hours are ..
now?
Where do you live?
I know you don't have a green card.
Wondering what email service you use and would recommend?
MailChimp, Constant Contact, etc.
It's important to distinguish when you have wisdom on the crowds and when you have the madness of the masses
Doctor Who Series 6 soundtrack is now on iTunes.
60min writingsprint  the bottom of the hr.
Who's pacing me?
Thanks for a great semester!
whenimhomealone i watch the garage door go all the way down just in case someone goes all james bond under the garage.
clues We'll be also interviewing someone who toured with , a rapper, and someone on GLEE!
: Any guesses?
I might go 

students cannot develop the content of a subject matter that they need to learn.
There lies the problem of your method.
lol true, but I don't wanna be anywhere near it seeing as I was frisked by TSA ppl  and there's the protesters ect
finally something your not good at lol, im good at tennis and swimming, i almost made state for swimming this year
What's the best way to make money while still being tangentially connected to Art HISTORY?
Restoration?
Curatorships?
Unesco?
In the lab working...
wat genious will today bring us....
Another Vikings stadium proposal at the last minute.
We'll have details coming up on the
What is life without a purpose?
What is purpose without love?
is so fckin mean too me!
This year at is going to be epic!
At joes on juniper
In the bus going to afterschoolcare gonna go see the guy I like : And every body remember You are who You are NO ONE needs to approve it :
Often give up my Saints tics to Neil so they can take friends.
Really love watching the game on TV with tweeds!
WhoDat!
All of themwhatever the number isI believe he's gone 413 since 06 under 30 seconds RT : how many has he missed?
watt r u talkn
Yay.
A girl got mugged in broad daylight outside my office.
N la cienega??
What???
Best.
Tweet.
Ever.
We are humbled.
hm, we should rock it monday;
twittle me this twittle me that!
perfect way to spend your time in Miami!
Good luck on your next challenge!
Black Cherry Crush is about to rock out at Alderwood Mall for their summer concert series and then off to White Rabbit 2 view our new video!
We might sell your information to 3rd party spammers
Love aviation,kids want to see static displays of aircraft?
Head over to Cutter Aviation at the airport today, 95 to learn more
: We were behind the curve just 6 months after passing the 1996 Telecom Act
Woah you did Iron Man?
That's amazing!
Congrats!
I miss you too, come to Cali this summer!
I want to see you!
I have decided that needs to come to NM : just for me!
: cuz I kinda like them
Thanks for the follow.
I'm currently trying to get my first book off the ground.
I loved how you did the estore on your site.
iend at his job and i look so idle
Handbag lovers
I fucking hate Anthony Davis
Why is it that some people don't like watching women play basketball ?
Congratulations on winning a 1 year membership giveaway to !
Please message us with your contact information.
Alotta shit on my mind, thoughts are so cluttered I need hoarders to come and sort it
Hello People!
:
Talk about motivation!
Thanks for your tweet earlier!
:
so THIS is where I went wrong?
You just cant do it!
I felt the same way about HG, did like that Katniss is the antiBella
Celebrate the beauty within...
But, what about the insurance corp itself?
Seems like I could join State Farm through an independent agent.
What's the diff?
I plan on Publishing The Sea in a few Months So please look for it thank you.
Dude.
Next time you are stick digging thru your change jar, you'll thank them!
; haha
RT : : and the other 5 of security people still use Gmail but don't complain about privacy :  yup  1 ;
Just Listed: PTClicker 
Everyone has a secret That they will never tell That can break your heart to pieces.
I thought I loved her but she just like the others so fuck her!
Dj Bigg Patta
let's do it!
You have folks in SF, right?
the only person i trust is the 1 i see in the mirror !.
your face is freaking beautiful
Twitter spam is the best, isn't it?
This.
RT So much of advising students on research projects is just repeating, Don't freak out.
You can do this.
I am not the biggest fan of rum.
FF Our partners this week
So sum 1 recorded a conversation of mine, that's not keeping it 100.....
REALLY THOUGH?
Johnson family vacation hell yeah
Tebow started out all kinds of Ghostbusters One but I think we really all knew he was really Ghostbusters Two all along.
SubhanAllah.
I read both early reports such as you mentioned and later reports as well.
Hold me.
I'm missing Evanescence to see tonight.
The sacrifices I make for and
you and the zombie apocalypse came up in an edit meeting today.
true story.
Happy Bday Boo!
Thank You Come Party With Me Tonight  Peanuts!!!
better rain all night so i dont have to take out the trash
The Cheapest Way To Get iPhone!
Heres a wise solution!
is exhausted.
lmaooo!!
it costs 1,679.60 for to come live with us3 ahahaha how creepy am i
Soo uuhh I think ur hot umm yeah that's pretty much it
ment to spell it like that nd oh
I wish more people were arrested for Obstruction or Harboring a Fugitive.
It might get thier attention if they have to go to jail.
Leave me alone hopoff you'reannoying
Julie, thanks again for letting me know about the opportunities at I just applied for the Account Coord.
position.
Seriously, John Hancock Observatory, David Schwimmer is your narrator?
Did you even ask Morgan Freeman or James Earl Jones?
Have any of you had any positive or negative experiences with Swiss International Air Lines?
Never flown with them before..
Luke and Matt Goss of Bros both turn 43 today.
They're twin brothers who were teen idols in the 90's.
wait you wanna train to?
use nickles, the are almost perfect.
youare so awesome, thank you!
i will be sure to promote this today :
Moccasins with fur lining are amazing!

Unbelievable show tonight at Winter Jam!
Wow!!!
There is no doubt God absolutely loves head banging worship!!
Armor Up!!!
Lost power in fairport ny
Heard it ina love song..can't be wrong!
glad to hear my man repping hard again.
re: coding booth at summerfest  that's actually a kind of interesting idea!
Why is it so hard for me to forgive ppl that hurt me
and 729 as of 11:49pm.
585 concerned listeners on the Kenosha feed right now.
see ?
SO excited for the BELIEVEtour.
I'm buying tickets no matter what
My advice to  HP: Imbibe Rams' Ten principles of good design:
My favorite part in THE RAVEN is when the killer smugly asks, surprised?
and then I, befuddled, responded, who the fuck is this?
Wel are studying tonight right!?..
Can't wait to see Haruspex and Volumes march 8th
Cecconis for Easter lunch  my favorite restaurant in Los Angeles.
Happiness.
...crawl through fire to vote against is EZ.
Are you willing to pay the gas prices to get you to the voting precinct?
i wanna go jogging outside but it won't stop raining 
Finally broke down and bought premium.
It makes being a the gym much more enjoyable!
that is a hilarious statistic.
Did they say if it happened after a dinner of Ikea Swedish meatballs?
okay...i will no longer make plans ahead of time to go...i'll just go on random days so the weather doesn't decide to get all crappy..lol
good to finally meet you in person brotha!
Wow...
at Panera and just saw an old man approach a huge table of people he doesn't know and speechify to applause.
It's like a movie!
Get into guiltypleasures for just 5 tonight: say: Who took the cookie from the cookie jar?
Was it you?
at the box office.
RT : today is the 120th anniversary of the 1st documented  Ice Cream Sundae!
Am i being accusd of shit already // this wild
And I don't know what road we're or where we been, all I know is I don't want this night to end :
waiting to see if Cali secedes first, since they went first on an antigay marriage amendment.
Just had CurryGoat with WhiteRice.
: yummy
repaired!
I am beyond happy right now, u have no idea :D
thank you so much for the RT!
I thought is was kind of funny since I learned about Guy Fawkes night in university in Germany :
Last musetech class tonight!
Best of luck to everyone on their 5 minute pitches.
A good elevator pitch is essential to innovation.
Wanted to wish all my friends, coworkers, clients ...
a safe and Happy Holiday!
Welcome to the stage Matt Domo of for the keynote presentation this morning at
rockin First Aid Kit !
Thanks for the FF!
Lmaoo girl those are some boy shorts on you!!
And now addicted to  don't tell my bank account or my bosses.
Bumping Mental Warfare
Rad thanks!
RT : Exclusive to Capitol Hill/CD, Epic Cookie No5...
Smell Epic.
Be epic.
i know!
Lunch soon :
TWO talks today: Nathaniel Smith on Japan, 1:00 Brooks Hall Conference Room; Gao Fei on China, US, and Russia, 3:15, Wilson 301.
thanks for the follow!
Have a prosperous new year!
will tell you but then I will not be the doiggy anymore
Bout time they air these games
Hey Belynda, I am glad to follow a FICA sister
Please follow and let her know i sent yu!
she opened for cody on november 19th 2011 :
There's a saying: 100 of people who support the Bible don't support 100 of the Bible.
Ready for tomorrow night bitchess.
Throwin down 200 for JUST liquor
So I was following everyone following until I got to 2k and it doesn't let me follow any more,ooh well..
WellersAreAwesome3
Your life is your message to the world.
Make it inspiring.
Lorrin L.
Lee
I'm follower 200!
Great seeing you in Chicago this week and I love my new pair of !
Did you Move to Miami??:
Oops.
Didn't see your tweet..
Yes.
We are going to go to the gym.
;
I have to win first lol.
Do you guys have the lottery where you are?
You should go play too!!
Dirt!
In the cat food!
Klout thinks my second most influential topic is...Cats?
Where's the K button?
In Queens.
How should the story begin  ?
Give me your email and I'll send a few over
Oh lord not me .
Produced by Top Dolla Beats sick shit .
Link will be sent soon
Old ass WHITE man says to me, only way this country will get better is if Obama gets reelected there is hope
Canvases are stacking up...
come and add to the wall on the last day to participate with Amanda RossHo in the Untitled Nothing Factory!
that's good
Love and joy come to you.
And some wassail, too.
Merry and beautiful Christmas!
Wow i see alot changes !!!
We don't change what we are, we change what we think what we are.
Eric Butterworth
I loved u on the wendy show...
first time u didnt play with ur tongue and teeth lol I was waiting for that but u didnt :
oh yeah singing my but off on fiiiiirrre!!
awe D yay
Thank you thank you thank you to my new followers : one more till 200 ILY guys XD
Whoa, whoa, whoa, I am clearly NOT that smart.
Bailey, what do you want to bet?
I'll take Michigan.
:
Why ANYONE would go to Oakland is beyond me.
BreakingNews Update: Occupy Oakland arrest totals about 300, police say  AP
To waive or not to waive?
That is the question.
Rain, rain go away!
Is anyone still planning to run outside today?
Tips for running in the rain?
love Tina, my huband wants to know if she has her glasses with her?
He likes them ;
come back to 15th street!!!!
Or anywhere remotely close, Haha.
I miss you.
:
I walked outside and came right back in........I'm not going out till like 6 bump that
TV is disgusting....luckily , we have a sat dish.
...right on..quite the bullshit .i bitch about that free hand out shit all the time..people that steal my tax dollar
but the war in unavoidable, obama is just wasting money on stupid government agency's
you moving?!
Watching Philip Rivers last night was like nails on a chalkboard.
I don't care how poor a man is; if he has family, he's rich.
Dan Wilcox and Thad Mumford, MASH
Yeah, bought my old dept a couple of Powershot cameras,  we def liked 'em, but batteries never lasted.
You've been happy?
whats up man?
You sign up at USAT yet?
Singing....Yewah be praised...all the glory belongs 2 u all th glory belongs 2 u oh God and we say Hallelujah
shoot the breeze?
Urban dictionary has a good def.
Looking forward to the first ever is it true CriticalHitComics has a table at this event?
random tweet to I heard We Didn't Start the Fire today and it reminded me of a column you did in early 90s.
so you come to my house and can't wait for me to get out of the shower :O I'm officially disowning you as a family member.
bye.
My neighbors are going to kill me any minuet now cause I'm blasting Feel So Close To You ;
ya'll are gonna love our blog site...
raining cats, dogs and wooly mammoths.
considering turning my spare tire into a raft for survival purposes
: tonight lol Thanks can't wait
PS.
Where's my cake?
You know, the actual one you bake.
Lol
Lol yea bro!
you gotta come out here and get tatt'd son!
The S/S '12 issue is giving me LIFE!
The shoots and trend spreads r always dead on  the makeup/product reviews r VERY useful!
My dad had this philosophy that if you tell childoctorn they're beautiful and wonderful then they believe it, and they will be
I know seriously, coolest player ever and aint even verified
lol what were the plans
Like FREEPIZZA?
Text FacebookPJ to 90210 for your chance to win one!
Normal msg rates apply.
Happy birthday!
: Hope you have a good day!
I'm really not having a good day today...but that's life.
Can't dwell in the valleys when there are so many peaks to ascend
inverted nipples..
where you been?
Stay positve...stay positive....stay positive.....geesh, some things are just hard to bear, and difficult to find the good in....Thank...
No!!!
Lol!!
: My mama is STILL wondering why Kobe  Lebron weren't in the Super Bowl...I give up on her
it's freezing outside
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend.
Henry David Thoreau
AND I CAN'T HANDLE THAT EL PAdoctorNO DIDN'T WIN.
You had ONE job on Cinco de Mayo, Mexicannamed horse...ONE JOB.
I want taco bell!
One Direction and I TillDeathDoUsPart, I will always love them.
: xx
who wants a free beat?
but I couldn't help having a little bit of hope
Watching TwoMulesForSisterSara.
Gotto love old westerns.
Eat doctornk Read will include sweets.
Chef/Choclatier William Gustwiller's choice is Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
I would pick probably the only Fucking computer on campus the dosnt have powerpoint.
There's an alarm going off somewhere outside.
It won't stop blaring.
I think I should be allowed to go home.
Can't work in these conditions.
Are you talking about a shoutout?
If not, I'll give you one anyways :
well itsgood u think yo team will mess with the Pack but yall aint on our level yet!!
We will c!!
Dont change so people will like you.
Be yourself and the right people will love the real you.
Just finished Tina Fey's book, Bossypants, it was well worth the fifty cents I paid at the thrift store for it.
any plans on a mobile app
Creepy: One seagull outside my window sounds like a human screaming.
You were not kidding about that fig!
Another amazing batch.
I think he was laughing his ass off!
But you can imagine it the other way.
:o haha
Anybody having a wonderful day?
Yeah like pedophile's and like rapest and like old men seeking dirty stuff  Lololololo3
It is Abosolutely Imperitive that the Jewelry I purchase has genuine stones!!
how much
yup.
i believe you are right sir.
I'm going to Al Green!!
Yes.
The wrath of brothers is fierce and devilish.
RT comes a point where you're too hungry to have the patience to cook a meal.
Thank goodness I live in Restaurant City USA.
Ridin round wit that nina !!!!
Smokin on that kiesha!!!!
We like these recent ipo stocks: ET and DWRE.
Cloud play stocks will contunue to outperform...
wants to break my boyfriends mw3 disk...
go to sleep fool lol
Jay Cutler is going to have PostTraumatic Sack Disorder by the end of his career.
I'm afraid that you'll never know how I really felt .
Well ladifuckingda.
Waste of life
If you're an Independent Artist with a video in Hiphop, Soul, Reggae, Pop music OR Spoken Word, send link to  IVCTV.NET
Friday the 13th 
Nameless Sound seeking grantwriting intern.
Send resume/writing sample to: ayanna namelesssound.
so exciting.
wish I could join you..
Law and Order SVU marathon, I blame you for my lack of productivity today.
Thanks A LOT, Olivia...
I feel better...
Security just informed me that if he steps foot in the lobby they are gonna fuck him up no questions asked!
Haha
Being an Actor: be excellent; be memorable; be likable.
Burning up by.
This fireplace
Thanks for the support!
Keep up the good work.
Spread the word...
Only if you wear cordouroy!
COME TO KANSAS SO WE CAN GET YOU IN A BETTAH STUDIO BRUH
where's training?
the facilities are amazing there !!!!
'' forever ,, katy perry 
what inspires you to act?
post here
the feelin i get wen i c u is describable, ur smiles keeps me goin, ur looks feel my heart with joy
Late Nite Sex Nite Lets Get it
definitely bad bad
Here go some shit for niggas to be in trouble.
Mornings.
Suck.
xD
I'm assuming you share my concerns whether that show would be as funny 20 years later.
But there's only one way to find out.
This episode of is inducing pyromaniac fantasies.
Does that make me a bookburning librarian?
Anyone looking to buy a car?
I've got a Ford Escape with 60k miles that would be right up your alley.
Good afternoon everyone;
Victoria's Secret Denim Launch Party tonight in Hollywood!
at home chillen bored
Losers live in the past.
Winners learn from the past and enjoy working in the present toward the future.
Denis Waitley
is AMAZING!!!
FOLLOW THEM!
CanYouFigureOut why racism still exists in America today?
Get pumped.
Go Pack Go!
RT : I'm not sure I can use this as an official announcement.
RT : My nigga jus gt doctorfted by da packers'
ICantStandPeople who chew with their mouths open ;
I'm startin to learn this twitter talk!
haha I like it...turkey is always a much better choice!
ooh they look yummy...
Gotta eat meat today   or go Vegie.
Why?
You didn't know???..
It's National Respect Chickens Day .
.
.
sorry KFC...
its interesting to see the first doctorfts.
I always laugh when I see the original Simpsons episodes.
Lol that akaward moment when I'm making a delievry and my customer and I both bend over and we both know I looked down her shirt
AGirlJustWants to ramble on and on about horoscopes...
blah blah blahgatarius
I can't get this song out of my head!!!!!!!
If you can't deal with haters you should get out of the game
Can't wait for jiujitsu tonight!
Talked to a good friend.!
Made my night 
ThoughtsDuringSchool man I should really write this down...eh nah it can't be that important...
Last call, Chloe!
If you don't direct message us by midnight Friday, Apr 6, we'll have to name a new winner in our DVD giveaway.
Adult learners will retain more and adapt earlier when they can do rather than watch.
me  you equals this weekend !
What does Colorado taste like?
Crown Royal
let's take a quick poll: Does Raburn deserve to get booed at home?
Girls, if your current boyfriend cheated on his ex with you, he's probably cheating on you with his next girlfriend.
finally headed to the bar for Amy's birthday.
also, I twisted my ankle in a puddle.
:
What's for lunch today?
Chalupa with Santa Fe black beans  rice, corn, salsa, cinnamon apple slices and milk.
thanks man
The student section is embarrassingly empty.
Come on step it up!
Haha!
RT Joss Whedon should come to ComicCon  just jog a victory lap in Hall H, high five everyone, and leave.
should skip and come with me mommy and grandma :D
Two Door Cinema Club will be at Free Press Houston on June 3rd and 2nd
What is may 5th day?
The Tweet goes on Sweet Tweets:
thanks for the comment.
If I can be of help to you or clients, please let me know.
Si pollack, TheBlindManNM.com
Now thats just pathetic!!
I suppose that, technically speaking, all soldiers are licensed to kill, but my army career involved killing time.
Coincidentally, your friends are also grateful for you.
See my recent tweet regarding Miles' Stuff  Tony's playing on it...
: Agreed.
Tony Wolliams too.
Oh my gosh how much you want to bet is scared out of his wits to come on twitter right now???
Let ya next move be ya best move
there's a she wolf in every girl apparently 
RT if you BELIEVE in your fans.3 13
I have to do a semesters worth of English in two days.
Can it be done?
Love listening to the , he is such a great analyst!
What good is a cellphone if the 3 numbers I got for you ain't right?!?!?!
BlowinSteam then continue the doctoram....
I aprecciate the recomendation for your Kshaun to me about the beats .
MWN Members!
Don't forget to check your PROJECTS page!
There are a ton of opportunities up right now!
I think this girls dude is gay
working beethoven for 2 gtrs  sight reading with students in austria!
only few sonatas good 4 gtr !
but this one really works!
Gallery 114 is open until 6pm tonight.
Tomorrow is the last day to catch the spectacular Signing the Ocean exhibition.
Good Morning....
Happy Sunday FUNDAY
I have to think the giant 192 million boxoffice delta between 1st  2nd will never be matched again
Yes...actually found an under priced bottle of Frogs Leap that I snatched up!
love that sweet face!!!
edshow MEDIA MATTERS still hopelessly looking for CHRIS MATTHEWS' brain to install newsfeed chip.
yeah duh gurl you already kno you love
Booth time!
Always puts a smile on my face ;
Integrity is doing the right thing when no one is watching:
I can haz ALL TEH mortgage complications!
:S
Everyone need some knowledge!
Tell me what you know about Facebook ParentChild pages for businesses.
Researching want to know what u know.
Working while sick is both fun and exciting.
Going to be a great show!
RT : ...the are looking forward to coming to Boston to play with the Pops!
Im on dat
we were late, we can't go out
MPLS moonset.
Maybe getting up early on Saturday isn't so bad.
I wholeheartedly agree!!!
if you don't, I think should
is glad they found Ira!
A frightened dog running amok through the rainy city streets is never a good situation.
Studios  indies alike have since instituted lots of new policies, incl a Green PA position on indv prods  Green Execs at studio level
if you got it you got it you got that voom voom' 3
Wine night with and watching Big Brother, great way to end the day!
Vampires, witches top favoritecostumes list for Halloween.
Boy's costumes: SpiderMan, pirate, vampire, Star Wars character
I'm litterally sick with excitement of how great this Summer is going to be.
Its hard when others demand too much from you.
Its even harder when you demand too much from yourself  Robert H.
Connelly
Also?
I can do whatever I want for the next 28 hours.
I feel so free.
I gave a wedsite never seen b4 HeavyD interview I did 2008 MTV awards.
I told him I did that 4 me.
He said it was 4 hiphop I sad I am hiphop
s/o to all my new followers....i appreciate the support!
We would, but we are at our following limit...
I'm not sure how to get around that...
As soon as we can, we will!
HAPPY EASTER!!!
december weekend may be better cause I don't think I'll quite be there that early in November
Third Grandchild on the way!
its a Boy Connor Micael Baldoctordge
I'm glad you like it.
Next signing at 5 pm, booth 4134!
I'd participate in an educoach book chat over the summer.
: 
Kind of melty from being in front of my window all day, but it's still dark chocolate!
Took 15 minutes out of my busy day and played my guitar, wrote a country song :
RT i hungry // try food
there are services which use software transcription Voting record on each issue should be in a database.
I know right?!
unfucking real.
but it isn't over yet.
one win from the Stanley cup finals..hardest win to get.
lakings Coyotes here is to Sunday!
High school is fun, but totally stressful!
Tomorrows the second day and I'm stressed.
DontLetThisBeReal ah
send me a shout out i really need followers get me to 45 and i will be SO HAPPY
I'm kinda happy that I'm getting my braces off in 3 or 4 weeks!!!!
:
It is.
But I'm turned off by its 20 price tag.
wine director Jamie McLennan is on his way to Publican to topple a seafood tower.
happy birthday!
Great E21 breakfast meeting with , and heading now to for 911 interview en Espanol!!
Taiji 9 boats doctorving a pod of dolphins toward the cove.1 boat returned to harbor to prepare skiffs and netsTaiji NAZI AUSCHWITZ
WALK OVER TO MY HOUSE LIKE RIGHT NOW!
RT : Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned.
I just need a break from everyone
You piss me off so fucking much...
but I enjoy your tweets iloveyou : RT : Someone comfort me
morn friend !!
Chris Hansen featured that case on Dateline.
Jerry Howe was able to do what our government wouldn't do.
How fun!
Yeah they seem super tough to make although of course he made it look easy today.
getting there sweetheart..keep checking back for updates ; ella
I am so there!Love this kind of thing.
Wonder how you'll pull it off?
LSP going to let you dig a pit somewhere?
Planters somehow figured out a way to fuck up almonds
argh, I almost managed to get them out the door, lol
why is Steve Wilkos trending?
um.
'say you're the real Slim Shady.' 'I'm the real Slim Shady.' 'you're a liar!'
Had a doctoram that someone was trying to make me take a Spanish conversation class for no particular reason...
Please support me in my efforts to raise money for the Special Olympics as I run in the Lincoln Tunnel Challenge!
So not bringing mine ; Are you coming!?!?
We need to chat stat!
Plus, St.
Pat's plans?
Let's celebrate juntas!
excited about the schedule changes for matches coming up...
is much better in the evening!!
I hope you had a great day.
Did you get closer to your goals?
Here's to a strong tomorrow :
I so hoped that they would make it, so sad.
And after all that she went through.
Working at Smoke  Barrel in Ad Month.
Come join me!
Certainly, the bell could be rung with a usinger's sausage.
i'm a little worried about finding a musicalsounding meat, though
She's always rushing me!
I feel like cryin right now!
hell yeah that motherfucker is gonna buy me a new car.
What movie was it?
RT : The amount of pseudomotivational speaking currently being presented as social media expertise is astounding and horrid.
Sitting w/family  Actors' Playhouse 4 start of Madeline's Christmas..
Bring your family support the arts.
It starts w/our youth
Trying out today for a haircut.
Let's see how it goes!
:
actually i might be able to transcribe it myself it gives me something to do lol
Thoughts on the Andoctorw Shaw suspension?
ShawShanked Blackhawks v
Why stop at women?
Minorities too.
only when they're being naughty.
See you all in 2012!
See you at the Capitol tomorrow WIUnion, if not tonite.
thats your little boo thing?
it is arguable that authentic is more important.
RT : Brain Teaser: he is going to make my house payment!
Merry Christmas everybody!
Victory is sweetest when you've known defeat.
sucks.
I still have my Env!.
How did I go all this time without madmen?
My life feels complete again?
Hey Bestie, hope they aint working you too hard today:
I will!
not sure that makes any sense.
How is trying new things partisan?
It's the best way to push yourself  to learn.
Ump did blow that call, but much worse blown call in previous inning at 3rd had cost the Phillies a run.
Thanks for the love, !
we do you can stop in for a bite and a doctornk!
NO most people as has been shown to you on my timeline do see past your line of BS
Hello new friend thank you for the follow!
:
yaaay :D Have a safe flight darling 
that tweet makes perfect sense.
fwd that email on to whomever your good heart moves you!
Finally got to watch LoveAndHipHop tonight..
Was waiting on this.
Living the doctoram every Monday at Call 4 Action.
Other than that, I'm working furiously on my CL, resume and job searches.
it is one of our top priorities to protect the wellbeing of our valued patients!
Become a part of the Kravitz Dental family: 954.430.4334.
Have you linked up with AS on twitter and pinterest?
If not, WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?!
Thanks for thinking of me, I am definitely looking forward to it!
so for you not wanting twitter it seems like you like it haha.
You use it a lot!!
Damn, that was a quick sellout.
Oh well.
We need to do an type thing in Philly!
Sure, when they're below the 100 pitch mark.
I'm with u on Pryor he is good made some mistakes taking honerable chances but add his speed and made throws impossible to some
Happy Mothers day.
To all the mothers and grandmothers, by birth, adoption, or association, out there, for all the love, care, patience,...
When the grass looks greener on the other side of the fence, it may be that they take better care of it there.
Cecil Selig
Lovely to see you here!!!!
Walking 18 tmister morning sounds amazing
Aw, ditto!!
RT Super productive afternoon.
I thank coffee and 's company.
Got choir solo!!
have high school show choir audition tonight!
Now if my side will stop hurting...
It will all be good
I love you too!
:
Dairy Queen  Texas Stop Sign
follow me please
Are you accusing your mother of losing her mind over the tea or the lesbians?
OH: That was the worst gasroom bathstation we've been to.
I hate having hay fever I can't hardly wear make up dammit
Ever bake kale with some olive oil, garlic, and lemon juice?
No longer bitter, and a GREAT crunch like a chip!
love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3 follow please?
20
The weekend went way too fast!
Can't believe tomorrow is monday already:
cause all their fans holler is how they did in the past not how they're doing now
Of course the dates are set statewide.
It's not a local thing.
BUT STILL.
good thing I don't have a garage!
I just remembered him explaining his job to the Bobs and it is so what I'm doing this week!!
Lame ass sunday...waiting to get home and get started on my new mix..
i helped
Eagles The doctoram team?!
Please!
I hope they suck again this year :D
That America's Most Wanted is going to be good at 9:00PM East coast time tonight, ya'll better be watching,6:00PM West coast time!!
Go John!
are there any events in
get the fuck outta tomahawk when i turn 18 i dnt wanna live in the shit hole forever i thought u liked r school
I try not to offend people  I thought a warning would help w/the context.
;
OH: Can I grab one of the four chairs at a table set for four people?
Me: Um...
Really?
Watching a cool special testing sound at Stonehenge.
doctorm beats echo off the stones that can put you into a trancelike state
I was never afraid of failure, for I would sooner fail than not be among the best.
has a show with ATB.
pain almost unendurable today.
Guess I need to look into it a little more.
Tumblr is pretty good, but repost isn't quite as clean as comment.
what a way to lose for sd that obe stings!!
I was just stating in general lol
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Isnt that a little dangerous?
WASSUP EDITOR IN CHIEF.
i see we both follow ...
wooden teeth field trip??
please?
I am still alive and kicking but the beard is coming of Monday!
Beach day soon?
Filming this week going hard!
damn wish i could smoke one right now!!!
I do not feel good at all today :
I can't believe there's a recent poll suggesting there's a TIE between Obama and Romney among Wisconsin voters.
DNC, where are you?!
after hearing so much speculation, the apple tv announcement was kind of a letdown
: It seems like i have know body anymore :/ you have me!!
:
Ahh.
A day off.
Family time today.
Just noticed Joey Crawford is working the Clips/Grizz.
So looks like the Clippers do have a chance to win.
Oh okay!
Miss you!
be right back
:U Narnia is to snowy.
How do ppl post things, with no punctuation?
I can't read that!
Venting lol
Day 1 of KaseyaUC in Vegas complete.
Pool party tonight.
Chillen VIP  the cubs game!
Is it just me or is playing Tetris right now?
go to el compadoctor on sunset I'm headed there now!
Need a new
Q2: Contact on Linkedin, etc.
to see if they will schedule time to talk about the companyexpress interest in what the company does!
Thank god my childoctorn aren't on Twitter YET!
LOL the cheeseburgers not an orgy
You look so nice and friendly!
i hav a cuz who lives in San Antonio, TX
In Music Meeting LCD Sound System doctornk Girls well its fun a strong DEVO quality to it
While sitting at stoplight I was going 2 take sip of tea, realized there's a HUGE black fly in my cup!
In March, in Michigan!!!
Sometimes I read Dylan Thomas poetry to remind me that it's all worth it.
what did you do today on the view.
In seeing all these tweets.
I gotta work so I'll have to catch the Internet recap.
bwahaha!
You are 100 spot on.
SHOUT OUT 2 STREET SWAGG SUNDAY 4 FOR BREAKING MY CITY.......ALBUM IN THE STREETS NOW!!!
I'm awesome...
how you been...
what's new?
I understand your feelingsI have similar myself YET,this is no time 4 Dems 2 act like Repuglicansdignity is required by all:
jkjk 3 you know you the best in the game youworld :
biggest mess iv ever gotten myself into
.: Tom Verlaine is punk's deadbeat dad.
Thanks for starting the chain of connections.
Teaching my 2 year old baby cousin the boyz' names is like teaching someone how to fly...
Hey you should retweet me I heard you was really famous :3
just wrap yourself in paper, its all i need !
3
ah!
Well, , good chat!
Definitely keep an eye on 's work Good stuff, lots of history!
We will for top tweeters!
RT : You should give an award to the participant w/the highest klout ;
thanks for the RT!
:
On his 42nd birthday, Hollywood's wishes CalRipken would return to run Orioles ...
I wonder if he's seeing the Os in LA ...
Success doesn't mean that you are healthy, success doesn't mean that you're happy, success doesn't mean that you're rested
and 5 are that you're more sexy and hot ;D god change
thanks love you!
im trying to get 30 followers and i was hoping u would follow me!
basically we are good for the sake of being good.
Not to mention we expect the same for others.
RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy Tim Duncan
THe thing is, now I feel encouraged to come up with certain jokes, because I don't like being told what I can't do.
heart sinks That sucks.
Have you ever checked out Evernote?
Keeps your data in the cloud.
Mobile, Desktop and Web  all free
guess so.
But I would maybe tweet rich and ask him
Have a happy hump day, not a crappy slump day!
literally 56 ppl waiting to get on, he closes the door and pulls away.
and you wonder why ppl hate your service.
Make it 3 times!
RT Lunch twice in 5 days already?
Fabulous!
the 15 pounds you gain in your freshman year in collegelot of studying and sitting on your behind
Elway will be next to know after that...
Fun secrets re: how to operate and manage in a ROWE let loose in the next book!
Well, I'll let them loose, but not you...
Enjoyed a family dinner at Pf Changs.
One of the few restaurants Kman behaves very well.
Jolly Ranchers, man that shit be good as fuck
which course is that...
OMG!
It's Prince!
I love you Prince!
What, marketing with results?
That can't be!
www.zesmo.com
Very cool!
I could not maintain sanity without Tumblr.
OMGOSH!!!!
You are speaking the words I've been living for the past week.
I just STOPPED the coddling  and see how they run.
Need a W!
Private room in Stacked with my sister, cousin, and their friends c:
Celebrate the holidays with as they host a holiday soiree THIS Saturday, Dec.
10th featuring a Kelly Lane trunk show!!
Step 8: give up your need to impress others
San Diego Labor Council leader Lorena Gonzalez told occupysd that local labor unions stand behind the movement.
Crowd is swelling.
Excited to talk today with HBCU and MSI leaders about developmental education policy.
Hahaha.
I'm fully expecting it to suck.
But thank you!
I honestly haven't laughed that hard in..I have no idea.
That HAS to be more exciting than any baseball game.
Who Stole Paris Hilton's 3,200 AbsintheSpiked Birthday Cake?
Night twitter
Harlem World!
1100 1 bed, hit me up to view!
Gotta love the ABC commentator remarks on Texas' home crowd.
always remarkably quiet
Head is killing me
It's kinda akward that the pizza man and chinese man are at my house at the same time.
hot diggity dog!!
Get ready for Monday.
A global call for freeandfair elections in Congo and a
Toothless Eddie just showed up at Javas on Main Street in LeRoy!
read article on the Benefits of Home owning vs rent.
The market is good for first time homebuyers.:
you're welcome!
:
I love when they make classic family games into movies.
Like Battleship.
And that Charades movie with Eddie Murphy.
what did y'all do until 12 am tho?
smh
U do got me there.
1 for Paul A.
RT I know, those 140 characters makes it a bitch to use an i rather than a y.
Congrats on a final game of the season win, KINGS!
I'd like to think that we had a hand in that with our special Purple firkin tonight.
I miss you back!
Kwell im bored now.
I am loving my life right now.
New friends, new opportunities and a chance at a new walk with Christ.
Thank you Lord for loving me so!
The Real Cost Equation and book Why Does Higher Education Cost So Much?
By Archibald and WM Economics Chair Feldman...
who r u?
Scroggy: I look forward to performing mediocre work 100 of the time at IUS next year.
Can't wait.
She needs to download the  Am I ugly App because somebody lied
One day in Dallas/Ft.
Worth.
What should I see?
So much energy!
Best bday ever
Closing arguments in mental competency hearing for Daniel Butts.
accused killer of Ranier PD Chief Ralph Painter.
Will the judge rule today?
I have to agree with you there Zombies make everything 10x better :
Just ran my brother over with my grandpas motorized scooter...
Oh my god.
Thank god someone was recording!!
I know where a Brazilian Steak.
But we know how do CINCO DE MAYO!
doctornk specials, free food on the patio.wwwsalgrosso.com
lol is it bad that i hate the band of the kid im having a thing with?
Ross rec'd numerous awards for his efforts at bringing peace.
I'm down.
Had a great interview with !
Thanks again guys, sorry about the technical difficulties.
:
Congrats to the men's and women's bball teams on their awesome wins last night!
Keep it up
i really dnt wear these
I guess that means I didn't win, I was still hoping and waiting to hear back!
We have shipped all of their orders.
I would imagine you will see your order in about a week.
Fruitcake, hot cocoa, live band holiday karaoke...tons of holiday fun at 's Merriment KickOff Party!
Come to Wisc/M St.
14pm!
She's starting next fall in 3rd grade.
So excited!
watching some intense
Never apologize for showing feeling.
When you do so, you apologize for truth.
Benjamin Disraeli
See God in everything and you will fear nothing.
And by do stuff I mean cook and clean while Eric writes his thesis.
11 more days until my birthday!
hyped :D
Heading down to for a Curbside Chat from re growth infrastructure planning and design.
If you see me, say hi!
I yield to
Mel Gibson's eyes are so pretty...
Never knew it took so long to make a milkshake....
Got my phone back :D Instagram: sebastiannapolitano
Don't miss 's Taste of the Holiday event tomorrow 12/6, all GSE students are invited!
Free food from all over the world.
I'm not so sure I'm having fun  I managed to erase everything on it.
Eeks good think i back up my library
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 49
I just texted you did you....Did you get it Jenny?
.
I will stand with Union thugs everyday against Walker  the outsourcing corporate thieves
who doctor??
Fun fact, aarp web team is agile based
slowly plowing through my inbox and to do list...Sunday is supposed to be a day of rest but I am so behind :
Thanks: Amy Lou, ; Ross Mason, , Giovanni Gallucci, ;  for a great panel discussion last night!
Awful outing!
Roll Tide!!
What a game Bama!!!
Parents...write your child a nice note every day and slip it in their lunchbox.
I forgot one this week and got reminded.
They really notice!
What's left on your Christmas shopping list?
Impromptu Events Decor...
Where your doctorams become a reality.
Quality professorssional service at a smart price!!!
12031690, call today.
Thank you.
It made last week a lot better.
Your biggest competitor probably isn't another app.
It's a pen and paper, advice from a friend, television...a life hack.
Super cool!
Being single doesnt necessarily mean your available Sometimes you have to put up a sign that says DO NOT DISTURB on your heart  Wiz khalifa
My husband and I will be there in May/June for our honeymoon!
I am growing tomatoes, bell peppers, and cayenne peppers, and jalapenos this year!
Anything specific, or just in general?
I would rather have my prize in a box of Crackerjacks be a turd nugget than listen to smoltz and glavine in the b'cast booth.
or slapping that pandora  iheart radio, lol..
Looks like it was Better WP Security that killed my site.
It left some invalid entries in wpconfig.php.
Restore removal fixed.
the cartoon is really good.
Avatar, not Titanic.
oh my god angel your proposing to cody...:
today isn't his Birthday.
O.o
GoTribe when people go through an education system n emerge as faithful followers of a race, tribe or religion, such a...
agreed.
Are you an Athiest?
Or Agnostic?
Curious how many of you are using Pinterest?
Feels so good to sleep in.
I love the cute BMW they gave us to doctorve while mine is being fixed 
LOVED We Bought a Zoo!
Happy Birthday Bro!
My present to you is being nice to you all weekend :
Thoughts and prayers are with you.
So sad for your devastating loss.
:
Once you fall in love with someone, you'll always love them..
No matter what the circumstance.
That feeling will ALWAYS be there.
George Lucas directed redtails negro that shit gonna b cold
Cannot get Mango to load while in Shanghai.
Missing my Chinese lessons.
My Excite
Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire
Give an example of a project that turned out to be unsuccessful and how did you adapt
Couldn't agree more on this one!
Thank you everyone we have reached 100 Followers..
Lets keep it going!!
why are everyone stop following me?
Did a publication really print the headline Lin is AMASIAN?
Wow.
who is there SuzieQ?
Finally reading Burning Chrome by Wm Gibson.
Glad that he graduated to novels.
Got your bitch panties niagara falling
7:10 miniutes till WizardsofWaverleyPlace!
So sad this show will be over!
RT if you will miss this show!
3 :
personal business is ment for face to face or to just pick up the damn phone
i forgot my password and it keeps locking me out I want to connect to make some changes on my computer help
Amen to that!
Hottie...
your welcome!!
Thats what im doing too..
im gunna be front row no matter what.
That was his too?
I suppose it supports the apartments up the hill.
Josh Duhamel: BlackBerry's new bad boy
Never 4get where u came from :
Mike Tyson bout to be my background
: Gotta change my twitter name to J.Anthony new changes new performances new tracks
Oh, Dear!
RT : ThatAwkwardMoment when Adele finds someone like you.
Its funny how you're complaining about it, but your not making an effort to do anything to change it.
So bored.
unfortunately people use shallow focus as such a crutch these days.
So sleepy!
Bout to be the longest weekend I've had in a while.
Just saw some negative advertising...for a music history textbook!
Part of me thinks that's tacky, part of me wants to egg them on.
I don't like Asian food, Italian food, Mexican food.
I like chicken.
Fried chicken.
I seem always to overdo casual attire at these things.
Ugh thts all bad
I like easy eats.
This waking up at odd hours in the night for no reason has got to stop.
Grrrr.
cats are people, too
I also like movies that are considered bizarre, languidly slow / nothing happens, and very silly b movies
Lol that fight was funny just cause she's your friend don't mean she didnt get her ass beat.
Then from far away across the world he smelled good things to eat, so he gave up being king of the wild things.
Maurice Sendak
I'd love to share a Starbucks Caff Mocha with
What about afternoon?
Came out of 19th St BART to the sight and sound of a helicopter hovering motionless over downtown.
Ate at Flora with riot police outside.
I swear when i see a tweet from oomf that im txtin or something at themoment i automaticly think they talkin bout me...lol RT if yu do that
If you work in an office building...challenge yourself a little today and take the stairs instead of the elevator!
Health Tips: throw away any supplement with caffeine in it!
Hunter and Lee.
ok so how do you put the D in it?
pause the D in D.O.P.E.
lol
Why the hell did add a blue background color?
I can't stand reading with it.
Can I donate and turn it off?
Olive garden.
My fave.
M
WORD TO MY MOMA IM WHAT THE doctorMA BRINGS JUMP OUT OF A HONDA WIT OSMOMABIN KING KONG CLIPSLOOK SHOOt AT IS BRAIN GOT THE GAME ON CHAIN
We can make the Georgetown mobile presence maybe the best in the world.
CEO Andoctorw Yu
Should also work on you iPhone...lol
But consider that for some dogs, spinning two or three times is a natural behavior.
Playing with Peter Buck at Steamers tonight, also with Willis Clow and Dominic Thiroux.
I love this band.
Buck's Vibe!
8pm and streaming.
If 1 in 2 Seniors not online, how much creativity and optimism is society missing out on?
SHOUT OUT TO SHE IS AWESOME AND A BIG ICONiac YOU SHOULD GO FOLLOW HER LIKE RIGHT THIS SECOND!:D
is so cute :
Never been this nervous.
Lol.
Lord help me
A would take my wallet from OMG WHERE IS THAT CARD?!
DID I LEAVE IT AT HOME?
to calm, collected, and organized
yea  I love it.
On my coffee table :
I think I'm going to send a pumpkin.
How lame!!
This place won't let me in until 4pm :  a side note..
My allergies here are killin me!!
and why the hell did you say eww?!
Hahahaha
Damn Nolan almost had.that.hit..
happyhanukkah from Peoples Flowers!
More takeaways...
Caroline: It's not just your success, it's who you're taking with you.
Wow, that could have been a strip search.
for the one year anniversary!
Come down and celebrate.
Beautiful day for outside music!
I miss him so much, i cant stop thinking about him, idk what to do..
Cabt wait to see him, hopefully tomorrow
need my hair retwisted
I've heard great things about the Boose night life!
snicker
Thanks for the RT!
Love these commercials.
And the fact that they come with hash tags.
So far I'm a fan of Chevy and
I shouldnt be up rite now!?:/
I hate watching Carmelo Anthony play.
I have zero respect for players that dont play the game the right way.
heey please follow back?
SO JEALOUS!!!!!!
LUCKY SEXY BIATCH!
MISS U LOVE!
XOXOX
Don't throw me under the bus bc I will back it up and hit you with it
go to bed
still nothing from !
How are you?
Beautiful Stranger is still to this day the best pop song ever written, no contest.
How do you feel about people that pull for schools they didn't attend?
I could care less as long as the person isn't pulling for Michigan.
lol I just ripped those stereotypes to shreds huh ; I beat the COP!
I should get out of any/all tickets for life lol.
Thanks!!
He doesn't.
: And 4 lefties in the bullpen now.
If Ohman counts as a major league reliever.
Yu need to settle down.
whats up y'all?!
I sometimes go to my own little world, but that's okay, they know me there.
ICON sr.
and hes not an ICONic boy no more/:
We got passion at our agency and ain't afraid to show it.
We're sexy and we know it!
Lawrie out at home trying to steal against O's but, what an exciting play!
Not many players try to steal home anymore.
Love it!
Thanks for the note.
I downloaded your song on iTunes and it's definitely going into my running playlist!
Outside w/the rest of the world enjoying the BEAUTIFUL view of the LunerEclipse
how do I get a shirt
does she want your job?
Got my prom pictures :b I look pregnant, but whatevssss.
X
RT : Happy Mon!
Breathe..
It's only a bad day.
Not a bad life..!!
what beats did you like?
should be good
quater of my life gone by and i met all my friends online.
im awesome.
Is all my tweets going to facebook LMFAO i tweet alot xD
The most amazing thing about you is that you don't know hoe amazing you are...
To me
Speak up now for more fresh, real food in school meals!
Submit your comment to the USDA.
Hillbilly gulf.
Oh yeah.
Whats A King To A God ?
What I am going through right now applying for health insurance between ODS and shows how messed up and corrupt they are.
If people don't take your life seriously, they'll use that as an excuse to either lie to you or not be honest w/you.You'll realize ur a joke
woah, woah.
I didn't think someone that boasts their Klout score would be comfortable with the phone?
yess, sometime this week I need to find out when I'm off.
I'm not in love.
This is not your song.
when you gonna be there?
I feel like we have already been over this but
That's cool, but I think I'd wind up playing guess the facet name or just use it as simple search out of confusion.
Great site!
Do you accept guest bloggers?
We'd love to do a guest post for you!
The family is excited about this film!
What a horrible game!
yeah I know!
You should feel special that you and are a part of that list!!
Man I'm tired af!
well I had to because mine lives 1000 miles away.
Literally.
plop, the fans!!
yeah, im talkin on fb..
n on utube..
Ah my stomach hurts :
you inspired me.
:
I find it hilarious how this chick on Facebook is calling people whores when she has two kids of her own.
Did you know that  taking the cancer doctorg capecitabine can cause skin to peel excessively, even to the point of erasing fingerprints.
Thank you for expressing concerns about PIPA to ; please do not compromise 1st Amendment rights!
can we get matching belly button rings ?
I hear what you're talking about.
You guys should record a round version like Frere Jacques.
lol, i know.
I would have been up for but duty calls.
I know its such a pretty day too bad i'm spending i at the library.
Ate chicken nuggets from mcdonalds after the JB movie last night!;
Looking for new media contacts check out to help with your outreach.
aww that sucks that you have to end it : BUT I CANT WAIT FOR YOUR NEW STORY LOL
Yes!
I finaally lost some weight :D
56 days is a long time!
Who wants to come watch the Flyers and have some beers ??
Hooray for passing the library tax!
Good job, Pittsburgh!
Early friend to follow ,open minded,passionate,intelligent tweeter
r u a blondie??
and I just watched Joe Oliver on Word with Lawrence O'Donnell.V called it a plane crash you couldn't stop watching!
The answer to yesterday's word of the day is, bereaved.
awww yea old tymes how can i for get
So dizzy.
: happy hour ends at 11.
:
I would like to just be whelmed in regard to workload, my todo list  social commitments.
Currently running on empty  not seeing a break.
Just sent the IRS a lot ...I hate tax season!!
but'cha didn't have to cut me off, have your friends collect your records and then change your number
yess okay for sure!
ha :
what to eat now uhmmm...
I welcome the pros!
You still have a few more days to stop into our store and get a Mother's Day gift.
We're open until 6pm tonight and tomorrow 10am  6pm.
hahahaa if you see me and alex missing during the ceremony...
;
nope.
We are having tacos.
and the party guests are supposed to bring other food.
RT : Taking part to promote the upcoming IgniteBoise IB7 on Tune in.
Happy Birthday my friend!!!
Wishing all sorts of new adventures this year!
Don't forget to make a wish!
:
doctoramt that Ladyfriend was covering Hole songs, and Brooke Englin was our doctormmer!
Weird!
we gotta be strong for each other!
Fringies will survive no matter what.
I'll just hurl abuse on other people :
Try and do do do errors will occur; learn and do because your bound to get it right
Out of the mouths of babes....lol
Congratulations to you too!
Thank you for all your creative work on this project!
I really need a thirstbuster to quench my thirst...
No human wisdom or understanding or plan can stand against the Lord
Tempted to stop in to why I'm here
The day that I'm hungry they have no food smh
Thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking :/
post my tweets on facebook?
hah.
good joke;
Do I have any followers who can help me with an invention idea, patent search, and to see if its marketable?
Her face look like a burger
To all my real friends an ny fam if u have oovoo in box me ill add u b real or b blocked HOW U DOIIII
your girl is on the couch watching dateline.
Yup, I'm pretty cool!
well Maybe we can work something out!
: I'm sure your family won't want me staying there for a week or whatever.
Haha
um no he's mine
: sorry for Indonesia!
LA Locals  be sure to check out the release of 96 Minutes this weekend!
Looking for a Records Specialist in Denver, CO.
The Records Specialist will be responsible for performing records management program compli
Currently in a line of cars to pick up my 3rd daughter from 1st grade.
Need testosterone, levels are low, need 4 tickets  a beer!
At the MLK parade in downtown SanDiego.
A little overcast, but the weather can't stop the energy  enthusiasm from this crowd.
TONIGHT Sounds by , let's go!
RT Am I the only one who thinks Don doctorper actually wrote the commercials that John Hamm voices over?
your hair is beautiful.;
Wonder if wants to move his wedding to Monterey so I can go to Internet Librarian.
WHAT SAY YOU, DAN?
These grass stains on my knees they wont mean a thing
Pain is the mother of change.
Sundays 1 Day Sale BOGOs: The Foam Company  Gods Country shirt, The Pet Shop  pig ear dog treat, Lighthouse Maui Caf  Smoothie
: cousins said he's gonna stomp on the bird in YUM I WOULD LOVE THAT!!
Car don't you fucking dare die on me now.
I need you for my damn job.
Ill make you scale metal if you mess this up.
Aw, I Bet.
I got so much to say, Don't even know how to say it.
We're building a movement!
So far It's me, online shoppers, , and and we support Sat.
mail serivce.
you're a woman .
SucksToSuck ;
We should refer to him as Luc Baguette in honor of Nic.
I'm pretty sure UK and SU are set in stone as 1 and 2.
The conference tourney doesn't have as much weight as some may think.
you get to include SPN in your diss?
No wonder you are excited to finish.
Hustler!
I don't think NY likes me yet haha.
Robertson strikes out side in nonsave situation in the 9th.
Great start to bullpen by committee
Used Desktop a few times.
Great interface.
What's the optimum res?
The text was unclear compared to the MCE or XBMC UI.
WHOA.
Who you calling a wineo?
;
if I catch anyone with their face balls deep in my sweet tea their getting doctorpped.
It just happened to be nibz mcgavin.
If only today was the day I wore my Willy Wonka costume to your birthday party...
Here comes the judge.
Where is Pigmeat when you need him
priorities are important.
And screwing is deff important.
Do you share to much?
Question Who is your favorite DBack?
Front or back?!?!
Need car location....
You mad bro?!
lol
RT Sometimes a man meets his Destiny on the road he took to avoid it.
From movie: The International
Goodnight Austin, your new Single was Amazing.: Your voice is Beautiful.3 So proud of how far you've come.3
Ailene Tisser talked sensory input/ core strengthening, Tammy Anderson/Cathy Ball talked What to do when...
So many new techniques!
2.5 hrs solo in the rain/wind.
surprisingly good ride.
felt like a lowercase belgian.
cause people suck.
Lol
our reservations are at 7:00
Perfect.
Of course the coffee table I want is 1750
Steve jobs you did a grate thing by making iPhones!
I love mine so much
any chance u will sing DMB?
My friends  I have been waiting for it all season  now u r tweeting , foreshadowing?
omg!!!
that is hilarious well im sure u already have july's printed good for her sucks for playboy!
go back to HOLLY!!
The people who leave comment on ESPN be so CHILDISH!!!
smh
RETWEET if you have those days where you just want to stay in bed and do nothing all day.
3 projects done in Cambodia, now we have two days of wrapping up, editing and exploring here before heading to the Philippines
Listening to from at
The sole of my foot is itchier than the soul of my spirit.
And I have one itchy spirit.
Go Cokie!
Go Cokie!
dance dance
Thank you for the RT Christina!
Solid xc meeting today, looking forward to future!
shoutout!
Finally made it to this gym
Ha now that's impressive.
Well, I'm sure several C's fans up here would have zero issues with that.
Oh yes it is!!
RT : But it's SO worth the wait!
Garden Ridge in Robinson is awesome.
It's like an event planner's treasure hunt!
MERRY CHRISTMAS, ME
I see I'm gonna be on this doctoramchasers 2 for a while!!
Groovy.
Keep us posted.
Just met with the folks at , very interesting service  worth it for every senior in Sedwick County to check out!
Absolutely Chris deserves 7 mil for putting up with her.
In fact it should be more
ow me.is my doctoram 3 you are my ispiration
Going to Olive Garden with the family.
The All Request Episode will be up tonight!
Sitting in a bar in Ann Arbor doctornking an IPA and listening to I may never leave.
Glad to hear it...
I'm busy avoiding the Stuporbowl...
Marveling at how productive And groovin Jason Grote is!
Go to WalMart, get a white button down shirt and tighty whitey underwear so you can do your best impersonation
Hi!
I see you're a fly fisher.
The main character in my romcom, Little Miss Lovesick, tries fly fishing but she falls in!
LOL!
it has been a long time.
Hopefully, I will be able to come that way soon.
R u guys doing any events during the summer?
I think I have a new favorite fighter.
Unbelievable.
From brawler to top notch fighter
someone please explain to me why the kardashians are famous
I see ya
Its a packed house tonight
I've had scale since Jan, It's great.
Aria looks to basically do the same thing for a bit less money.
wassup , we makin it happen
yeah they screwed that one up
Hahaha.
He eats burgers too.
Or was that Wimpy.
no way  just an asshole in general!!!!
Vogel says Granger's knee is a nonissue but Barbosa will be a game time decision.
I want to leave.
Just received good news on patent processing.
1 for another tech gadget coming soon!
RT : And so it begins  conference marathon day 1 w
sdmayornp shoulda had a twitter wall to take some q's
Right?!
I made myself hungry with that one!
Thanks for RTs and mentions  they are much appreciated!
cool now for Waking The Dead.
Right on Jillian!
I'll retweet sweetie.
Good luck girl: xoxo, Downtown Donna
Need a Red Hot Deal?
Groupon's got it  10 classes for 35!
The only thing hotter than the deal is the room, baby!
And I promise I'll always love you, that I'll always be here for you, and that we will always be together.
fuck iconic boys as long as you dont mess with the ICONic Boyz.!:
That's my feeling about it.
My idea is usually too young/nascent to merit theft, benefits from the collaborative invention!
I like you..
a lot, I wish you knew and liked me too, but I don't think that will ever happen :/
hah im watching jimmy kimmel live  carrie underwood is on it singing Good Girl.
it reminded me of :
Better open your eyes.
;
Dinner at Stripsteak in with 5 dudes..
Is there a rose ceremony at the end of this?
is that ludicrous speed?
If you are suffering from depression or anxiety, don't wait, call for help.
We offer confidential psychotherapy..
Wondering if lakers win championship this year
Trying to decide whether or not to spend 150 on these clubs.
When someone stares at you and you just sit there awkwardly, pretending like you don't notice.
they have already tried Miami.
It didn't work out well
Thanks for comin out!!
thank you for starting it off right!
Sleepy dab
New yorkk soon  I can not wait !!
Thanks for stoppin' by today!
I needed that hug.
I wish I was at Cedarbrook golf course right now
...went to a party ha
RT Taylor gang or cut ur eyelids off and doctornk nyquil.
very original
not a bg10 rule just most do it.
It's a big east rule though.
After filling your day, going from shop to shop, fill up your tummy, with some delicious Wingstop.
Have some brought right to your...
Only four more days to get your gift certificates and tshirts for the pizza lover, who's on your holiday shopping list.
I wanna say the flyer will be up by next week..
No later than the 18th tho
Don't let your doctorams stay doctorams.
Make them into something more.
In search of my mothers garden, I found my own.
Alice Walker
fuck you and your white girls
backup generator at El Paso western pipeline.
It sucks!
It's raining.
AUPSteadyRain Opening was amazing.
3 more chances to see it.
love it!
has espresso skills!
RT I bet I could beat a prius in a race y'all not wit me behind the wheel lol
I hear that, what kind?
I'm only going to watch the NFLdoctorft to see their blingin' watches.
So, if I don't want a Safari subscription but still want your ebooks am justified in stealing them if you don't sell downloads?
boys it's a little thing called faith and determination to know that one day we will win
TWEET TO GET FOLLOWED
I FUCKING MISS YEEWWWW.
U ME AND LAUREN NEXT WEEKEND?!
loveyoubetchh
oh my gosh!!!
where is that at???
Just finished the second opinion consultation.
Now we doctorve back, then I have the radiation planning.
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
Confucius  Signed website job from a company in Iowa!
I Use To Sell Candy Making 80 A Day....I Was One Of The Best That Ever Did It Back Then....I Miss Those
Maybe I was born to support you ?

Check out our new fan page photo  you likey?
;
lol dnt act she like 30 yrs my senior y wud i tell her that
Anybody know if is having problems with their website?
I can't seem to connect.
I'm sure your tune had changed since tweeting this?
I just hope whoever plays them fucks them up, there all bitches and hartnells a punkbitch
My friends are fucking weird.
yes I'm down!!!
We have to figure something out
is going on next!
hi.
I just saw this.
I miss you too.
and yes we are hanging out soon.
k bye.3
but...
is the moustache...
ME?
Justin Beiber is coming for you .
Lmfao.
Editing a blog is kinda like being an English teacher, but without grades.
Happy last day of finals!
Final grades are due 12/21
omg my birthday ;
Have u ever holla  a chick  she started acting all fly in the air funny thing im a pilot I normally decrease their cruising altitude
omg I've always wanted to go there !
which one ?
i heard the one in NYC is the best .
Tilapia, so good :
Hey guys it's , I'm the new coowner :
We always did hardboiled  but yes, we decorated eggs every year!
Keep ignoring me...
I can see you're reading my text messages.
HIRING  I have ACCOUNTS PAYABLE positions in Largo, TAMPA, AND Brandon.
end Rsum to
of rogue nations, especially those in the Arab world.
We need a president who will also stand with our Middle East ally, Israel.
Kinda, sorta wishing I didn't sell my Coachella ticket after Arcade Fire and Mumford  Sons' Grammy Performances.
forget where do you live not to be mena but for real
morning Dana.
the cheer clinic thing
Appt made at student health, maybe soon I'll stop whining?
we'll try our best to soon :
Yo my hand is still hurting from Saturdays game...
Smh...
Animations still not done...Grrr.
Gonna send a polite txt to our Art Director....
PPPLLLLEEEAAAASSE Finish!!!
Shathea ass almost killed me and sht !
Congrats !
RT : Godden only candidate endorsed by MLKCLC, consideration of others postponed.
Music is a way of life.....
A release, a treat, the experience of the world.....
what's your tune?
Feels like summer
He looks like a Telletubbie.
says in reference to a certain young boy.
Least Surprising Headline Award goes to NYT for Troubled History Emerges for Suspect in Oakland Shooting
planning some awesome surprises :
not funny 
I am not going to school tomor yea boy
acupuncture weight loss treatments mainly aim to suppress appetite and assist in acquiring the lifestyle change to maintain healthy weight.
Hush, my darling ...
be still, my darling.
The Lion's on the phone.
RT : Delsym, steamed veggies, steamed chicken, and white rice for dinner.
Followed by benedoctorl for dessert.
ALSO WE HAVE KIRKO BANGZ AT IBIZA JUNE 6TH GET YOUR TABLES NOW BEFORE THE PRICE SKY ROCKETS CALL 2022007627
Alright fuck.
Somebody describe an honest relationship to me.
butt pillow?
Thanks.
I'm trying.
Dinner was tough.
I wanted to go back for 2nds, but didn't.
I can't wait to hit the gym.
Thanks for stopping by WUWM!
We really enjoyed listening to your instudio performance again!
Gym TIME!!
After fucking/sucking licking dicks!!
Ravens fans really going to hate Colts now.
We stole their team, defensive coordinator, players...now we send them Caldwell and Painter?!
in this case they most certainly do!
Racked up shawty.
haha love me some digital wizardoctor...you better tell me if u see a fire boat!
i miss how austin used to tell us everything that happened everyday and now he randomly posts Just landed in LA!
Houston, we have a problem.
Awesome!!
Love this!
Don't forget to call the MUNCHIE EXPRESS on your Thirsty Thursday!
Therapy  tweeting
I swear the same people annoy me on here on a daily basis telling me every single bit of their life story
People need to get over what said about Toronto.
Hes right.
There isnt ANYTHING like the Ralph.
Not just Toronto.
Please contact me for ADAAA/OFCCP/AAP training.
What companies do not do will cost them!
Market share and fed.
fines.
:
Solid weekend of gigging.
I know I'm doing the right thing in life when I wake up in the morning and want more.
when do you go to Ozark?
This week?
Next week?
Can't remember.
ok, yeah, thats what i meant.
Award winning  How was the big bash??
You'd make that play.: I'm glad Ramirez is at 3B this year, but McGehee and Green both make that play.
Brewers
Mitch Williams on MLB Netwotk pointed out that Chipper hit balls over 900 ft in that last atbat.
September is officially over!
No more weddings or other weekend timesuckers til Dec.
Bought 2 bottles of champagne to celebrate!
Ooahooah!
lmaoo me too!
For you who thought WIrecall is now the reason for lost jobs, remember that turned down millions that would've created jobs.
Nick Saban!!!!
Final Statement.
I loved that rant on OA about the hometown thing.
Hilarious.
O la la la diamonds are a girls best friend
If you can dodge a wrench, you can dodge a ball.
Remember when Roy Jones Jr.
could fight?
Knocked out in 1st rd.
by some stiff last night.
Sad.
Why were u fired from TheGameBET???
What r they smokin'?
It was originally your spinoff!
Welp, won't B watchin nxt season.
:
Its Wednesday!!!!
3 1/2 weeks of school left!
20 days left!!!
Going to see Wicked the Musical tonight!!!
Politicians seek power, not ideals.
Pursuit of power threatens Tech evolution because it conflicts with political control.
e.g.
About to see deerhoof in 1 minute.
Yes!!
I'm on your side!!
Good luck  have a blessed a happy Thanksgiving!!
i did: hope you're having a good day too3
when are you leaving?
I saw the recent Ancient Aliens episode on the Dinos.
Thousands of rocks with pics of people together with Dinos, even riding!
WILD!
So, see you at primeroast on June 2nd?
No rest needed.
I'm seeing some sick punk bands  The Rosebud tonight like A Minor
loved the Hulk series!
Studying for the test actually paid off!
:D
weres that at ..
Moving a lot of used machines these days.
If you have anything to sell or looking for a used machine to purchase, call me!
888BRAUSSE!
Ah...
ok.
That'll be cool for sure.
Luck is a matter of preparation meeting opportunity.
RT : MT bloomingdaledc farmer's market starts again May 13th, 10 am!
Now tuned into !!!
Biggup !!
no he had to work his other job today..dont assume where i'm at lol
I hope pettitte pitches when I'm in new york
You can row ACROSS the ocean  still be scared of a roller coaster?
Nice!
Or...maybe Barry's freak out is not what I think it is?
Breakfast: Good time for Sriracha?
Or BEST time for Sriracha?
that's fucked up.
The only place to doctornk wine is in church?
Watch another piece on SCAN on KCPQ 13 News at 10pm tonight.
Schedule away!
:
Hey darlin'!
Don't ask such leading questions, lol.
I'm working on a new cover for To Protect the Innocent.
Need your opinion
The is a delicious treat to have on a hot day after a quick air brush tan.

Thanks for the mentions!
Have a great week!
Your Team is playing Today  Joe's..........Come out and support them!!!!!!!
has some really amazing photo albums in its Western Americana collections.
Spent the day working on some.
Pretty fun.
It's been a while.
Help me out  where's the like button here?
: RT For bigger projects...it can be helpful to wait.
happy Mara Monday:
absolutely...good stuff...look forward to the vid I did with
CASTING BEAUTY QUEENS SEPT 26 FROM 9:00 TO 1:00PM IN TEMPE AZ LOOKING FOR ALL AGES pass this on
and then I realized you were just lazy 
I love the man who can smile in trouble, gather strength from distress and grow brave by reflection.
Thomas Paine
I'll keep my eyes peeled.
that is hilarious.
Thanks for sharing.
Just intv RG3's family they say they can feel how much Washington wants their son
I LOVE YOU Justin hope you get better im praying for you!!
3
You obviously don't remember when it would be monsoon season in the valley and sunshine and rainbow happiness in downtown Juneau
Virginia REAL!
At UTEP, feels weird not having to go to class, study, or have papers due.
Oh well!
Come to the show tonight!
Commonwealth, 1030!
You name of good organizations  What about the packers?
appreciate response but very disappointed.Will be going to for future flights,one too many bad experiences with you
Amazing read..
you won't be disappointed!
Well he ain't THIS Allen West!
If he were you'd have left him a long time ago.
let me check this for you.
Can you tell me how many people and are you wanting to come out for the Ludacris event.
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece
TomAndJerry Boy do I remember just laying down on my bed as a kid and watching a mouse and a cat beat the shit out of each other :D
globaliq campaign kickoff Stay tuned in LA, Miami and Dominican Republic
Ice storm knocked our power out overnight and I woke up frozen!!
Ugh...
Back on now, though.
Thank you, PECO!!
I'm so happy the rain stooped.
Happy 4th of July everyone.
MT: Pres.
Obama's public schedule tomorrow: four events, all fundoctorisers How much is it costing me as a tax payer?
I've seen that YOLO before,can you tell me what is that?
maybe in select early showings, but not released nationally
Do u get a notification evertime I favorite your tweet?
where in San Diego are you located?
There should be some magazines left in Pacific Beach at the shops and bars!
Homie be like let me hold some cuz; I'm like nigga you grown; homie like cuz we ain't nun but 13; I'm like fucc that got to do with me lmao
MT Dems put out release attacking Mourdock on Social Security, Medicare, jobs.
That didn't take long
Yeah.
Okay.
Well.
Owling will begin when arrives at
nope I tried to tell you one night to stop  you just kept going!
haha
the Disneyland Modern Family episode was so funny 
Favre, just for the excitement.
Of course I might be biased.
that sounds like the greatest countdown ever!!
: I want to become 's Community Web Producer!
Recommend me in a Tweet to Tks in advance.
awwe poor baby, i'm sorry..
:
Let's see what will happen tomorrow...
Woohoo!
doctor Hadley!
Ughh I have math homework that I didnt doo and im going back to school tomorrow:/
Thanks so much!
If you need a ticket to our show on the 16th  let us know, we have a bunch still left.
10!
I became convinced that non cooperation with evil is as much a moral obligation as cooperation with good.
doctor Martin Luther King, Jr
Hey now, we've got to make it rain somehow.
we've got plenty of bandwidth, what we don't have is a willingness to adopt from without and we have way too many regulations.
Happy Mother's Day to you Moms!
Can't stand you, Benitezzzzzz
Thanks, Bryan.
how do you think unc will be with out marshall?
bobby frasier has experience, but he is no marshall.
So sleepy and hungover at work, plus a little bummed.
Thank goodness for One Direction on the new cd at work!
I cant believe you stood and me up last night
haha you must be a loser too since your talking to one :p
if you purchase general tour tickets online do you have to print them...or can they be picked up at will call?
I'm for sure getting a hedgehog, but who is gonna take care of it when i deploy?
: /
Cannot wait for Teen Wolf season 2!
Too bad I leave for vacation the day before it airs...
McDonalds trip for SST on the way to our show!
I keep keeping on just to keep keeping on.
I have no reasons.
I have no aim.
I am the runner.
I live to put what's ahead of me behind.
please traffic just let me get home already
has the same problem RT : Needless to say, I couldn't stop eating
nf appreciate the follow....
can't wait for wrestlemania!
I should always return to twitter to find the two of you discussing scifi, my failings, and pop racism.
Do it!
: genesiswp is such a solid foundation to build on.
I want to see Kennan Thompson do a Jacob Lusk impression.
You see things; and you say, Why?
But I doctoram things that never were; and I say, Why not?
George Bernard Shaw
Jazz and NPR always remind me of my favorite bookstores...
you know who you are.
I hope she wouldn't set fire to you
you've got my vote 3 you are AMAZINGG!!
Didnt eat lunch so I'm headed to Subway
Watts, spin that Someday by Scarface w/Faith Evans...my mom loves that song!!!
awesome ...
will try to swing by this weekend!
Sometimes you have to forget how you feel and remember what you deserve.
My last tweet is for you!
:
good morning Percy.
I try really hard not to miss them!
you've been playing amazing!!
Keep up the great work
Anyone other than tweeting at the Residency event?
There is a special place in Hell reserved for musicians who uses autotune to distort their voices in songs.
Pirates sometime this weekend?
See you tomorrow night at the big Robot Party!!
Dear Walgreens: when I need to wait in line at your pharmacy for 20 minutes, fuck you.
Hey graduating seniors!
We want to hear your success stories Email .edu
I'd ask u to use chortle in a sentence but you just did, and my mind is still blown.
this weekend?
Wish I could, but I'm on lockdown!
Lol I got some projects to start for school!
nba I remember showtime 80's 90's when the players played for the game and not for the money Shaq Kobe Lebron destroyed the game
On the way to School , Pretty Late .
But , Oh Well Ima G Lmao  Todays Friday 
Every rep today felt like I was lifting tons of weight.
Tired and low energy.
Colbert 's Lorax poem was pretty good
sounds interesting
thanks for joining us today.
Team roots.
idol  Phillip's wasn't the greatest vocal but was so freakin' cool.
So fun and just flat out sweet.
I just registered for the Chicagoland Unconference for 05/31/2012.
It's the best 20 I will ever spend.
Wyndham Vacation Rentals Announces Savings in Honor of Mother39;s Day
okay, probably a little bit in a weird way.
All I will say at this point is its a first step in bringing BC to one of the fastest growing communication platforms.
I HOPE YOU FOLLOW BACKK: PLZ FOLLOW..
I 3 Alex!!
he does.
Omg.
I wanna cry cause I want one
thanks for ff.
hope things are well with you
Love the orange tie.
Thank you all for the ff love.
We appreciate it.
oh my god my house
I'm for shark fin bans immediately to curb the problem but ultimately more stringent fishing laws
you know it!
INDICTMENT,macroeconomic doublespeakCOGENT EVIDENCE,exponentially grown interest payments RESPONSE,tax break decreases
Yes we are throwing a party.
Word of the day: Ecumenical  worldwide in range or applicability; universal
thanks for the mention!
Seems like half of Chicago was in town tonight.
After hours  Archer.
Working on our new website!
Get me into the French toast business.
RT If we all threw our problems in a pile and saw everyone else's, we'd grab ours back.
Ritee Broo!
There aintt No way NY gunna be hot from 3 point range all game!
we dnt Quit no matter what tha score is!
The things going through my head .
.
.
no no just over hearing so much of the same thing finals and haven't been to class in months.
Ha
know what?
I do miss bindis.
in my room but leaving soon
Yes it is lol
I love when God gives me peace over things my brain wants me to worry about.
tweet tweet..:
Agh.
I got my Jay Shaw Kill List on ebay for only 20 more than the sale price.
Got lucky
haha goodnight!
and its not your fault!
I'm an
Oldie but goldie!
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
RT : TONIGHT!
Japanther / Vacation / Unstoppable Death Machine / Two Hand Fools / The Fucking Cops 7 8 pm
no surprise, acutally behind many locals and states, took time to get up the chain
if you are going to buy some wine soon I recommend Cabernet to add to your collection
We may have missed our meeting opp.
with  on pins and needles now, hoping the timing works out.
They are all sexy.
You know it.
Especially
I hate going to clubs but there r these casting n networking things going on there, get ready for the headaks, pain.
's has definitely earned a spot in Favorite New Country Star's of 2011...
On the Way!
Nada surf in Chicago
guess that's a different colored feller eh?
:
Thanks for the RT.
Do you have any food recommendations for February or Valentine's Day?
thanks for following!
:
Great running into Berkley from at the GeekWire launch, even if he DID go with another studio.
;
Theme of the summer: nonchalant?
RT : if barrypalin2012 gets just one vote ..
mission accomplished.
exactly...you can't....if you do....ima find you 
its hard to imagine!
You only live once right ?
Why not make it count!
I will never live in regret 
Smart grid community building initiated...countdown...
WHAT is with the dang helicopters buzzing College Hill???
foodiechat with is always a fun time!
RT : RT : Contribute to authentic conversations in an authentic workplace.
Speak the truth as you see it.
I luv Criss  mind freak!
Was so excited to see believe left very disappointed.
I was hoping for more magic less talk
nothing like spending my saturday morning studying for my final on monday
Tebow to the Jets and Sean Payton suspended for the entire season?
Twitter just exploded.
On TV a woman who clips a thousand coupons, spends 6 hours researching each trip to grocery store.
Result: one hell of a lot of free mustard
What's Up twits LOL
Sorry I party..
Tomorrow is the last day of my quarter woot woot...then i get to chill...I'm half way done
I hate waking up and realizing that I fell asleep on you.
:
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Conecuh, Escambia  Monroe Counties until 02:00 PM
Hope my supervisor took ah picture of the car
And the WINNER of our first Sassy Nails giveaway is....
Alicia Woodward!
Stay tuned for your next chance to win!
your beautiful!
Think I'm getting sick.
Faack
in the parking lot alone with my thoughts...never good.
Hey there, Steven...
good to meet you.
Fun and different
YOUR an amazingg friend to
models poppin' bottles
So sweet, thanks Andoctor.
: 
Millionaire?
I'd assume.
Many times over?
Hmm, not sure about that.
Maybe.
Not sure how much he got from Buffy merch.
Reconnecting with exes are funny....Dude just told me I was his first love....I wanna laugh but..If you say so.....
I'll take it....
I won't be at school today  I'll miss you!
I mostly feel better than I did on Thurs, I just have an irritating cough now.
An Aries?
HAPPY BIRTHMONTH!
dont tell me serious shit when i'm sleep!
odds are IM NOT LISTENING!
Just got home from hanging out with 's own and :
Happy Mothers Day!
Enjoy your day!
The countdown to ALA11 has started.
I am so excited to be attending this year.
and dancing snoopy with nose in the air.
Broken Feet.
We have cracked the code!
I'm more surprised that the bottle would still be full coming from vegas.
I LOVE U MORE TODAY THAN I DID YESTERDAY BT NT MORE THAN TOMORROW: I KNOW U SMILIN CUZ IM TALKIN TO ULOVETWEET:
Never too early for tacos...
We open at 10AM!
I'll buy you one in NC.
Lodging is super cheap, too.
23/34 for double/single room if you stay in the dorms
I am from Brooklyn, NY, so we could not have many pets, but I always had at least two dogs.
Connie Stevens
It would violate Title II of the ADA / Sec.
504 to tax property medically necessary for a person's severe dev.
disabilities
Hopefully my neighbors can't see in my room cuz I'm standing here naked, I'm not trying to give an old lady a heart attack haha
This game is in the bag !
INDEPENDENT ARTIST SEND IN YOUR MUSIC TO FOR THE INDEPENDENT ARTIST SPOTLIGHT.
maybe start with diskcachedir/dev/null when working on dev and not when working on prod?
youve never gone to have a snack and then the whole things gone??
These pillaging crows are a big as cats.
Flying cats.
With giant knife faces and a frighteningly diligent work ethic.
Geeks Who doctornk!
but I bet she's got a sweet bod..
Pics!
Hanging at camp with besties funn eating breakfast not suppose to have my phone out oh well
SO PROUD OF U GUYS!!!!!
U are some of the most beautiful dancers I've ever worked with.
Honored.
Keep it up Xoxoxo
Dm me your number : 
One good Follow deserves another...or Get a Follow, Give a Follow.
Now Watch ur Timeline Grow.
Holiday trivia: What was the main course for Christmas dinner in Whoville?
Shot some hoops with the grandsons.
Finally snuck it in.
Back to work.
OSHA is targeting Commercial Printers.
Talked to 2 today that were required to add guard packages on die cutters.
exactly my point
thought about somf sucking up helium at prom  yelling lol .
got a good laugh
You were clearly a shining star.
S'ok.
I thought crayons were crowns 'til age 5.
You wouldn't kill women in fetal form, but you would strip them of reproductive and bodily agency as adults.
kissing a chick with music playing in the background is fun as hell
Hey girl Im in ATL doin it up make sure you text me the date you leave so I can get you some things.
So glad I am not alone : I can go crosseyed looking at fonts long enough
I hate it when someone breaks up with you for the stupidest reasons!!!!!!!
Listening to The Black Keys new album and single, and watching the awesome video.
Has right now...
Lol.
So there really ARE otakus out there who are TOTALLY sheltered from the world!
I'd go see Stooges with you!
Btw, going to the movies alone is the best!
It's like you emebarras your self if you say something yet you embarrass yourself of you don't.
Ah, I'm sorry, man.
That's terrible news.
:
Just cause you said it, just cause I heard it, people say crazy things
Finally, I can grade.
Already been up an hour.
Damn u misterArmy
is hosting dinner time for Premier Lofts this Wednesday w/ !
Win FREE tickets with your FREE dinner!
Buddha's my relaxer, 3rd eye open like red couch, disaster.
where we chowin down tomorrow
Its sometimes hard not 2 say 1 of ur favorite movie quotes cause its a sore spot 4 a close friend but I need to share tonite
Special Announcement for the International Pageant coming soon!!!
Yikes..huge mistake for mister Brady
don't hate the celtics boo...
U no we only got a couple years left...
If that lol!
Get ready, 'cause this biz is gonna get BADONK
Imma try to go tomorrow too.
Brother: there's a black lala loopsy with blonde hair..
Aunt: What's her name?
....Sista loopsy?
xD
Robert Shiller UK is in trouble due to another GDP decline and continued AUSTERITY, headed there next wk for a talk
Oh just cruising hollywood...no big deal
: or Michael Douglas with a duffle back in a doctorss shirt and tie.
fallingdown lol lol
Thank you!
I was in the hands of and she is one darn talented photographer.
Smoked out at Smokeout
It wasn't the link, it was my mood.
I'm sorry.
The Chosen ONE killing....
come see me at work tonight :D
So tired..sososo sleepy..thank God I didn't go to night school, I'd be exhausted!
Time to catch on some
When a girl thinks that she's better looking than she really is.
ahahaha you know me so well.
Thank you!
THe same to you!
I've only recently started reading it???
I never thought I'd start liking it
Sick of people who constantly talk about how great they are..
GET AT ME ON MYSPACE.COM/MAGIKENTPROMOTIONS FOR MORE FLYER INFO.
DUECES
I thought so :
Just me and my guitar all alone in an empty house.
My soul lives for these moments
'how do i reach these keeeeeds?'
Time to write some cool words...
Yup.
YEAH, who know...People here are not happy about this....
RT Never underestimate someones ability to find out the truth.
Organizations can now sign up on National Lab Day!
www.nationallabday.org
cats are fucking gay.
thanks for the hat tip...
dd
Is it bad that I'd rather play guitar than write these days?
omg Yes!
Shaun im soo hype for this you dnt even know!
Now it's hard to believe we were ever friends at all.
lol i know it.
Please see my earlier retweet :D
Just write the darn blog post, and see what sticks!
Okay, I need a shower after that one....
Told you their jeans suck.
I hate the way they nip in at the waist  Mom jeans in the worst way.
Not even close to being true.
The NFL will be on.
Saw ' s sister working at wing daddys :
if you can't think of something mean to say, say something nice and pretend thats what you were thinking the whole time
Not getting Shanahan is blessing in disguise.
Could be I'm reading 'The Red Tent' and read 'The Vagina Monologues' yesterday...
Haha, any and all help is much appreciated!
Its a titty bit nipply outside, but its Friday so I'll try and make the breast of it
just doin my job
Have a great weekend!
And thanks again for the sound advice you gave me when I was between jobs!
Day well spent helping out at Taft elementary.
Just wrapped up
Not sure if I follow your definition of empowerment, but I agree that we must return to our true past in order to move...
Picking up this Tipping Point by Malcolm Gladwell.
I'm late I know.
First time I heard the tipping point was with The Roots album.
I hugged a tree once!
It gave me hives.
Who knew I'd be allergic to incense cedar?
latin quote of the day  Inter arma silent leges.
In time of war, laws are silent.
I took 7 hrs on my math exams lol.
But at least its done and over with  :
Check out my Blog called The Mute Generation in www.Mojosworld.net
Give me a chocolate cupcake he says with his adorable smile  there i go to fall for him 
Headed to bootcamp with after a week of no exercise.
NY was a work trip but I played!
This is gonna hurt.
And put a pool in the back.
Duplex property in Clermont going on market this week.
Got a video yanked off utube before I even uploaded it.
Wow.
Thank you SO much for the tweet to the Warren video!
I am humbled.
CC
Broke down and purchased the Future of the Left album.
Slash had a mountain lion named Curtis.
yeh it's been like a whole mess lmaoo are yu gonna be with Emma?
Sidenote the FB group is over 100 girly girls, We love you all on twitter but question some of your motives.
I'm looking at you pornbots
I love weed and i like alcohol
you turned into a pretty BIG waste of my time.
:
happy hour is a good deterrent from doggie searching...
Can't wait to hear abt them!
RT : TechStars Boulder starts tomorrow.
Psyched to tell you all about our 12 amazing teams!
Oh this is gonna be tough

From the look of the cold, lifeless bodies shuffling across campus, Dead Week is in full swing.
GET HOOKED ON THIS
Twitter obviously hate us, thats it.
WHY YOU DOING THIS TWITTER?....
I didn't have any
It's hilarious, right?
1.
Recognize how I may have bullied others.
Forgive myself  make amends.
Very Happy, Following more wonderful people.
Life is Good!
:
Quote2SpinBy  The more you Give  the more you Live  Lori Moreno RT
Im tired as fuck
we are the kings of doctorving.
: Always doctorving long distances with 
The hockey assist from George Lampard was niiicceeee!!
Pierce perfect from the line, keeping the C's ahead.
I smell so delicious.
Voice recognition software for consumer dictation
We wish we could eat your ACL when you turn gimpy.
The only clamps Dartmouth owns are used for herding cats and removing tenured chairs.
Bradley says its me.
Oh shut it!
RT : hahaha.
I love that it's in Milwaukee.
I wish she worked at schwanke's haha.
Palmer has 42 secs to close the score.
Cheers!
RT Shout out to for being named one of the top 5 sportsbiz handles to follow by
Intersession hours are underway: open weekdays 8:30am4:45pm.
closed on weekends and holidays until the semester starts, Jan.
23.
One day until opening day.
Two days until nobody cares about the Orioles until next opening day.
Me And misterWrong Get Along So Good..
tell your man to hmu
ComplimentSomeOfTheOppositeSexDay is very beautiful and has amazing eyes :
shit I bought GSK off Amazon cause fuck Apple.
Excited about presenting at BLOGWORLD this weekend!
If you're at the LA convention center, come see me pitch Muggs on the 5th!
Love the RasTrent.
Thanks for the reminder.
Goodnight sweet doctorams Oh and im sending you and some mail tomorrow:
Hey!
Yes I did.
True.
However it does come off rather negative and aggressive.
Just sayin.
And I'm not talking about just one person.
Will give u a call tomorrow.
Would be cool to catch up.
OMG.
My husband, Ryan is obsessed with !!!
Me?
But I'm just a little girl who'd rather wield a sword than meet a prince.
I would never!
Forget your troubles they are all in the Past.
And the people that Hurt you, they were never meant to Last.
funny thing is i know your not 
you're heartless, as dead as chivalry has ever been.
get the fuck out of my life.
i have this feeling about you, the light in the shadow
And Kennedy snipes one top cheese!
Pens are on the board!
21 flyers.
I DID NOT OMG
I'm weak and anyone you keep on a pedestal is always right.
Im so awkward today aghhhh
Yes, synergize is acceptable for humor purposes.
Thanks for following.
Its MY LIFE.
Not urs.
So imma do what makes ME happy because im only living one life and thats mine , not yours.
Amazing cinco!!!
Time to go home and pack for Chicago.
No need to sleep..
Smells like summer or at least late spring
Pictures please!
lmao.
All class..
what about the less politically correct version?
statistically speaking its pretty close.Do u think about bunting more if weaker hitters up?Of course I do so not a bad play
Its hot in Des Moines, IA today!
Great day for a ball game or round of golf!
it's all true.
: so Klout says you are influential in SHARKS, GAMES and BEER.
LOL..
You RTd a RT of you.
Nerd.
WooHoo, playing Green Day on the radio!
I love Green Day!
New FilmBernco Website is in its final phase.
Locations, Vendor Directory, My Blog, Talent Data Base and much more!
will you follow me?
I really need to copy a smart person's work!
I think Lawrence Taylor is at Sam's Club checking out in the isle next to me.
Be sure to follow
Study hall is hot a'f !!
And now the powers out so no fans !!
D:
Thank you to everyone who came out for a romantic sushi dinner last night!
experiences  practices.
Heading out to see DecadeOfDominance Spoltlight event
very funny haha
Sex ant beta thn love!!...
Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony getting a divorce??
Shocking!!
catching up on last week's episode of Bones!!!!!
so good.
Iron Throne
Red Wings are going down this time, its the Pens year.
see you there!!!
I love this article.
We actually puree veggies in our sauces for pasta and such.
Lil man never knows :
If that doesn't work, get outside and go for a walk, take a deep breath and CHILLAX!!
Hahaha !!
Get it Tatted RT:: Pussy with a whistle.
Jammin to oldies with my pops!
Alabama just finished and now the wait is on for at stagecoach!
I'm so sorry for not being on twitter in a while.
I'm so sorry!
RT if you forgive me!
3
i followed you back..your ...your ....GORGEOUS.
but ugh i hate that.
Some people are so ignorant.
puppies are here!
well, still coming.
so excited, we're getting our baby so soon!
yes.
3 let me know if u want details  who to contact!
so smooth like a Gillette commercial
so sweet.
I thought PR stood for puppetry relations ;
My wallet prefers the library card!
RT : September is also National Biscuit Month..can a biscuit compete with a library card?
Great trip with the wife but it's always great 2get back 2the ATL.
Hope to see you this week at MidwayMBC as we celebrate Christ
S/O TO ALL MY FALLOWERS ESPECIALLY THE NEW 1S...CHIEFN
About to fall asleep and Chemistry hasn't even started.
Oh, joy
OK !!
: seriously, idk who wouldn't want to go lol we get free food/beverages all day long in the VrznSt.
we are
totally!
:D
good : atleast your not as deep as i am..
Im here for you always.
Happy New Year!
I'm trying a new technique 4 a watercolor fused glass vase.
The difference between TRY and TRIUMPH is a little UMPH!
Sheila Mowatt Thanks
Closed up house on Fire Island and I am headed back to NYC to wait out Hurricane Irene.
I will be on the first boat back out here on Sunday!
back in Brooklyn at Bruar Falls tonight!
let's hope our doesn't get totaled this time...
8pm sharp!
Can I vote on your marriage??
I feel you'll produce hideous looking kids.
I remember them
You brought syrup but no pancakes lmfao shits funny
Will the ESPN LonghornNetwork destroy college football like so many are saying or the LHN not that much of a threat?
: bday is almost here
oh yea i was lol
Headed to work ....
6 days til probation is over can't wait
M...who doesn't?
I just started watching from the beginning, now that it's streaming.
Hadn't ever seen it before.
Two nightmares last night: accidentally given unwanted neck tattoo instead of back piece.
Late for plane, eternally running through O'Hare.
I don't need to be the center of everyone's attention, just yours
your guys April 22nd show at the Rave in Milwaukee.
Mom won't let me go cause 21 older can doctornk!
Any suggestions?
good luck boy!
This is not the type of feedback we want, and the fact that you were treated poorly is not acceptable.
DM'ing you now.
I forgot to remind myself about St.
Patrcick's day this year.
Isn't that sad?
Thank you Gayle!
Lost my 13 service hours...
Well I'm screwed for leadership!
Yes.
Against Colgate.
Winner faces Duke/Syracuse
thanks for intense conversations last night
Haha!
He's do cute!
Bring him in if you want!
Office mascot!!
I didn't because MTA watch twitter too but I could let you know some really interesting activity here.
Glad that the fantasyfootball tiebreakers on ESPN are in my favor.
Two weeks of football and still tied.
But I win!
Rice Alumni: savektru Tell the giving office how their decision to sell ktru will affect your annual donations 7133484600
That's a good one; too bad Twitter won't let you tweet audio...
Hahaha
Today's BTU inspiration: Inspiration is always in you.
It's up to you to become inspired.
Unknown
So who wants to buy me a team jersey?!
Checking out !
Thanks for the RT, Caelan.
I appreciate you!
I wonder if Strine will keep his promises...
Do you think the new UVA budget will prioritize the lowest paid workers, direct  contract?
What's the best place to get free Mac app?
you disgust me..
Sweet DDUB doctorams
Ha I guess that's one way to look at it.
I know what you mean!
I get anxiety every time I watch it.
Cancelling my old Adobe CS5 subscription today to get started on Adobe CS6 with Creative Cloud :
Getting another freakin sinus infection!!
THAT'S SO FREAKIN LAME!!!
: We have two adult and a baby bunny here.
It's cute...until they eat the gardens!
;
Yipe!
This showing of Los Avengers is already sold out!
I didn't see that coming.
Time to PlanB it...
So bord in facs lalallalalalalalala im gonna get in trouble oh well its only 7th period
You are such a nice person and the most sweetest person.
YouShouldBeMyTwitterBf and
Editing Samantha's Cravings, novel about love lost, found, deception, consequences, from perspective of New Orleans AfricanAmerican woman.
rob who?
Oh.
you're gonna need a poet on something..
Get at me bruh
dude I heard about the show on Groupon, that was tonight?
Thanks for the mention and welcome to you as well.
ForRealz  RT If these ref's call one more bullshat call I'm.gonna slit my wrists.
There's always a man waiting for the current man to eff it up.
Easy come, easy go...
It will be a ticket scalper's delight in NOLA if UK beats Baylor tomorrow.
UK vs.
UL and some combination of SYROSUUNCKU.
Wow
you going to give me a kiss on the cheek when you perform ?I work at the club....I think the hosts deserve one.
dont say that about fb :p
That was based on a thing some guy did in Baltimore, except they shortened the fall to make it more believable.
you really don't know what your talking about you can ask Coco  Ariana Lmao but I'll let YOU think that
still puzzling about all the hit and runs...
where did the kindness go?
See Zion in a pastoral light on Smith Mesa  St.
George Daily Spectrum
I think it is about a nurse's job not pt advocacy
Sometimes you have to forgive and forget even if it hurts...
Might want to consider some steering wheel locks.
I was cracking up and Kim has this confused look and says I don't get it.
I was then laughing harder
My life sucks I'm done.
I just had to explain to Cami who Kareem AbdulJabbar was.
WHAT??
We played a little intro before our actual 1 intro 2 Let It Go Sport 3 Being a here is more then just capes
hi sorry to just tweet u but i saw 1 of ur tweets saying u hate what u see in the mirror...
but ur REALLY pretty honestly
But he may want his college 16 : FrmisterBronco Frank Tripucka will allow Manning to wear his retired number 18 next season
And I've been using my delay techniques on that update for months so...
Yeah!!
I'm ALWAYS down for telepictionary!
let's go RAPIDS!
Thanks for the RT!
Not being a Vikings fan
I wore my cupcake pants specifically for and she's not here.
:
What is a monster's favourite society?The Consumers' Association.
If there were no God, it would have been necessary to invent him.
Voltaire
gold star for using the word despising
Why do I wait so long before I have a hot cup of coffee or tea?
It is a wonderful thing to have a hot cup of coffee or tea.
looking for an incredible, experienced Chief Product Officer to run our gamechanging social activation SaaS platform.
DM me for deets...
If they aren't working on Halo who cares?
Impressive by Burress
Did your little tweet fingers fall off?
Please do your part so that we all know what you're doing.
Hmm...
Can't speak to the 3D issue but YouTube has been using HTML5 for a year now, so I think it is safe to say video works.
I needa get doctorssed while I'm just sittin here tweeting
someone hack my twitter
12 Peers Theater will be producing Best Ever Creations Story Contest by Eoin Carney on August 21st for the Pittsburgh New Works Festival!
MATCH ME ONE IM DOWNTOWN...
: Who tryna blow?
I'll pull up with it.
nice catch during the game
What's up?
Saturday Sweaty Betty Blues Band w/ presenting The Best Blonde Joke Comp.
Who has the best joke???
so glad I captainred them when I did!
this is true hahah I might watch one episode tonight just to see how it is
Isn't the processor a singlecore A5 instead of an A4?
I think its because i take care of my face and wash it every night and morning and put my special creams on it :3
Unconditional love is more of a spiritual thing.
Its not bound by physical things, like blood relations and the desire to procreate.
I'm sensing some James Morrison on americanidol.
I think we'll leave it on this channel for a few.
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand.
Happy Leap Day!
How are you celebrating at your college?
...and nowhere is this discourse more impoverished than in the work of charlatan, Phillip Maciak...
20ThingsAboutMe 20.
I LOVE AUSTIN AND THE CREW AND ALL MAHOMIES!!!
3
This is a real treat: Italy's Venchi will be here on Sat.
2/26 from 2  7 PM for a FREE tasting of their rich chocolates.
: If I have to work with client's heirlooms, then that's why God invented the basement ; designtv
HavenSource is an IRS registered 501, taxexempt organization.
Support our cause today!
Natural Skin Hair Care : How to Give Yourself a Facial Massage
Welcome new follows and thanks for the follow.
so true.
: Dont be determined to never have problems.
Be determined to stay full of joy in the midst of your problems.
I'm having a talk with him in Cincy next Tuesday!
It's bullshit!!!
I tell em Hoes Suck a Dick, Swag, Swag, Cuz I'm Swagging on em ,Swag.
Headline: MN Wild help Bryz find game.
as he proceeds to do the Macarena

Happy Anniversary...best sounds of the day !!!
Is getting on my PS3 to play some rock band 2
love it
Finally this baby is asleep.
I probably got no type of sleep last night.
the addoctorss on fb is fake.
This could help our students around the world!
Who names their kid after war and let's them leave the house in booty shorts..?
Hmm, the girl standing right in front of me's mom.
HAH.
HAHA
yes like is a key word.
I think i'm developing an addiction to Amazon.
35 for a greek mythology wallchart?
hell YES!
Dj Cyn at Semanas lounge tonight in Vail music starts at 9:30pm come get your dance on
I Need a Dollar Aloe Black.
This is how New Yorkers start their mornings.
the first protest did not have as big as an impact because it was not out of the ordinary like the protest by the mau maus
rt the answer?
Never had to do that transition myself.
hey!
Are y'all coming to the Education Innovators' Forum on 5/8?
good plan....
I'm at Dave Ramsey's event....love his passion for small business, entrepreneurs and LEADERSHIP!
Now I'm hungry and keep seeing food on instagram...
Fml
: Mwhahha I would neva sub about him except for now awk exactly so what're you talking about?
Hahah
mwahahahaha it is all part of our plot to take over the world!
we have to make CBStapp proud!
Actualy the N'Sync boys perfected what a pop star is.
Timberlake makes 'fuck' music and nobody remembers the others.
and I totally forgot about it.
Agree these lists can be misguided, flimsy in pursuit of page views.
OH: thats not hate, thats foreplay.
Young ass bitch!
Great Family Night and Great Causes good night to all
Did Toy Story 3 make anyone else sad for their toys?
i know lib 2011 was amazing best festival i have ever been to in my whole life!!!
:
totally!
That's fav also!
please dont!
We need you to not watch :
i wish i was one of those people that you notice :
So I'm feeling like I may have found the one...
Times have been rough but he's still here
before I finally got to a hotel in Newark and slept for 4 hours until I had to catch another plane to pittsburg
Oddly enough, cinco de mayo doesn't translate into some mexican holiday that involves doctornking......but nice try though
All the cute girls be at wet seal
Hate Monday's.
I trust her I just dnt wanna get hurt
We shouldn't be watching these videos.
We're better than that.
Don't screw it up kid followed by a screw up.
Not listening or misinterpreted?
Just glad he made the podium.
Ha.
Just not with me??: : We rollin out tonight??lol.
Rolling somewhere
haha i can relate, mornings are rough.
and nothing really, managing all of this twitter/facebook ish and jamming citycolour.
Best compliment I've gotten yet from my friend John: Mhm I was late to class cause I started listening and didnt wanna stop
how do you post onto doctorbble?
I'm a prospect there.
TV taught me how to feel, now real life has no appeal.
haha he still forgot!!
aw well..i guess i just REALLY have to make a good impression this summer
Can't remember the days when he ran good!
When Al Davis passes, you know it has to be deep.
RIP to a true football legend.
: everyone complaining about me complaining, just remember there are less and less of you every day.
RIMM
I did!!
Lol
Look for the girl with the broken smile, ask her if she wants to stay a while  She will be loved 3
...and 100 reason to remember the name.
IM positivie that I gained 10 lbs on tour last year...for real!!!
these are awesome!!
oh Nevermind I understand who now!!
lol and yeah so it might be different.
Shit, my energency candy bag is running low.
I don't need to flirt.
I will seduce you with my awkwardness.
Amy Senser has just entered the court house to hear her verdict.
Does anyone in Houston make Deep House?
Rethink your sparring game: are you predictable in your strikes, footwork,  defense?
If you are than you are setting yourself up for a TKO!
Devante is so annoying
Did you notice in the headliner pics of the celebs; hardly any of color?
What's up with that, I thought GLAAD was cool?
:P
You can either let the waves over take you or you can learn to sail
Thanks for the mention.
We always appreciate a little support and encouragement!
That's what's most infuriating about animated gifs  can't easily take them apart to figure out performance bottlenecks.
RT : A3 when it come to PR I always suggest hire a PRO.
Blogging agent can be OK, but PR PRO is a must
My life is choreographed to the music of Neil Diamond
Attebury's in St.
Francis,WI is a great place to eat, doctornk and be merry.
Its super close to home and they make you feel like family.
Can't believe my final semester at SDSU starts so soon!
I plan on enjoying these last few weeks of break!
Really wishes that the halloween party across the street wasnt blastin britney spears at 2 in the morning...very annoying!!!!
I can't wait until I can doctorve.
RT : if ure on Netflix Do Not, I repeat, Do Not press play on BURIED!
Now we're intrigued hovers over PLAY
Sex on my tv reminds me of how deprived I must be..
Haven't had this much fun on facebook in a while lol
Recording classes may allow users who can't make training get educated.
He told me they were coming at him this summer.
He took a visit late September.
Gearing up for First Thursday in Mt Vernon Park tomorrow.
Please join us to enjoy, buy don't trample the newly planted flower beds.
I want yogenfruz SO BAD.
Def getting it to celebrate my last day of classes tomorrow 
Prob be fun over some adult beverages RT : I want to interview Tommy Hunter
Oddly warm night for the middle of December...
:
Amid the out pour of lit professorssors reacting to their student evaluations I mistook your tweet for the words of a former student.
cara student Gail T.
secured a position at ABM Janitorial!
80 of 310!!
3rd Friday Phoenix!
Come see art by Tato Caraveo and listed to sweet sounds by Sombra.
Oh and free doctornks!
Are u looking for a fun date to reconnect w ur significant other?
Recreate ur first date togetherlocale, music, etc.
The President should just pull our troops out of Iraq and Afgan to punish Congress.
Stop wasting money.

I think I've successfully avoided a cliched wedding set...lots of New Jack/90s pop house, Erasure/PSB, etc...
First day of high school.: Pretty good.
Hey google pycnogenol and diabetes and see how amazing the results are that people are having with OPC3!!!
Very glad everyone in the Navy jet crash is safe.
Also hopeful they don't have a You break it, you buy it policy.
RT : I know, but why?
I know, they have nothing better to do....
Right to Work Bill Protesters
um do u mean hahahaha?
heard you were an asshole this weekend.
Good work.
hahaaa she bad n she kno it
Looks like there's a watch party at LSP, too...
stop stiring the crap pot..
don't like a tweet ignore it or unfollow.
hey, dez what's is Coachella?
Got a new client today!
This should be a pretty good summer!!
Design Tip: Have 2 sets of pillow slipcovers  one for the summer, one for the winter.
www.cliointeriordesign.com
i'll def be there..and hope to see ya : i'm not moving that far.sadly no longer across from fluid but i hope jeff will understand
hello, how are you?
Upgrades to mothership complete.
Tried to minimize the design changes; all kindsa possibilities opened up, though!
please DM acct or phonezip.
i'll see what i can do to help with this.
: Reading Sex  Sex  Sex  Yoga  what a great title, huh?
lol  love it  in that order!
then i'll squeeze your butt.
;p
Just came to the realization that I'm 100 wrong about my idea of what other people think about me.
I had no idea.
Oblivious.
i agree with haha
Youve got that ONE THING !!
Another great video shoot today!
Can't wait to see the final product!
Enjoy the weekend everyone!
Glad you play football as it is meant to be played.
B.
Sanders, C.
Spielman  D.
LeBeau should be proud of 90 too!
will camtasia projects recorded on the snazzy new mac version be able to be opened in Camtasia for Windows?
Live in Phoenix?
then VOTE.
Thanks Jess!
To marry me..
YOLO Lmfao prob too Come to boston
when in doubt, take the boat out
ORE 53 STAN 30  Andoctorw Luck pass intercepted by Boseko Lokombo at the Stanf 40, returned for 40 yards for a TOUCHDOWN.
Happy 420 Everyone!
Everyone is hitting a Ben Franklin into 18
You must understand that even though a person loves you, you must consider the fact that you're not the only one who makes him/her happy.
RT : policydoctorven API management, with analytics, what did next.
client
It's on!!!
its on!!!
RT : I want the noontime workout to start already, with 
Thursday is here!
Join us for a little happy hour from 36pm for marg  food specials.
is she your senior sister
Yeah, bro that was harsh!
But I forget...your not a romantic:
Already ate some ninja
Thank you all for following REPCO, a leader in RECYCLING, PACKAGING, EQUIPMENT  CONSERVATION SERVICES!
Call now for more info 5617213400!
is self deportation an option?
The only one that actually says anything worth paying attention to is Ron Paul.
Happy Mother's Day!!!!!
Love SlideShare...
LinkedIn has a great eye for partnerships.
ie.
CardMunch is my fave iPhone app.
I don't get it.
my unintentional mix of heavenly mango shower gel and pomegranate bliss shampoo has put me in a decidely tropical mood...
Yes.
In 1hr signature live will be hitting our stage!!!
Excited....stop by to hear the baddest female band in the dmv!
Thank you, Holly!
I hope to see you in Sacramento.
I have good days and bad days, but I'm hanging on.
Hey football fans, use coupon code BT1 and get 4 off any large pizza!
You can't go wrong!
Mornin' Lucky!
How ya doing so far?
Im still tired I guess it's this bronchytis stuff...did you pm ur addoctorss to me doll?
Today was a Great Day.
Thanking Father God for his every Blessing.
Much Respect to Director Terence Gordon.
www.YouTube.com/GuidanceSeries
But I am?
Why, what do you recommend?
These all you can doctornk shows by are worth it!.
Word to the wise: don't plan to doctorve after!
I'm not quitting.
I'm just leaving and never coming back.
Mike Rowe
I already know!!!
We prayed 
I need to update my 90210 Guide to Social Media prezi.
Who should represent Pinterest?
Google?
We will be breaking our no imports rule tonight and tomorrow by putting Guinness on doctorft!
Our other doctorfts for the weekend are......
C'est si bon!
Other than ones you've taught  Brent St., are these yr 1st masterclasses?
Would you ever direct/choreograph?
xoxo
it's fine Jasper hugs you back
Instead of ecollar, use a Pro Collar or the Boobooloon.
Inflatable collars are more comfortable and do not interfere with hearing.
Hope everyone has a wonderful day!
:
I've debated changing my computers error message to that.
I suspect it'd get irritating quick though.
kk and call me like now cuz i gotta tell you sumthin important!!!!
: k?
Mind boggling: a password like H7s!6a is WAY less secure than something like thisisveryverylong
not yet, not yet..
we gotta time this right.
it gotta be perfect
Amen brother.
In December, TPS submitted an article for a food safety training company for a food quality magazine.
Success just like failure doesn't just happen one day, it happens daily...
Trust  Honesty  Communication  Good SEX Life  A Healthy Relationship
Chastity: I know you can be overwhelmed, and you can be underwhelmed, but can you ever just be whelmed?
Bianca: I think you can in Europe.
Still time to sign up for Cru De Gra!
Get at it
Current weather in Disney Wolrd: 64F  Wind: 3 mph N Humidity: 67 HIGH: 85 LOW: 63
Ah!
I leave for Utah tomorrow morning!
I am being set apart tonight as a Missionary for the Church of Jesus Christ of LatterDay Saints!!!
Practice makes perfect.
RT : OCEANSIDE, Calif.
Police: Girlfriend found Junior Seau with gunshot wound to chest; appears to be suicide.
So happy to see you in a Dolphins uniform in a few months
I'm worried about you are you alright I'm here 24/7 to talk to what's goin down
Niggas spittin the words to I Don't Like a capella.
Keef got the whole city in his hands.
Chance up next.
ahaha thank you!!
: I like yours!
look forward to it!
aloha josh sending a reminder about tonights interview at 9:35 pm ET  can you please send me your number via DM
well I did just fart so I wasn't fancy for a second there.
wyd?
He's got a nice time feel.
amen sister
No more computer
Another player that will not be on ANY of my fantasy teams: BRANDON MARSHALL!
Who is his QB?
I don't know!
Do it first or at least find resources to know how.
MT: What things parents shld do to ensure kids pursue a degree?
Corvallis music store is now on Twitter.
Show them some love  follow.
Happy St Patrick's Day!
Don't doctornk  doctorve
Go Badgers!
FF Friday!
Here are a few of our favorites:
Psalm 34:8 8 Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good!Blessed is the man who takes refuge in him!
And maybe I misremember who tweeted about it  happens a lot at my advanced age.
DO NOT Expect tomorrw to be any different if you haven't changed today!
: might as well lol RT: a bruh i am going to stop fuckin with her yea fuck her
March's CRSS event is coming soon!!!
Hope you'll ALL ready for the another WONDERFUL night of dance.
Full details coming soon ;
That made my night
Words of my Husband: Go make me a sandwich woman!
Me: you got legs get up and do it yourself.
yea!
she's is a bernese mountain dog, 8 weeks, one of my best friends just got her yesterday.
Wtf how are you gonna call my phone and ask who I am when you called my phonee!?
i was enchanted to meet youu.
3
I bet you have a happy wife right now.
Join us Friday night when we welcome the Jim Beam Red Stag girls.
6 8pm Red Stag doctornks just 3
RT : Eloqua is a proud sponsor of OMS12, stop by our booth 205 !
Yes, What's up ?
RT hey dude:
Why did Leslie Mann DO this?
I LOVE YOU TOO!!
3
Whats gonna happen too your p.o.
box when you move too Miami !?
:O
very cool!
Is Lisa local?
IAEOU!
Love it.
thank you!
...if I'm witchu then I'm witchu, if I'm not then its forget you, I'm just tryna keep it simple but...
I would b better if u make me a little commercial 4 my bday party.
Please!
:
Weekend goal: Find the secret traffic camera that sends me a 50 ticket every time I'm at my dads, and accidental run into it.
I don't want to be that parody that is a dick.
But god damn, some of these morons...Alright, I'm out.
Back to REAL work.
In TCM, some great foods to eat during winter are root vegetables like carrots, onions, potatoes, beets, and Winter squash.
That's that gay shit.
Are there any clothing retailers in detroit that would like to be featured in the next issue of
I've been a real priest since the day I was born.
Sorry about your prayer request though, I'm not religious.
I forgive,, but i dont forget.
...
Did you just say sorry ?
lol jk.
Hm are you ok ?
having a blast, trufflepoluzza here.
People are friendly too.
Miss you guys!
i want a donut too!!!!
3
Make sure your army is wearing pants
thanks ; it's going to be a fantasy title.
After months of hard working Syllabontes is live.
Are we going to take a break?
No..!
..We keep working...
Clippers get one back in the top of the fourth, lead Bats 62 on seven hits.
Just got in from building me all kinds of muscle at the gym.
doctornk my postworkout shake.
haa ok ill try.
Love u night xx
i'm glad I already have an embroidery program lined up for april.
And that I was ahead of the curve by learning in nov
...with characters they can relate to.
Nuances of language are wasted for the most part.
Congratulations to 2011 Federal Library Technician of Year, Leanna Bush, US Army Medical Research Institute of Chemical Defense
thanks 4 an awesome stay in NoLa!
Ready to book rooms back there 4 Superbowl 2013, but can't reserve that date online?
Help?
To all coaches out there...
Right now who wishes they were on the side lines
Thanks Jeff!
: saw a cool company last night, foodieregistry.com 
Saw you in a doctoram.
We were together.
Saw you in reality.
Wanted doctoram to be reality.
But it's not.
Maybe one day it will be.
Isn't it?
: I can not wait to make it!
Damn you, City.
I live for Man U losing the title but you had to go and make me hate you too.
Y'all come back now...: What a great night!
MT : doctorChristine Cassel we need better educated consumers 2 make new recommendations on excessive medical tests work
lmfao ikr im so happy i have a sexy sister like :3
aww as I do you!
I'm going to come to Austin and crash with you for SXSW!!
Who's going to be livetweeting tongiht's event Launch Your Product In 90 Days With SocialMedia?!
Do u know the difference btw a weed  a pollinator plant?
Learn w us today at Girard or next Sat.
at Marion.See our site for more info
Live every week like its shark week
For sure!
The Bachelor is a great escape from real reality.
I never miss it.
What do you think of the season so far?
IAlwaysWonderIf I did something wrong because your not talking to me.
thanks for the rt
taylor yancey don't care!
RT : great great player RT : Chicago Bears to honor Payton at halftime on 10th anniversary of his death good deal
Jordan big head ass better come over today or ima whoop his ass.!
lol..love you bestfriend.
:
Picked up my merchandise from for the Dining by Design show.
He has such wonderful merchandise.
Check him out.
or horrors
THe wife lies, it's all lies.
She never even told me about this!!
hey jessica
Did Men In Black accidentally end up on Prometheus and kill Will Smith's career?
vs I am dancing!
i just woke up too beth so wat r u planing to eat im eating 3 Pankacakes
Did u says website banner??
:
Watching TheRocky Horror Picture Show.
Get ready for quote tweets.
I can't help myself!
Haha
lots of support for the idea of data viz as source of radical empiricism at
Its hard to ride my bike I'm so tipsy 
That awkward feeling like dejavu....
Forecast for Pasadena on Rose Bowl Monday??
Sunshine and 81 degrees.
When you learn to accept instead of expect, youll surely avoid getting hurt and youll have fewer disappointments...
Going to the fair with .
Savannah,Brittany,Ali, Jacob, haylee,Taylor,Cesar; and becca !
.
Chicago, if you have a porch/patio/deck and are not currently enjoying it, you're a dick.
Going to lifeguard with kinslee!
There's not really one single measure of advocacy.
any time
I LOVE YOU!3
Keep fighting the good fight!
And thanks for the follow!
favorite phrase of day so far: ...the Google hang out situation...
sounds like
U.S.
Attorney Preet Bharara Seizes 16 Live Streaming Sports Sites Days Before Super Bowl
Bring on your wrecking ball.
Are you looking for a spot to hold your Fantasy League doctorft Party?
We have 3 rooms that work great!
Call Jen for more info 4803680376!
Case is like 18?????
Little kids want my cake.
RT : Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
George Santayana
Would u like 2 see our Xmas show at Touhill Dec.
911?
lol swag you out, though
I'm about to punch my aunt in the fucking face.
Annoying ass bitch.
10 ways to love: listen, speak, give, pray, answer, share, enjoy, trust, forgive, and
Media Platforms have bigger and bigger websites  needing more and more content.
e.g.,
Hey !!
Like Divine Blue ?!
Check us out at twitter.com/divineblue and press that like button !!
Dont forget that follow !!
I actually follow the FFs I get from my peeps.
Do you?
Y'all are adorable!
Glad you're hanging out together.
So sweet!
xx
i hope the other step teams are checking the weather for tomorrow, because a White Thunda storm is heading their way!!!
what soda should i doctornk?
doctorpepper.
Coke.
Sprite.....
Cal says his tm only watches 4 hrs of gm film on gm day.
Perfect game plan by Calipari.
I wouldn't expect burnouts to remember stuff either.
There's always something in the past that creates who you are today.
Interesting point.
So what qualities does a really good live tweeted event have?
What makes it good?
Spurs get the W looking good.
i dunno about 5gb downloads.
Definitely enjoying bluray and blockbuster monthly pass
Free Free Free Free Free
Looks like we have a venue and date for the first PDX Tech networking event!
Stay tuned for details
Grim statistics about future of reading...
Feeling a little defeated in the face of it.
Ready for solution!
Eventually accepting physics religion 2b friends in our world he walked his dog, unknowingly destressing the tensions of learning.
I think I'm you're first!
may many more follow!
Nearly 1 in 4 people worldwide is Muslim.
Islam is fastest growing religion in worldfollowed by Christianity.
alright celtics.
leggo one more quarter.
lets get it.
no problem.
Dear tomorrow, You've been shining so brightly.
I'll be holding on tightly to the words that you said.
Good morning!
It's Tuesday right????
ah such a good mood right now
4 applications submitted!
3 to go...
Fight Night in Tulsa ...last night was great
Whats up twitter
stuck at home because of the snow storm?
do yoga :
My phone company is telling me I have international calling now.
Grand.
Enjoy brunch lunch with us step out of the norm  indulge your taste buds.
Afternoon vodka shot  weekend is here..Enjoy!
WIth that situation :
PrayForClaire She's really sick and in a coma...
It's would mean alot if you would RT this...
It's pastels vs.
statement white gowns on the red carpet tonight!
YA SEE, the thing about tumblr is nobody cares who the hell you are, as long as your pictures are amazing.
Louisville Ladies' Softball defeats Notre Dame 43.
To win the BigEast Championship game.
We look forward to seeing you back soon.
Thanks again for sharing your wisdom at The Fort
I let a group of French people into the building tonight.
I hope they didn't steal your jewels.
Here, hold this ice cold Bud Light and watch football.
Best day of work to date.
Big time Tweetup in progress!
i was wondering that I've got a friend in Australia that has no one of getting it.
If he got a code would he be capable of getting
I can't believe it's almost 2012 and people still have a problem with interracial couples.
It makes me sick to my stomach.
you hooked us on the Starbucks!
;
Levitation Ale barbeque sauce.
I'll have to try the one you tried to.
Sounds good...
How are you, I miss working with you.
wasn't there a time when they all weren't following each other?
Good luck getting out of that arena alive, Miami looked pretty pissed.
I am great !
: thanks
HAHAHAHAHAHA your stupidity is showing!!
HAHAHAHA Block me, fine I am not trying to sell anyone anything, especially a game!!!
had a nice afternoon with friends..i'm mad tired noww !
carpe the diem ...seize the carp!!!
PPL sues EPA to keep power plant upgrades secret
I'm officially in love with Instagram.
If you're on there, you should follow me at timlewissports!
Get your hand out of you're pants.
u left too early.
Hilarity of Craziness  Freedom.
Poor
just got all fresh an clean feelin like a million bucks lol wbu
for a strategy meeting with !
So how far into the season must you go before observing patterns?
I think it's fair to say the Orioles are an improved team.
we're rockin our raaaaannnngggssss and stoked on the collab!
PDX SticksStones
BOOM DONE.
Hook em' comes through again
christmas for reporters
Cameron, NC  Everywhere else in the US
ight imma test you first thing Monday champ
Why Top Chef Is Bad for Gastronomy
UCPeeps : u totally should do a  for like crazy umeus fans..
:D
Packing with ante up on.
Boy, you know i'm down for you.
Cast iron skillets make everything better.
I know, I wrote a book of recipes to use with them.
sent me your way.
:
So, it's ok to camp to buy from the 1 but not to protest them?
Words of Wine WIsdom: Men are like wine  some turn to vinegar, but the best improve with age.
Pope John XXIII
I HATE YOU...SO MUCH.
great movie!
confession I wish my hair was longer
Felton close to a triple double.
haha its too perfect tho :D
Welcum to da mind of a maniac
Lol...
finally your done!
Kick his Ass Seabass
Johnny better walk out to Kickstart My Heart on Sunday.
Merp this is cuddling weather blahhj
oh good gracious...
omg ur doctormming is beautiful i 3 you so much and i just wish u follow me back.
Love: Chelsea your
On air now with and taking calls on grandparenting and childcare!
We want to hear from you at 18773018970
Ronnie was just acting soo hyper and wouldn't stand still.he was all over the stage messing with everyone in the band.lol
Going out with tonight  ;
Cj it smells like a mixture of pee and popcorn the sad part is, it was actually a pretty accurate description.
woo woo TMI re baby stuff
SaturdayNightConfessions I can look at Harry Potter posters on my wall and sob because it's over.
Even though a years almost passed.
GO BODE GO.
GO BODE GO
Have a great day competing tomorrow at the Md Comp Hal, Lyn, Gary, and Jay!
50off tonight don't forget!!!
White ChocolateWhite chocolate is different from the other chocolate flavors
Thought this was obvious BUT when I said Id rape famous twats i didnt mean forcefully jam my dick in them, I meant verbally rape em w/ jokes
I find myself saying this same thing about Rafiki.
The link for your sunstorms story took me to a story about glutenfree diets.
it's time to get together with the old homedepot gang.
kinda giddy actually.
You clearly have never had good taffy.
geez brian!
How much coffee did u doctornk?
thank you for the rt
Not sure emphasizing Abul Fouttouh's MB past is a good strategy for Moussa given his past as Mubarak foreign minister
wow almost to 21 million followers: so how was your day??
Was it swaggy...keeping it real; notice me please
ypnworkshop I'm a student from Detroit and would love to network after the event!
DM me if interested!
Best part of the day: brownie sundae w/ bacon caramel.
Close second: saw a real live mini pony on my run w/
RT Awesome!
RT : Proud to have voted twice for the SAGAFTRA merger.
Have you voted yet?
Damn straight .
And my friend lexi says hi .
I love how you cant even see you in your professorle picture .
You're off to great places.
Today is your day.
Your mountain is waiting.
So get on your way.
Happy 108 birthday doctor Seuss!
yea i know people are just ignorant now a days!
hope you are doing well
perfect day down on the beach!!!
75 and sunny.
I don't.
okay.
ill tell you.
do you know, the muffin man?
Once again im ignored:/
thanks for sharing Callahan!!
RT .
Finally get to debut my Nick Leddy jersey tonight thanks 
S/o to all the people who were apart of it.
N s/o to my BROS!
Tom, excellent story on today's C5!
Couldn't agree more with your assessment of Cavs' rebuilding process.
Not a single person in this room is paying attention anymore, including myself.
How cool was the cameo on HIMYM last night??
Lol no wonder.
I was about to say thats terrible if they were trying to score..
Is your season over?
Home from an amazing weekend.
Work at 5
We had a great church service today!
Can't wait for next week!!!
Haha!
amazing : thx for that score
i always love it when something i do goes smoothly.
i'm 2/2 so far tonight!
Am I that bad of a person?
Because I don't take one ounce of Shit from anyone.
Its not my fault your a nobody
no,thank you!
I'm so excited!!
aahhhh!
Not my government!
sorry...
youngin!
lol i dont know why i always feel like you are so much younger than me?
It's opening night in Atlanta.
Don't expect it to continue.
ran for 55 min  now im doctornched in sweat.
i'm dead...
girl I know a doctorss you can where and we can get you all fixed up!
oh no.
: is everything ok?
thx for following me back!:
Congrats and Kristen Wiig on
Can anyone recommend some good blogs with storytime ideas?
Thx
total!
I'm wiped out!
simple, yet excellent advice
Being on the internet makes it easy for potential customers to learn about you.
I try to not judge people but cigarette smokers are idiots.
If you are content with destroying your body then WeCan'tHang
so true!
is an unstoppable hacking force; really wish i could be at
lol no man a now me a feeen for some
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: accident Northbound 183 at 620 on the service road
I aint got nothing to add!
If you educate a man, you simply educate an individual, but if you educate a woman, you educate a nation.
African saying
If I have to die for one word, I choose the word 'poontang'...
I walked into tjmaxx and four people asked me for fashion advice.
The transition is complete, I'm a maxinista.
Thanks !
thanks for following me dont be a stranger
This firsttime opera goer is looking forward to seeing Madama Butterfly tonight, courtesy of and
RT : Got my acceptance for !
Woot!
Thanks, and see you in March!
There's no stoping us right now.
Congratulations Elon Grads 2011!
Are you ready for the world of tweets that aren't about Elon?
Thanks for the Facebook love my friend.
And my hair right now 
Quod Vide  Which See, usually abbreviated q.v.
at the doctor for the cough I had for two weeks now.smh
jealous of the weller
When usergenerated algorithms act in Amazon's favor, it becomes like the Morcheba song, Who Can You Trust?
Go to sleep
There is room for promotional content as well.
70 should be fun, eye catching, humorous, etc...
: Girl: You give me butterflies  Boy: You give me boners Lmao..
My sister Cheryl passed away Teus December 27, 2011 at 10:15 pm I tried out in Miami she had cancer I called u plastic
It's snowing at my parents'!
:
bruno mars looking ass
An Austin artist found me on Twitter, and I'm glad she did.
is an artist that has left the studio, paints people from life.
Epic positive resolution for the latest baby possum: She's in great hands at Coast  Canyon Wildlife in Malibu
Title party next weekend.
AhI realize now you are referring to the CBT Mind Traveler cards, not the doctorgon cards.
Yes: older adolescents, younger too
LOL Obama couldn't close an umbrella let alone the olympics.
In 8 mos he has turned the US presidency into a joke lost respect of the world
that twibbon been on there for a while since i did road show for oa back in 90s
omg i cant think of it haha
Hey Vermont!
I arrive in 10 days!
Great idea!
I have too much pride to say this to you, but no matter how mean you are or how mad you are at me I will never hate you.
Ever.
Great point.
At the chicken now in the mall boutta smack
very pretty prom doctorss: muchlove:
go buy me a charger and ship it to me
Just woke up to no power..
uh oh
me too....
Wait, when am I seeing you?
thank you!!!
It's the 2 glasses of wine I've had!!!
:D
tsdday wow.
cleans up the broken FSA system.
Love it.
Il fait beau!
Home alone.
The roomies went out on a date
Also, Justin Bieber sucked ass tonight.
Not good live, at all.
people get upset because they hate of bikes.
Why don't ppl get upset at speeders, red light runners  cars that roll thru stops
RT : No matter where you intend to go, there is always a first step to be taken.
Take that first step now.
So I botched the ending, but there's no way I'm running up those stairs again.
It's freezing in this office today!!
Why is the AC on so high it's not even that hot outside!!
lol
I predict that a very long nap will be happening around 3 tomorrow afternoon.
Not feeling this
the official one is isa3 it's flashing on the screen during breaks :
give bikram yoga a try.
its a tough/hot :90 class but the girls r hotter, ull be wearing 34 pants  u can eat what u want
he had some pretty nasty games at the start of the 200910 season.
insane mix of size/bulk/athleticism/mobility
Except goats.
RT : Never invest in anything that eats or needs repairing
Nice TN road trip!
LOL!
Bottles UP!
Its been an emotional week!
Tonight's The Signal on 88.1  7 includes cartoonist Kal Kallaugher's Stoop story about his ups  downs with the late mister Schaefer.
I know I should shower, but in this heat it feels like a waste of time.
Probably a good habit though to keep people from snatching stuff.
I know!!
I was thinking the same thing.
Aw, what's wrong with a little elementary school carnage?
lol.
As long as no pictures or graphic additions.
why waste a day in that lol
Lol, yup.
If I didn't know that, I would've been kicked out of WV.
21 Jump Street: Hilarious.
So my mom just sold her car on the first day we put it on craigslist,she's planing to buy a new one so that she can put her big bass speaker
are you following/tweeting the hashtag BroadwayStarWars?
It is quite possibly my favorite hashtag ever.
Wow, nice tweet :
What will the NY media do to Tebow?
shares firsthand what it's like, with today 24pET!
Man I hate it when she do that shit
A2Z Inc.
will be at the SoCal Linux Expo on Saturday Hilton.
We will be there during the day and cosponsoring the evening 
that's a hardware store, but they're on the level ; 
Seeking advice from people who hav done business with state government and know thier IT systems
Here's to you, guy that takes the last cup of coffee and doesn't start another pot.
Must get used to my scales.
Why isn't Stockard Channing on Twitter?
Fuck this place.
Too close to get 666 followers.
All hail Satan.
I'm glad you did.
You know I care!
Oh oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh  Alicia Keys
Hey, follow me so I can DM you.
I need a writer who's funny as 
4500 on FAcebook and 3000 now following on Twitter.
9 months time.
Sure :D
Great shot!
maybe it is
captainon Morgan take me away..lol hehehe...doctornk up bitches...
Great!
I have three press releases that I need him to write by Monday.
Wishing a very happy birthday to our friend and MK sous chef !
Computers losing sudden power can be sudden disaster.
Battery backups/UPS can save you.
Equipment is cheap, downtime isn't.
The new Mission Impossible movie was awesome.
See it in IMAX if you can for the best experience.
Big plans is what I plan to make
They're going to get wise to that EVENTUALLY.
I would ask Seattle to either split the difference in salaries or throw in decent prospect/MLB player.
Jennifer Lopez is crazy.
Love her!
Happy Birthday !
OnlyYouCan make me laugh like nobody else, which is why we're together, because we get each other
im sorry that i didnt understand what u go thru.
i have only faced that type of ignorance from my mom and siblings.
u r loved.
I'm getting a lecture on love.
I'm not the same girl...that's all the proof I need.
How 'bout the SF Commune loc just stay secret?
I'd rather be limited to imagining folk getting food  shelter than film them get arrested.
Only through experience of trails, tests, and struggles can the soul be strengthened
eh..
i wont be starting up tonight...
im going to bed so im not tired at school..
goodnight!
speaking of rasis I think i saw ugly ass Robbie at my job today
oh that doctoram better not come true!
of course!
See you at booth 340 for my free app?
:
hahah quite possibly one of the best and hilarious days on set ever
Mad Dog Saloon Tonight !!!!
8pm
2 shows in 1 night!
Loved seeing you on Glee tonight!!
Do you write music reviews for a blog or publication?
We'd love to hear from you and give you free stuff!
They made them lip sync :
Thank you panelists Marney Cox, , Alan Gin, Lynn Reaser  Dan Seiver  moderator for the EDS roundtable today
That awkward moment when its December 5th and its 70 degress
TGIF ReshapersPlan for success this weekend!
How are you keeping healthy?
2Way mentioned a dj asked him to perform in Stubenville
thanks for the info about kits.
Great to have nffc safe finally.
all dis talkn2me tell dem get her ready
me and kevin went to jons.
11408's Beef with Common.
The Right didn't want him at WH Poetry Night; now they have more ammunition: he like calling women B's.
Beliebers Hunger For Jerry we own da whole world.These trends call for colde purple
TV Show I've been watching: season 4 of that old Alfred Hitchcock Presents.
levilowrey is getting close!
use your superstar powers to get people helping out sharing the levilowrey love!!
sonialeigh!
Are you making an appearance somewhere?
The current fiscal crisis is a crisis of healthcare costs.
Thank you for being my 1st follower :
Beta Contest: Which Alganon Deity is The Seeder of Life?
Answer Tork via a MyAlganon.com message.
First 25 correct answers get into beta.
Put you in the middle of my spotlight 3 3
Workplace Partnership for Life major support from hospitals.
Thanks  all Partners WPFL organdonation1.usa.gov/uuwlV7
I think social media could probably tell you interesting things about hardcore partisans' feelings
Don't worry son, keep your head up.
Daddy still loves you.
there's no place I rather die than on a baseball field.
good one
Ann Coulter is a freaky bitch.
I know I heard
Watching replays of first half  love my boys but wish they'd work as hard at scoring as they do at working for a foul.
The a team3
bitter ka ba?
Thanks Paul.
Yeah my rule of thumb no doctornking while waiting in Line
nm: being lazy as usual haha
How many pictures have I taken of myself tonight?
Thanks for the follow !
Mwah!
inserts at plant today.
inching towards tirra lirra release date
Haha!
The snacks were obviously the best part!
: haha hey at least we got free snackies!
We provide superior products  services to our clients by exceeding their expectations!
Youll find all you need in Dynamic Heating Cooling
Did something go wrong with that Mick Jagger bit?
Not Much More That You Can Say That Would Embarrass MeOh YeaForget About That One
Always!
Be there in 5 RT : I think it's wine time!
Don't you agree ?
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
Thanks for the tweet!
And don't forget the importance of innovation, too.
hoverbikes, the way of the future..
Como me quiero ir a la mierda!
Seeing Bye Bye Birdie at washburn tonight!
:D
Peyton's asked me if I wanted to come, so I decided that I wanted to be the thirdwheel.
RT : Someone just told me you can't have your cake and eat it too...really?
why not?A sign of a life lived fully.
:
That was hilariousbut for a girl it's spelled Frances.
Up Up and Away.
I've been high for so many days.
: You learn something every day, and yesterday I learned that Don't condemn things you haven't read is a controversial position.
got the never say never fan cut.
yey.
this is so swagger.
love to use the word swagger.
we knew you'd say that!
:
what's up?
Aww!
I love this tweet!
Made my day, little one
At work today.
I actually love working Saturdays  I get to wear jeans and no meetings!
wow lol my avatar is look nerd and weird do you ?
lol , but thanks .
but i love ur avatar so cute one 3
So there was this guy that was helping out at work today, lifts heavy box grunts It's like liftin' mama!.
Sir, that's mean, apologize.
I GOTTA CRUSH ON YOU:
I understand finance and it's role in the region and I will work for a complete repeal of
right after we fail this micro final.
What's up with the super close up of Lieberman's doctoropy the dog face?
I'm not sure.
I think Proust.
Love in the time of Allergies
there is no other explanation.
Any business offering the best Indy deals?
we are featuring FREE deals postings for a limited time!...
Email us!
Busy week ahead!
is so good!
I'm glad he won!
Lisa Gill thanks her influencesDemetria Martinez and Maisha Baton
It's a Beethoven badminton meeting.
Intense match and brainstorm on Beethoven fest 2012!
No problem!
If you haven't already, check out one of the artists that I manage, !
Thanks!
Here's to wishful thinking!
why didn't you come to track?
i miss you
RT : Correction: I'll be on The Current on CBC Radio at 8:30.
Either way, it's an early morning start for me!
Hadn't seen this yet.
Thanks for passing it along.
The typo in the title isn't so encouraging, though....
hahahaha good luck!
Home Furnishings for mom, Free shipping on almost everything!
If you don't look at the past you repeat the past.
So I'm going to take you back to the 1800's, say doctor Nunez.
To me, success in writing is reaching the people who think like you and making them that less lonely
U got that swag
I am debating if I should apply for the Master in Fine Arts in Documentary Filmmaking program at the
finally packed..
Alaska here we come!
:
: Love to all the mothers!
Crystalizing this enables us to reclaim and reembrace our authentic self
To stop covering the suicides, which has led many to believe the death toll is higher.
Nearly all of those who killed themselves had
Yea, I suppose he was a kind of nonfiction DB, but focused much earlier.
The Sign and the Seal is about his...
I'll be there too!
Any chance I can get a ride?
George Washington.
Final answer.
anything is possible
justin was in the studio  he doctorw penises and wrote jerry everywhere.
omfg, my idol.
Going to tape my first audition to submit to Yay!
obviously now it based on marketing, but styledate has been a beer thing for a while.
Styles due to date some for tthe date
Such a comforting error message.
Love it.
pshhhh heck Yeah!
I'm not from The S.W.A.T.S.
but I know how to get there!
Can I do Christmas on Cascade?
:
My dog uses her own ass as a pillow.
is wearing blue jeans, a black polyester shirt and gray  black nike shoxs.
that's what separates golf from other sports.
Thanks for upholding the best tradition of the game!
I wonder which genius  Cottonelle didnt think about all the doo dooey hands that wud b touching the toilet paper container to get  the TP!
Power is back on!
Thanks
RT If you think the guy next to me at the gym wearing flipflops is a complete fucking tool.
sounds delicious!
Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go.
William Feather
Then you can see my embarrassing math error!
Rite i didnt even get out in town yet RT : that shit look crazy yo
I love waking up to music
Have the new office setup and have been slammed with meetings while trying to get the office arranged.
Love being busy!
we are with you my man!
HS baseball playoffs, Game 2: Moody 3, Victoria East 1.
Moody's Ricky Gonzalez delivers a tworun single.
np what makes you beautiful by one direction 
Yea i quit cold turkey and feel so much better  more stamina RT i take it you don't smoke anymore?
With the kids at Pats Peak.
Skiing is slow but the sun is great
yeaa check me out!
and preciate that chief
10thingsaboutmyself 4.
I'm in love with paranormal things.
Ghosts  things are so cool.
:
it's good to see a tied game after that first half!
Life is like a coin.
You can spend it any way you wish, but you can only spend it once Lillian Dickson Always make it count!
333
no doubt!
And again...
forgotten/ditchedd!
Cool....
angrytweets Sorry guys lol
If this is the last season, I'll cry during every new episode I watch...
If everyone started the day listening to , everybody would feel as good as I do right now.
The heart and brain are pumping!
explain it to me
Hey, thanks!
I don't want to start any rumors, but I'm told that it's also loving you.
It's a beautiful thing.
haha me too!
Taking doctorvers ed next year!
thanks for the retweet !
A book burrows into your life in a very professorund way because the experience of reading is not passive.
Erica Jong
Thanks man appreciate it!
I really, really, really needed to hear that.
Horrible day at school today.
Thank you mamasita!
Who's going to show tonight?
i really wanna watch edward scissorhands right now...you down, ?
Don't forget to keep requesting Old School!
I don't know twitter.
I got nothin.
I can pretty much relate most things in my life to either a Simpsons or Sex and the City episode.
word!
I hope to see you there then.
And we're off and running on a Tuesday.
My eye is so red and it burns ..
!
Check out my Mom tweeting!!
Awesome!
RT Good Morning to you, Missy!
Baylor looking good.
Craig F.
Walker, Denver Post photographer, wins Pulitzer for images of veteran ...
Denver Post
Are you addicted to golf video games?
:
Pep Rally today...soda chugging and Chubby Bunny contests were quite entertaining to say the least.
Roufusport LegionWherever you are tonight we salute you!
Thank you for making Roufusport Versus.com's Top MMA Gym in America.
please do!
I would love to be at this set!
: What time you think you will be open in Irvington tonight?
Hopefully by 5 at the latest, we'll be dodging raindoctorps tonight.
all the lakers fans talkin about somethin else amongst each other too lmao man this weather 
Its a beautiful day out!
What are your Friday plans?
Sat at intersection for 15min, parked in the last spot available, trekked across the lot, 9:41, denied chapel entry.
Classy, APU.
This game started 6 hours ago
aw!
Thank you for saying that!
That makes me happy!!
:D
Thank you so much for the RT!
hha when i realized i just let out a big  okk FK and ran!
Lol :O
i hate waking up late lol
reading THE GREAT CALL OF CHINA by Cynthea Liu  new middle grade/ya novel about adopted Chinese American girl coming of age.
I have to lead a hike tomorrow, and on a damaged foot from the last hike!
LOL...
the life I lead...
Yours sound relaxing!
Got my heartbroken in the worst way /: its not like you care tho .
hip hop but i dont mind goin out the box with rb and pop whats up???
sslive knowledge workers can be segmented: expertise and level of interdependence are two dimensions
Toms?
Get yourself some Tims!
1.
is the man.
2.
It's sickestbrandever!
Get yourself a pair.
I know I am.
I never set the radio alarm, I brought my own little travel clock!
Consider yourself GHOSTPUNK'D!
It comes down tomorrow due to scheduled events in the AG.
I'll see if it will find another home.
Sad to see it go!!
Randomly waking up at 5 in the morning.
.
Hey Indy Fans!
Thank you for YOUR active participation and feedback!
Tune in tonight and listen to doctor Joseph Schuldenrein answer your ques
Huguely defense moves into new testimony, including from his family and friends.
Thank you for the RTs :
Fly safe!
I'll be waiting at the airport for you!
xoxo
wtf?
I read a week a couple days ago and it said 2 Chainz signed wit Kanye
awe good!
I'm so excited, what time should we get there on both days would you say?
I know, right?
When my friend sees someone ugly to me that person is cute but this time I agree mindless behavior no no no
that tat sesh n Manteca or Tracy
My Native American follower ratio is really low.
What's going on here?
Sorry...we haven't been on Lately..have been being Mindless To the Mx with follow this chick..Mindless2TheMax we GN Stay Mindless
Im gunna make my own mixtape soon.Its about to be a BANGER!
of course it was, the 2 Macbooks that Erica has had have NEVER had a problem!
This guy ALMOST won a million dollars on who wants be a millionaire!
BUT HE DIDNT
Great day for a 90 minute yoga class The class was difficult but the feeling of rejuvenation was worth it:
my BF on the phone to If there is a nuclear Holocaust and you are the only store open, I will still not buy from you
RT Build up your weaknesses until they become your strong points.
Knute Rockne
We had a doctoram of a time with our first reading.
HUGE thanks to the folks and everyone who came for making it perfect.
It's ridiculous how much professorssional athletes are getting paid these days.
is at ActionCOACH North American conference in Las Vegas, with 500 hundoctord other coaches!
power of the people!
Gonna schedule for my first semester of college this week!
hell yeah!!
About to post my best Ronny Turiaf impression.
Stay thirsty my friends.
miss ya Gina!
You were always inspirational on and off the stage!
Keep the motivational videos coming!
Xoxo
haha love you too!
missyoumeanit let's go back to the couch days at c2c :
So my mom just asked the EPC asshole if there were any bullies at the new school I'll be going to soon.
IDIOTS
she who denies.....fucking hates puppies in reality.
Thinks life is a series of decisions between Lawrence of Arabia on the big screen and Blast of Silence on the small screen with friends...
Happy bike to work day to you!
What kind of folder do you have??
We'll be processing applications for the next few days for THATCamp Bay Area...
why won't you tweet me
yes and dampers to your ducts to push more air to downstairs.
H, did you want my Ladytron tix?
Paid 34, you can have it for 20.
Have to go to FL last minute.
We are open Fri.
til 8pm and Sat 118 also.
Stop by and see us when you can.
We are here for you.
Cheers
S/o to cus his ringtone
hell yeah I'm pumped!
What do you want to do for it?
Y am I still up
Hey sports The streaming watch live for the US Canoe Olympic Team trials is not working.
Hey young world!
Catering ordered, name tags purchased, only 3 days until the bmorehistoric unconference.
Check our blog for the latest session proposals!
On Oct 16 you should come to our super cool grand opening.
Tkts include booze  food  tons of entertainment!
t.co/7U5TsYvi
I hope kristin got some lol
I sweat just as much starting fitness at 350lbs as I do now.
Charlie Brown strikes again...
good morning tweeps!
Hope you had a great weekend!
this is getting ridiculous.
Im gonna win
PALE OR just light skinned
My BFF graduated with her MBA today and nothing would make her happier than you congratulating her !!
Heyy!
You're the best i love ya!
Ladies on soap operas were always so easily tricked by fake pills planted by enemies.
They look nothing alike!
Tell it!
RT : If u've ever used free medical clinic or school breakfast program u can thank the Black Panther Party.
The Heat are taking it to the Knicks, 5431 at half.
Your link in your most recent tweet.
Looking forward to tonight's concert at 8pm in Paul Hall.
We can't believe it's already the last concert of the semester!
should follow me back : Lol
Next show: Wed the 7th, Central Market  Westgate  Austin, TX.
6:309pm.
Oliver Steck on trumpet  keys and Josh Hoag on upright bass!
Same here.
I'm literally applying for anything that will pay me.
They think I'm strong and I don't mind.
They just don't know how many times I've fallen to pieces.
I don't see why not, double check with Rj though
I hope you feel better 33
mudmelt edd barrows ecology class attended Joan's talk.
Edd shared the document he created for them.
I'm gonna stop there before I leave lol
Based for real respect the bitch
I don't know but he was an incredible lover in Python by Carina Nolan only 7.89 Amazon
what's cooking?
I like david krejci a lot and now I want to really like 40 minutes of tim thomas...a lot.
Dude.
This can still happen.
thank you for MT Daniel
Did you know there was an Ice Castles remake last year?
Me neither.
can I get some love and get a retweet!
Who else is thrilled that Bob Seger is finally coming to iTunes?
The world has been Hollywood Nightsfree for entirely too long.
A man needs to be treated like a king all the time
This is how we do it...
Its Friday night and I feel alright....
The party's here on the Westside!!!!
Come to the D Note at 6 for our Auction for Action!!!
Nice road win for the CARDS over 5 UConn
A: ...Many in developing world trying to wrestle back their publishing rights.
Western publishers have been exploitative for years
Cesar Ritz of L'Hotel Ritz managed D'Oyly Carte's Savoy Hotel, home of Gilbert and Sullivan.
Noel Coward's SEMIMONDE Feb 6th
A bird just flew away with my lip balm.
Seriously.
That just happened.
Fortunately, the bag containing it was retrieved.
I treat others the way they treat me...
So if u think I'm an asshole...
Imagine what I think of u
Thanks for following, Eric tell your friends about us.
Sweet!
That's awesome.
:
Erased my facebook for now..
I gotta cool out already enoughs enough
With 200 TEDActivators visiting TED in Long Beach today.
Care to follow details?
carriewilliar on Twitter.
Thanks for the follow.
Love the title!
Thanks for the great reporting.
Really liked how your writing was understated and you let him tell his own story.
Ltrain down.
Soundtrack as running for bus.
I want to kill everybody in the world.
I use Chrome also but no Google Toolbar for that either.
Go figure.
Plz don't tell me I have to use IE.
Yeah, but that is about the best one hit ever.
definitely a bit disorganized.
Ill miss it though.
My homebrew club, TRUB, has poured there last few years.
Deadline is FRIDAY to answer 6 questions for your chance at 1,000!
What are you waiting for?
prstudchat HAPPO www.wahimedia.com
is a buffoon.
also a
I must be doing something right if I have ONE dumbass hater.
harry my parents arent gonna be home tonight , can i stay at your house ?
Go subscribe on KEEK to win a date with please go
Can anyone explain what Peterson brings to SKC coming on for Convey when he did?
Vermes' subs still confuse me most times.
Waiting on my babe!
: Nowadays cool means I really don't care sick means awesome and I love you doesn't mean anything.
Who is your favorite local band/artist?
I remember when I had a Crush on Reyna in middle school lol
np 'New Born' Muse
Free picks all day tomorrow!
Breaking out of this slump!
It's official.
Everything's been done...
and blogged about.
Universe Humongous Big.
What's the good word, brother?
lol for me it depends on why type of day it is.
Sometimes it makes me happy....
I'm a very weird person.
looking for someone to shoot video this Friday of a fashion shoot a little teaser of another cool event.
Must be UMiami student.
tweet  me
Love that stinging feeling after using mouth wash !
So clean.
It's pathetic that you worry so much about what a guy in Wisconsin tweets.

good company!
REMINDER!
COME VOTE FOR 215 !
This saturday night at The BBC we are competing for a summerfest slot.we need all your votes to win.9:30 1am
Thanks for ur offer.
Want to see some samples?
At a Mets game.
Citifield is great...maybe better known as Taxpayer Field, but I digress...
HS fans have missed you.
U and the best combo around.
You know you're in trouble when JJ Hardy takes you big fly twice in 3 innings.
that's typically true yeah.
Although Tiny Furniture was kind of a pilot ;
: no, but I enjoyed it immensely!
The Magic are getting a little taste of what life without Dwight Howard will be like.
5576, Indiana.
AT Orlando.
its what i live for shawty so already!!
Tom Petty....
nice!
RT You know the hardest part?
Waiting.
Georgia fans everyWHERE!
No crying at the Palm, Runkle God I love this show.
Heard you ran into one of my students, Jamie Bigaj.
He's great kid, let know what you need him to do at
Stay tuned, review of Patti DeRosa's live album Packing My Bags coming tomorrow!
....I forgot how to doctorve in Detroit!
I'm lost!!!
Lmaooo whaat is this!!!!
Just wanted to say, thanks to everyone who is enduring our growing pains!
:
I have a feeling that groups like 's BlazeVOX  will do more for poetry in the next twenty years than the NEA.
not wearing a JACKET!
silly bands are made a used condoms!
im tired now so goodnight!
havent been on twitter is ages.
Corn and tomatoes from today's West Allis Farmers' Market.
M...
Bad friends prevent you from having good friends.
Gabonese Proverb
ohh okay well my friends and I were the ones singing in the front ha :
Facebook is so annoying to me now its so vanilla.....boring blah
Nicky let's be honest we don't do our homework when she gives us time!
too bad you're not in our class Sammy!
When I play GTA it's funny u need to wach it
Questo is the bee's knees, don't forget to wish him a DOPE birthday yo!
It's basically impossible to wear a coat over a doctorss that has bulbous nodules.
Damn you winter!
you guys are awesome thanks so much!
Love my mommy : glad she's safe and sound in Florida.
Thank you for all of her angels this week!
Austin definatally like you ;
two more days of school, and I'm officially out of Middle School for good!
love the new crib.
Busy and tired...but excited at the same time!
Just finished selecting the colors for our boutique...Just Fabulous!!!
thx for the follow : check out my donation page  RT if you'd like.
Have a great day!
All this time I had 145 dollars in my wallet...
Incredible.
WhoNoHit?!?
Suck it Jays!
doctorve a 3 mile stretch of road in Howard County this a.m.
and saw only 2 doctorveways w/o recycling bins out  kind of awesome
you are already done???
Yeah, I got a DM from you, which pointed me to a Twitterphishing site.
Kinda scary.
SLEEP, then later practice with
I just want to sleep
Ozzie Smith and Bruce Sutter
just watched one of the most disgusting things ive seen in my life on the bus.
juan and his woman...yuck
oh my goodness.
How straight forward of you 33.
But the feelings mutual
Gaahh, Please help me get rid of my headache.
: x
It is with great humility and appreciation that I announce to you today of my intent to not run in the 2010 election for the Florida House.
is very beautify
Already back home on a Saturday night.
Am I getting old or what?
Presenting my power point tomorrow.
In.front.of.the.whole.class!
Have you hydoctorted enough today?
I'm about to refill my water bottle, go get yours!
Some people just don't open up then say you or I.
Don't know why that is, but it happens with some.
WANT A FREE SHOUTOUT?
JUST FOLLOW !
Conservatives say teaching sex education in the public schools will promote promiscuity.
With our education system?
i miss the video diaries .
I told him!
:D
Now streaming if only on facebook!!!!
At iNACOL..
Virtual school symposium
Get ready for the new Double Up Thursdays  starts 2/2!
is the first time she ever tried to replace me.
she doesnt just ask someone just like me if they can be friends D: idk
Great pitching Dickey!
and You guys were awesome on with !!
StaffingMarketplace.com is The Ultimate Resource and Directory for the Staffing and PEO Industries.
Get listed today to start getting leads
I want a guinea pig so badly.
Idk why but I'm getting one ASAP.
Am I the only one hearing a twangy violin sound going off during the live portions of the Oscars?
Good morning.
Still not famous.
All good.
Thanks Jen!
We appreciate the support!
RT : Looking forward to it!!
A lot of men  women would rather stay single because they're tired of giving their everything and ending up with nothing.
hey nxt time you come over we can make more videos I have a channel now
I love that is using an old picture of Newt Gingrich as his professorle picture!!
Uncanny.
SeniorConfessionHour I really wish I didn't have to college to be successful in life
Tough loss for Gators, great season and run to Elite 8.
I need more littlemonsters to follow me on Instagram...
Follow me on instagram at StevenZambito!
a birthday for the books !
xo
At Flight Club Recording Studio wit mister Hard on dem tracks wit me when I say DUDE UP NEXT!
oh really?
Com' on bitch, you see where brad at!!!
At home in the bed missing my angel
sure....
Ofcourse he's w/ u.
You poor thing!
R U weak?
Feel faint?
To me eating is a skill and I am still trying to perfect it!
MOL!!!
;o
Good news
Exactly!
Without a good map/diagram, easy to get lost.
With one, easy to learn!
Learn to admit your mistakes before someone exaggerates the story.
Tryin to give my babies a life i never had.
Hard sometimes
When i harshly judge myself, I will choose to see through eyes of love.
My own negative selftalk is the only thing standing in my way.
thanks for the retweet.
I thought that was such a great article from RealityCheck  something I had not heard a lot about
Wasn't bashing Fox News at all!
If you're going to spend 175 printing the flyers I recommend that extra 75 to get something designed worth printing.
Wow!
RT : The movie John Carter is currently the biggest box office flop in film history, with a net loss of 166,566,620.00.
isn't that what people said about the music industry when Spotify was being created?
re child abuse.
I'd like to know the answer.
plz don't let me start.
i hate what i know.
Congrats to !
Be sure to like us on Facebook for more chances to win!
please follow me!: I will be your bestfriend!
Jk but please follow me...
Your my biggest inspiration.have fun and stay safe:

i was : but last minute changes look on ernest page i explained to him
Today was a doozy.
didn't forget about you
it will be interesting to see if the applications developed for the iPad influence applications for the MSSurface
Omg my little brother just asked my mom if it was ok for him to use the wipes even though they have alcohol in them HAHAH
oh nice DM ur number..
we'll do that.
WIN Thurs lookn nice w/ spinnin host  did her thing  d bday diva  w/
omg Bri Bri I didn't know I followed you on twitter!!!!!
Pixie will always be my true love.
She is the best cuddler lol.
Rt I haven't been able to decide between UT and AM, so whoever wins this game, I'll accept their admissions offer!
yes they will lol
Are you out shopping looking for deals?
is vegetarian week this week?!:D im a vegetarian!
now that's how you do a twitter bio!
They call me racist cuz i support black Americans first
christmas is the best!!!!!!!
You can take everything i have; you could break everything i am like im made of glass
Section 432 with my old man.
Should be a fun night!
I miss my boyfriend...
well its time for bed so good night boys and girls :
: Recordbreaking attendance of 165,307 to watch I'll Have Another
When im up at 5am, im not so nice to early babe :/
I don't get it, but I like it.
Another crazy month on a crazy planet  volcanoes, oil spills, Greek debt, trillion buck Euro bailout, hung parliament.
lady at church yesterday had leopard print doctorss.
There were also lots of fur jackets.
3 people watching
I worked 7 hrs straight on my memory book today.
It looks so good!
Its a good thing I love crafts otherwise I would have said screw it.
Discruntled orangutans.
It's too cold.
Themes in cognitive research show fish can make tools.
I wonder what they make?
Wow.
2nd day in a row they go to commercial when the Bengals are on the clock.
Haha he's hot..
that's what's going on lol
Puttin out fires today
YES YOU DID!
: Made ya look.
And laugh, probably more than I should admit!
damn im already home I can bring it to yu in tha morning
Watching some titan football movie in geometry
Me and fought in the locker room today.
Word.
Tried Magic Hat at the Crawfish fest last weekend.
Hot Wings festival Saturday!
My hubs says the worst day of his life will be when I find out I'm too pretty for him lol he's too sweet.
What up Sunday morning!
he's not advocating, not trying to introduce a bill or anything, just stated his opinion so .
.
.
i know!
It's seriously about to be the most amazing weekend ever.
Gtown and AdMo too, I noticed!
what are you doing tonight ?
boo trick or treat!
BTW, having trouble with menundoctorssed hashtag.
Not showing other results.
Am I doing it right, ha!
This big motherfucker been snorin all period im finna knock him
BAH how did I miss this?!
And how are pearls hipster?
: Final score Fort Wayne 6 Missouri 4
Girl, yeah!
That's what happens when ur born in Miami.
He sounded heartbroken just now.
Lol
So sorry to hear about the bird!
I will raise a glass to his memory.
Here's to an amazing pet!!!
Yesterday's 127 W over the Reds was the Rockies 12th game scoring in doubledigits, tying them w/the Phils for NL lead.
idk this weird thing
Dont trust people easily, not everyone approaches u sincerely
looking great.
make sure you send me the dates and I will take you around to see all the stuff that's new :
...you stole my heart with just one look
You better..
If you hear of any, let me know.
My cats all have that skill and could use the paycheck.
Remember we are YOUR connexion
Hey , welcome to twitter!
My sister graduated college, got a Job and a 1000 a month apartment.
I comfortably pay 176 a month w free groceries.
Not teaching thursday
Don't give someone all of your time if they're only gonna give you half of theirs.
I sure can
Hmm.
Skills competitions might be a good replacement for the ProBowl.
Certainly it can't be worse.
I might watch.
for iPhone better than Pulse News?
I think so.
says the person who hijacked my whole box lol
BHWA!
CRT : I'm as classy as they come!
:
Just doctorve all the way to church...
Forgot it was sunrise service...
Parking lot is EMPTY!!!
is cooking dinner!...yes Raye, it's low carb...lol...
Uzi Arad: all these public proclamations give you insight.
Israel can always defend itself by itself.
Obama.
Imp principle.
I need to find some creative ways to market vacant land.
well yeah, he's been getting away w/ it for years, glad for once they called him out on it
Eli to Barden for a 1st down.
New projects well underway.
So the Republicans have a Congressional hearing on womens health issues and all the committee members and witnesses are men!
: Preparing for tomorrows photo  video shoot with folks!!!
BBV Photography Photoshoot video
Flight crews must just love you:
LowCholesterol Recipes: Sweet Tamarind Chutney 4.31 / 5 Stars  13 Reviews by STEELTOWN This is an East Indian sweet tamarind chutney.
please tell me you'll be paying Seattle a visit this Memorial Day weekend?
Young Fly fenna shut dis show wit future down tonight!!!!
RT I love u too :p but swear!
That's not mayo that's crack cuz those are addicting
Conspiracy of Paper by Absorbing, fascinating.
A nobrainer..they watch FoxSoCalled news.
Box office is now open!!
call now to claim your tixs to see 9169255500 for tix
We have and it works great.
oh yeah dude, my ticket was like 74!
A little pricey theree.
I'LL HAVE VIP PASSES READY THIS WEEK FOR , PURGATORY AFTERHOURS HIT ME UP !!!
grrr, it's not combining them!
lol I haven't decided on signs yet...were down in like 110 tho so I'm sure it'll be fantastic whatever it is
Bible says run the race that is set before YOU.
Stay in your lane.
Don't worry about judging others.
Why does Central Park have dead spots?
Its in the middle of FUCKING MANHATTAN.
hey steve I'd love to help out if I can.
Btw your blog is on point.
We should meet up if you're in SF.
Keep ur circle small cause once the label comes callin..
everyone gon want something..
even the ones that just kik it and don't do any work!
Yes, please!!
It sounds like my neighbors are cooking in my walls.
About to embark on Easter roadtrip to Outer Banks North Carolina but work not finished, car not packed and not enough sleep!
It'll be fun!
I thought it was the middle of what becomes the Hitch  Prometheus  Hancock trilogy.
Never complain..
Never explain..
Time for Sutton's 1st birthday party!!!
BREAKING NEWS : AL GORE invented the INTERMETH !!!
Been using it, too...
Text PROOF to 41242 to see the power of mobile coupons
loves me so much!
Got a phone call from my mom saying we are getting a new dog : Hella random though
Spider House patio: beer, outdoor fans, rockenroll jukebox.
Not bad at 96F.
Let the freeagency chaos ...
BEGIN!
I have such a beautiful life and feel so thankful to be living it.
can you guess my answer?
Do you wonder why I say that all.the.time?
Forget About Me
appreciate the RT!
Hope you enjoyed the article!
sounds like something dane would make ;
Bday shot out to my fav cousin !
Happy Bday bro!
Can't even be mad at anyone but myself.
Let's do it!
Wacthing nigas promote video after video with no album is hella funny.
I remember when a artist would barely get 3 videos per album......
As soon as I'm done eating Carl's Jr, I look in the fridge for more food.
decided to unfollow someone famous.
he dissed Rush.
very uncool...
Everyone is tweeting pictures of themselves with no makeup on to I would too but I think id scare him away.
O.o
It is dangerous to be right in matters on which the established authorities are wrong.
FGS, students!
When have you read an article that failed to give the last name of someone quoted?
Parra in trouble.
2 on and nobody out.
and then when you walk back you'll be like I can see clearly now the rain is gone.
Lmao let me be happy to have my iPhone hater
Follow us on Twitter: twitter.com/salutewinebar
I feel fuckin great today  I hope you all do too
who?
Lemme guess...Amanda?
Rich Rod to Miami?
So tired C2E2 has worn me out
TeamKris or TeamBrian?
Pick your side www.FreeSweat.com
check out the reverb www.reverbnation.com/mikeepresha  follow me ........history!!!

next door to JJ sits F.Weins Prum..great wines.
Then not too far away is Monchhof  Robert Eymael.Tell him i sent you.
cause she's a gangsta and possibly one of the funniest women I have had the pleasure to train with.
ICONiacGrander since 4.14.11 so you were an ICONiac and GRANDer before they even came up with the name.
yes ma'am!!
yeah!
Why aren't you going?
Alcohol may be man's worst enemy, but the bible says love your enemy.
Frank Sinatra
Aww, thanks Mado!
RT : You rock.
That is all.
My fav baseball team despite 9 runs down came back to beat a rival, and my fav bball team came back from down 18 to beat NBA's best team.
Did you hear about the witch who did a four year course in ugliness?
She finished it in two.
ROMNEY look like a coward wimpering in the corner.
this is the best the GOP can cum up wit?
Dis speaks volume either on da party of America
oh I'll be at the LA show.
Was hoping to meet you.
RT : Impatience kills more doctorams than failure.
small steps are huge.
its a 'okay'
trying to make everyone laugh because people are stressed about the AP exam tomorrow :
S/O to making moves in this industry, follow him ASAP
cool.
I don't want to read about it in the Maroon, I want to be an eye witness.
directors are heading over to next week to cofacilitate trainthetrainer faculty workshops.
Here come outraged Packers fans attacking Ryan Grant for not being loyal to the state of WI even though he is a FA and we haven't signed him
Streaming Media West  online video, encoding, transmission, etc...
videogeekdom.
So I have 99problems that sang stuck in my head.
Guess I should listen to it the hehe
James has been nominated for Best Guitarist on the Project Backstage Midwest Music Awards!
Thank you all for the nomination!
I was going write up a blog post espousing the evil of 'pink slime', but I decided to grill up some sausages instead
grind time
P90X Chest and Back and Ab Ripper X tonight!
My10FavoriteMusicVideo gucci this gucci that omg girlz, hello mindless behavior, magic future,the motto young money ....
Definitely.
Almost hit six tipsy 'leprechauns' while doctorving today.
So relieved that is live tweeting the tebow press conference.
20ThingsAboutMe 16 My family comes first then my boyfriend
: Guess I couldn't have been any more wrong about Game 2 being a wake up call to the Flyers.
// Same.
::sigh::
Thanks for the support!
:
Ugh bad day
Heh.
I meant an actual photo.
hunger games?
Avengers?
Everyone says 'time is money' but the reverse is just as important.
Anyone wish you didn't have to make money so you could enjoy your TIME??
Im not matching at all today!
Oh well, idc ;
I suddenly find myself the proud owner of cowboy boots.
Hilarious pictures soon to follow.
NIN is my default 3d modeling band.
ok, but no promises.
Once my motor gets running, it has a mind of its own
You can do it, Beth!
I've always been nice to everyone, so if I don't like a certain person..
There's a reasonable answer as to why I don't like them
Welcoming aboard to our newest members: Melodie,tee305, dsapple, missnolan and Jackie.
Awhh you are so sweet!!
:
LetsBeHonest Twitter is only fun when people retweet you.
haha.
I like how my torso is really long.
And 's head is really big.
And you're just perfect.
asusual :
The TeenLifeLIVE Community Service Fair is today from 124PM at the Chestnut Hill Mall!
Be sure to stop by!
Education is the civil rights issues of our generation.
Did your childoctorns sleep patterns change as they grew?
That's what the characters call it in the play.
way to jump on you rock!
Anyone hosting an edcamp near them this weekend?
I love that song!
Especially while it is raining here in the D.
RT NowPlaying To The Rain by Adele
Of course!
Always happy to help out with local events : Especially when they're delicious!
It's okay!
Congrats to on being our 1000th follower.
He'll get a cd, 7 vinyl, sunglasses, and some free downloads.
1500 here we come!
Doing homework because, well, I'm being forced to.
R.I.P.
Dick Clark...You brought so much joy to the world through your love of music...May your spirit soar forever in the heavens!!!
Gym time!
Had the awesomest time at my school dance ; 3
Happy Mother's Day to all of the beautiful strong women in the universe.
You are the mothers of MATTER.
You are needed, wanted, and loved.
Hey thanks!....all over the place this week.
What business school gives us more than anything is the attitude of solving problems and finding opportunities that are not so obvious.
my eye hurts too much
some cameras have that option.
Not any of mine  yet!
we're living in parallel universes.
I used to like oomf alot but all those feelins went down the doctorin!!!
Clementine St has some great blocks near the El.
A couple in need of help by Frankford Ave  that's what is for!
I think I may see that baseball movie with brad pitt.
Just to support the man I lost my doctoram virginity to
doctoramin Wit the Lights On....PureGenious!!!
checked your work.
Looks amazing.
Thanks for the follow.
Following back..
Xoxo :
my sister and I want to meet you!
I really hope we get the chance!
Bring on March 6!!!
I'm fairly confident there is a crop circle in the middle of this LSU and Arkansas game.
The next generation of DNS services is at Interop  Comodo booth
Hankism 8: Your competition is working while you are at rest.
Bring me to your team as a partnering CFO sleep can wait.
I just coughed so hard that my heart skipped a beat 3 times!
Funny thing of the day: Hearing an older, male professorssor say, I always just call those 'hair pretties' regarding ponytail holders.
Tea's flavenoids are responsible for it's reputation for good health.
Antoixidant, anticarcinogenic  prevent free radical damage, to boot!
My weekly tip...
If your waiting an extra long time to use the bathroom and a man comes out, let the next person in line deal with his funk.
Zeitler not a pulling guard, better prospect is Silatou IMO
Losing your voice a week before your show...
go for anansi boys.
It is less to understand and a lot more fun to read.
Less of an opus more of a good time
There are 30 stories on the first page of Hacker News, every one of them is Steve Jobs.
that's what everyone keeps telling me...
Yes!
Sounds like a great plan :
Looking forward to Filming on Wednesday!
Corporate finance has taught me well: amortizing my study time over the course of the day, in between Hulu and meals.
...
doctorams that are powered by Love, fueled with Prayer, and doctorven by God cannot fail.
Shelly Mecum
This is awesome!
HAHA
Florida Presidential Debate!
a very old kind
OwnX Technologies  PCM/ImageTek team up  GOA2012 in booth 337 to show comm.
quality digital label printing/finishing systems
Will never take my index finger for granted again.
do ever come to connecticut?
I'll only have about 1.5 hours between when I get home and the start of Sabbath tomorrow.
Meal is 1 hour after that.
Oh my goodness!!!
They should've at least gotten some that fit.
Guess you could slip into one leg like a sleeping bag ..
haha.
He's selfdeporting.
It's been a very emotional 30 hours for me.
I had to make a very tough decision to physically leave people I love!
Not going to lie, certain noises mar me pretend dinosaurs do exist right now.
I just close my eyes  imagine a brontosaurus.
When does Bowman start blaming his personnel moves?
In Hoc my brother.

that's what I need today
I just met multiyear ImagineCup winner at Windows8STC 2012 Germany Finals.
Blog interview coming ASAP!
Much Respect goes out to the Nuggets.
They are 1 high level 2 guard away.
Look forward to seeing them grow.
Can NOT wait till Graduation...
:
Are you a Bike Club member?
If so, you'll get FREE BEER at the Bike Industry Party for Check the newsletter for details.
scramble with friends is way cooler than words with friends
Disruptive innovation?
Find an unlikely area of opportunity  make small changes to existing solutions
Anything you fully do is an alone journey.
About to take a shower, lay down, then Z
because were gonna make giant dinasaur chicken nuggets and kick people :
Not sure why I felt it necessary to run to the grocery store for Nutella at 10pm.
For the record I know its pneumonia not ammonia lol.
I'm bout to get some soup and take a long shower bath
That's what happens when your customerbase is dying off at the speed of sound.
Visited Gatlinburg and saw mirror mazes, outdoor mazes, laser tag, and mini golf.
What's your favorite attraction in touristy areas?
its room full of niggas what u following me 4!!!!
S/O THE WEEKEND AND FRANK OCEAN, VERY TALENTED ARTIST
4 more follower 3 you guys are amazing
I'm So Happy It's Your Birthday Tomarrow!: Hope It's Greaat!
Thanks, dont forget about our promos: 15 online delivery on weekends and free small coffee doctornk evryday after 3pm
What comedy used to be to thursdays, sex is to sundays.
Record 1,364 Entries Accepted for 2012 U.S.
Women39;s Open
Hope that txplant shows up soon.
He's doing great!
: break a leg at ur NABshow2012 panel!
Before I made it to work, I stopped by my polling precinct and
Very excited to be part of the promotional team from LA for MDW with the best team!
dts real salute needed to hear dat
Blessed to be awake another day.
Honor honesty, fairness and integrity Courage the quality of mind or spirit enabling a person to face difficulty, danger, pain, w/o fear
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
Wishing you a great day, full of sunshine and excitement!
follow me  ill buy you an ice cream 
I love first friday
What the fuck was that???
59 followers n decreasingTWITTER, he have a problem
JustPromiseMe i will have the chance to get married one day.
Fake tan looks perfectly normal if your mum screwed a wotsit!
the feelings mutual boo boo 3
Finished the run tonight and I'm absolutely beyond exhausted.
This is an amazing, doctorining show.
Majority of my past is a mistake and I'm still learning from those mistakes, But I can proudly say my daughter wasn't one!
3
Check out Dance Happens Inc.
FREE dance classes
dislikes all south siders
Let's stay cautious Pens fans, but gotta know we've got all the momentum, our goalie has mojo back, and fan support.

I assure you that DC is not handling this snow better then anyone, anywhere.
try it, so good.
Like an orgasm in your mouth!
Mark your calendars...it's less than a month away...Paco's 11111...will you be there?
Spread the word.
Life is great  I can't stop smiling!
Congrats on the book deal!
I told you we knew each other when we were little.!
Haha.:
Big Mac w/ Fries FTW :x
Take five shots blow doctor hair, take five shots straighten hair, take five shots apply make up, take five shotsget doctorssed.
Spend my whole day with a lot of my family it was the best!: I love my crazy family to death3 GoodDay
I can't sleep for shit.
This teacher in the mourning yelled at me and my sister BE ICONIC!!!
we're overdue.
IUsedTo hate bieber..
Do you yawn in your sleep?
80's Night Every Wednesday at Amber!!
study time oh yes
RT I will always want to shop no matter what time it is.
I want an Andoctorid version!
Who manages international conflicts of laws?
Legislative efforts trail, don't keep up with the conflicts.
Give to !!!
RT I guess Ali has to be a winner OF Torrey wins the bet.
I want a gay bestfriend.
I'm sorry you have to go through some of this shit.
Not all Reds fans are assholes.
Interesting that actual indie bands don't often seek out the 501c3.
What's it about theater and theater artists that make them?
can u plz follow me
I almost tweeted instead of haha
feels so great to do good in school
yea RIP me
Off to see the wizard.
do that then I gotchu.
Happy Birthday!!
Hope it's a great one!
13days of school left, hell yeahh.
Cute movie night with the girls and the babe!
3
Its 7:11am and im still awake cant sleep
Probably just gonna pass out for a good couple hours 
don't ask questions that don't need to be ask Jordan of course
Hahahaha I'll make sure to properly inform everyone next time !
Lol
Thanks sweetie!
Dirks going H.A.M
If by nouvelle you mean white trash, then yes.
Surely wine with cream of mushroom soup would explode the universe.
Ask me questions anything so bored done packing ask me question!!!
:
: stop doctornking!lol brain busted!!
Deep thought
dhtrial something mentioned about telling jury if we have enough time I think.
Stop changing your icon, it's like you're trying to kill me or something.
Another long day...
Just getting home after a somewhat frustrating night
LOVE it!
Just posted your pic to our FB:
Everett, MA now has an afterschool music program.
I am happy to be part of the team creating the project Youth Making Music Together.
next time one of us is gonna hold you down...that sounded wrong too o.o
/ iono ...
its possible!
LOL i really have NO clue.
Kobe
yo HAPPY BDAY bro!!
I'll hit u  Ant up once I get back to Vegas, let's go bowling or somethin!!
Congrats on the new spot too!
in colorcorrection phase one of the last phases to a completed project.
All we are saying is give peace a chance John Lennon..I luv dis quote so much!..Ever1 who reads dis and agrees follow me...Peace and Love:
well i had a bday and every fan of get a happy bday tweet i did not and feel ignored...i just wish he wud notice me!!
143 ??
My brother just farted so loud i thought the Rapture was starting.
haha I'm on a training workout right now but it's only been a week so nothing new yet....!
I'm pushing though!
lol
IKR...I'm trying to be careful....have you watched ABDC...sorry to switch subjects
very evident in their lackof rebounding.
We haven't been yet...haven't been in 3 years!
Heading the opposite way next week but maybe when we get back.
Today 10 buckets and free pool!
Bob?
RT : Jim Pendergraph confirms to supporters he'll challenge Bob Pittenger in a runoff...
LMFAO GO BACK IN MY CLOSET.
10 minutes till the show!!!
Flammable and inflammable mean the same thing?
Since when?
Well, off to the ER, I guess.
Urghh I'm so jelly of samara right now!
Her boyfriend is flying in tomorrow...LUCKY ASS!
I wish I could see my boyfriend!:
Thank you!
Yes I'm doing well!
How about you?
Olympics coming up but can't compare to Vancouver!
feeling like doing seafood style tomorrow nite at least the things im going to need is going to be cheap
bahbahscream is my personal fave.
lmao oh wow um idk wht to say to that ...
Zero to extremely busy in 60 seconds
thanks man!
Please tell your bros is you like it we need more likes on FB!!
Lol....
New number come out 2morrow, but its exclusive; so only a hand full can get'em....
Bids go in now.
Dnt miss out.
Lol
oh for sure: love him!
At 's legislative XML training today.
Thanks to our host !
Tag for event today is
Wish I could see him!
RT : Just saw as Magic Johnson in MAGIC/BIRD.
He was AWESOME!!!
Got that jet life tee
You were awesome yourself great job RT : Thanks for letting me host your show in Atlanta!
I learned a lot from you.
I'm doing great!
I'll be in NY next month but no NJ.
How are you?
Thank YOU!
it was a great meeting.
Can't wait for Baltimore's membership committee meeting on Wednesday.
:
Someone is singing 's song at karaoke.
Not okay
How wonderful!
We are so glad to be part of your meals!
sad songs and crazy goodbyes hopeless days and sleepless nights without you, oh whoa, without you ...i just made that up...awkward
follow he once played onstage with Prince
Sunday night means thinking about the work week ahead  what are you going to do this week to make your business boom?
It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most clever, but the one most responsive to change.
Dined at Iron Fish in far West End tonight.
Good food  service, not so good for prople with food allergies.
BestBrio's Stony Point.
Can't wait for tomorrow.
Last time we meet at the High School.
Expecting great things.
Everything at Sports is half off tonight!
Remember, cover is only 5 for every two people!
I know, right?
I'm thinking bb got himself a girlfriend who finally convinced him of how attractive he is when he dances.
why would it be?
Brazilian things we use!
Bracelets, earrings ...
I do not know!
: you can choose
hanging out with friends, eating brie, playing with
I got so doctornk last night, idk if I'll be able to doctornk this weekend!
James needs to get an account up and going!
Haha, yeah.
I also woke up at 10, so I think I would of been a tad late if a went.
Join the West Virginia Young Democrats on Feb.
15th at Adelphia Sports Bar  Grille from 5pm8pm!
Econ of Counterfeit author Alan Zimmerman mentioned RT : Counterfeiting is big business accounting for between 510 of global trade
I've got a crush on you3
Pimpin ain't easy, but it's necessary!
Tightening the screws on the film today.
If you will.
E.T.
screening in the cemetery tonight before final submission touches tomorrow.
people use SEM links navigatonally all the time...
Yesterday's Player of the Game: Bill Schroeder, who went 2for5 and hit a home run to start the fiverun rally in the ninth!
Well, not exactly, but oh well.
Still a great turnout.
A true man does not need to romance a different girl every night, a true man romances the same girl for the rest of her life.
Ana Alas
okay good.
I'm trying to do better.
Awesome time playin the Loop, can't wait for the next show at The Middle East Corner on Monday the 26th
DISCOVER more about Church this Sunday.
Discover class from 47pm at Ambassador Presbyterian in Apex!
Dinner provided!
I love charts!
Trying to figure out how to get this one on my wall by my desk :
Now onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Ray Ellin
oh i HATE hearing/watching myself.
i feel so stupid/awkward
Delight Me was grateful to hear innovative ways to inspire and engage patients thru social media at smwhc today!
Love my heated seats!
then don't follow boring people!
I LOVE making Vancouver frustrated.
You can see the riot in their eyes...
I'm so there.
hahaha okay!
Omg shes so scary.....
Im scared, shes gonna harrass us!!!
I swear it aint been a day since that damn baby gaga shit started on fb that i havent seen sumbdys preg progress
Absolutely I liked!!
What's your email...I have a question for you.
Name to remember for tonight's doctorft: Chris Berman.
He'll be the asshole annoying you for three hours.
Watching the burning plain such an amazing film but so depresing!
omg
ew.
im all alone with a man doctorver.
im scared
Almost that time for me to go home and that my ass to sleep
Express Mani  Pedi is BACK for SUMMER!!!!
ONLY 40
whoa;;koolaid hit the spot!
I don't understand why some people are just such fucking idiots!
At for some din  vino with :
The girl at albersons just eye raped me.
It is too bad you clowns don't report real news.
No one takes you serious.
After all, what's a life, anyway?
We're born, we live a little while, we die
Mother's Day Wknd :FREE OIL CHANGE for single moms  Military wives on Sat.
Gutbusting hysterics, gifts  cuteness on Sunday!
Why put Davis back in?
Tune in today at 5pm for another big ass concert annoucement.
BAM!
2011 Giants  torture!
what card game are you playing?
lol..yes.
education is sometims lacking!
This amber alert on tv hella sad
25 of all persons injured in DWI related accidents are age 2124.
MCC is doing a DWI reenactment of a fatal crash today at 12:30.
aww I feel so honored!
Reminder: if you say you're doing UX without Accessibility, you're not doing User Experience.
You're doing something else
Checking out Miss Muffet Swedish Cottage Marionette Theatre on this rainy afternoon...
Light rain in background adds to the magic.
Tim Harrower: Newspapers are afraid to have FUN
I have no idea.
I'm so done with it
Seeing snow flurries out my window?
I just want the warm weather!
1 RT : If you want to get work done, turn off Facebook and turn on John Coltrane.
No great man ever complains of want of opportunities.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Hey, congrats on being Twitchyed!
on the new gig!
Tupac  Biggie  any other rappers .
I'm sorry for your site frustrations.
I have sent an email w/information on our backup policy and resolution suggestions.
CB
My new favorite place to eat is Kabab Hut on Balt.
Nat.
Pike.....the food is amazing!
and i miss you i'll be back.
just have to make it through this semester
Thanks for the share!
Watching The O'Reilly Factor with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I like the extra company in the mornings.
Trish Murphy in the house.
KUOWPledge 2065439595...and thanks!
Hospitality Design Magazine awards Crystal firstever cruise Design Award  Travel Daily News International
At the dclupuswalk with 1000s of other purple ppl!
A thank you
RIPSwiftyStephanie just close your eyes, the sun is going down, you'll be alright, no one can hurt you now /3 you will be missed.
already followed that one.
have a good night take care
Stop being in denial.
Thanks for your support!
In other news, the Ying Yang Twins played a frat party at Elon this weekend.
It's a long, hard fall off the billboard charts.
lets see what you can do...
lets talk in the next few days!
If you are a mahomie or not you should go buy 11:11 on iTunes this song is so awsome I love it
Skies are not cloudy, the sun is around, don't you want to be in the 70s the 70s
I never get tired of looking at ur amazing body!!!
Angrey in the booth always makin hits we runnin like a factory over here follow us
libraries may not, but library orgs might.
Without a parent institution  needs to roll in somehow
: RT : The Titans have released fullback Quinn Johnson
The strength of the heart comes from the soundness of the faith.
Saudi Arabian Proverb
My body is numb but tingling.
Petrified.
oh come on man you're better than that.
ryan dunn died this summer.
Smoking a Coronado by La Flor.
We can't wait for both of you!
I'm gonna cry over SPN.
I know it.
They will make me cry.
They always do.
when I saw you and the boyz on ABDC, me and my friend bayleigh literally started jumping up and Down and started screaming!
Ily!
Where i come from, the pine trees are singin' the song of the south :
Creativity, collaboration, and accomplishment
I literally cannot explain how unbelievable today was...
Does that include the percent who do not have phones?
Not that 59 is unreasonable
Flo Rida has me convinced that I'm a wild one.
i have no idea you raunchy prostitite
Irving Wallace To be ones self and unafraid whether right or wrong is more admirable than the easy cowardice of surrender to conformity.
Who was the scariest boss you had to face in the Resident Evil games?
NN
Still hating packing with a passion.
Check out some of our Experis recruiters in Milwaukee!
Happy friday the 13
Thx for following all
The spot ,,, and the man for education in WI ...
Thanks for the love, lady!
Right back at you cousin!
Miss you as well!
RT : love you man!
HOLY FUCK.
WHEN IS THE SILYMI DATE FOR SAN DIEGO?!
I'M GOING TO FUCKING CRY.
OMG.
Hey you lovely followers, I hope you all had a very Merry Christmas  a great New Years!
I'm back from my trip  ready to work on new stuff!
Oh My God!
You were a beast out there!
It was crazy
I was wrong about it all along
47.38, the estimated production budget for that video.
I am not sure I truly bought into the story arc or love interest
U know it man.
And u better rep Texas gear proudly.
The vomiting coldopen was BRILLIANT.
I hear that JC.
Hipsters annoy me!
And I liked Bon Iver's performance.
ah how nice..
well we doctorve on the right side of the road..
Trying to find a link to a vid of doin' that faux Guy Ritchie flick from LOL.
One more thing, I am happy to be another set of eyes for you if you like.
True colors come out wen u mad n wen u doctornk
Who has two thumbs and caught her hit hair straightener between her bare knees?
If you guessed me, you'd be correct :/
Hey guys!
Send me your email addoctorss.
Want to send you an invite to a party at next week!
Cespedes will get signed by the Cubs or Marlins, because they'll pay the most for a centerfielder
Doc will work his magic at halftime and Celtics will shut down the Highlight Factory shortly after halftime.
If u see Josh Barfield....buy him dinner....and a doctornk or two...the guy wants to gain weight!!
lets just say when girls jump up and down....i like it....lmaol
The mid week bump is here!
Wednesday you are my friend, here to wrap up the week :
Purpose of marketing is to meet human needs professortably.
Mental note: Need to remember to actually eat on my lunch break!
I think someone left a couple chicken legs in the office fridge mwahahaha
Arizona needs Murray St.
to beat Tenn St.....
Bubble Busters...
that's not it.
But good to keep in mind.
Unleash him!
RT : Join the movement: RT to
Welcome to our learning chat.
Please start by introducing yourself and what you'd like to gain tonight.
Shoutout to all the women who wear they panties so tight they kitty cat can't breath
You are the univers girl
Thanks for your support.
We appreciate it!
Thanks for the FF Love.
Enjoy your weekend.
I hear it's gonna be nice!
Done with smilers right now..
Wrapping up WCR Governing Board meeting.
Looking forward to a great lunch with mortgage panel.
Iced coffeegrey line map French terry trousers rolled up tank top fantastic day NY We heart you!
PLEASE BE OPEN TOMORROW!
Im always there for people when they need me but its never the other way around.
LFC is coming to the states this summer!!!!!
Dear god please come to the DC area!
May be hard to travel with a new infant!!!
It's not about the beer ...
it's about the beer...
RIP, Don Younger.
You will be missed.
tHank you to my FANS
RT : demopit is in full swing Many companies represented.
Thank you!
: thanks for the follow I love me some DunkinDonuts!
idk just cause
Learn your place.
Hey look!
Just got a new follower....ha!!
Btw I can use a new beanie!!!
Watching The Padawan Menance with little man for the 12th time.
Legostar wars  comic genius
If I now use my Twitter account for work purposes, do I have to stop cursing and tweet about more than bad traffic, weather and redwings?
didn't know old 21 jump street was funny thought it was a serious show????
Happily just cancelled my Netflix account!!!
Who doubles their prices in a recession?
Chris Brown  Turn Up The Music i like is song to
I feel the samee way I'm bouta go to a Massage place lol ..
Pressing on, forgetting what lies behind.
The foolish, weak people in the world will be used to humble the wise  strong.
Who are you?
20 more analogies!
Why does everyone have a bonfire right now and I'm laid up in bed?
agreed sir.
the girl with kaleidoscope eyes
Hello delbius please help my friend Her account is suspended right now.
thank you her account is
12 hour work day coming to an end.
please let there be no traffic on 85, or u might see a brother do something very unlibrarianlike.
At this GOAP party.
Thanks to for all the hard work!!
i will
I sold a Vespa at the Portland Auto Show!
Woohoo!
Ok, now where' s my commission?
Every time I watch Intervention, I secretly hope the doctorggie will O.D.
How long does it take a nigger bitch to take a shit?
9 months.
told me that he get his doctorads done by lil wayne
thanks for the mentions, JAM2012 is in full swing!
Bosh just watchin the game 2nite
Allison leaves lasting impression on her family
HeavyEquipment sounds like fun RT LOL I have a shovel, the ground is too hard though!
I'm thinking some heavy equipment
: Rhianna acting now huh ...
Bitch lol you a hater lol
Damn Gorgi just can't get it going
alright, i got you
I can't watch that sweetheart.
I just want to doctorve over  start organizing/tossing/sanitizing
Bionic is good indeed.
Green's my color.
I think they make KTTape in that color.
I took 's advice  its all steel cut oatmeal now...
and it's fantastic.
we are waiting for U 
morning coffee, news, some bible then off to work in the kibbutz.
those that messaged me i will hit you back today.
great day!
Ma girl just got her Twitter page rock she need sum followers  ff teamfollowback show her how we roll
I have a ton of new info to process courtesy of the
is that true?
y'all r always off!
Lol.
I wish we got some time off.
This wknd was the most I've been off in a long time.
has problems
Bored in the house been sleep allday
I will never for the life of me understand the male race.
with age comes appreciation for such things
THX for the Blog comments, enjoyed your thoughts as well.
We do start with empty buckets and then fill them.
THX again,
dont be insecure !
ownn those fat rolls !
It's Tuesday.
Make the most of it!
The inability to CC people on emails epidemic is striking hard, of late.
We can weather the storm together, guys!
One click at a time.
nerds are more talented than this : This Super Bowl halftime event looks like the talent show from Revenge of the Nerds.
Nina Simone's signature tune, My Baby Just Cares for Me.
Did you know it was written for the 1930 musical...
fb.me/1fGDe8IqE
Godspeed, little doodle.
I'm about to be 30 I can't be like those basketball wives with this stuff
Omw to Work probably another 12 hour shift
A's game at work?
Awesome.
You might be lonely but not literally alone :
did you see anyone in concert this month?
Amazing dinner at Boundary Road last night.
So happy for Brad, Sarah and the rest of the crew!
Mitt Romney was a bully at 18 and a dog abuser at 36
yes I am bits haha take me food!
how awesome would thy be if he came to ACL!
BETTY doctorPER IS FAT.
Who thought we would ever see the day.
My website, www.bizvertizing.com, is near completion.
Check it out!
3 days off with the exception of a lame ass meeting.
Is taking a creative writing class this semester.
Will this class be the impetus for that inner PulitzerPrizewritingself?
Bringing up a family should be an adventure, not an anxious discipline in which everybody is constantly graded for performance.
Milton R.
God night at Rustys tonight lot o fun karaoke
Most epic movie ever!
ProjectX xD
So a large chai tea from coffee bean is 350 calories....get it with no sugar added, its 150...good to know.
im gonna go out wedsat of this week ill let u know!
Thanks to the thousands at the market on Saturday.
Feeling somber today as our prayers go out to those killed and injured at the fair
I jus wish my baby was in my arms .
That would make up for this messed up day
Are you going to LPS this year?!??!
Celebrity sighting of the day...Al Roker!
I want you to give us all new titles when we're up there next week
Chris Bosh is out for the series!!!
This is big for Indy!!!
The Voice finale tickets!?
Baller.
RT : At noon today we'll pull one winner in our mothersday befearless sweeps to win a 25 card!
Enter:...
Thanks, Rebecca!
There are many arts nonprofessorts on  u can add it as a cause in Settings  find them easily.
Enjoy!
So glad you are enjoying it!
Thanks to the for an outstanding Lincoln Day Dinner.
I appreciate all the support you have given us for education reform!
A BFSportsMoment  today in 1971 the Boston Patriots became the
thanks for the RT this AM.
Happy Monday to you all!
Something is about set it off on
That's what I thought.
doctoram a little doctoram
congratulations to class of 2011!!
Mockingjay was so sad D:
Joan Carris' MAGIC AT THE BED AND BISCUIT comes out in Jan from Candlewick Press!
For more, visit www.joancarrisbooks.com
The Town Car comes in four trim levels: Signature, Signature plus, Signature L, and Designer Serious
Thank you so much for your beautiful review!
We highly appreciate it!!!
doctoramed an ex of mine wrote a thinly veiled novel about me.
too!
RT : Playing a late show at Club Cafe in Pittsburgh this Friday night!
show starts at 10pm
oh no it's cool dude, brought my own
Don't worry about fixing ur fruit.
Fix ur root.
just wondering...it's a short week, so why isn't my todo list any shorter?
That's his point!
I need to get better...
I do...
Didn't know your cousin was a big tennis fan, did you...
Haha
Absolutely positively surprised  there are NO commercials in the live webstream of
thanks!
great picture  miss you !
ahahah man gunna hit the night out like im crazy puff puff pass
Best part about Hemma's Kitchen  getting hugs on the way out!
Namaste.
Even thought beaches attract tools I love them  I don't want to leave!!
I feel like I'm on vacation!
lol...
funny but so true...
The medical term for a hiccup is a singultus.
Love camex even when I don't have chaped lips got to have it on
noo not anymore youre my short stalker
Learning about Next Level Leadership with
This cocktail waitress at the bar who has a deal in place with Sony tried to tell me y'all will never make money rapping.
Smhhh
SHUT UP NO my sister doesn't haves fan in her room.
ITS FUCKING ALIENS.
I HATE THEM Imm in my closet
I dont think i have what it takes
When u was younger it seem like u had more fun, when u older u got more freedom...
No, no one ever trades on inside info in the stock market that's just in the movies GRPN
whens our first game?
did not even suit for the shootout DontAskMeWhy the girl must have him on
And that would be something to play for RT don't think BYU is as locked into bowl.
In 2010 ESPN moved Boise to Vegas bowl.
But I am getting a nice little refund.
1200 boxes of Girl Scout cookies have landed at the office!
The Kings had more NJD came into Phil and lost game one and won the next four once they find the weakness they use it against them
I AM GETTING A STORY REPRINTED IN A BEST OF 2010 LESBIAN SPEC FIC ANTHOLOGY YES I AM SHOUTING
Gotta love a conference that doesn't squeeze every last dollar out of floor space.
Beautiful exhibit hall.
Its so hot, and this bus smells!!!
:
totally gonna be me
If u want stuff done your way...
do it yourself...
Hate when ugly bitches eye fuck me
Haven't been on here in a while...
getting all ready for camping!!!
Can't wait to go, just bought a 22 foot camper and we're OUTTA HERE
Better late than never!
RT : wheuu your amazing how come I never heard of you before?
o ok
Hearing We Will Rock You by Queen on the radio totally pumping me up to face work after a week away at
Tomorrow is Destiny's birthday right ?
thank you.
The rhetoric rages on.
:
In residential setting there is flexibility, but conceptually it is not a room if you can touch both sides.
Corridor?
Nothing helps you GET THINGS DONE like a TIME CRUNCH.
Watching thevoice and recording HIMYM : its gonna be a good night :
shenanigans!!
This cannot be!
3/18/1758R Washington:I shoud not have receivd them had I not been at great painsexpence myself to Send them.
So Indolent is captain Dick!
thank you!
so excited and honored!
Couldn't do it w/o
lol cool beans bro.
No problem:
Work to do, bills to pay, but at least there's food to eat!
:D
So far today I've eaten five eggs and a whole cheese pizza...what have you done with your life?
Your best content writing occurs when you write what you know.
pot pie is everywhere now, go for it
Today I'm admiring Hamilton and King's tour de force Camillus series of 17951796.
Thanks everyone who came to You Are Your Own!
It has beem EXTENDED!
This Sat same place 710pm!
See u there!
I was literally just about to text you lol
That was the best vitamin water commercial!
Love the sexy sax man but it was even better when the random antelope plowed him over.
Haha!
Bored, but don't wanna give in to Duty Free shopping.
sucks we dont talk any more all cuz i didnt have the balls to meet u.
Best performance on TheVoice was tony Lucca !!
RT If u have major Bieber FEVER!
i love
You don't need anyone else's permission 2 b happy.Your life is amazing not because someone says it is but because u choose 2 see it as such
thats what sup, so where you from and is the weather good there lol
I have an RB song for every ill.
Is Tom Haverford?.
Hello, I would like to say many things but most important is that in every song I steal your heart ...
Especially you Niall..
hell yeah we're in the semis!!!!!
thanks homie...
nice to follow you too!
yezzir man i had to get back quick cuz it was only gnna get worse from there yadigg
Working out hungover sucks so bad but at least I got it done!
WhooHoo!!!
Way to go Into The Woods with Kyle Anderson!!!
mamma says snakes are the devil
I just got my hair cut too!
or with their mom.
Since y'all ain't gonna be doing shit Who wants to go to London with me in July lol
When I get my truck, I want a huge batman symbol on the back window;
IPEX, in case you're wondering, is the InterParliamentary EU information eXhange.
IPEX.eu contains database on EU affairs
Why do people still read her?
Ugh!!!
Is there any way to just subscribe to your Unfiltered magazine?
I read the latest issue online line and loved it.
i just realized bro we were in the same music production class last year i think haha
If is the only dubstep artist a girl knows then she's too young for you bro
Did I just hear the name Blue Ivy is being copyrighted?
Are you kidding me?
Crossing that off my list of future baby names.
Every time you come around something magnetic pulls me down.
Chillin with the girls pubofpennvalley where's my friend
hey, when we do the questions on composite functions do we have to include the domains of g, f, and?
Riff Raff has affordable prices, great taste in styles, makes shopping less of a hassle, and...
LOLZ ;
: i'm ready to watch the hunger games again!
Me too !!!
wta it do dont tell them i talk to u im stell on the shit list but jest wonted to say hi and
Congrats to , the Official Product Sponsor of the National Collegiate Sales Competition 
The largest population sector in the world who also happens to be the most savvy in connection technology  4 billion under 30 years of age.
The sounds good ad campaign must mean it doesn't sound all that good.
why bring up the issue?
doesn't matter..
More ppl like watching pacman fight cuz he's more entertaining..
Floyd wants everything his way..
Not gonna happen
Thanks for the add!
Have you checked out the new bartab 2.0 app?
bartab has some healthy doctornk options too!
CommisterTed Schneyer: this is not MDP discussion repackaged; std to not harming/advancing core vales of loyalty, independce and impartiality.
RT : If your resume mentions Yoga or Pilates we know you're not a good match for our culture.
Krispy Kreme HR LOL
Thanks to for doctorpping off 36 new winter hats for our guests today!
Happy to hear you'll be here on July 26th for Ignite Newark I!
I knew you would come thru for me!
: Don't Matter, You gonna doctorp them charges...sorry just heard it on the fan, Couldn't resist: Love it!!!
Agreed.
Not sure what's going on, but I like it!!
RT Mild weather in CLE isn't just different, it's downright bizarre.
for sure just page me.
This is the longest February ever.
Do not believe that possibly you can escape the reward of your action.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
KGW's Nick Allard weighs in on Prince Charles doing the weather on BBC during PM doctorve on FM News 101 today
I'm OBSESSED with frank ocean's novacane...ugh amazing
Listen to at 7:35 as joins us!
It's album release day!
With me
JPMorgan trading loss an upset for big US bank credits
even though i am a Ravens fan, gotta say your a class act!
AA customer service is right on point.
A joy to work with.
Budget Car Rental service was so terrible I will not be using them again.
Celebrating Science Vocab Scores 3 out of 3 Classes scored alltime highs today!
Now going for 4
RT if you've met Austin.
But mine does...
RT : If ya mom dnt got twitter stop wishing her happy mothers day on here smh...
Imagine San Diego roadways with 40 more people.
You can choose the future of transportation in San DiegoChoose today...
True Match SuperBlendable Compact Makeup by Loreal has aerated elastomeric silicone cross polymers to smooth skin and hide flaws
Happy BDay !!!
May your day be filled with LOVE and Blessings !!!
Is so dang gorgeous!:
If a patient came in and couldn't pay cash or didn't have insurance you better tell him to leave and go to Jackson.
My teachers a
Flyers vs Penguins  one great game at a time...
not yet :
Yeah, childoctorn's theater got more recognition than STC.
Has to be changed.
hey beautiful, have a blessed day!
A kid turning down D1 rides to go to a d3...imsureitscompletelylegit..
SOUND FAMILIAR????
awww, thanks girl!
it means a lot!
: you guys did great too!
see like I said not bad just interesting ;
tough one!
3's, 4's, 11's, 13's and 5's if I had a top five
Nice!
I hope you will enjoy pro guitar mode!
That movie make's me happy.
Officially switched to Mother's Day Mode: abandoning Him  Her in the living room for a bubble bath.
Ah....
for real!
Some farmers just boarded and boy does it smell like it :
I JUST BOUGHT MY FIRST CAR.
This deserves a shootout.
teamtoyota langhorne You're the best.
Looking at Baby picturess  just laughing your as of !
Oregon City :D
Good morning my friends and fam!!!!!!
Yet another day here with the ones I love!!!!
Thank u lord for that3
Good Morning!
It's going to be a beautiful Saturday!
Today is the Werst Halloween Party!
Are you coming??
Yes  need to create pull systems, not push systems.
Relevant for many contexts outside of health
Have you tried yoga?
Fantastically fun audition today for a Disney webseries!
I was inspired to be funny all day long!
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
Henry Ford
the work of geniuses
Happy New Year everyone enjoy 2012 and stay productive!
haha :'D well..
u know..
haha yeah its true xDD
lol I no
THANK YOU SO MUCH THAT WAS AMAZING
Separation of Church  State?
Oops ah about that ...
Great idea, insert a podcast page on your site and link to it via twitter.
I got to go in a castle today ...at school..it was made outta cereal boxes, but it was awesome !
:
Glee totally butchered starships.
A lot of big plans 2012 is my year
Thanks very much Mike.
I appreciate it.
See you soon.
Housebuying FTW!
Congrats.
u r welcome:
We can't wait to see you!
RT : Can't wait to be back in the Midwest on Thursday!!!
20 minutes till the phillyhunt question, it will come at noon and be about the Daily News.
You can win a giftcard from !
There are guys that get all the luck and guys,like me, that get f
head of Peabody marketing Richard Selden talks to students about Peabody, marketing  public relations.
more to come...
I can't even get that for myself.
gotta have Class !
got a shirt to.
Match them yo on pre order
I hate when good things happen to bad people
In one gram of soil, about ten million bacteria live in it
sounds good :
Thanks!
RT : RE: recommendations for good gastropubs in
well you never know you can be a
That's better.
I LOVE YOU GUYS.
Looking for someone to present a solution for how things are going to get better.
Can't wait to work out with and in the morning.
Y'all betta be ready its bout to go down!
Abby!
It has been too long, how are you?!?
Happy Sunday!
: Hope everyone is having a blessed  wonderful day!
3
If I ever teach a Literary Frauds class again, these men who blog as lesbians will definitely be in the mix.
WOW  she's back!
7.
The Nature Boy IC Flair f/ Peet Caliber  The Product
Followers go follow for great quotes :D
crazy day today!
Yep I play middle :
Starting to feel raw around the edges.
If something could get less stressful right about now, I'd surely appreciate it...
i hate feeling sick
When is Ed sheerans next Tour!?
She got a cake on her, She gotta cake on her
Was enjoying the new radio on the way to the daycare this morning.
From the backseat, my daughter yells, Daddy, TURN THAT DOWN!
Best practice: connect employees to what they do in the world / how they make a real difference, says at
21 thank god it won, best album indeed.
Had a Fab day with my bestie :
New photog's who run out and buy the most expensive high end camera and think they will be great cause of that should get a major clue...
you can see my house in the movie
rosebowluw Oregon TD run by Anthony Thomas 91 yards is Rose Bowl record.
Some people can't doctorve.
Those people live in Madison.
If you tweet the pin of a photo from your facebook page that links back to your blog, does that guarantee you ultimate SEO?
ows Locked out of park so the people are taking over Bway  Houston goin north.
Now hiring servers for Ovation American Grill inside Ipic Entertainment.
Stop by to fill out an application
and the whole complexion of the inning is different and do i have to listen jack curry more come on
Go  See Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol if You haven't already done so!
Bloody Brilliant Film!
Anil Kapoor Totally Rocked it!
JHAKAAS!
Every single aspect of your life is regulated by unelected bureaucrats.
They tell you what you can do and how.
Time to stop them folks.
Unscientifically, 610 million.
I know right hot Stuff!!!!!
If you can, visit B.O.'s Fish Wagon on Caroline St.
Best grouper sandwich you'll ever have!
you were honored last night and will live in infamy as the 1st ever female caller.
I made sure Jeryl knew that too.
RT Im committing to telling you about my podcast on commitment.
Acting without the doctorma, on iTunes!
Can't wait to see everyone this Sunday!
We hear will be there too.
Starving, but there is nothing to eat
don't make me subtweet you ..
alas, Internet woes.
The hashtag swsterling seemed pretty good.
Another annual great end of show rant.
Follow or I don't even
Eating popcorn getting ready to watch the first season of The Boondocks
that makes two of us!
Dang I got 7 new followers but I lost like 7495.!!!!!
Sounds like a blast.
I haven't gone native on WhacAMole since an iPad version came out.
:
LOL!!!!
Love it!!
Thanks for guessing!
It's very warm night in the library.
I should have doctorssed for summer today.
Who feel like talking????
SUCH a good day!
when are you gonna post a new chapter?
I NEED A NAP.
srsly.
He know exactly where its at on the ipod  he knows more words than me!
4WordsIDontWantToHear I'm gonna report you as spam well I did not do anything I'm harmless
Goin to work
I have had many business owners refuse to change their site.
If you don't improve it, it will go out with the tide.
People got issues
I don't JUDGE off of what a person tells me.
I judge off of your actions.
Getting closer to having the itinerary and price of a Welsh Heritage Tour in early August.
yeah i was busy so i couldnt reply earlier..sorry i have other things to do....
I plan to, once the traffic gets up.
Still getting this whole thing off the ground.
i loved the wing series especially the flag ones!
But i can't find any in my size that are less than 500 :
Looking forward to tonight's show at The Palladium with Marvin Hamlisch!
you talkin to me bitch?
yes definitely worth a listen!
Try oxford comma or something off first album...
yes u are not doctoraming!
:
I want some buffalo wings
Lunch money gets stolen, hide behind the Sisters, and snatched off of a golf cart.
Left early.
I know, very cool marketing idea.
Leave the Holiday baking to your Suga Momma!
Place Lush orders today!
Don't see your fav cocktail??
Just let me know n I'll make it happen!
Jeffco Destination Imagination teams covered by in
shit what was their names?
Enjoy the Full Moon Magicuse the sexual tension of Scorpio to manifest something earthy, sensual  substantial under the Taurus full moon
So when is coming back to detroit?
It's a Civil Warfilled summer !
doctor Ethan Rafuse discuses the First Battle of Bull Run on July 13th, 6 pm at the Central Lib!
Great man.
Let's all go on a Vampire Roadtrip it'll be to die for!
awesome :D
I bet I love you more!
So let's be real, does anyone ever pay attention to the ORDER of their TBR pile on GR?
RT : President Obama makes college more affordable?
more grants and fed loans is NOT more affordable  nice SPIN
When Twitter informs me that I've got 1780 unread tweets...
yeah, there's a big chance I won't be reading any of 'em.
Sorry.
Omg!
congrats!
u have like the best life!:
Sweet You've got a Deal :
its ok lol
OK YUP THE TRACKS ARE BACK ON BANGIN OUT TO THE BANGERS IM MAKIN ALL DAY GET AT ME DJ PHIL doctorMMIN!!!!
Peep New Mixtape Bigger Than Life The Day I Woke Up www.tinyurl.com/hopmixtape Hosted By:
Facebook Glen Goodoctorm
Going to be a hot one here.
Finally over the DOJ thing, I think and watching the WSOP ME on TV, just wish that I could have been there.
RT FLYASSAIRBORNE And when I say no money I mean chump change
Avie Luthra's Lucky, set in postapartheid SouthAfrica, broke my heart  encouraged me 2 find alter ways 2 communicate  create community.
Pretty sure that '50 Cent and Justin Bieber' TT should be yours too.
That's gotta be oral sex related...
Thx for helping us spread the word re: 3/31 event at !
It is simplicity that makes the uneducated more effective than the educated when addoctorssing popular audiences.
can't believe who I just picked to win the National Championship.
Oh well...
I think they're the most talented team.
I ain't tellin...
LOL
Starting to lose my voice.
I'm probably the only person who likes losing their voice
Oh that's so awesome!
Hoping that will bode well for bar sales for the market next week :
Yay!
You received it.
I sent it with an extra helping of modern art.
Is it bad that I'm excited for the boys in college.....
Still got it
After many days of everything being rearranged I am ready for a schedule again
Save a donette for me.
Been waiting since 4 to watch SVU.
The time is now.
Delicious cookie nabbed from Devs makes afternoon enjoyable.
Woman on the train just mocked her son that there's no Childoctorn's Day...
But she's wrong.
I have 2 miles to empty
Who best for last : Yayayaya Justin won and got slimed.
HELL YES.
ur right earlier saying nobody cares as much as UK fans.
Hour b4 game n bbn is locked n loaded n superdome.
Few Kansas fans
For a second there, i thought i lost my account!
as it would not let me log in, but hey yall it hasn't happend!
Who is on?
talk to me!Xo
This world is a better place cuz you're in it.
U inspire me  make me pee my pants with laughter.
Car shopping isn't the most fun in the world, but having rad parents to go with you is pretty awesome to make it much easier.
So I'm Up , Mhm Some Cereal Sounds Good Right About Now 3
Somebody talk to me about Prezi.
has me jonesin' to play with it after seeing one of hers.
Worth it?
Explain libel to me on the Internet you dumb fucks.
Hmm mondays off to a rough start.
Can I call mulligan?
Jeff Bridges but as the Dude
With the 259th pick in the FSWA FantasyBaseball Experts doctorft I went with : Kurt Suzuki
Yessir!!!
RT : It was good catching up w/ my boy this weekend!
Just found out I will be at bootcamp in september of this year SO EXCITED!!:
Life was a funny thing that happened to me on the way to the grave.
HD video clearly hurting the 49ers there.
Now that I'm following , I'm learning lots and getting nothing done.
Wasn't this predicted by Nostradamus?
Congrats to my alma mater and for earning an encore performance at the Big Dance!
Sorry if i'm mean, it's only because i'm keeping it real.
!
YOU WANT TO BOOK A PARTY FOR SATURDAY MATRIX....
TEXT ME 972 839 4921.
WWW.G1PARTY.COM
not necessarily, just give a better feel on what the songs about.
feel me?
RT : Craaaazyyyyy to see LT back in san diego!
We're talking about THE KARATE KID on our movie podcast this Thursday night  6pm PT  we'd love to have you on!
Interested?
Words with friends is now on andoctorids so now I can beat even more ppl..
Muah ha ha ha!
I kid I kid, on that last part.
Who is Mike Lombardi?
Ppl keep telling me that all my hard work will pay off but my hard work is getting harder these days...
The  1 name on yahoo trending is no other than My main Man Howard Stern!
LIKE THAT!!
crosses fingers
Go Big Blue....headed to Lex to watch
it's deja vu all over again.
Enjoy.
Great weekend!
Sold out shows for SUGAR BEAN SISTERS Fri/Sat nights, and film UrFRENZ is headed to another festival!
Shit like that makes me not want to move back at all
we are so up for that.
hee, perhaps a blind dating by beer preference event?
:
NLD Fun Fact of the Day: Jupiter has 63 moons and one of them is volcanically active the only one of its kind in the entire solar system!
shoot me a link of sumn
Kicked off by payasyougo mobile phone teens who found their money went further with texting  the first tech freemium model?
Just signed up.
Thrilled to meet my colleagues
Aw, thanks!
I am definitely enjoying a warm sunny day today :
im freaked out right now
Sleek and safe to doctorp
how are u
I've also kind of been let down in the past by ww.
I've seen whales, but the boat has to stay so far away it's kind of meh.
Who really gives a shit what thinks anyway?
Great Sunday greetings to all my Twitter friends!
May your day be blessed and I hope and pray that you have a truly blessed week!
Dean
heard you were coming to florida IS IT TRUE and if so where Mahomie 4 LIFE
The doors are top 5...
1 is Zeppelin ..
Not sure what the rest are but the doors are in there
Beaches Of Fort Myers and Sanibel Makes Cut On Top 20 Events List: The Southeast Tourism Society has named four events on The B...
I want some junk food...
RT : I hate Red Skull.
60:08 GWC322 // A, sitting next to me: Well, he is a fcking Nazi.
I'm watching tv , you?
that was compared to a stupid question from the audience at Neil deGrasse Tyson today
another world rocked!
got to love the ernest movies!!!
You know you have LOTS of supporters out there when you're tweeting and texting about your first real shower in 20 days.
Me too!
RT : Sunburnt and freckling.
Her doctorss looked AMAZING in person.
Don't let the photo fool you.
Do you have Imstagram??
We live in Miami I thought we'd all be used to it by now.
I would very much like to buy you a congrats doctornk tomorrow.
If you settle anywhere, let me know.
After first block my day goes by so quick lol
Pulling across my lap, doctorgging her hands behind her back and cuffing her wrists in my hand Do you want me to spank you?
Nice pic.
It's not about where it lands, it's about where it crosses the plate, right?
...Count me in!
When can I get a floor plan?
the end of raw
Preds kicker Mark Lewis attempts a 37yard field goal and misses the kick.
Tampa Bay leads 2110 at the half.
2012  off to a great start!
6 more Nonprofessorts have agreed to partner with us!
Will tell you who soon!
Getting my outfits ready for today's shoot ready to film a scene or two today for the music video.
CrewLove 3 Not even distance can separate them.
MT : T1.2 the qualities of a great blogger, the willingness to leave nothing out, bare all be naked to the reader.
Normal people: every day I'm shufflin...
Simpsonizers: every day I'm simpsonizin....
;D
Good morning peeps....
Yes, if you find something shoot it to me!!
I miss your face!
Part Four: Boys the forgotten victims  Vancouver Sun
Blazing the comeback trail to getting into shape.
Today is a GREAT DAY !!
Gerald was nice enough to wait with me at the Max.
He obviously doesn't know he's not getting laid.
Can't stay away from that big orange lunar eclipse  what a sight!!
whats on Thursday there?
Aha.
Thank you.
oh, I really like her
: it was just 1 of my random thoughtsits ok lol
Please text HOMES to 85944 to donate 10 towards building a home for severely injured veterans.
Please RETWEET and spread the word!
Didn't get to record set, but its ok spending time with my little girl.
it was either house or wedding.
And by wedding, I mean 150 wedding.
dont talk about clothes i mothafuckin embarrass you !
: that means I didn't even keep it alive a full month.
Who do I think I am doctornking mimosa's like this??
Well tweet that
Yes agreed, establishing good relationships seems to be the key to creating a good foundation for success
true.
I have watched this now 8 times, I don't understand how his body flipped that way.
I have a great print of Detroit, circa 1930ish.
A sort of elevated plan with smokestacks and sailboats, view from Windsor.
Thanks for comments....hope you like the products
still one of my favorites!
Paul is really dead...
Hating ain't healthy...
why you choose to be sick..?
The world full of pussy you either that or Dic.!
I want a goodmorning text punk
LowCholesterol Recipes: Blueberry and Raspberry Pancake Topping 4.73 / 5 Stars  37 Reviews by thr33things Blueberries and raspberries
RT : will be on site to captainre some video images and scenery of the Block Party.
Swag up!
What a horrible night of non existent sleep.
Being sick sucks.
Finally finished my teethwhitening kit.
Can't tell a difference yet.
I want to blind you with my pearly whites.
Will they strike or not?
GreshamBarlow teachers will take a vote today  more LIVE w/
Event aims to change minds about cloth diapers
Oh lord, boy scouts are just so adorable.
Specially the ones from my school.
I feel like listening to some freaky shit.
well said
Thanks for the warm welcome and we are holdin on to our bloomers cuz pretty sure ur gonna take us for a ride!
RT everyone talking about DC being tied on points with SportingKC remember DC has played THREE more games than
FACT The Funniest Sex Laws Ever, Check Out: mylikes
countdown 7 days left.
honeybadger attitude on things don't/shouldn't matter, new spring new start.
my persian NYear resolution
no it is not whatever with a broken heart !
Love you troy
Today's Sandwich: Turkey  cheddar on a French bagettue with lettuce, tomato, mayo and a cup of soup....6.95
I don't like the Thunder or the Clippers bc of the Grizzlies 
The sex scenes in HBO's Girls are hipster garbage.
We will miss you!
: Chicago's loss is NYC's gain...
good luck!
.
what makes marine Lee pen dangerous in a way her father never was is that she could easily be an extreme left candidate
Rock Band Food: Sleep Now in the Fire Nachos topped w/ chili, pepper jack cheese, sweet n spicy peppers, Tapatio sauce, sour cream  salsa!
I need to start my economics final !!
doctorg testing never fun.....
After squandering Game 1, Sixers look to finetune in Game 2
Requests and Belmont BarBQue on the Powerdoctorve at 5 w/Helen Powers!
Studio: 978 1023 or
More delegates strategy will lead RonPaul to the White House!
Work Friday then the doctornking begins Saturday
Kidney stones on Deadwood may be the most uncomfortable thing I have ever seen on television.
Sharpshooters!
RT : Happy Birthday to the second half of team SHARP/SHOT, !
Good luck!
RT : Preparing to speak at MilwaukeeCenterForIndependence tomorrow morning.
Put people with disabilities to work!
Oh wow, Safari is really flipping out right now, I think I can thank the swagbucks toolbar for this...
AP is saying the opposite.
Interesting.
RT : Players union officially announces that Braun won appeal
Do you have a big comics/manga/graphic novel collection?
Study Tip: If You Want to Remember Something, Think Deeply About It
I will be any singer to any genre of music if I set my mind for it.
Hard work, pays off.
doctorams will pursue!
RIP Mike Wallace of 60 minutes.
Dead at 93.
A giant in the television news industry.
better start throwing to Victor Cruz if they want to win
!
RT :check out GreaterTogether for tweets about their huge Youth Summit today in OH
really miss the cantwell house !
Hahaha
Bulls Pacers is on CSN right now, but because the Champaign market gets shafted, I can't view it on the infomercial access channel
Megan: DAMN Shawty!
.....
Can I say that?
That awkward moment when you dont want to talk to someone but he/she keeps trying to talk to you
I try so flipping hard not to think about you.
But I can't just let you go.
I wrote your name all over the eggs my little sister let me have 3 LOVE YOU!
I need that Men In Black Memory Erasing gadget, cuz this is too stressful and hard to think about.
DAMN!!!!
doctornk some more brother!!
You earned it!
Speaker Nathan Latka shares powerful socialmedia weapons at smwnyc, including how to doctormatically increase fb likes through texts
Nice to meet you as well, we are following back.
haha : well im getting of but ill talk to you tomorrow : bye!!
RESISTENCE IS FUTILE!
I Love it when you don't make sense after we eat at Portillo's also, when you give yourself a highfive 
Finally got RapidMiner working with R integration using the 64bitonly Java on 10.6.
Turned out environment variables were at fault...
Ok, waiter came quickly and took care of kids.
Great service.
I love NC!
I hope we do play there soon!
Psyched to open for next week.
Hi TeresaAre you doing the Jimmy the Groundhog Facebook page?
The event has moved to Cannery Square across from City Hall.
I just have to take a minute and say that the winning touchdown for the NY Giants was the best touchdown I've ever seen haha...so awesome!
Writeragent relationship should be friendly.
Not gooutandgetbeers friendly, but they should return your calls.
Agents panel at
Means it smelled pretty rough.
Ha!
I was hacked!!!
: How are you though?
I did send you a real tweet the other day
the lady from Bradford constantly calls me  basically says all my life decisions will fail me and schedules me for a visit i don't want
Looks like it will be in the low 80s for Mothers day in the PDX area!
Quite the opposite Ken, I LOVE Janelle and her Boston accented mom.
They are perfect disasters, and a complete guilty pleasure.
Hey no you didn't miss it, I did!
We're having it this afternoon though :
It was the exact same way for me.
So I watched some interviews and saw her in XMen and discovered she is amazing.c:
Some people really need to know what to wear and what not to wear.
Checking out the new show Girls on Anyone else watch?
Are you ever coming to Miami in this lifetime???
dontbelieveyou lol how are youu bbygirrrl
Tuning out of work, tuning in to pebblebeach.
Like seeing Tiger and Phil paired on Sunday.
LOVE seeing Lefty kicking Tiger's ass.
Retirement Planning Seminars this week!
Wednesday  Thursday.
Call us  6145431350 if we can help someone you know!
Anything Ive ever done that ultimately was worthwhileinitially scared me to death.
Betty Bender
Pretty Please!
Friend us on Yahoo!
Username: poisedcreation
I'm fuckin irritated
Bout to watch The Avengers in like 5 minutes with my teddybear : :
So does this girl  We started a contest to remind ourselves to doctornk water.
My gallon/day is crushing the comp.
Itreallymakesmemad when a gurl is sexy then a mofo and when u get close to her, her puss smells!!!
Jamie Moyer is so old, his social security number is 1
We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
Aristotle
My friend who teaches Civ Pro at Brooklyn always has a great exam :
finally on the train to DC
: Sitting in my car eating subway,, diet coke and listening to npr.
sundayafternoon billionaires are just like us!
damn that's a doctorve
lol oh calm your tits : it was a good competition !
: the final 4 were all good
Pussy wetter than an ocean!
And let's not forget the fin de siecle  In particular the ultimate novelist of ideas: Robert Musil
Had so much fun last night with We partied like rockstars!lol
That's a GREAT point : if we could talk to the Soviets w/ their 30K nuclear arsenal, why quickly resort to bombs over Iran?
You know what's even better than afterwork yoga?
Lying on the couch eating ice cream.
Yeah but I don't want to be in Wacksonville struggling too lol!
I'm sorry :/ but I really hope everything works out :
Hitler and Napolean both only had one testicle.
Have a great day :
no cake for you.
remember to pack light so you can hit the fish market up it is fine to put doctor ice in your luggage in case you were wondering
Torn between reading Eugenio Montale and reviewing a contract.
Who likes biology projects raise your hand!!..oh wait.
NO ONE DOES
he better sit down dome where he font want it
.
No, not sure where ur at, but im set w the quarians and in a big thing w cerebus.
Just finished big asari world mission.
U??
Be led by your doctorams, not pushed by your problems.
YOU'VE NEVER HEARD OF THEM?!
LoL!
thats why were so SEXY !!!
;
honestly?
I find none of these provocative.
10's arrogant assumption that MLS's will only want to work in higher ed is annoying.
Follow LiLLiEs Cafe on Facebook as well!
Bumblebee is my favorite.
thanks so much im a huge fan !!!
Morning, I slept well, we had a minor earthquake here at between 12:30 am and 1 am :
Wow  well thank you for listening!
Instead of anticipating the worst prepare yourself for the best.
no thanks.
Happy Birthday, I love you.
i think im getting a fever YEE that way on Tuesday i dont have to go back to school lol :
The federal budget kind of sounds like my college meal plan.
Both feature big arm, great deep ball, great speed, durability concerns, lack of pro sys.
exp
If you eat somewhere that much...yikes.
; RT : My life is complete now that is following me.
really nice event.
Good dialogue
There isn't enough cheese in our fridge.
Working on planning events for by amazing H.O.P.E.
founder Andi Scull in Feb  a musical theater Research  Pizza in April.
Your a bitch.
Calm the fuck down
Well, it the Show Me State...
Show us how big of an asshole you are and we'll induct you into our hall of fame?
bahaha me an Sam were talking about that night where I kept telling you I was Cupid  I was gonna find you a girl !!;b
Great compliment E!
RT : imma 49ers fan but you be puttin in work man!!!
i hope you get what you deserve homie!!!!
RT  Good luck to my baby 
you have to learn to shoot first.
Follow Me Back!
: Jeremy Boggs  Humanities Design Architect, UVa Library Scholars' Lab; Wizard of Web Aesthetics
Sometimes when I'm bored I try on my girlfriends clothes.
Follow my tweets!
is a Awsome account related to Watch porn online!;
SAVE THE DATE: Tune into CSPAN on Sat, May 12 from 9:1510am ET for a review of the 2012 AP Government Exam
Wondering when exactly it was that Erdogan decided to singlehandedly explode Turkish diplomatic relations
Nature sighting: 11 baby quail out for their first jaunt with parents.
I squee'd out loud, and they ran and hid.
But I couldn't help it.
WHO ALL IS AT THE BOTTOM LOUNGE TONIGHT!!!
Lol
I was recently in ur area speaking at Unity of Wimberley.
It's nice to meet u on Twitter.
Welcome!
Alrighty  I threw up tool descrip  pilot project topic  sources
One more round!!
Be on the look for a new Valentines day mixtape by me!
King Tex in da studio baby!
He said details on site soon.
Interior photos from Town Hall insanely beautiful.
Don't feel like cooking tonight?
Buckets of wings await you at Quaker Steak  Lube...
we'd be happy to help if you are still looking for an attorney.
Give our office a call.
619.794.0243
My experience is we burn.
I am looking for a good Spanish intro text w/ lots of learning methods and multimedia.
Any suggestions?
Stoke Or maybe subliminally I meant 'The Strokes'
ok then, did you get anyone today?
Back in Seattle after very demoralizing Commerce trip, lost every single session for a week in 4080200/4 mix and lhe in some amazing games
Fuck you YouTube 
Mahomies,,, i need you're help.
I'm gonna make a video for Can you help me to tweet him about my video so he can see :!
XO
i want to start a secret society...
was starting to root for the Dutch until they started kicking people in their chests.
The Redskins are going to need Peyton next year based on their opponents for next year.
Yikes.
Somedays I need some extra help being fierce.
On those days I rock my lady blazer.
how does it feel to become and overnight viral media sensation?
YES.
WE ARE GOING TO STEVES THIS WEEKEND.
3
Same with Maddie but she's dumb and won't come.
She sugested wednesday to thursday.
that really won't work.
correct.
Guess Bubba not chasing the money.
Being w newborn son his priority
looking good.
I think and think and think, I've thought myself out of happiness one million times, but never once into it.
Jonathan Saffron Foer
TerrificThursday have a kick ass day sexy Logan :
An archaeological trove  The Virginia Gazette
ugh wipe and flush
Does anyone have contacts in any of the New York Hospitals?
If so in box me?
We want to get them involved in the Congo Cause!
Okay, now that we've jammed everyone's feeds, y'all can go back to your regularly scheduled days.
it's Lisa HJ from One.
definitely follow me here, too.
whoop whoop Dark skin ....
Trying my best to keep up.
FB,twitter,wrk,studio time,now they got.
Voxer!
Goodness I got it
I'm reading some of Thomas Adams' 1614 sermons.
And getting a migraine because of some bad things I ate yesterday.
Then I see this:
Hey Terrance!
Long time no see!
will do bro  hope y'all are well
Yankees are getting spanked!
Changing the channel.
Celebrate National Peanut Month!
The worst mistake I ever made was messing up what we had.
I can't help but think if I'd never gone to college we could still be together :
Are you still renting?
Not sure you can afford a home?
Call today to learn more about our 1st time homebuyer programs.
3761299
I love Sugar Ray Allen
KarlHeinz Oehler takes stage  HCM2012 to discuss factbased talent decisions..
flew in from Switzerland to rock the house!
Scorching hot day.
smister circle line is not running.
Buses are taking almost forever and causing lots of problems.
thanks for the reminder.
How could I forget!
Amazing how you can get that good at golf in such cold weather all the time
...
I'm a pirate and your my Booty!
;
you're very welcome!
Hahaha on shuffle, the song that was playing when Scott Scanlon learned to dance right before he shot himself just came on Spotify!
Fixed middleware linking WorldCat to records in Mason's catalog.
Suspect it's been broken since PHP 4.2!
Not just another pretty face
thanks!
enjoy your holiday!
I wish I had a flying car to fly over the traffic.
Congrats on the success!!
uh huh.
hook me up with an invite for Google?
I feel better than expected this morning.
Still pretty crummy, but no fever.
I think it's still Ben's...
Lol dudes on twitter who can tweet follow my guy  and not feel gay LOL
I like seeing your professorle picture in the am.
Smile
that is adorbs.
Watching Adele win all these Grammys is literally the least surprising thing I've ever seen on live tv.
Who doesn't love her at least a bit?
i got it from they said everyone could use it
up the marble stairs, to the left of registration
Nice!
down 15 lbs myself!
Work it!
We are looking for a San Diego Sales representative!
If you know anyone have them email w/ a Resume!
Thnx
I Freakin Love That I Was Born/ Live In TN!
I Have Lived Here For All Of My 14 Years Of Living!
:
i stand by and repeat my earlier tweet...florida is making you dumb.
bummer.
although, ill of course stop in to say hi to niki.
hey, i still need your rec on where to get glass for those windows.
I can literally see the water under my skin.
we are going to be perfect roomies!!
or sum dumb guy.....: Gon Xi Fa Chai everyone!
Happy Chinese New Year!
Duck  Pak choi on the menu for me :
I love the 80's feather cut.
J Rich was
weird, it was two people interviewing jordan in the very beginning, he's got a black shirt on.
I've said it once I'll say it again: I love being a turtle!
And I love my inlaws.
Yes I said it.
I love my inlaws
bro if you find one, I'm in.
A big time game with No alcohol served??
How does that work?
Go to bigdaddysports.blogspot.com
NeverForget me :D
Recycle artisans psyche: crazy rubbish worshiper, thinks ordinary is boring, factory art is tacky  inventing/creating is play time.
Getting a good taste of the natural disaster that is LA traffic.
I like the sound of Pima Patch.
might make that trip down to Tupelo,Mississippi to see some friends while i'm home
your first tweet in 132 days.
i'm honored.
Getting our land legs back after an amazing break is proving to be a little more difficult than expected.
scheduleinterrupted!
yes!
RT : First day for and Welcome to digiorg ...
Best team ever.
What is up with the officials in Boston?
They need to be fired!
Go Celtics!
youre welcome young lady
Happy 18th birthday you have come a long way.
for real ?
If the music is good enough, I may just start a dance party up in this bitch.
Well, one day, me and my mom were having an argument about me not completing my homework on time and I came up w...
: We're here at my party and a couple people got killed..
Chad: I brutally murdered someone but no big deal...
LOVE at the Mirage a MUST see on your Vegas to do list!
Incredible!
some of yall got me laughn on here like heck tonight
Diagnostic tools help with student confidence, time management features help with anxiety
Maybe this?
RT : Firefighters responding to 136 R street Ne for a shooting
brain damage to ya cat don't manage...
All of them.
Fans of Historical and Literary fiction...
watch for Katherine Ann Meyer's debut novel, Grosvenor Square, to be released in July!
Whats in Orlando for you?...oddly enough I miss Orlando too
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
hey Smosh can I get a follow, it would be great to be followed by you guys...on twitter too lol
Experimenting continues......
labwork!!
The contest will end Sunday at high noon.
We will select 2 winners at random.
It's cool the NBC hockey announcers are talking about the Tigers, I can't wait until opening day
My mind goes so deep in thought sometimes, to the point where I have to remind myself I'm only 16.
I've got forever to figure things out.
Good morning my beautiful peeps...
I see your face and I can breathe
crushing rays, that lifestyle isn't a choice
i got good sleep
Sweeten up the office today with beautiful and delicious cupcakes.
Its professorssional Administrative Day.
Now Yankees fans everywhere will get a glimpse of what it's like to lose games in the ninth.
Welcome to reality for 29 other teams.
That's y i picked a credit union in the 1st place, any good ones left?
I give ya 10 points
New GreenNote tools coming soon.
Direct funding, no waiting!
Money from donors when you need it.
Yeah, it's going to be good.
I dont work tomorrow!
:
WelcolmeToBaltimore where legends give up there doctorams bc they think they are in love.
Fortune sides with him who dares.
Virgil
Karl Marx invented the Internet 
Spent the evening with a boisterous neighbor.
Best way to watch the worldseries and your team loses.
NW Styled by June PYT pretty young thug
Hey everyone go follow  he's awesome and you so wont regret it!!
MUSTFOLLOW 3
The Ricketts family should have a reality show called Life With Joe, telling the story of how each of the kids has to deal with their Dad.
Sweet!
Just a reminder I'd def recommend contacting some of the hosts yourself:
I just wanna do something this weekend..
haha
I don't want to be nudged...
but I know it's fucked up haha
I despise your kind RT Who has time to watch regular season games?
Not me!
Come October...
go Braves!
Rather a late supper.
Recovery includes forgivness
not yet, but you needa tell me everything.
Lets meet up soon, yeah?
The cast of CHILdoctorN has a day off today before previews start tomorrow.
Rest up, kids!
When people think they are funny, because they break hearts twice in a row.
:/
Watching Glory Road I freakin LOVE this movie!!!!33
Agree w you about the Kindle price pt.
Are they waiting to blow it out for Christmas?
getting ready for leg 17.
good morning my lovies, have a wonderful, blessed and amazing day today, love the Lord with all your heart and mind and lean not on ur own
i'm glad you finally began truly hash tagging yourself
I'm invoking the littleknown exemption for Indiana Jones quotes.
today is a crazy day !
How did it work for you?
time for a coma;
Everyday I'm shufflin..
BackInTheDayWhenIWasAKid we had cool fucking shows like Keenan and kel not my little pony
oh gosh lol but I'd have to agree
D3 good luck wishes going out to B.L., R.P.
A.G.
today.
Also, a sincere D3 congrats to H.T.
C.R.!
College Football!
Ohio State vs.
University of Miami!
1 : Startup Success Secret 5 Cofounding Team.
Pick cofounders not just based on complementary skills on great chemistry
Excited to see make the WDS session cut as well!
Can I get a line ticket for that one?
Have an inspiring, uplifting Sunday y'all!
Choose gratitude!!x
Hi ABQ gals!
We're looking for more writers for GalTime Albuquerque.
If you're interested, let us know at
TGIF!
Kentucky Derby 2mister  so excited!
I'm putting on my BIG hat and watching the MOST EXCITING 2 MINUTES in sports!
Safe travels!
Looking forward to starting 's What I Saw and How I Lied for my YA Book Club.
The ASE team has arrived in Vegas and is heading over to the Nightclub and Bar Show.
Hope to see you there.
her half n half ass don't speak fluent Lmao.
She be helping me a lil
Always interesting: Google Posts Now Tracked and Searchable on Topsy
Just hit a raccoon...
Imitation is a form of thievery.
I mean...when's the last time you could walk into a eastcoast Champs  get UCLA gear?
1995?
..it is happy!
And listening to U2 while I cook it.
Beach tomorrow loving this weather for now til it gets too hot
Debating on whether or not to go to JapanFest tomorrow...
yup im callin the cops as we speak
I booked a night at the ritz, so I can put them between your tits
We learned...
a CounterPoyson against the filthy venemous water...
It intoxicates the Brain,  makes one giddy.
R.
Knox on 'bhang,' 1673
having worked both, find the regulator process is much more transparent.
Of course, cong.
just starves them.
There is still hope for the crown of England.
The close race on the table continues with great anxiety  joy.
Now time to get in my own workout.
Workout 2 today is 4 miles and upper body work!
time for a fresh pot?
Red Bull and Ddoctormusic.
What am I, a freshman?
Haha my friends stole my phone xP
It's the Wonder Years theme!
Why is all news now EdOp?
What happened to unbiased and factual?
I have not watched it yet!!
Can't wait!!!
They say 7.4 now, still quite large.
RT : Hearing of an unconfirmed, 7.6 super quake hitting Mexico.
The battery on my phone dies so fast
Halftime and the score is 00.
crazy well have a good day :
well if they parents don't got a job how they gonna play ps3 online then?
No Internet for them then
Totally!
Anybody doing live projected Twitter/Blog feeds on the wall?
WeLoveRianDawson , do you?
I wish I was a surfer.
They're all chill, and shit.
That's on my summer to do list.
On the freeway
Behind every successful man is his woman.
Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.

Telegraph.
I'm sending a wire to 1881 Kansas.
Jay kay, you taste like
Consulting services include mentoring and assistance of migration of CE8 classes to Bb9.1
WHAT'S UP!!!
I got plenty of Love for the both of u...
However, u are a Brewers fan, so I have to give the edge to u
Get 10 off all their services with your go local card!
Check out their website for the amazing services they offer!
Go Local
; 3WordsForYou  move on already.
do you play
So ready to go home, really not feeling work tonight
Start to get in your orders for the Indy Reads Holiday Chocolate Sale.
Call 2754040 for more information!
Solution to economy is more deregulation?
Governor, are you freakin' kidding us?
Teaching Internet research skills to 30 people at a time with no projection or screen share is incredibly frustrating and exhausting.
Funny moring at the school upstairs.
There was a conflict for 42 seconds
Homework before class : getting shit done!
Nothing that happens on Leap Day counts.
30Rock I hope everyone is having an awesome LeapDay!
you guys are in BeastMode!
Good Luck!
just told me that I was serialkilled in her nightmare.
Scary morning.
Tonight was awkwardly fun and intresting..
Hey thanks for the invite to Spotify, I have an account under animemiz.
Totally digging' brunomars performance
Thanks, that confirms it.
Now I can say I researched it, when I'm only planning to doctorve past my old house and H.S.
sorry I missed it...
I was invited but couldn't make it due to appointment and doctorve.
Oh yeah!!!
GRIZZNATION GrizzfreakinNation!!!
Got the W.
Trying to get that home court advantage.
Can't stop the Grind baby!!!
hello gorgeous!!!
Someone just prank dialed me from Steven's number...but it was a fail because he was right next to me
Ashlee Simpson  Pieces Of Me via FF karaoke.
Best!
cue the despair 20yearswhatthe
It has been too long since I updated!!!
Shame on me.
Happy Thansgiving to all!!
Publishers vs.
Libraries: An EBook Tug of War
late night, about to do some work son!
i'mbackandheretofuckshitup
Hit a split on the dick , shawty act up .
bring it back bring it back bring it back , you can act you can act .
ACT a Fool.
np babes .
S/o too you also : stayy in touCh
I am not only a Lakers fan because of Kobe, but I am DETERMINED to go to a Lakers game before he retires...it WILL happen.
back???
Like he was with you in your room?
Cant wait for it.
Have a great weekend
Honored 2 be up  3am 2 tell HAPPY 16th Bday as he goes 2 airport 2 meet n Haiti.
I LOVE  AM SO PROUD OF U DYL!
New video will be up very soon!
I feel the same!
yeah I know but I don't think I'll get one until I get a steady income.
I'll talk to mom about it
Happiness doesn't depend on any external conditions, it is governed by our mental attitude.
Dale Carnegie
In your example of 60s civil rights marches, racism is bad is also a platitude.
So, using your logic, you can minimize that
So tired!
hey ryan!
Today is my birthday it would mean so much if you said happy birthday;
My account with Mozy ended.
I need another backup service that has unlimited backup for computer and external doctorves.
Any Recommendations?
I marked any thing on dese damn test
Corollasnow Raton, NM to Glorieta road toughest 100 miles thus far.
The bus that zoomed past in unplowed lane was in ditch 5 mins later.
I am almost outrageously excited to eat food that isn't craft services.
Timing is everything.
I beat the rain by 5 minutes.
I would cook for my girlfriend.
Every time I contemplate upgrading GitM to MT 5.0, I get scared off by the lack of easy mode.
Fresh install sounds like courting disaster.
I failed 8D
And night.
People are wicked o.
Damn !.
How To Keep A Relationship  be honest, be faithful, be giving, be open minded 2 each others opinions,  put each other first.
RT if u agree
it was great!!
Thanks so much!
Google Argues for Dismissal of Authors' BookScan Lawsuit  Bloomberg
About to smash bis and tris with and Charlotte Quillen.
at the very least I know I'll be open limping and min raising a ton, events are 9 handed right?
Of course would have BB King's photo gracing the bar
yes unbelievable!
Maybe he had 17 days off?!?!
Thanks for the info.
definitely getting food from a DCFoodTruck today.
Tip: Warm up by walking briskly or jogging slowly for several minutes.
tell me more about this chocolate cheese...i'm very interested.
u welcome
April will honour the President General of the ANC, Cde Josiah Tshangana Gumede who served as the President of the ANC from 1927  1930.
blessings and happiness to you always...
That 70's Show 
Crean has us all on the right path!
Hey hows it going Man we have a track for Rihanna and doctorke we are trying to place.
Get back at us
: The fresh strawberries in my frozen yogurt are still slightly frozen.
firstworldpains
yes, cOlombian ;
I sure was, big fan of  they do awesome work!
Iowa storms the court after upsetting 15 Wisconsin.
Really?
Hey there :
I'll guarantee u if TwitterBaseball ever played at Citi and we had a Even Roberts/Joe Beningo BobbleHead Day
RT : Zunino steals second.
His eighth on nine attempts.
no way jose!
Haha
Clearly a mistake.
Complain to authorities.
teenageproblems why can't I have a real job?
it's illegal, unless you work anywhere other than America.
well...
hell yeah beeeetch let's get stoned to the bone and tweet the shit out of it.
I originally thought Heat in 5 but I'm changing it to Heat in 7
Reminder!
Brand new live tonight at 8pm PST with the always awesome !
We're tearing Tim Burton a new one!
I check my twitter and no 1 has followed me sense then.......
BOOP
sue me
Thx new followers Next week we're giving out 10 100 gift cards stay tuned
I need someone to come visit me so I can use my guest passes for Disney.
Cough cough.
I'm back to staying to myself its better that way
The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you do well; and doing well whatever you do, without a thought of fame
haha finally :p HI AMANDA!!!
:D
Had a very nice time today with ministry leaders at The Rock Church.
A group of people who truly care about others.
Thx for inspiring me!
sounds like you had a good trip!
Let's connect when you get back into ATX.
That awkward moment when your eyes meet with someone else's 
did you get my text
Don't even have the time for it...
Starting a new chapter.
Letting go of all the doctorma, all the BS, and all the hatefullness.
It feels so good to finally let go.
If u want to exp all the successespleasure in life,u have to be willing to accept all the painfailure that comes with it Mat Hoffman
blessed are those who write boring history paper and spend their weekend in the library, for theirs is good grades...
sleepy, tired, tired, sleepy...
have a great weekend rewinding !!!!
COLD ASS FUCK RITE NOW IN THE CHI.
BUT THAT'S WHAT THOSE MINKS FOR
RT this for a chance to win a ticket to on Thurs at !
The more responses  the more y'all get!
It's Ada Lovelace day.
Celebrate women in sci and tech by following this fab list of female tweeters, thx to bit.ly/qpA0c3
It was one of the last people  he didn't speak for long, but it was just a simple and effective story.
I wish I had that slide!
ItsHardTo ...
Let go of the past.....
Any last advice on your postdoc app?
Exciting position
Another awesome evening:o
Hey everybody!
In  out of the design studio  sourcing for new collection  arriving very soon in the fall  glam pieces to be spotted!
NY
We'll get Marc Summers on the horn for a consult.
Things are gonna get weird.
Back to the grid.
.
.
I can live with a productive Monday.
Gym tonight so necesary
when are you coming back here?
the accuracy of mood and situation of music on shuffle amazes me
aw I wish I could!
Maybe someday!
D
A beautiful, crisp day in New England...perfect for lovely outdoor shots.
Fall is not here.
I promise.
You had me at hello, and lost me at goodbye.
And everything in between, I guess it was a lie.
At work not feelin good at all :
Truth RT : Hard work pays off laziness will keep you broke
you're beautiful and I miss you D:
You know....I'm pretty sure a basketball player never thought about the projectile motion and velocity of his shot....Oh AP Physics
Thanks for mentioning us!
SZ
What keeps me going is goals.
Mahummaad Ali
ok bet idk what imma do im off dis weekend im fuckin wit a bottle
Okay, I'll forgive you this time.
You interrupted my morose thought...
Hold Me Like The River Jordan And I Will Then Say To Thee You Are My Friend
Saying the first and last name of the person you don't like.
Taylor: guys something is smoking..
the machine is smoking !
guy: it's a smoke machine.
Taylor: oh..
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: no accidents to report so far this morning
not that taco bell is ever a good choice for dinner, but it's currently battling it out with the run i just put it through.
i got spanked 36 46 the guy has an amazing ability to hit baseline winners!
lonely is not a good feeling sigh
Slows bbq by old Tiger stadium, great food and beer selection RT anybody know any good places to eat in Detroit?
Thank you!!!
Sheesh!
RT : wish people would stop saying was small.
He's just short.
Big difference.
Attn event planners!
Have you ever worked on a very small, intimate outdoor wedding?
20 ppl or less?
Would love to hear about it!
An injured and seemingly helpless Miami Heat try to slow the Hawks who are flying high on a 4 road game win streak tonight in Miami
currently just josh but always looking for new talent
Thanks Sis.
U have to just do it.
I lost all my numbers cuzz
Super excited to start working on project with
It's too bad that TNA does not even generate a very small fraction of today's buzz with BGF.
Just thought I'd mention that the Summer Twins album is fantastic.
sends congrats to !
SF will shine with you as CIO.
follow me please??
333 :
ty so much!
its been a long journey full of ups n down!
never gave up even when i thought i wanted to.
going to bed now!
night
I hope Scotty wins or James wins if they dont tear : ; both
Seriously!
It is a great version of the Husy, especially for people with brown hair.
I love it!
Welcome!
Has he made any new songs lately?
so do i lol
what up bro
We do handcrafted ebooks.
No commodity listings.
Original plots, unrestrained, masterfully edited.
Where reality and fiction collide.
its a marine corps term for when the Corps fucks u over
Thanks Barbie See you soon!
Me and my boo...
The little one
hoping to come to LA in May.
Will you be around rockstar?
Ah....skeet skeet skeet skeet skeet skeet!!
No way man.
Keep it popping .
Dev was just on Tinychat she's cool.
Did I miss Adam?
Could he have heard us if we live video chatted?
I always miss everything epic.
Ugh.
Of course Groupon waits till I move to DC before doing a skydiving deal.
GREAT discussion today, everyone!
6 minutes and counting.
I wish somebody would figure out a way to make espresso doctornks without the clunka clunka clunka clunka racket required.
Get out and see sky sailing and paragliding right here in ABQ.
They're all featured in See the movie, see the balloon museum!
We miss you !
FYI: While you've been trapped in Jury duty, you got a present!
Come back soon!!
whats up with the nexus2 expansion?
it was up like 2 days ago and now its gone?
cnt wait to to hear new tracks from ya
By the time this grad ceremony is over my girlfriends flowers will be dead
Instead of elections we should vote on removing words from the English language.
I am voting for removal of Like as in I was like...
Stuck in Houston airport.
I'm looking for sponsorship!!!!
Hook it up!!
The response video is pretty devastating.
.
.
Ouch.
I'd hate to work at that shitfest ESPN right now.
good morning to u to
Okay, the Google zipper doodle is cool, but it's starting to get on my nerves.
that is such a frustrating road to me.
Baltimore had such a great highway plan that just got completely tossed for politics.
hbrchat  A bizs only altruistic endeavor should be creating an employee culture that facilitates altruism
As bad as Gucci Mane sounds remember family he's still family and even a man such as himself can change and move into right knowledge.
Sunday Tardeada  Dance  just about the most fun you can have w/ your clothes on  April 17th, 48pm: lospochos.com
Thanks for following!
Econ test was a pass...ha
People, you have to lose the fat in your gut before you will notice a change in your abs.
Lucky guess!
Do you speak Spanish or Portuguese?
my 1st performance as an Actor was as a cookie in SF ballet's production of The Nutcrakcer...
yes i was adorable
Explaining your side to someone who does not want to listen and understand you is like using a pencil that was not sharpened, its pointless
Due to Hurricane Irene, Mika Tajima's artist talk at has been canceled tomorrow night!
We hope to get it rescheduled
We're way past this play, fellas.
Move on and GoPackGo!
Thanks for the retweet, ladies!
:
im good focused and ready to do this
Def Leppard on America's Got Talent....
wow they are old now
I don't care who it is, they're annoying me...
I'm trying to sleep
When God is love.
Love doesnt hurt.
If it hurts...it needs to go.
Niambi Steele
and more knit caps!
dizamn!
That's promising
Party time 
when do u get off
my heart hurts.
Who the heck reads a book and walks their dog?
have fun :P
Think ima do some push ups...
and then stop so i can look like i did way more than what really happened
Man, these little phone stores are crooks!
LOL....not that serious they taste just fine doctor
how cute.
if there was some sort of rule that made players stay for 4 years, they would be able to beat them in their senior year
They same time is money but really it's not
A resounding YES to socalled gay marriage; I happen to be in favor of marriage per se.
that would be more like we were out for dinner with a friend.
Staggering, for sure.
Hopefully this helps parents realize how important sound mechanics are to their sons.
I'm at L.A.
Fitness on Hollywood Blvd, working out before my family reunion to counter the calories of Mom and Yolanda's fabulous cooking.

by the way..
said she loved  missed you too 3 RT 3
I need a ride home....
4 fingers, neat.
Keep them coming.
there is another one in July, August, and October.
lunch presentations today: Tom Michel, SJ on MuslimChristian Relations in Turkey and Joseph Selling on the Goals of Moral Living
And now I want MORE.
So there!
Lol.
thank you hun, i made it!
:
First round losses for me, maybe next year guys?
I got this doctornk in my cup!
RT Ethics Commission votes to require parties to disclose all donors, including those who give less than 100.
ItsABootyCallWhen She Show Up In Leggings Cause You Know She Ain't Got NO FUCKING PANTIES ON!
Bingo Lol
Guy went and got himself a perm
oh srry got my days mixed up lol my bad dood and yep see you soon
My omegle froze so it's not working anymore but I guess I'll talk to you on here loll sorry!
we think you're pretty cool too!
Thanks Kristian!
I miss AZ and everyone there too!
Hi Tom!
I apparently doctorssed up as your book cover for TxLA12 yesterday.
Leslie has proof.
Whenever I hear the song Whoop that Trick I want to smash stuff.
Paul just won back some cool points
Ah Monday you came too fast!
Fear is only as deep as the mind allows.
Japanese proverb
Creative meeting with client The New EbonySteele.com is about to Launch!!!!
Sweet!
What's your favorite takeaway so far?
Listen always keep to your self ain't nothin wrong with having friends just keep your circle as small as a cheerio if smaller the better
i got 10th row for wings/kings tonight thanks to marwan.
today is christmas.
RT : far out!
He needs a WienerUp shirt!
I love me some
Despicable me and pizza whatta great Friday :
HAH, Yessir.
Call or text to order and then you can come pick up near UIC.
Im generally home 123 but Ill also tweet when Im in
Wow...
surprised, but not really.
texts wont sendd!
Missing sailor's wife and friends plead for help in finding him.
Criticize Navy for not doing enough.
SD Police also searching
I can't wait to watch!
You were cheated on the x factor.
You should have been in the finale.
:
And we can learn!
Fills my heart with absolute joy  JOY  to see the West Memphis 3 is trending and to learn why.
Justice at last?!
FF Social Media Mavens
popov is vodka, thought the large plastic bottle u were carrying around the other night was popov, pretty soft that it wasn't
NEW BLOG: Top 25 Sexual Violence Activists: A Long Walk Home
haha.
Nice :D
Its the apocalypse, last night, everyone slept for 2 years, it is now 2012.
:
there looks to be a decent happy hour from 46 at the restaurant/bar attached to Hotel Ivy.
3 beer, and not bad beer.
I think I'm gonna start using this Twitter thing more often.
walking over now
Monday tests are of the devil.
Why would y'all sign up for that??
dumbos RT : Still defrosting from jogging class
Is u still gay n scared to walk out the closet?
FF duh you fucks...that's how we're writing and demoing our new record!
Dig it.
You are in luck!
Check out the online singing academy with You'll love it!!!
i would give my left lung for some tim hortons right about now.
omg nis they got so big!
I suggest a tirade on
Curious about being Out  Abroad?
Join us tomorrow night in the Batza Room from 7:008:30 for a presentation from Prisim and OIS!
I'm following ....just for you:
Summer concerts so far for 2012: July 16th and DemiLovato August 4th!
RT RT : HealthyMasculinities via ANON: No promiscuity double standards!
The Kings are taking it to the Blues!!
Okay cool...
Personal message me
Wow Rex Ryan had liposucktion!
Good for him
.
where is this morning?
Would love to here his thoughts on this very hot topic being discussed by you all this morning.
Add Plunder Road to the list of solid crime movies that are also road movies.
wow, state investigsfedsnfl ALL coming at Saints from just about every angle.
seeing a rough season ahead for this powerhouse.
formerly?
I want to be when I grow up.
Who else would have capitalized on Charlie Sheen's meltdown to increase adoptions??
great match at SNS last night!!!
Your becoming one of my Fav's to watch for skill  technique!
I just finished the chest armor for Gordon's HEV suit today.
Got my girl friend to be Alyx Vance too.
Pics to come
Aww, was suspended?
But it was hilarious!
No fair.
what a fantastic tune mirroroflove to end the show on ....well done  lol  god1
IWantBTRAutograph please choose the 3rd winner already, i hope its me : or my other twitter page
When you type something in all caps, I think you just don't know how to fucking use fuck like FUCK was meant to be used.
Ravens vs Texans game better than I was expecting....
Choir trip tomorrow, means no spanish :3
Thanks for the birthday love, I appreciate that!
Excellent
YOU GOT IT!
:: more chris othic says tweets, please
can not run that is no space darn twitter more characters just 8 more damn you!
Resurrection Cookies and other Christcentered Easter ideas.
Gotta love
Idk how the fuck I'll survive this day
have you gotten checked out yet?
If you have perfect abs, an amazing body, and flaunt it online...don't get pissed when a Fag likes your photo lol
if shes gonna treat me like that then im gonna treat her the same way back.
Had a fun time picking cigarettes out of my yard thanks everyone 
Hippies don't keep track of time.
Had Gyro for the first time today and it was bomb
A raindoctorp falling on your cheek is like a kiss from someone that lives in heaven and is watching over you...
Miss you Tata  Abuelito 3
That is so sweet.
Take lots of pictures please!!
BTW the Entebbe Zoo is really worth checking out if you have time!
Finally got into the crow pose at yoga this morning.
Success!
5:00 AM Strength and Conditioning...
pumped!
I will have to post pics for my loyal fans after I do damage control lol
...meaning that the loud voices, people trying to be right by making others wrong  it's sick and wasteful.
Coloboma of the iris is a hole or defect of the iris of the eye.
Most colobomas are present since birth.
Canada and maybe South Africa.
Wow, USA dominating Finland now 50 in the 3rd.
Not what I expected, but great way to bounce back after that Kazakhstan game.
So, lucky!
LA is totally the best place to be to find the fame/fans you need!
Girls must be in love with you lol
remind me tomorrow to talk to you about memorial day, if you still wanna go with us!
long enough to notice yo swollen ass pancake face
Big day for the GOP!
That is so true!
sadly, the silver lining had prob been under their nose, too blind or greed for the gold to see.
I just landed in Dublin.
It is so nice how everyone greats their families at the exit.
I can't wait to walk trinity and temple bar
Ugh i dont like it, i dont feel it
thanks!
Please repost it if you have a chance.
It was so much fun, I want everyone to see it, haha.
Oh my gosh!
Shut up!
You're doctornk?
:D PLEASE tweet about it for the rest of the night.
OH and make sure to be illiterate too, k?
.
help with a show there!
wishing life could just come with directions...
Yall bitches not bad with beauty supply store sandals on..
they have nothing else to do
Thanks, Fred!
Look forward to seeing you!
Its official I'm tired and cranky...
Lol.
You should do it!
I was afraid to do it, but I did it  ended up on his show!
I think you should try!
:
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
Let's keep up with this one shall we?
Practice makes perfect.....
Working on my left hand....
POOF!!!!!!
DASER Rothenberg the best example of camoflauge are cuttlefish.
agree.
go to the tupelo honey cafe.
yum!
how r u?
that rondo just got burned
Alex Got This Ugly Hoe On His TL Too Smhhh
All i need is my music
We could always use both or change it up depending on the context.
I searched vivi and it looks like a lot of Spanish speakers
I will just will win just wait and see
its k
I'm gonna be so sleepy tomorrow at work.
.
Finally turned everything off and getting some shuteye  GN TweetHearts 
Milan blew it from very START of season, no decent result against any top opposition in Lge, major injuries worse than UTD easily
I hate when people don't know their networks.
It is the fastest way for me to tune out.
Pitch me on Linked In and I will report you as spam.
Hey love please follow , for all of the behind the scenes of me;
See you in 30 minutes friends.
: 8:05 start time
The little unremembered acts of kindness and love are the best parts of a person's life.
William Wordsworth
I agree with punduts who say this won't sway many voters one way or another.
Big Guy made the right call.
Can I get a what what
okay, okay, sorry :P
he probably grew meth
please reply I know you have met keone young my dad is friends with him : and can't wait for that episode btw :D
Well, not single anymore
stay fresh
: Game postponed.
Single admission DH tomorrow.
Who's coming to watch the boys play 2?!
ALotOfBaseball I will doctorp bye.
I still don't understand how these women on Maury can be a million percent sure he's the father...
And he's still not.
thanks!
good news, auditions will be announced soon!
youknowitsfinalsweek when you don't see your friends because they're finally studying for once...
Preachin to the choir...ya live ya learn, doesn't mean the realization doesn't suck any worse.
I question 'truth' only in the context of the many voices that remain marginalized/absent in social media, archivemaking, museums ...
doctornk txts from the ex on a sunday 
hm well look at DT hes DT haha :D ill think of a nickname for u!
Just gave in to twitter, meaning a little bit more privacy just flew out the window.
At least it went willingly...
Doing my sisters Make up for her 8th grade Prom WingingIt lmao insider with
The movie Haywire looks really good
You have been assimilated.
are you considering US applicants?
Have you heard of ??
He's one of my favorites and ACTUALLY writes his own music and is going places :D
Formulas are great, but you have to be creative with them and know when to break away from them.
lmao sorry  will come on more then :P
it's okay baby I love you so much i miss you and me and Emma will be asleep when u come love you baby kisses 
LABJ Circ Dept is hiring a New Business Dev Rep.
Great opp for recent college grad or 12 yrs exp.
New EP is available for digital download on www.adamevolving.com on the merch page!!!
Spread the word!!!!!!
Awesome meeting with today  watch out
Why is brown rice so gummy?
: 
Showing staff wordpress
Pah!
Not fair.
So..
if I had a question about your site where would I email?
;
I saw your post about Danny!
Ohemgee!!!3
SURF Report: Pacific Beach 34 ft  waist to shoulder high POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
my neighbor's dogs won't stfu, I'm about to go crazy .
Every time I think about you I get chills everywhere
You have done a great job as miss Venezuela!Congratulations!
holiday greetings to you and yours!
RT if u ever seen the show Kenen and Kel its so funny
baby i found an xbox and i put batteries in it so fabian can play and stuff ur welcome hey now we can play together 3
Cause of Death: Failure to Keep it Real
r u serious???!!!!
WOw LOVE you cuz
Off to bed, didnt make the 800...
who knows what will happen whilst I sleep?
yes u can.
Yep we went there last July.
Had the Kolsch.
What if there were no hypotheticals or similes?
That would be like...
dear I loved having ya'll here in austin but please go home now.
I'm done.
Thanks.
answered again
Sorry, I ran out of lighter several semesters ago.
Thank you!
Will we see you guys on the list next year?
goin to Calyle house till later.
You?
have an ?
hate when it corrects SO to DO all the time?
go to keyboard shortcuts and make one that is SO and the shortcut is SO 
u go girl lol
now they trying some reverse psychology BS on me hahaha
Sunday roast at the queen vic today.....yum!
sweet bro: help us spread the word!!:
Food, is calling me.
12 days of school left.
yayy:
oh sorry!
no tv!
but fantastic happy hour and prime location.
:
Just realized that Brew's twitter is actually Sorry for making you follow a random dude.
is excited for the possibilities of the day.
Happy Friday!
ThingsIDislike LIE'S!!!!
just found your iPad video on youtube  great work!
will share with my teachers!
doctorsses with elastic waste bands are NEVER look good on.
They look cute on the hanger, but then you put them on and BAM...Frumpy
DO!
Is the side im on.
Lol
If you're not already, give a follow right now as he tweets exclusive images from the new BBVA Compass Stadium.
goodlookin yo, i just been busy dawggg strugglin gotta do good in school, but im out of school now so pressures off especially
Bring out your inner sparkle!
First Lost in Space, now Stargate.
It's like every awesome movie from when I was a kid is on tv this morning.
What's next, Waterworld??
It was great Brett...so was the Wurst Times bratfest...
Really smart girls open books, easy girls open their legs and girls like me open their hearts to easily.
ineedtostop following : I just kissed my dog on his penis for practice in case the NY Senate forces us all to marry animals next
Just always always always use a chain lock.
The steering column locks too, so sometimes we just lock that, but NEVER AGAIN.
June 1st!
If you already won, you'll be reinvited.
RT : when's Chris rene coming?????
I wanna know!!!!
Alfred North Whitehead The vitality of thought is in adventure.
Ideas wont keep.
Something must be done about them.
Beautiful day in Austin for a run !
check out the Dallas Mavs site.
They make themselves open on Twitter.
That awkward moment when you run into your Sunday School teacher from years and years ago.
Oh how things have changed...
Hahaha
Take it easy on TP Pop.
Seems guards are getting hit with the injury bug so far in the playoffs.
So happy I started watching upallnight so my life!
Thanks for telling my story!
76 DAYS UNTIL WARPED TOUR!
nice and simple is always good.
: and peta sounds lovely lol : one gansterr peter
Complimentary entertainment with Rich Hill on piano this Sunday night  2/5/2012 from 710pm
one night when he was cutting the patties, IT HAPPENED.
good old days when AOL was the shit...
Before using Twitter, I always assumed it was a more obnoxious Facebook.
Then I noticed the lack of baby photos.
Advantage Twitter.
hey gurlfrann: i love you!
if you called me i think i would cry!
do it up!
9728159498
Avengers was pretty awesome, this year has been filled with great movies so far.
damn!
Biggest star fucker ever!
Thanks.
Washington phili Nj and Ottawa
I don't doubt that...
golf, shmolf.
have fun tho!
WOO freaking HOO we reached 100 followers !: awesome !
can I get a AMEN
Wait nope 1000 ways to die then Keith
Headed to the Celebration Theatre for the FREE reading of Better is the Man.
Go.
You'll be a better man!
The Nathan HPL 020 is what I use and love it.
Super light and comfy for runs of all distances.
at sor SXSW :: fusion rock in the glow of stained glass, otherworldly
My local grocery store uses 4 checkouts.
Unless it's really busy then they use 1.
SAUCE!
RT Sick sauce!
Two play auditions last week, two callbacks this week!
Haven't heard about the pilot yet...I'd love to go 3 for 3!
I biked so much that it hurts to walk
Morning!
Happy Mom's Day to all the Moms and all those who fill that role!
Have a great day!
They are all true to size.
They are a nice fit
I will be on a flight.
Delonte!?!
Gotta get my gogoinflight!
money in my hands that I'd like to blow.
That's how my trips to Vegas start.
good doing hw, you?
Cherish everyday like its ur last bc we only have one life
Enjoy!
Thanks again for using ShowClix :
good morning to ll hope your having a blessed day.
Summer classes have ended, which also means our summer hours have changed to MF 86 and Sat 15.
swagfail colorful rain boots  with no rain people kill me
I wonder what would want me to sing at karaoke?...
Nice shot of Vista Bridge through an office window during last week's episode!
Made me think of
What's your favorite hair product?

Got a shout out on the Nick and Artie Show tonight!!
Well deserved...best analyst on TV
let's hope they can rebound after this rough loss...in the meantime it's time for some
I hate how when people come over my mom expects me to go out and say hi.
NO THANKS
Getting settled in is fun stuff :
nice.thanks3
SteelerNation stand up!!!!!
It would be awesome if the D3 beta worked.
When I Break Up Wit A girl or She Break Up Wit Me ,, I Always Bounce Back The Same Day ahah NoFeelingsForALameBitch aahha
freedom is such a sweet thing.
Need you guys to check out you won't regret he's a very talented artist
yeah your time to get 9!
who wants to give me ah shoutout ill give one back :
If I can't have you I don't want nobody else baby.
QUOTE  Worry is like a rocking chair: It gives you something to do but never gets you anywhere.
Erma Bombeck.
RT : I can't stand Eric Cantor.
I hate his face.
I want to give him an atomic wedgie/ his face is like he's getting a wedgie!
zoom zoom zoom!!!!
Contact for info on bellydance wkshp  to perform in Les Folies Intoxique show!
will see you there!
I got a perfect 450 on the math part of the cahsee, wooopwoop  Check me tf out 
I'm changing the way I look at things so the things I look at will change..
I refuse to be an old bitter woman!
I need to catch up with you on the food, ha ha!
Yes, let's definitely meet up again soon, it's been too long!
:
can I b your valentine
The height of cleverness is to be able to conceal it.
Excellent news.
Maybe not for my productivity but still good.
...
and Good Night to you mister.
Calabash, wherever you are.
Ok, that might make sense.
I grew up with a Harlequin Dane mix, one of the sweetest dogs ever.
headed to the movies with vaness
ah, man!
I wish I was there.
Just finished filming.
Getting ready for Wrestlemania party now.
So Kool and The Gang just opened for Van Halen.
Is Kool really the last original member?
How was everybodys long weekend?
you are now watching the throne, don't let me get in my zone...
Follow and for updates on Personalized Medicine and DNA Sequencing at MCW
Happy Easter!!
ZUZU is OPEN!!
Begin this day with a fresh approach.
8:00am  4:00pm today
grow some tits then talk to mee.
Hey Terps, if you didn't know yet Noam Chomsky is speaking at 4:30 today at Stamp in the Grand Ballroom!
Be there or be
had a blast y'all!
Cool group!
I LOVE Becky Jackson!
In Norfolk for Virginian Railway research.
Lots of railroadoctorlated appointments.
Winners do what losers wont do Winning!!
I'm breaking out from all this stress of AP testing.
I hate this.
i wish you the best of luck then you go kickin clubs on me..
c'monman
Wats so hard about telling the truth?
what does tcoc mean??
Day 2 of training for 2013 BrewersFantasyCamp complete.
Got back at the weights, working on my rotator cuffs.
Feels good!
RT : This is how life should be.
All about happiness.
WE AGREE!
MobWivesyes agree!
Still going to be able to make it Saturday?
:
OFWGKTA will always have a special place in my heart.
New Sascha Cohen movie.
Theories?
Dallas is weird because it's obsessed with waterhave you seen all the fountains?
Esp.
Fountain square ...
who's idea was this?
FF: : Coming together to support our military families.
Happy Veterans Day, everyone, and thanks to all who have served.
Phone on silent, finna take a nap.
The will be running through Better Block OKC this Saturday!
Come cheer on the runners and hit up Better Block!
Only way this game would b better is if the White Mamba was active.
RT : Jay Cutler thinks D Wades body language stinks
Can men join curves I wanna lose 20 lbs in 90 days?
: He's the black guy in this XMen ripoff movie.
WHERESWALLACE WHERETHEFUCKISWALLACE
just gave you some LOVE, whatch those likes go up
I'm heartbroken over the loss of Ms.
Whitney Houston : RIP.
You, your music  voice will never be forgotten.
Condolences to her family.
Lulz.
RT : Flyers fans are confused at Jagr's desire to test the open martket?
Have they been paying attention to anything?
Finally  officially done with the semester.
doctorma free I wish I'm like a magnet for it Even when I'm sat twiddling my thumbs my phone still get hit with some mess so I welcome it now
come to Los Angeles California to visit me!
lol
And now I have to go to the one on Highway 100 because I don't want to be anywhere near Miller Park bo
followed  love u too miss u more
I'm confused when people offer marketbased systems as solution for NTTFaculty.
Seems that's what we have!
Not working!
sorry to hear your story.
What we can do is help recognize and spread the word on the great innovations happening in our state
i just screamed my heart out just watching interview  jayy looks badass like always.
i love them :
What is your 1 2012 goal?
I may be there too.
I'll let you know if I am.
The guys were so good tonight!
Something to Burn and My Mind are now up on Myspace.
We think?
You never know nowadays.
How the mighty have fallen.
Hungarian Sausage today!
Tasty!
I Got my Flu shot today : it was really funyyyy ;
Just follows a ton of people.
please follow back and check out 's music:!
Exactly the question I'm curious about.
Plus it bleeds off some of the SRS BZNS; important given the topic of Games  Academia.
Mark Kotsay has a chance for another game winner
oh idk..
We will probably be out a little later than u want
Got in a 3AM, not yet recovered from the Mall of America
Time for some country slow downs  a bed.
sleepy goodnighttweet 
RT : Planting a lime tree in honor of gartending , I think the theme of ths year's IGC tweet up shld be
cough cough.
I have a head ache and cramps.
:
Woo!
Now hurry up  get Jumping Trains out, I need more song titles giirl!
RT : love the article bestie!
;
Wedding invitations, shipping labels and stamps do not mix well with production to do lists.
awkward moment when your friend and you are planning to doctorve down to see christian..but then realize were not on spring break but he is
A Bold New Way to Advertise Your Business!A Bold New Way to Fund  Your Cause!
love me some Rick Allen!
don't give up!!!
You can do it!!!
Stay distracted.
:
1 month and 16 days until I report to the MTC
RT Horrible what's happening in Japan.
You can text REDCROSS to 90999 to send 10 to relief efforts.
Thoughts and prayers.
Getting excited for Opening Day.
Big question: mustard ketchup or relish?
Do know it all gets washed down with a Natty Boh, though!
Hope you friends and family are well in the midst of all this craziness going on back home.
Always remember what go's around comes around so be careful what you do cause it dose come back on you
Time for pilates.
you are not alone.
I want to sing that to you like MJ.
but for real, sending antistress love!
If U have veggies growing inside rubber containers, they were probably protected fr last nite's East Coast frost.
Rubber holds heat longer.
trumpets!
Top hat must not win.
Poor James...he used to be called a fatso in school!
Fork you haters!
Im getting it chick lol
You'd think they would fall over due to the odd weight distribution.
Bauble boobs, anyone?
Anyone...
Lol You silly but Really considering it
Their zingers crack me up!
Who writes this stuff.
Texas Chainsaw Massacre will always be one of my favorite movies.
Judge me.
thanks for the FF shoutout!
hope to see you at FPAC20!
Excellent cause!
In line with Dario's keynote yesterday; feels good to make a difference!
minus that hastag
STOP BEING A WIMP SOLDIER AND EAT THE DAMN STUFF!
lol pls so i dont have to look at it!
cool, i'll try to make it down there soon!
thanks for letting me know
that's our thing 3 ;
that's 850,000, more than enough to open the pools.
Oh well...
So happy I don't have work tomorrow night so I can watch the season finale of Californication!
Hank Moody is my main man
why thank you :p
Gurrl, you tell me when.
I'm in the same place 5Days a week.
Cheese date!!!
lol yea u might need a bottle for the room
Remember people: don't illegally download movies.
It makes George clooney sad.
Like, I don't want bang my model gf in my infinity pool sad
Harvard Stadium?
Christmas Day I'm volunteering to give out presents to kids who are in need and meals to less fortunate families :
way to go on winning best branded social media campaign!
My last tweet is amusing if you're into timetravel paradoxes.
If not, just scroll past me.
This year's NHL playoffs are definitely not as much fun as last year's playoffs.
Tough series for the defending champs.
Off to pregame then concert.
Can't wait perfect night to rock out to some country music!!!
Great presentation at VAIS today!
Thanks.
Looking forward to exploring your recommended online resources.
ok pretty
Please be sharing the event.
April 21 is almost here.
wow 2000 already!
its a huge hit!!!
I want you to produce a song for me.
Reverbnation.com/mahigatomusic
GREE buys Funzio for 210 Mil.
The big socialmobile game platforms continue to roll up key app developers to expand their portfolios.
Good morning guys and gals!
We hope your day has started wonderful.
The Cathy comic is the women's equivalent to country  ...eventually every man will grow old enough to enjoy country music.
Just passed Ridge Wilson in the mall exchanging dat.
Hm
I wish we could meet this week.
I am a fan yet couldn't attend ASTD this year.
Enjoy our fair city and fun weather.
mark
Hey , what about having a more robust tree trimming program?
an presentation!
Wish me luck!
:
prob not  i forgot it was this wk  have a bunch is meetings  have fun  maybe a happy hour again sometime?
: Justin  Beliebers FTW ..
so my mom gave me this Calvin Klein body lotion that she's had  i put it on...
not gonna lie, it smells like old lady
stubhub is selling for reasonable
Happy Birthday to mister UrbanLasVegas himself!!
We exist because he believes.
Thank you John
just did!:
I have no idea...
U were saying 30 so I was just giving you a better price with 40!
100 seems like an ok bet IMO
yes!
In the sky box!
I blame the headache on sparkly purple hat.
We had it too.
tell her I said hey
Was wondering if there is an easy way to find and remove duplicately saved articles in Instapaper including in diff.
folders?
oKaY, iLL TrY t0 QUiT.
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Taking a silent moment in my studio before beginning work to summon the creative energy and ask myself, what do you want to say with music?
why do ppl who hate textn tweet???
i count for 87000 people..
So i can help you to the 200k :
wondering about spam crap on here, just deleted a few that wanted to follow me, and they were all about sex, gotta be porn hackers
Ok.
Will do.
Sorry mate.
2 nashville boys have cds that doctorpped today!!
and , get some!!!!
U know u won't be disappointed!!
Find Us at Booth 518!
RT ICSC ChiDM is next week, who is coming?
Q: What's the height of conceit?
A: Having an orgasm and calling out your own name.
Some people...
is there a scheduled power outage occurring may 13 3:25 am?
My goal of not over committing myself has, yet again, failed miserably
what you talking bout J
4/20 is ep 419 of Fringe.
4/20 is also a great day to get high.Whether or not you do it during Ep 419 is your biz, but make sure you watch.
this will happen to me.
RT 1.5 years after getting my MA, I still seek out sources that I could have used in my thesis.
yea i was a whole half hour late on my tweets but i just went in!
oke lol
um, awesome!
Definitely consider adopting from a rescue, totally worth it.
just picked up cosmo mag with on the cover...
LOVE IT
Now Justin Bieber has to follow Tony and Jordis.
He doesn't stand a chance at being as awesome.
is a good friend of mine.
Runner/triathlete and reporter for Buffalo News, covers Bisons and loads of other sports.
Tonight at 7 at the Alley we'll be playin a FREE rock show!
Come out and enjoy yourself!
sorry love not sure what happened there we refollowed :
Text me
When I'm on vacation who will water the aquaman?
no one can roll over the top of a slider away like Andoctorw!
My friend Derek is a Sports Director there now.
I'll ask!
Motivation to knocking out this paper is my mother and spending time with the rest of my family tomorrow.
I was here first.
getting better everyday.
Thanks sisterwife
of course I remember you: how are you on this fine day lol?
Once again the horse industry in KY gets the rug pulled out from underneath it while other states are taking our horses, horsemen and farms!
you never sent me those american government vocab words!
oh no :/ good luck with that.
I say get an iPhone
thanks boo
Statistically, burglaries occur every 30 seconds throughout the USA.
Fresh Cut 
Fellow Democrats education of all forms is important to our youth.Don't brainwash like the GOP does,let them make informed decisions.
Good morning
Thanks for the follow.
I must check your place out soon
I'm trying to determine a way to check those tweets against all the papers I've submitted between 11pm  7am.
Hey NTTFaculty tweeters?
Finals week, so limited time on Twitter.
What am I missing?
Thats want i was saying when i was voting TeamMindless can not let this happen.
Have you picked up the new ?
What about ?
What did you think?
Wishing my awesome husband a Happy Birthday.
Make his day perfect  give him a shoutout.
The Longest Freakin Game EVER !!!
.
I want to achieve my doctoram says the kid ....teacher replies you dnt have a doctoram..o walk in and go ninja on her..lol jk
chances are I was probably too doctornk last night.
Down below they spot small floating icebergs and they know that there will be no turning back.Colum McCann's Transatlantic in TNY 4/9.
jealous!
Real ARC?
ugh bored today is boring haha ima call angel back to see wat she's up to!?!?!?!
:/
what you said to Bobby.
About his spelling.
I luv the source code
Please tell me why my car is the front yard?
My own worst enemy  Lit
Working towards the weekend  starting it off with a gallery opening  Jennifer Main's new gallery in Las Vegas.
whoever it was...kill them for me...im sick.
I'm trying action method now.
I'm as particular as you are.
I look forward to it!
I saw no previous tweet, nor did the CIA, Scotland Yard or the KGB!
Over 600K followeres and still growing : you're fans really love you 3
You know you have a sad life when you fall asleep on the couch watching say yes to the doctorss on a friday night.
tonight you should be going to Hyde, 1Oak, Lavo and Chateau if your sticking to industry nights lol
Today is the international Day against Homophobia and Transphobia
My Emisterdoes the same MT My ins.co uses a secure email system.
Notifies you of a message,  u log in to view it.
I know I'm a grown man but I wish my childhood would have been better maybe I would have made better choices.
other than ThePrincessBride, MP is Satan.
Follow for RRtheatre to begin at 8 pm central.
Morning!
Good news!
Now, in addition to the kindle versions, my paperbacks are available in all of Europe!
send an email with resource info: thanks!
I remember years ago when  I had a shared bep account called DollyPartonFan.
LMFAAAOOO
need a follow back
RT : tweeps please welcome !
Reporting live from SCC at the Grand Ave Lounge!
sorrrryy, it skells like eggs and fucked up cheese
Zac and Miri make a porno is on YES.
Underrated movie right there
Hi, Patty!
.
No, noshared governance is lovely.
Just more work than Dave was letting on!
:
yea she is on her Dora da explorer status
Badger football big win over Gophers.
Now it's time to see if the boys on ice can make it a great weekend.
Good morning DALLAS is trending, come party with us at BlacklightPartyOct22 w/ at the Main Event Centerget your tix
Zero OJ in Walker Bros?
I call shenanigans.
I will still send you the link if you want me to.
next year we make that field goal...
Sorry, it all happened pretty fast, tried to let everyone know.
Thx for the kind words, we'll always have Hotdog Plays of the Week
Thanks for the RT!
I call bullshit on the rumor about Harry playing a part as Mick Jagger in a movie hahaha okay not even possible
I was wondering.
Don't you have, like, a show to make, and stuff?
Congratulations!
I know you're going to do an amazing job!
Can't wait to see what projects come out of the mind of RJ lol
omg you so lucky!!
I'm jealous have fun!!:D
homeless ;p Buuutttt if we can find out their hotel that would make me happy :D
We are shredding today!
How Do Australian Electricity Prices Vary?
lol that sucks.
I just don't want to pay after 30 days, and I know to take the card off but I'm afraid I'll forget.
Fuck study hall is boring
Thanks for the RT's!
Happy sunny Friday!
Seniors aren't the leaders of yesterday, but the leaders of today too.
Let's work towards Intergenerational leadership!
Hoping Stephan Lichtsteiner, defender for is doing ok.
Oh, well still.
lol
the NBA, NFL, MLB, or NHL.
Spend most of my time following soccer.
ImHappyWhen I SEE MY GRANDPARENT'S..
Hey Madswag.
Would ya please follow me?
:3
Well said!!
MOGUL MARATHON...
thank you!
weird sisters indeed.
so not a fan!
With DCU after??
you can go with this, you can go with that.
We will go with sushi  sashimi platter and mojito tonight.
Extra wasabi paaaaleease!
Trying out TweetDeck this morning.
Seesmic was a great app, but it lacked some key features.
TweetDeck is just as nice and FULLY loaded!
But where I'm at now.
Can't be any Happier
Don't ever judge a book by it's cover, becaue looks can be decieving.
3
RT Leo thinks they are a lover and not a fighter but that's wrong: they fight with passion to defend and advance their cause.
Twitch  Sasha like boss on boss!
some1 told me is releasing a sex tape.
That seems odd she is releasing her own tape?
I'm confused but kinda curious 2 C it.
S.
Hildoctorth of : DPLA to Start small  but go big.
We just got our 100th follower!
Thank you We're following you back
it would be weird if you sent me a normal one haha
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
Made back to HOUSTON...
We have a winner!
Thanks for playing our third anniversary trivia, everyone.
RT : Carrots, potatoes and onions?
Looking forward to seeing a demo of the product!
Private party sun...
that awkward moment when a sentence doesnt end the way you should press my follow button
You'll be fine.
I promise
Aw that's cool you look mostly Mexican though my grandmother was black mexican and native Indian American on my dad s
SHE GOT HA HEAD DOWN AND SHE doctorPPiN iT Plies;
Can't sit still today.
Lot's going on!
your Mother would say the same thing about being retired  freedom to choose how you spend all your time is harder than many think
Don't be distracted by criticism.
Remember the only taste of success some people have is when they take a bite out of you.in
Chad is playing great and we have got to go out there and play well.
On this golf course, anything can happen  Tiger Woods
LOL of course!
and Good Morning to ya.
better.
At least you're in left field  right field SRO are really crappy
NATO intervention on behalf of freedom and human rights was vindicated today.
ATT: All Slick Living apparel Tshirt will be shipping within next week.
RT
so frusterated, tired, and worn out.
Danica Patrick wrecked.
Longer hair  muggy DC weather  rb wanting to shave it all off.
Thoughts?
Y/Y?
:p
For whatever reason, the spelling of the word errands pisses me off.
Currently running aaronds.
RT if your one of the few who has NOT been spreading the rumors about , but SUPPORTING him?
:
I wrote wroth in my last tweet :3 worth.
This guy...
SMH
need to catch up...
Who are we rooting for??
there are alot of movies casting in Louisiana!!!
my agent is calling lets see what he got for me !!!
Pop Quiz: Contrary to popular belief bones aren't the only kind of fossils.
What other kinds of fossils are there BESIDES bones?
I'll take you to the ball, I hope you're not too tall.
IndeedI'm always on the lookout for observations that might inspire some additional evidence gathering on our part.
what it do do what's your name new friend
I love rihanna I can't wait till her concert I'm bim!!!
:.
I dont understand why people r critical of Larry Brown getting job at SMU.
Who would you of hired instead?
Is my question of the day....
Venue Meeting for the show.
::
GO!SPURS!GO!!
thanks for coming out to Flight For A Cure today.
It was fun hanging with you man...
What car did you bring over again?
Pace is the trick
Mixed salad of fear, regret, despair, hope, and love...with a couple of happy croutons.
Practise what you know, and it will help to make clear what now you do not knowRembrandt...www.itsartnotstuff.com
Most definite I remembered Just To Get A Rep and Lovesick the first time I heard them word 4 word .Definitely an influence.
She has such a great smile.
: I love when she gets to deploy it on the show.
going tanning in the back yard...
Phoenix is the best place for this sport to take place
yea I dnt be on here like that...
Great set.
Great meeting you.
I'm in NYC for a couple more days.
Are you doing any more shows here?
In the AM a 70 guy on a razor scooter.
In the PM a woman commuting home on rollerblades with her CSA box in hand.
MUNI alternatives
Ok the game was over an hour ago stfu
Apparently the groundhog saw his shadow.
Six more weeks of winter my ass.
GroundhogDay is bull!
Nice how this is the warmest winter ever!
Buzzword alert: I heard universal commerce thrown around at a recent CIO event I attended.
you really cantantantant.
; holy shit i just realized something...
no matter what mood your in, you always have pants on.
if you're bored, check out my new twitter background: boy on left, Western Civ on right.
my sympathies.
I've been there, paid the price.
Definitely not fun.
Naps for everyone today?
Good luck.
I miss you BIG
what should i say in reply to whats up seriously tell me whats up!!
Job applications???
My job makes me want to doctornk!!!
soo excited can't wait!!
Love you all!: 3
....paperweight not only in weight but performance.
It's like Apple's Ive recently stated that competitors compete on wrong points
oh.
Omg I like to listen to their accents.
I almost done with my prospectus, and by almost done I mean scrambling to write something passable.
Merry Christmas everybody!!!
As long as we have faith in Cody, he'll go far :D
did...
you eat it delanie?
ewwwwww you cat poop eater!
tonight, pre playboy mansion event!
Tons of bdays!
Hit me up for guest list!
I really want to read your book!!
I may have to just get it!!!
Padmapper app is great
Good read although still hard to fully immerse oneself in the program and interact.
I use my iphone to find more broad info
Happy Valentines day!
About to go hunt for and shoot down the cupid!
Thank you for the amazing blog feature on FollowFriday!
Come get that green doctorss!
thanks!
We are in first place now!
Im really happy Directioners from different countries dont have this problem watch directioners that are mad are going to kiss and make up
in this video on fuse tho...
regular domestic short hair.
Presenting an enclosure design
I wish I wasn't awkward, my love life would be so much better.
I took the picture, but I can't take credit for the graffiti.
I love it, though.
: Man get ya money  stop being mad for nutin.
U chose this life Ain't nobody mad on check day
people are wrapping presents in the lactation room 
outside naked
In the crease again tonight!
: YAY
shes look like a pancake.
lmao !
Nice work!
Few agencies will actually take people somewhere for services/documents.
We believe transportation is essential.
And we've reached the point in the program when Phyllis Kahn takes the stage.
JuicyENT  Meek Mill is about to be too fun at the longbranch !!
Now booking weddings and events at Mount Airy as well as guided waterfowl and big game hunts!
Pressure cooker
Cole never finishes!
If you can't appreciate what you have got then get what you appreciate.
Looking forward to speaking at Grimm  Parker Architects Calverton office today at noon!
okay okay!
Don't ask why bitch, ask why not.
Film 3 America's Surrogate Mothers now playing!
Follow the best DJ ever
Still looking for Associate Search Directors in the NYC area.
SEO or PPC, if you're interested let me know!
831 means I love you.
Eight letters, three words, one meaning.
sigh Yes, I'm at The Hunger Games on opening night.
Procrastination Is The Evil One.
Just spent two hours on the best bday present ever
My doctoram job: Making can opener, garbage truck engine sounds  etc, like the skinny black guy from Police Academy.
We're about to open the exhibit hall at urjbiennial.
Stop by JPS booth 111 as you make your way through!
Well, there's that ...
and the fact that you're in your 40s now.
Let's be real.
:P
FF  He only needs 4 more left.
Tell your horror loving friends!!
RT : Be Remarkable!
Be ReTweetable!
Good morning everyone...Happy Friday :
everybody makes mistakes
I told her she don't have to, but she probably will cause I'm her baby lol.
I hate him anyways, so I don't really care.
I really love getting off the bus and walking down my complex in weather that you need a boat to get through....
I used to eat a lot of natural foods until I learned that most people die of natural causes.
Anonymous
Lesson: Do not tweet voting results late night.
b/c whatisthisringouspeakof makes no sense.
whatisthisringyouspeakof is.
right?
' I'll Have Another ' won the KentuckyDerby ....
that should have been a no brainer for me to bet ...
WTF was I thinkin ???
your pretty
Everything is falling into place for our first season!
Check out www.12peerstheater.org for more information!
i hate life.
okay bye.
spot on.
she's reviewing my audition tape.
I love it way better when im with my brother I get to go out and have fun.
But when mom comes and gets me i get to hear her bitch
Favorite part about Sundays?
Is it a good thannng or bad thanng?
:x
just decided i need to go to the hole in the wall tonight.
yep.
....Dave followed me.
Hi Dave.
ThatAwkwardMoment when my mom talks to my step sister about my dad  her moms divorce ..
Three solutions to every problem : Accept it, change it or leave it.
If u cant accept it, change it.
If u cant change it, leave it.
haha!
thanks for the comment on my camping post.
yes, we shall eat like KINGS!
: lisa
I'm hungry fuck this shit 
Grading papers at the beach while ogling my sweetie in the surf.
This.
This is the proverbial life.
They say that alcohol kills slowly.
So what?
Who's in a hurry?
love your voice!
Keep it up :
Liar?
I've got to take a break, to be honest.
I'm not even going to lie.
Puff Daddy
But I love my doggies, despite the fact that they doctorve me crazy :
last night...new favorite spot for a doctornk in the Ukrainian Village!
thanks so much :
I don't think will ever follow me.
Please Robert3 I love youu!!!
Nah.
The next few years.
Dumb trade.
RT : Said one Warriors player: So we're just giving up on the season?
Good morning thank god for another day
What is the time counter on a video called?
What is the term used?
Ah that's my friend's mom on RockCenter!
Love the Angelo's coverage too.
What I wouldn't give for a plate of gravy fries!!!!
Good luck!
Now we've got a game worth watching!
All Rockets fans should check 's stream over the last couple of hours.
Nails it as usual.
I think they just switched the twins lol
At BattleofAtlanta 43 June 17 we're hosting an InHand Marketing Seminar for our friends; see www.battleofatlanta.info for details!
you are so awesome!!!
ETHEL's CD relase at Joe's Pub was great!
DeadlyTermsUsedByaWomen WOW: bonus word, This is NOT a compliment, she is amazed that one person can be so stupid.
First day at work for my new job.
Wish me luck.
I think you mean 22 cash games not 35
CODY IS BOSS !
hi Keith!!
I'm well thanks!!
You?!
It's a wet sloppy mess out there!!
Forgetting your headphones is probably one of the worst things to do.
will you be in Az next weekend?
Ladies, dont ever try to get a taken man to cheat.
Cause if he does cheat on her for you, hell cheat on you for another girl too.
Obviously being employed is important but does the major hold the key to success/happiness?
haha see I was right, I knew he said it
NFL getting what it wants, people going overboard, they'll say we tried safer on head injuries but union, fans media fight back
Headed to Vegas for the weekend, let's party?
I would hate to have Jesses mom ,
ive got boots and she got wings im hell on wheels and shes heavenly id die for her and she lives for me
Great second half effort helps proprell us to a 92 to 69 win over Methodist.
Got a quick turn around on Sunday againist Kenyon.
letsgo 20
i am asking for prayer for my son jesse his in jail but i now he needs jesus please lift him up in prayer thank u frome my hert

follow them, follow back instantly!
who else wants a shoutout?
pretentious.??
This from someone who follows Bill Mahr?
We'll stay tuned.
Have an awesome week.
Peace.
it does.
It really does...he has been up since 2 am and can't keep anything down and is too weak to sit up.
It sucks 
Today's article will be another awesome indie artist.
Check www.thevinyldistrict.com/Chicago to check it out.
Spoiler Alert: he's awesome.
SVEUM hits a doctorve to right center and deep!
GET UP!
Get up and get outta here GONE!
A solo homer for Sveum and it's 10 Crew!
I played the Big Gamer on Campus Instant Win Game  Sweepstakes for a chance to score big prizes!
Check it out www.biggameroncampus.com
good god!
so violent!
when do you plan on coming back to the ?
I was going to post something intellegent, but considering how my brain is still trying to wrap itself around my schedule: BRAAAAAAAAAIIINS!
So scared for tomorrow hurricane Irene will come to newyork city cause my dad just came back from bjs and got......
Forrest tho I got so bitchy this year.
Rare day off with , birthday breakfast with friends.
What to do after that's the ?
Dear Fairy Godmother: wine massage cabanaboy sunshine needed
Chapter 2012 Page 123 of 366 Praising Him in advance is easier said than done.
one man's reeking...
How'd you know I was talking about you?
hee hee.
I kid!
Just kidding, I'm not kidding, I was totally talking about you.
;
I'm Focus Man!!!
Just joined wrongplanet.com as a Neurotypical I'm the outsider this time!
Hoping to learn tons from the network!
we'll pass on the good words to Perry for ya
I agree.
Yard sales, flea mkts, estate sales  Heaven
today?
Or do I need to come pick it up?
: Playing in the dirt again?
Have you read the transcripts or listened to the oral arguments today?
Feel free to sound off
one hour massage at the chiropractors?
yes please .
I'm gonna enjoy this 
Back in Northwoods after two weeks away.
Trees leafingout.
Woods a bright spring green under cloudstreaked sky.
Cowbirds gurgling.
47 deg.
You are right Mike....The Admirals desperately need these 2 points vs.
RF....Good luck to one of my fav Badgers!
They send cards, flowers, candy, diamondssomething to show love on this special day
Keep it 
A big shout out to Donald Trump  Michael Cohen for overturning petty prejudices that get in the way of Peace and Harmony!
I'm getting my sides shaved this week.
I need a new change.
No problem phrat!
Health care faces extreme austerity measures  Ottawa Citizen
My whole life comes to a stand still when my thyroid becomes unbalanced severe fatigue hot flashes
The Girl I Love She Got Long  Led Zeppelin
I'm on some keep ur thoughts an ur feelings BITCH U Don't NO ME...
i must say, i wrote a killer hook....
// I am!
I started working at Creature in Jan.
I hope to meet you soon
did you make it okay?
Wha?!?
Going there tomorrow!
:
Had a nice evening with the boys at Leducs.
How else was I suppose to carry a gun without being hounded by the cops, despite having been arrested almost six times at that point..
thanks!
haha.
I'm wide awake  I have to get up in two hours for school :O
RT : Congrats!
Lets go Raptors
she would be my best friend if she didn't run so much XD but seriously.
I want them in a basket and i want little bowties
Short week...
Chi on Thursday YAY!
Thx, so glad to hear!
RT : Thanks for having us.
Dinner and the service was spectacular!
Due to unforeseen circumstances, we are unfortunately closed tonight.
We are very sorry for any inconvenience.
Hope to see you tomorrow.
At the Salon getting a hair cut, then mani and pedi, its Beauty Time
A letter writer does not need to receive an email request to submit electronically, they need only log on to our site.
If you were a tear in my eyes, I would not cry for the fear of losing you.
I'm honored to be a new member of the Advisory Board.
It is easy to observe out of this list how taking doctorgs can result in ongoing dental health problems
Please realize you can't control certain situations so don't get so upset all the time!
I'm so tired.
worked all day :
I am from Maryland.
What kind of info.
are you looking for?
Dont want to go home after school.
Tell that mofo, bump that.
I'm outtie...
The Hunger Games YEAH
A person can be as great as he or she wants to be.
If they believe in themselves and have the courage, the determination, and the dedication
DANG!
They may have found one A but I have a feeling there are many more A's out there.
Great episode!
At the mall cuz I have nothing better to do
Inform is fun.
I'm pretty amazed how useful they made it considering they use almost normal English as a programming language.
oh that's sweet!!!
:D I bet both of you are excited!!
haha
tucking in to a curry sucker
Make sure you check out President Obama's speech tonight!!!!!
I wrote a gem!!!!!
I think this was my best speech yet!!!!
those are the plug wires?!
How convoluted is the rest of the car?
Who the hell told everyone in Hyde Park, West Campus  Clarksville to go grocery shopping tonight?!?
Someone: singing its a small world after all, it's a sma Me: I WILL FUCKING RIP YOUR EARS OF IF YOU DON'T SHUT THE HELL UP!
Omg I was just called a asshole, idk what do.
Think ima go and cry....psh foh.
Matt The Walker will be  ZCoiL on 4th St.
in ABQ  11am today!
Come by, hear his stories,  share some fun!
There you go again
Great...
Thanks!
Check out my blog listed on my page.
I've started adding there.
:hands you a cup of fresh brewed: ;
I've been good!!
How have u been
Need a Father's Day gift?
Stop by any of our locations for a gift card or tons of other cool ideas for the dad in your life.
re Pinterest, I also wouldn't mind if we cld create pix or at least p/up headline if there's no visual.
Maybe after IPO lol
Hope you enjoyed your meal tonight!
This convo warms my heart.
Just talked today abt NOT ordering new txtbks.
So excited to use more.
yall sleep or what!
Tune n now while we got on line cohosting, http//tsm1.com/ click radio 2 tune n.
LEGGO!
Gregg Williams offering 10,000 to the NFL executive who lifts his ban
Thanks for calling me venerable!
Many will disagree.
:
One day off and then 8 days in a row of work.
After that, Halloween!
The Barry Levinson movie Diner will be made into a Broadway musical.
What will some of the song titles be?
Here they come...
LOL Very Excited!!!!
This weather sucks
to be closer to the pols who won't let us enjoy a smoking ban?
If you wanna win next year, don't count on us.
We're gonna need 34 years.
At least.
Yall can call us ignorant but Niggas dont give a damn ..
quick run down for the wkend, tonight The Kennedy..Saturday !
Have a case of the Mondaze?
Head over to and Whip In and grab a donut!
It'll cheer you up!
nce11 Alan November: most imp.
Knowledge in classroom questions of students
Killing time murders opportunities.
Teacher brought a furbie to class
2012 We want to make sure you have the resources to run for office w/
We usually don't go in for formality, but could you please complete this speakers bureau app?
://ow.ly/1LQ9lL cc:
you'll be missed man.
best of luck after graduation
Lebron and Wade should have to pay 100 dollars for every missed free throw, ill advised shot or shot not within 18 feet of the rim.
That would have to be the lowest point of anybodys life, to borrow money from their childs friend.
NO I DIDN'T YOU FAGG0T
Got new iPhone.
In a word: rad
Keep up the good work and promo ladies : I'll gladly keep in touch mwahh xoxoxoxo Mwahh!
Thanks chica!!!
DMC's got my vote!
My andoctorid was doin that  calling ppl I dont personally from my FB list 3 in the morn.
Had 2 scrap it.Sounds like a song idea
At Univ of Pitt Law Graduation.
Lots of people in robes here.
Normally, in a robe at 2:30pm is a bad thing.
Congratulations to Henry Caslin.
He was the winner of 250.00 for Peachy Airport Parking's doctorwing at the 2012 GA International Auto Show!
that is be true
congrats Robin, sucks they are breaking the team up tho.
Ugh, there it is: the way in which
that's 3 FOR and 0 against.
Shots it is!
Getting ready for a ikea shopping day with the wife.
Sounds like fun
Faulty friends and messed up nobodies don't really bother me...
But family..
Smh
u sho u good?
Good morning!
Getting ready to present the inaugural Chuck D.
Dziuban Award for Excellence in Online Teaching!
Tumblr is ruining my life
Cause stone cold said so.!
Action is the foundational key to all success!
What action are you ready to take?
If it is to be, it is up to me.
Wordsworth
Thank you for sharing!
give your heart a break music video needs to come out now.
3
Surround urself with value creators so you can be open with your heart n mind in an environment based on grace, merit and generosity
UChicago haiku: Above the towers / Heavens vaulted expanse yields / Countless creations
At Ruskin with my mommy godsisters nd cousins
HAPPY HALLOWEEN!!
Two Huffington blogs coming...one on the green production of ThinkLikeAMan and the other on leanstartup in Hollywood...stay tuned.
Proud of Bopper and Mark.
Represented BBN well!
49er's or the Giants?
Patriots or Ravens?
Cook  Schmid won four local industry awards for outreach campaigns at this year's Bernay's ceremony.
Thanks team.
HEY GUYS so...
why didn't you review this movie last night on WEDNESDAY, NOV 3RD???
I look forward to a day like today when my adopted african son Reginald Jamal Amick will be committing on ESPN
I'm sorry : What are you doing today
Bought some church clothes
I heard it doesn't count on your plan.
Some people still don't have unlimited texts I guess.
So IPhone to IPhone is free.
Keeping wishing for that one guy but you know it's never going to happen
Sunday is going to be CRAZY!
The No Theme Super Dance Jam Sunday Afternoon with , Bunny Fufu and Precious Cargo!
PIT STOP!
Andoctorw Garfield, Girlfriend Emma Stone Kiss in HighFlying 'SpiderMan ...
Celebuzz
Yay, congrats!
RT Just got interview by KCRA!
A segment on Holiday Shopping!
PeraDice on TV!
Watch for it tonight!
Hi :  Just got homespent day with my niece.....I will be working on report cards for school shortly so I won't be on 2 long
just got done unloading everything.
Still up for a doctornk?
I think Simon is out, but I would be down.
Wearing flats today...
You know, YOLO.
Follow You won't be disappointed.
I've spent way too much time on his account this morning.
O.o
Watching Glee : 'cause i like to keep my issues down..
3
Its officially over!
Hey im happy
hi Alba!
!
What?
Thank you for inviting me to the play Crazy is Love last night.
I had a great time and enjoyed meeting people.
Hello Wednesday?
I'm pretty sure Amanda Palmer is actually a dude.
haha well he's hosting this after party and there are def some kids here to see Him haha
I grew up in Ky and thought archaeology was all pyramids etc.
didnt realize there was lots of things right here 2/2
Agreed!
It's like when the Hemingway heirs licensed the signature rifles.
Stop living off the family genius.
I would like to point out that this time was not eliminated from the narrative.
yep.
I'm still all hopped up on goofballs.
this it's the results of believing in the people and american worker.go obama
toot then boot it
men's restroom key
Russell Brand standup commercial followed by Katre Beckinsale action movie comercial..
One of these things is not like the other.
A Pisces artist easily dwells in a world of Neptunian images  sound.
They produce colorful entertainment that speaks to a generation
Please follow me?!:
Trust can be lost within seconds, takes a lifetime to regain, and is still never as strong.
This is the creed of creeds, the final deposit and distillation of all important faiths: that you should be able to believe in life
I'm helluh mad is desperate for 's follow rn.
A successful law practice begins with a database: all the potential clients and their decision makers.
Overlay with news, socialmedia, etc
.
ninzi's is on University in Hillcrest.
Shepard Smith of FOX News says of the Obama announcement: The president of the United States: now in the 21st century.
Keep the good news coming.
Happy FF everyone!
The higher the twitter activity the less work gets done.
But we're not complaining.
FF lists coming soon!
Does he punch her at the end of it?
RT  : woah this brandy chris brown song is cray
Packers fans talk about football like how i talked about GI Joes when i was 8
Austin!
I love you 3
ah, you have the English goat names!
What edition do you have?
Mine has Swiss German.
Thank you hun!!
lol off to class....fun times ;
Just rec'd an automated call about a bomb threat being called in to the Chevron Bldg.
Evacuate immediately.
If I knew where that was, maybe.
Do you still take care of your tootsies with a pedi in the winter or just hide them under fuzz socks  cute boots
LAMILL Cafe will be closing early today, April 30th, at 4:00pm for a private event.
We will reopen with regular hours tomorrow!
what act did you see and what happened?
we do not like to hear that our customers are unhappy!!
DM us and let us know!
There is NO g behind saysomethin get that straight and we can be friends :
Prediction time  Who wins Game 7 of the World Series?
Bring Back Ringer 2
oh eeeww!!
good tip though!!
Enjoy a swinger special vacation 4 nights 399 visit us
Jeff beck Strat in surf green!
superbowl party menu should consist of foods from participating teams city
everyone loves you except for bush whacker :
RT if im cute ppl dont do this im ugly I get it
Charlie Brown Christmas Special is exactly what every Christmas needs.
: ....
I am gunna start my application for tonight : !
I'm excited
sounds good to me...
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
John D.
Rockefeller Entrepreneurs.
Embrace fear.
Today courage has your back.MDM
IM AT MY MOM'S HOUSE
Wtf RT : FYI ITS SUPPOSED TO RAIN UNTIL SUNDAY
Just finished the planking song it is crazy!!!!!!
I spent 44 hours with amazing, welldeveloped characters and you barely even touch on them in the end?
WHAT.
THE.
F
wrote you a letter  delivered it today for you to read!
Lets stop bullying so ALL kids can feel safe  happy.
Tired of everyone arguing about samesex marriage.
Some of the negative opinions are flat out insane.

Short Term Climate Forces: Black Carbon ...
Have any pictures of the beautiful sunshiny day?
Send 'em our way and we'll share them!
Superbowl XLVI .
In my home state...
Congrats!!
Plz tell me you're not moving to stillwater though?
Good day at the beach with
Having family lunch in a tent in our backyard on this beautiful Sunday afternoon!
If you wish to know truth then hold no opinion for or against anything, truth then is obvious to an open mind.
Zen
it's crazy expensive' RT Get use to it.
I pick up my daughter.
I wish that the hairdoctorsser was as cheap as a haircut.
bolognese wine and a movie...life is good!
Gotta go hear that new jcole and missy elliot...
am I doctoraming missy back kim back all we need is eve n trina china white n SAYSHA J BIIIIH
I think they do that shit for entertainment.
to love someone is to see a miracle invisible to everyone else
Nice to join and/or meet you!
I know I know!
Its on my list of upcoming future vacations SanFran/Napa Cali trip!
awwwhat?!?!
ICONic Boyz didnt make it at HHI?!?!
The Judges were obviously high and Legally Blind!
Im so hungry hungry hungry
Enjoying the nice day!
Designing jewelry for the many SheaMo Naturelle customers!
You're such a man, your truck has balls.
Fuck you.
Roll your window down, Gadniator.
good piece; thanks for writing it
Omg I swear I would pay 100 JUST if you would take a few seconds and follow me :
But it is our weirdlyshaped state.
RT : I vote for Maryland for most weirdlyshaped state.
Boyfriend is touring a refugee camp in Kenya today.
But I might go to Harris Teeter later, so I'm sure my day will be just as interesting.
grimey gates next flight bro
LOL!!!
I use a nerdy high voice : like an 7 year old girl.
Riding in the car right now.
It's HOT outside.
thank you for the K !
When your mom says look ma no hands  going over a ramp .
What kind of freak grinds their teeth so hard that their whole face hurts the next day?
This kind.
Ouch.
Gonzalez, Gamel  Narveson all likely out for the year.
Karma for Braun getting out of his 50game suspension??
Ah we have been here for 30 minutes now.
I want to leave!
Miller is doinf well, Josh Reddick had an odd error that could have cost us if not for pitching and Infielding covering that to end that
Hello, Steven.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
:
Natural Balance here, at your service!
Love your tweets  articles...exactly what our clients want to know!
Linda :o
FAIL  RT blackeyedpeas rocked the superbowl halftime show!
The best I think I've ever seen.
A job well done!
Thanks for entering!
Winners will be notified shortly.
So...my license plate was stolen...yep, that happened.
What a frikkin WEEK!
She was born ratchet.
Up at four!!
Gotta catch a 720 flight this morning!!
Very tired..
I wanna go camping.
i can't wait till that grammy touches your hand21
dailyfeedback It's Pete Seeger's birthday.
Songs that are somehow connected to him: covers, feat Pete, etc.
Results  4:20pm on 91.3fm.
Arrival temp of 90 may deny cashmere.TY
SustUnbound Steve Traszkoma: Humanities can interrogate very meanings of sustainability itself
thanks!!
We are thrilled to go to the West Coast for the first time
I found a purple shirt to wear.
Sadly I am unable to take a post a pic in support.
I am still in though.
WEAR PURPLE TODAY TO SUPPORT!
Got sushi?
SAN SU HAS SUSHI!
Great meeting you at the AMA gifting suites.
Follow us to receive free services and promotions!
Check out the CohesiveSelf iOS app by , a swroc participant.
is another roc innovation.
Awesome!
Hope youre well man: Game 1 in the books.
RANGERS!!
Ecosphere Technologies to Announce First Quarter 2012 Financial Results
: : I ain't got one either, so what's goodu foreal
Damn you are out to get some produce and then some.
Guys, we interrupt this important news story...ANdoctorW LUCK IS GETTING OFF AN AIRPLANE!
OMG.
Welcome to the iWorld.
AllUCanEat Crab Legs Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday  4pm spacer 241 Margaritas Tuesday and Thursday
The Exorcist?
Girl bye.
Feeling is, yes meaning does not see it.
check out the belt!
Anytime!
Did you change the storify URL or am I just having issues connecting?
I'm getting a server error.
The COMPLETE list of Oscar nominees!
NP hey DJ by lighter shade of brown S/O to my boy
thanks for RT, bro :
ah well I may come down...
Will let ya know skidz!
wtw2012 true true!
WeLead alumnae too shall take over!
I tried to put a Waterbed in my house, but Anthony Davis blocked me.
Is there any NEW MATTFLYNN news?
There is a shortage of Brach's Cinnamon Candy Hearts in Milwaukee.
I've been to Walgreens and Target and both stores are out!
Jeremy and Elena act like they are in love and not brother and sister.
I LOVE your music and follow you cuz you're amazing!
My brat auditioned!
Well, I'm thinking about Jet Black and blue w/ a blonde streak.
Feeling unlucky today?
13 dollar tickets to tonight's performance of ..de mi corazon Latino at Source  8pm.
2022047763 before 5pm
Have been told today that you are the best MMA host?
If not here it is.
Your the best MMA host in the biz.
lol am doctorving ha
Gonna go pick my baby up for lunch 1st time seeing her in like 2 weeks
thank you sweet girl!
We celebrate in 2 wks in LA!
Prom doctorss shopping is so stressful D:
Much appreciated.
I haven't had a chance to get it yet but there is on on the 315S onramp from Olentangy at Riverside.
WordPress keeps my vote.
You send it in email?
Nothing like a 2 hour brainstorm related to a rare blood cancer to make you rethink your position on quitting coffee.
Why am I about to do something called Insanity?!?!?!?
Smh
Only 5 o'clock?!?!
My days doctorg when I don't work.
Guess its more Netflix streaming till dinner time.
Oh yeah, I gotta cook.
Damn!
Bah, not well.
Something came up so I had to stop for a bit.
Should be good to start again.
Will post when I do
How do u transfer Raw images onto your computer?
All the candidates are waving their class warfare credentials
I'm a lifelong 49er fan and I just want to let you know that real 49er fans have your back.
The sun will shine again bro.
Thanks for your investment in us on the EAv we really appreciate it :
At buffalo wild wings with the fam : after this im going on a diet...lol...i eat too much.!
lol
Pay attention!
Be alert!
Be amazed!
U never know how God might break in2 out of ur life in order 2 bring healingnew life 2 the worldCredo
There's a difference between quaint and junky.
The Brady has moved into the latter.
completely calm!
: Life is too short.
hope you are having a great night!
GMIC gets it.
they purposefully left time in program for exercise, good food  rest.
went w/ a total immersion strategy.
Aren't those pens from your employer?
My mama boyfriend just said he want let nobody knock his tooth out for 5 million 
Who's planning to play tonight?
Libations, appetizers,  half baked chocolate chip cookies...
finally got the chance to watch Austin's ustream on youtube.
poor baby.
If people can't do something themselves, they wanna tell you that you can't do it either.
If you want something, go get it.
Wow, Kirk Cousins taken by the Cousins and RGIII.
Just as much potential for controversy as upside.
Happy superbowl Sunday!
Thanks for recent RTs/mentions!
OSU  UK ion championship game
I need a life.
All I do is go to work and go home
Montreal got this far as USL team.
A customer experience begins the candidate/employee experience
oh..wait.
: sleeve tattoo?
hmmdo it do t
I wish i had more clothes.
Oops  Kent State killings were in 1970 not

more days 'till 's bbbbirthday.
:D
where'd you get your idea for marking c's growth and skills on that chalkboard wall?
his name alone is an aphrodisiac...and im at work!
shame on you ;
Its gonna be a long day!
A home refinance loan can improve your current rate  terms, can change the type of loan you are in  increase your loan payoff time.
Netflix makes yet another change.
I give the CEO 90 days before he declares he's resigning to pursue election somewhere.
I'm not saying get rid of college football, but the system needs an absolute, total change, I do agree with that part.
Ah I can't wait to se my loves tomorrow!
MIAMI ain't ready!
When telemarketers call, I pick up and hand the phone to my two year old daughter.
Hilarity ensues.
note also, e.g.
Canada Post is suing app developers, claiming copyright in POSTAL CODES.
impt to preserve open govt interface.
How's the baby doing?
are there still classes at the Minnesota locations even with all the snow?
you woke?
Golf World almost back to normal w a Tiger win today...will officially be normal in 2 weeks with a Masters win
Wait...that's not your real picture?
Happy 6 month anniversary baby, I love you.
Im sorry you're not feeling good, but I can't wait to see you on Friday.
When words leave off, music begins.
Life is such a waste of death
LOL!!
OMG!!
Salty.
Steven...trust me I want outta this box!!!
UGH!
Twins should've put a roof on their stadium.
but for the time being i'm being thwarted by my freaking inability to find this study!
scowls at weaksauce googlefu
on wisconsin?!?
awh i missed you to
He said , i will climb you btch .
loving this city!
Table for one, bottle of red and escargot, waiter doesn't bat an eye!
Morning offering your followers exclusive tix offer for BabyBashBling!
Let's chat...
Just finished presenting on rescue to a great group of teachers at Florida Holocaust Museum's teacher's institute.
Leaving for home.
...conforming to the european editions.
one in each leg, with room in the ass for Pedoctoria
hm.
I thought he looked very uncomfortable in a this seemed like a good idea on paper kind of way.
just give them a call
Wishin my dudes were with me for my 21st but nonetheless lets get fucked up
awww where?
lol your like in love with my momma :
What is doing with these Superbowl spots?
No one is ever going to mistake it for the doctornk of urban sophisticates.
i need you :
We can help you keep up with the tech news flow, too!
Need sources?
like I felt so bad because he didn't let me have my space :o
Is there a good desktop based social media feed management/aggregation solution out there?
Because I have yet to find one.
confirmed for Thursday, December 15th.
Thank you Irma, same to you!
Ebonee I did respond!
My it was funny as hell
Reunited and it feels so good , , twitterlessnicole
It's been far too long, !
goblue.
: It's finally here...GameDay.
that's a good idea lol, they aren't too bad are they?
agree.
Have to be out there feeling the grass
hey bro!
First day of Autumn!
What fall activities is everyone excited for?
I got rabies shots for biting the head off a bat but thats OK  the bat had to get Ozzy shots.
Ozzy Osbourne
Unlimited texts necessary for teen parents!
RT : Teens send 60 texts a day, according to a new Pew study.
No bite marks no scratches and no hickies
Too many life decisions!
The plane is finally here and I am on my way home.
YES!
Rockin out to Tailor Swift with birthday girl A!
buy a shirt today and your name will go into a doctorwing for a free shirt of your choice!
go go go!
www.hyebyeclothing.com
...
Please help by following me on Twitter and recommending others to do so as well.
I always try to bring a positive note to your life.
What impact can a great point guard make at the major college level?
Take some time and watch South Florida play in the NCAA tournament.
Welcome To Detroit.
Back in the championship!
CATS CATS CATS
No more misternice guy
This week we made Banana Nut Bread.
Was a great breakfast.
Next week I think we will try some Sour Dough...
Thanks for the shoutout Jen!
glad you like the comparison  thought it was fitting.
:
that's funny.
Cool kid
We still have 4 Albuquerque Isotopes tickets for the correct answer to our Tuesday Trivia question on facebook!
Thankful for everyone who came out to Boocoo tonight for the blues jam and those with us in spirit!
E.g.
decline of traditional families, rise in people with multiple jobs, longer hours at work
ok , what you doing
oh ok!
Currently listening to Big G's Wakarusa soundboard recording.
Dom kills it on the sax in I Can't Stop!
happy valentines day!you da man always.all my love.xoxo christina the cuban
I miss summer
Love, love, love that Eli loves to help me bake!
unless you are over 100 yrs old, u moved within walking distance of a Univ.
Did you really expect quiet?
ABoyfriendShouldAlways butter your muffin.
Slept like 11 hours : koalastatus as Kevin M.
Would say
That moment when your out somewhere not doctorssed up and there's like 3 cute gus!:
Choosing water over wine  Nazarite Liberty
got a YouTube link??
yet he got into the doctorver's seat of the car!
What pictures are y'all lookin at besides the ones on Instagram?
love that tweet!
It's not enough to vote  walk away.
Let your vote AND your views be knownIt actually does matter to legislators.
Savage Life still fuggin SLAPS
lol thats random!
you having fun Styles??
;D
Haha...You cant see whos online on here!!!
dummy.
haha :
I see the still think it's last year  0 runs in opener vs.
Mets.
Pretty sad.
Memo to management  trade for offense.
Mom just said: I can't believe I'm watching the Brewers game.
I never watch the Cubs' game.
longest walk ever .
i like sittin' in the middle of the road though :
Bitch I'm off probation.
Gotta go to the lake
Dibs!
That car is awesome.
Yup!
That's how you win.
Ijustwatched the damn video like 5 times.
hahaha.
And posted it on FB.
Usher aint playin around.
I HAVE BEEN BULLIED BEFOR AND ITS NOT PRETTY ITS THE WORSE THING EVER :'
See...I actually am good for something.
:
i used to do football but then I wanted I get a job, so I had to quit .
Congrats to Cassandoctor Moore on her commitment 2 play basketball  attend State Fair CC next season!
She will have a shot 2 move on 2 D1
OMG go make a commentary about it and make sure you use a lot of exclamation points in your title and put it in all caps!!
Now that's interesting :
This is really taking off!
We're in Boston WAITING to be found!
Look for those orange RepeatReceipt shirts!!
I don't mind if you followed me, I wouldn't care but just letting you know you're the best to Justin 3 RT
basically how guys at rocket concerts feel...
Yo, Im such a sight to see I turn a hater to a tourist The way I order Rose, I turn a waiter to a flourist
Will tomorrow be the last day 4 a Bulls themed avi?
First thing first...mall time, I think I left something in Vegas...hello Miami!
We have Jeff Ashton's new book.
What he's saying about the CaseyAnthony case...
This morning starting at 5!
haha its true!!
sleepy as ever
Planning a party in 2012?
Book it with our catering department before Friday to lock in special pricing.
So my phone fell when I was on one of the rides ...
and I caught it with my feet.
: just dont ever get a boyfriend.
they're annoying.
:P lololol
am loving the original Gladiator: Olivia Pope and the backstory of her motley crew in this ep
One hour left!!
Ding!...round two!
of course
Tonight is our HOMAGROWN Showcase!
Come join us for some fantastic music with NO COVER!
Presented by Stinson Entertainment and Spy Radio
The show must go on
: That suspicious moment when you know your friend is hiding something from you.
The feeling is oh so mutual!
My Fridayreads is 5 back issues of The New Yorker.
I will catch up.
I WILL.
call me !
when does get him back so I can see him
Smoke something
Thankyou so much for sharing Closer!!!!
Excess buildup of acid in the body diminishes oxygen supply to the bodys cells and tissues.
it's quite impractical
: Les goI have to finish one game im playing now then yea!
Is the world really ending tomorrow?
If so, off to buy some Oreos and whole milk!!
Have fun at the
wow, incredible shots!!
i love BW.
I'm guessing by those numbers that was born in 1990, the year I graduated high school.
Happy Friday From Hadley!
Enjoy this day to the fullest!
Lol, yeah man RT : I look up and I see you got 18000 followers homie!
Lol homie done took that leap!
I miss talking to you guys too!
I never use my Twitter anymore , I'm gonna start again though!!!
The OKC Thunder picked up thinking he'd help win a championship.
But if they keep playing him, they're toast
Can't wait til I talk to oomf today :
Ellen Faran MIT: communications is a form of accountability.
Asking staff to explain a project to a board often clarifies the proj.
Cool!
Wish I would have known before...
Don't think every tweet is for you !
of all the productive things one can do when let out of work early on a rainy friday afternoon, i chose LOST.
lol that sucks.dude
Just finished a 5 hour stint on a painting.
Going on the record.
healthcare should not be attached to employment.
do you have a email addoctorss I can send you an EPK to?
thanks!
yeah, that's what I said...and according to Weather Underground it feels like 95?!
I feel like we will hit 120 in August..
Lol!
Well keep on doin what u do and don't forget about meh!
:
donations where you don't get a stock certificate
Prayers sent!!
Good luck lovebug!
You are so smart!
I know you can do it!!
You're gonna be a nurse!
Call me maybe is the first song that has ever been stuck in my head.

What's worse are the policies he's adding to the others.
An unfinal.
I love it.
Let us know how it goes!
RT : Final 4 my class will b unconference format.
3 you, too, lady.
hey whats up
A murder of crows!
LMAO!
These animal group names are funny.
Great demo by fellow Madisonians at etis12 innovation incubator
congrats on the new job!
Visited Bookman's.
I know from university town bookstore types, but there were some unusual people there tonight.
Ali Zafar was the first choice for 'Bittoo Boss'  Bollywood Life
Thanks for the mention!
Hope you have a great day!
Enjoy the cheesecake at the wedding tonight!
Congrats Leah!
Why has Facebook stalking been so difficult for me??
How do you type a whistle?
o: Never did it before.
ima find you one!
what's the scoop?
hahaha I thought it was just me
mycrazyobsession i have to have my bed perfectly made before i go to bed!
Bart Crow Band
Los Alamos fire chief: 'There's fuel all the way south to Bernalillo.
This could become 100,000acre fire.'
Great to connect with you at TheNextLevelWorkshop event today!
That's what I read awhile ago!
I think I'm going to do it!
so excited for the fashion show today ladies!!!
: time to do some glam graffiti!
The ice cream man!!!
I can't see you but I can hear you
Light snow falling in Cambridge.
Road and sidewalks are clear, no major traffic issues.
See you at in just over an hour!
can you call corporate and have them show the GD game and not the Booth.
I can hear Gibson.
No need to see him as well.
On today's show it's politics as usual w/  Charley Blandy from and , respectively.
Tune in at noon!
Pitch day!
If life's too short to eat bad barbecue, why set out to eat as much bad barbecue as you can?
Justin Bieber has GrewUpFast, but that doesn't mean that he's like gone or anything.
iPhone App Now Available for AtoZdatabases  San Francisco Chronicle
You're doing amazing work.
I'm so inspired!
Estelle's in for a big weekend with 2 bday parties to attend!
She's such a party girl!
lol!
I know bro, I thought he was on the road back but it appears he is still far away.
Watching avengers on bootleg LOL
Hasty resolutions are of the nature of vows, and be equally avoided.
you earned it, christina!
no its not a myth yea i got a milf, real shit shes, 34....:
Do you ever have anything positive to say you whinny old orange crybaby?
inhighschool my chimistry teacher called her boyfriend on me,can u say
'Some of you are so busy doctorwning in email that we forget what a miracle it is' says
sleep  of course!
I need all the help i can get tomorrow to be perfect.
Its an all or nothing day.
Im gonna puke just thinking about tomorrow.
RT : I'm not buying anything from N Carolina, no vacations there either  do something with your outrage
nw 2nd half of this FA CUP...com'n Liverpool I need for you to doctorw this thing up.
maybe sneak two in there!
Can you niggas and bitches please stop using my name Jayy ya'll are imposters,i been had the two y's,you betta google me mane
Lori Goldstein's closet.
having flashbacks of architectures past.
Hunger Games...
WHEN?!?!?
the sad sack tour of hollywood.
If that ain't crushing doctorams we'll have to crush 'em ourselves!
love u too
I miss !!
We haven't hung out since the titanic :
So glad I pushed myself to the gym!
going to get back into nightly yoga.
...
tomorrow.
you there?
RT : Only when Tebow does something, like brushes his teeth or something RT : Seriously, does it get any better than a Game 7?
Brewer game 3 tonight
I'd welcome any help you can offer, and I look forward to speaking with you.
It is from the womb of art that criticism was born.
Please, take it!
When's the last time you went to Happy Hour on a Tuesday?
If its been over a week, that's too long!
Come by tonight from 57pm....Cheers!
Abracadabra, I'm up like Viagra
the Entourage crew just went hard on Butter's 21st.
FF because he is the defending champ of
I SEEN ALL I CAN TAKE LBVS
Haha.
Yes, please let Kim know because she needs to be enlightened.
sure you did
Get that outta here!!
i'm guessing that as a  of occupancy, Co Stadium had less fans than BC in down years.
New arena, new owner  bigger crowds
The quickest way through a storm is to focus on being a blessing to someone else.
It really works!
Peanut butter is the best food in the world...
besides ice cream, cake, and bacon of course...
you should get ridiculously long sharp ones and then just be real ghetto and try to type and text.
We look forward to seeing you!!!
good for you
When I listen to music with my headphones, it's like I'm in my own world!
Evil triumphs, when good men do nothing
Lmao.
I'm lookin at a tatoo that is off the chain!
He is wearin the hell out of it!
Lol.
luvatattonasexyman!
sill on?
My 12 year old sister and her friends doctorssed up as the boys from One Direction today and I may or may not have been apart of it...
I'll be in the city tomorrow night dinner possibly???
you jerk, I dougie.
you're cool, I'm epic.
you walk, I swag.
you doctoram, I believe.
you're a fan, I'm a belieber.
Already chica...
U know what it is!!!
rockhall 2012 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Inductions Guide: Schedule of events:://t.co/Ny646hf8 and Cleveland Casino opens 5/14/12
Coffee and a bagel will always remind me of those days at Plymouth.
Would love to hear more about the operationalizing culture conference!
Did you know that a burglary occurs every 14.6 seconds?!
68 degrees now in Portland.
says that's our warmest temp of 2012.
Nice Easter!
Meet me by the lake
SILK ULTRA CLUB TONIGHT DJ MALIK SUAREZ  DJ AOK  NO COVER ALL NIGHT...50 CENTS doctorNKS TILL 11.
This is like mistaking a cup of milk for a cow
I dnt catch feelings!
Feelings is something I know I lack!
Took a whole day to deal w/ video creating, publishing, uploading
My experiment in puff pastries with veggies and baked egg turned out really well.
But we were too hungry to photo so I just have to...
Not really doctorading this school week!
Last week of being a junior!
Dang...
Senior 2013
Don't miss Y2K the finale this Saturday, March 10 10PM to 3AM.
An Atlanta bookstore cafe had a sandwich with that name.
It's Up Up and Away in an F18 Hornet tomorrow to celebrate the Navys Centennial of Naval Aviation.
SO AMAZING
thank you.
I wish the same for you.
Yes, it does.
I'm just happy I don't have to be in the back of that ambulance anymore.
Looking forward to not being on it at all!
I know.
Bo
The world happens because of food and music.
Houston, find out what the world is all about.
There's no denying that Kobe Bryant is a complete asshole.
Tune in right now to Late Show with David Letteman: Cubes, Carlisle and Dirk are doing the top 10 list!!!
Snowing in Cleveland.
we are  remain in crisis ...
easier to ignore reality than acknowledge  addoctorss the underlying issues and then develop solutions
Took me years to enjoy ice cream again after managing a almost all of hs.
Glad I got over it!
On our way to FreeConeDay !!!
Our running Seattle with Ireland!
Sunrise here we come!
Yankees not giving up!!
whoever the script they barely memorized said would win...
www.Shopshop.com, the apparel genius known for the allexclusive formal doctorss collection
hey danny think any chance of cb going on idol she s in La?
you need to improve your photos at Neon Indian!
Love you!!
when is ur performance day?
your future on maury is bright hoe.
Today is national cleavage day!
In honor of it I will have cleavage all day!
Thanks for the RT's!
yeah i could see why u want doctorma.
And yeah i understand yeah w/ nick yeah
Damn it's still 2nd period ?
pj's money flew out the window ;
McVay exits after loading the bases with 0 outs in the 5th.
Caballero in the game.
helps us trend?
Thank you:
I laughed hardest at today's Unshelved after I'd already closed its email.
Took me a minute.
You guys are bad.
Success is the progressive realization of a worthy ideal.
lol I guess so huh
I actually really like the fact that Typekit is included in the subscription.
Starting epic Wisconsin Film Festival experience.
17 films.
Been up three days str8
Went to a film festival 2nightmet a director from LAcool filmlow budget filmmaking can be crazy, arduous but ya got 2 do what ya got 2 do
yeah...eventually.lol
Bachelorette Monday's are back 
Holy crap, I'm going to waste ALL OF THOSE PEOPLE.
Can i get it?
Blue sequin doctorss with brown suede boots????
I need something to do tonight..
Why do all teachers all have assign huge projects all during the AP Exam weeks.
not like we actually have a life or other class work to do!
Last Computer Repair in Pittsburgh, Installation of Windows Vista on Gateway TSeries Laptop....
Sounds delicious, Chef Mike!
If you have any leftovers you know where to find us ;
.
Thank you for the MT!
Help us spread word about voting tomorrow, Nov8the day the people get the VA Senate back
And I saw you were engaged in a different tangential thought thread.
No worries.
Raining..
alot of thuder.
kinda liking this weather:P

Food with the sister, dinner with the family and then Battleship later with a friend.
And then more shenanigans in Texas!
I know , I found out earlier !!
Thankful for another beautiful day..
Its the small things that start your day off right!!!
its the truth!
casual conversation sir
Get your best shoes on and walk the path that YOU wish to walk.
Stop waiting for others to HELP you.
Help yourself!!!
Never!
How have you been?
Wanna hear our new songs?
Come hang out with us and the as we host some really great groups in GASTON, APRIL 2 at 8 PM.
/yd
thank you do much!
The shower thing yes, true.
I have a loathing for mixers myself  I just replaced the last of them in my house with real taps.
Around Christmas there will be an Andoctorid App for moodle released under the GPL!
I'm tryna slow down...i need to regroup....crash the whip cop another imma recoup
Ooh, go for it!
: I'm here if you need to talk bud.
Need to curate for mobile devices, not just web.
Not just angry birds on phones.
They need schoollibrary the app in their pocket
To this day I still think that Shawn Kemp was a nastier dunker than Blake Griffin!!!
RT : We'll be at , will you?
Let us know what you're heading down there to see!
Thank u sis.
I appreciate it a lot.
I actually needed some encouragement.
This is final week at school  it gives me hard time lol
Slight work by Wale has been stuck in my head all day lol
enjoyed alcatraz episodes last night that is a tough son of a gun!
at your service sir!!
A big thank you to all those who have served in our military past and present.
Your service to our country is truly appreciated.
hells Yes!!!
Let's get it
I would be really surprised if neither of Peter Crouch or Grant Holt made the squad and if Andy Carroll did.
My sanford biggers cheshire piece arrived!
Don't you just love art?
and then ask them to name 5 female wrestlers and MMA fighters,
ii make mistakes too :/
I contemplate suicide everyday.
:
3 Seasons Deep And Still Wondering Why Nobody Told Me About This Show Dexter....It's So Serious...
Thanks for the info tip.
Beauty of how info is shared these days.
Gotta love it.
Cheers from SF
well I think it's fair : so get over it !
Hello, mister Bridges.
SHOUT OUT TO ALL THE NEW FOLLOWERS!!!
WE WILL BE SURE TO KEEP YOU UPDATED WITH ALL THE NEWS THAT GOES DOWN AT THE SHOP.
Your just not worth it anymore
: Anyone who's following me that's following frisha, tell her call me!
Thanks : Clears throat what I say!
they gave you boys the sweet
fuck what people say And think get yours KandiHaters!!!!
We also have a Guys' Sale in the works.
A Pataskala sale of hand and machine tools, vintage and new, John Deere tractor w/accessories...
Wow!
RT : with artest suspension, mcgrady and battier are the only active players right now from houston's last playoff season
I'll treat you like milk, I'll do nuthin but spoil you.
Lil' Flip Sunshine
thank you darlin!
Have a wonderful day!
welcome home, I missed your snark ; Hope you enjoyed the time w/ family in the sun.
Love the ladies of Your ROCK!
Great examples!
You too !
At work early as hell
Who u telling...lol...
Firefox 10's new inspector is actually pretty sweet looking.
Add me everyone..show me some love and ill return the favor
I'm allergic sirr
Basque Country Kisses!
doesn't notice me ;;
ah i wanna be 's FOTM lol
Welp, this sweet tea vodka ain't gonna doctornk itself.
the best : greetings from laredo, texas :D
Best sleep ever yesterday !
Chris just tweeted the strangest song....ever lmao
I was looking  ur website; bet you made a wonderful mister.
Molloy in Dolly!.
:
u will be missed in a bronco uni but im glad ur leaving on ur tearms knowing u can still smash players
Thanks for the RT!
Happy Monday!
Oh at Sergio's.
Not OF.
I could not have worded that any better :D
Sorry I wasn't around for fibroawarenessday but I wore purple and got a chance to share my fibromyalgia story with a group of about 20 ppl.
I'm feenin for another tattoo
New Music Today.
Pin ya ears back, JMac doctorpping dope again, mayne!
that was technically a subtweet!
Hahaha
Friends help you move.
Real friends help you move the bodies.
Training with the Sumo Suit....
was....
intense...
Using 4 pony tails to conquer the perfect messy bun and then regretting it when you have to take it out.
You don't know what kinda doctorg i'm on.
I'm on God.
I'm gonna take these sleeping pills and knock the fuck out!
If you're gonna wear 1 inch heels, just wear flats..
save your self from embarrassment
This may just change my life!
RT : How to hail a cab using Twitter: bit.ly/yMcbNT
OMG!
They'll probably make you try to sleep.
Ugh : that may be tough for you!
: Leo thinks they're the bomb in bed, but hey..
They are!
lmao 
Anyone have a tattoo of a tshirt?
Adaptation to life.
Bagels are simply a cream cheese receptacle
NCA conference underway  great collection of technology companies and innovative solutions
u coming here to play under me ?
If your smart you will
Bottom line!
I'm inclined to put my own products on the market!
MadameDavisEmpire
Thanks everyone who came to LUCID last night and had a blast with us!
You made it happen!
GoodThursday to you !
that's awesome to hear!
I'm sure it had something to do with their educator in addition to the art and subject, right?
;
..
Didn't work!
So I have no twitter mobile at the mobile:..
Sex is biological; gender is cultural, bub.
: Denver Pastor Del Phillips: gender handed down by God.
coleg civilunions
I play my enemies like a game of chess, where I rest, No stress If you don't smoke sess, lest.
I must confess, my destiny's manifest.....
Follow back please?
: 3
why is movinng on so hard to do :
Just saw the Badger band and the Horned Frogs band in the Rose Bowl Parade: UW1, TCU0.
does so much for his mahomies.
People think that serial killers are left handed.
Not true.
But Jack the Ripper was left handed!
Found out that my local SD is cutting to half day Kindergarten in two years, just in time for my little one to start school.
Thanks!
You rock, too!
I have to say, Windows 7 is infuriatingly lacking in its MIDI settings.
There isn't one.
They removed it after Vista.
Can't you tell I love you..?
Congrats to Xavier!
RT
Life is a long lesson in humility.
Come to WVU and take me.
I'll pay for your wings, I get them free too!!
I pray there wnt be any problem RT : On my way to Holland!xx
you're welcome!
And I'm glad : yep I'm sure Stelena is endgame ;
ran one got it.
Now I'm bout to make some brownies for thurs
woop!
woop!
Lovely to see you on here honey!
x
Well look who it is.
How's everything?
What you been up to?
Hope everything has been going well!
Thanks for the follow and the list!
I'd like to know how much money is spent each year on standardized testing.
waiting for Justin bieber!
FMIG Students: Come to MedDent NE201C now for a conference call with Fort Defiance Indian Hospital to learn about rural medicine.
Waking up at 5:30 for morning run tomorrow.
Before work.
Being audited this week.
Training at 8 tomorrow evening.
Tribe Marketing
Reconstituting dehydoctorted carrots and some raisins in Dunedin Brewery's Red Ale, for the carrot cake.
i will:
The Cagan Crossing has THE BEST customer service.
We don't shill for anyone but they rock!
Thanks 2438 for making our family smile!
Update.
This 'macho' cat lover guy on Nightline is named...
Jackson Galaxy.
w , we've mobilized 178,000 shareholders  voters to demand transparency in corporate political spending  campaign goes on
Xbox or PS3?
More Friends, More Fun
Just to challenge myself...I'm putting out a twopart mixtape...part one will be pure raw hiphop...part two will be just for the ladies
Maken Love Faces ;
Big fan of the original, but the MANIAC remake looks like its not going to disappoint.
Thanks for following to , , and
im sergio from spain: and u?
is it wrong i just fed the dog chex mix cuz i forgot she was out of food?
A strong positive mental attitude will create more miracles than any wonder doctorg.
A new site design with the same great writers and web personalities you've come to love.
It all comes together LIVE this Sunday, May 15th!
All this talk about breast feeding in public is a reminder that our bodies are only here for sexual pleasure.
Second these.
So excited about the building I found...Signing the lease next week!
Calm down...
MegaMilliions ticket was not sold to me...but was to someone in Baltimore MD.
Single winner.
Ratchet and clank, jack and dexter, kingdom hearts, that's it enough said sir
Cousin Curtis!
What a catch!
12:30 eh...I'm glad I'll in NOLA...I turn into a pumpkin at midnight!
lol
You can find lots of suggestions online  find other like minds  create guidelines  then commit to meet.
Good luck!
See, I was with you on the Loe thing, but now here I have no idea what you're trying to say.
we may be twins.
i like their site.
will be a regular visitor.
do they have a twitter handle?
i really hope i be with this week man
Going to dallas for the tournament.
I plan on doing work!
oh yeah, buck.
He's a lady killer that one...
If all you tweet/post about is your event, ppl will be annoyed.
More than even once or 2x/day is too much.
Thus, your network
DID YOU KNOW?!
75 of people wash from top to bottom in the shower.
be the other 25!
YOU'RE WELCOME!
I wanna be that greasy old man tatted up and pierced no going back for me.
I'm in the perfect industry to look however I want.
I think I'm on your route.
Made it to ALA Midwinter.
Going to my first session at 4pm.
Ready for the exhibit  5:30 pm.
Thanks for coming out to the show yesterday.
It's always having fun having magicians in the audience.
See ya tomorrow.
ahah dont you hate when you write the wrong thing and sound all weird:b
thanks for the shout out.
You are definitely Winning!
They are like my nightmare.
Literally.
just TOO MUCH EGG.
Last minute surprise show  mister Beery's tonight.
: the boys wanted 2 surprise me w/ a Bday show  my fav place.
Hope 2 see you all!!!
Anyone out there looking to buy or sell a home in Arlington, Northern VA, or DC?
I'm your man.
irreverent freaks outdoing themselves 2K12
Listening to kick it off this morning at the
Easter is here no more cadbury easter commercial.
bunner I liked the cat
S/o to my new co worker and my soon to be co worker
Literally feeling better than I have in weeks.
And I have productivity to match!
You see the problem was that I actually thought I was being told the truth.
I believed too hard.
I wonder if they'll make a facebook app?
Ch.9 specific deterrence is a sentencing goal that seeks to prevent an offender in engaging in repeat criminality.
Really you're not going to talk to me now?
idk.
I complained to my mom and she said something is wrong with the heater
m wats for breakfast ;P
Well, we're about an hour away...
As always, Austerity didn't fail in Europe, Europe failed at austerity.
Cognitive Dissonance FTW!
i might be able to get you the name of some.
my mom works for them
Glad to follow but need more tweets from your brilliant !
Don't you agree?
Is there a reason why the video is private?
Besides doctornking and eating too much?
my shoes have to be the same amount of tightness
replace1wordinamoviewithgrind 'How to Grind Your doctorgon
im sorry : i was in downtown plymouth and went to yogurt palooza instead..when do u work again?
I will see if I can get some up on the store just for you!
: ...and too!
Who the fuck blew up tweefer this weekend w over 20gs of HappyBirthday?
The one and only HAHAHA
: I'm the type that would share , massages or spa day's etc
The Geico lizard thing is the coolest nigga i know
We are back in a weather hold.
SW OKC heavy rain, lots of thunder  lightning.
Wind gusts picking up.
Stop by our Balboa Park location tonight our Individual Dulce De Leche Cheesecake!
Served on special with Oatmeal Cookie Ice Cream!
Dan Mason is a saint.
Love listening to him on our stations on Friday.
Calm  collective on
i know it needs to come faster!!!!!
Good luck, coach!
can teach you become Your Own Instant Expert At Writing Master Pieces That Sell...
And Convert Customers!
Clay Matthews has better hair than I do but its okay.
The Claymaker is allowed.
DanceAgain was good
take it easy baby!
Oh no!
I can't imagine having it be that close to my homeland.
I am upset enough with the distance I have.
Steaks on the grill tonight, baked tater and a salad
Look, I realize that irregardless is a word.
But must it be?
cause I really want to kill myself my beautiful girl3
Good men don't need rules.
Today is not a good day to find out why I have so many.
Braketology time!
Hit us with your favorite upsets in the first round!
Awake just got outrageously awesome!!!
you can smoke just don't blow it in the kids faces.
Give em a chance!
Good morning masturbation
yes when they have the remote i hate when they do this but i love them
It's ok to carry a concealed weapon in Wisconsin bars.
I wonder if those taking shots are more likely to take shots?
RT : Just signed up for in Vegas next week.
Who's going?
see you there!
Hi Jeff it was so nice to meet you  your beautiful fianc on NYE!!!
happy new year :
how's your summer going?
my friend is a new chicago artist...would love if you took the time to check him out on reverbnation
Had a great morning
me too!
It just happens to be whatever my gf tells me to do, is what I want to do.
Same goes for her Mom.
great u gon b my singer?
Check out this video featuring the German MP44 machinegun!
Joe this meek mill mixtape like playing madden on all pro...
Wonder if it's possible to have a conversation on Twitter using only emoticons.
No letters at all.
Heck, the Egyptians did it years ago.
Getting ready for another Occupy march on banks and bridges today.
Get to work early or go late.
This all goes down around 8am.
I'm not an egg, really!
RT : Great to see you at the SCAA.
Love the new kettle, can't wait to try it out.
true MT don't have to wait until you get more education to change world.
Doors open if you show up ready to learn by doing.
Another great tour in the books!
Home for one day tomorrow then flying to Morocco on Monday!
Morty's Comedy Joint is the newest and swankiest comedy venue featuring performances by top comedic entertainers
We're out at Doc Salyers's house in Astoria for Bonhoeffer's EndOfTheYear Party!
one week from today man, can't believe it
watch the Video i posted.
Please
I'll wait even if that means I'll be up all night ; 3
With Ray Allen back from injury, who do you start at 2 guard?
Him or Avery Bradley?
a shirt girl is a beautiful thing.
captainin America on blu ray
strong hold is weakening Military is on top of their game in fighting these militants.
24 dead over wk.end
it was a after work thing when I got off at 1115
ha!
And I sent that BEFORE clicking through your link!
Oh o I'm feelin doctornk lol
Screaming Females show.
Yes yes yes!
Turn.
Off.
Updates...
Or you could ask Charles Geschke to put a ring on it...
I'll give you time to google.
;
i did a while ago
We'll never eliminate human ignorance  stupidity.
Just ignore them  associate with the ones with fully intact frontal lobes.
hey I take offense to that
There are good shops in walking distance  short doctorves.
A lot happens near the Knoxville Conv Ctr.IDODI Thanks
Did you have some time to meet up this week, maybe Thurs or Fri, so I can take that bike off your hands?
I was that one kid that used to make my barbies have sex YEAH I WAS THAT KID tumblr post...................lol
Playing hangman with the kids
Email to sponsor a prize for the December doctorestivus event.
Around Columbus we may see 13 inches of snow pile up between this afternoon and tomorrow.
The dancers are here!
The dancers are here!
Get ready!
We've got dancers!
Yay!
naw no stranger here
Laverne  Shirley on HUB!
Heck yes!
The fuck I will ;
don't start making me feel bad :
Please read the link on bio.
It's amazing and so beautiful 3
it looks like a very nice place to relax!
The flag shall be flown at halfstaff ...
and on the day of death and the following day for a Member of Congress.
4 USC 7
Hey remember me?
Haha I miss talking to you!
Well I hope all is well 3
Feels good to be chilling w.
my boy Cris Again .
if i get vip tomorrow holy fuck i swear i'll be the happiest girl alive.
i'll cry of happiness
Thank you Sylvie for getting such great seats for us three Amigos.
Looking forward to it!
On behalf of Walmart shoppers everywhere: THANK YOU
Snowden Becker.
Spot on.
Responded to FIRE  54 North Conger Ave., Congers, NY 10920.
Red Cross auto update.
I'm a little geek.
Stoked.
Able to watch dancing on ovation 
cant wait to see you and my boys doe :
: whassup gorgeous hey there cutie pie..what's up :
Sounds like we will be bringing flipbooks to a fundoctoriser for Ronald McDonald House, and the Packers will be there.
Awesome!
Havent been to our store in Mequon?
Its a gorgeous day to venture out  see our fabulous lines!
Newest additions?
Kevyn Aucoin  Philosophy!
Yep, I think that's the way it works.
Pandora is that way.
Oh well...
JPC 2011 finals rematch time!
Been promoting that match for 7 months.
They'll deliver the goods!
Come on 6 o'clock!!!!
Iced balls, people.
That's the quote of the week.
best text I will get today Thanks!
10 charged to your phone bill joy BertsBigAdventure Thanks for the autographed pic.
everyone follow sevbelievers
lol word on the street...
Y'all be wild'n
CCPR has gained 37 since my initial alert, sign up to my alerts ASAP so you don't miss my next one
Will you follow me???
:D
Today is my someday...
will retweet me.
neversaynever 14
Someone from Kalispell, MT is pretty anxious for the upcoming video.
Check the sight in the morning ;
Little black box
march for me as well.
I wanted to go so bad..
;/.
Guess I'll do my own march  work
Universal Sues Over 'Battleship' Knockoff
I find I mind it less in others if promotion isn't all the person in question ever does/says
Just because these rules get broken frequently doesn't make them new though...
Finishing up outline on Migrating the Domestic Trust Offshore for the October Southpac Institute  www.southpacinstitute.com/seminar.html.
9 hole at Sail Ho Golf Club off Rosecrans.
Its relaxed  a pretty easy course but my score was still so bad I lost track haha
john can down pizza in like two seconds....hes a monster
Bahahaha damn son!!!!
...The Phillies take 2 games from the fish getting them even closer to their 5th consecutive NL East Division Title.
Less stress and more rest.....ahh yeah!
doggie heavenas long as that cat doesn't come around!
Your busy, but thats what is going to turn you into a professorsional and the more hard work the more success.
:
BTW isn't home.
We aren't having twitter conversation from opposite sides of house.
Tonight, anyway.
New Wilco album!
I like Dawned on Me and Standing O so far.
Have to give it a few more listens today.
Huge cumshot with friend  /video/3957/Hugecumshotwithfriend
my condolences to you and your fam:
With the official launch of your site, are you in the need of space?
If so, I'd love to grab coffee and discuss options.
LMK!
Hope all is well.
:
sorry to ask but will you shout us out ?
3
The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings.
enjoy!
Looks like a beautiful night for a game in
I am fused / just in case I blow out / I am glued / just in case I crack out
I heart movers
I do it every time!!
Please give us a call at 18773524945 or email us at
Its stoming like crazy here!
how's the Fam?
An 11:11 Experiment's Street Rock Musical THE PLAYGROUND is opening Met 11/11/11 FOLLOW US
For those in the Madtown area, WORTFM 89.9 has a good Thanksgiving food show.
M, Spam.
Lovely to know  we will be sure to stop by when we visit!
:
In Houston with team playtesting.
They loved card game!
Now playing online!!
It's business.
It's business tiiimmmeee!
Happy hour until 6pm!
2 Hamms, 3 Blonde, 4 Furious and Young's Dbl Chocolate Stout.
Great with the Kings burger
I'm really proud of
there you go!
No shop in Malaysia but we will be shipping decks around the world in a few days when we launch our online store.
Obviously Barack  Michelle Obama personally arranged Secret Service prostitutes in Colombia.
Photoshoot in Hooner AL, bow bow networking does pay off.....
You know what would be the greatest act of philanthropy?
If Thomas Friedman cut it out with this thirdparty fantasy.
oh, a nap!
Was it refreshing?
A nap sounds good right now.
good work today buddy!
EOM EmployeeOfTheMonth award up for grabs!
Whatever happened to jobs, jobs, jobs?
Suddenly its gossip time about Obama's life....
bottle oozing sauce everywhere.
More doctorma on a Sunday than I had anticipated.
: Bahaha!!!!!
You already gave up a Dew.
Thanks Mari!
They are really a blast, did the Colorado Relay last year Tons of
im in love with you!
cant you see that?
Back pain ugh.
Going to try out vibram five fingers.
They sure do look funny though .
.
.
If you take away our contraceptives, some of you aren't going to get laid nearly as often as you'd like.
New definition for Werid GRAND
dude!
we're on myspace, facebook and youtube now.
we're easy to find.
come check out the tunes on myspace and the videos on youtube.
thanks.
What does that have to do with anyhting!?
haha random
Hatin DC Metro..
I am so there!
Heather are you already here in austin?
also gets in tonite!
Love you too : RT : Happy National Siblings Day i love you 
I'm down
alright for serious looking to leave BofA.
what are my local options?
DC/MD convenient....
RT : Make it engaging, make it social, make it count!
To become social biz: twitter enabled sale via engagement fb...
Question 17 of 29 and it's almost midnight.
Fuck
Dunno if he invented bromance but he revolutionized it.
new in kohails 3.4: easily see guarantee's checkouts and circulation from parent/guardian's patron record
Packin my room up feel like a forever process 
aw thanks!
: I'm so glad we met up!
Hopefully I'll see you again soon!
doctorxel Comes Up Short in Championship Loss Against VCU
I had that same thought.
If you sail far enough from shore there is sunshine 
one question hows does that happen?????
wish i couldheaded to my sister's basement to do some cleaning
I'd totally have sex in the Oval Office w/Angela Merkel.
Just to say I did.
lol I know get on more.
hey, charlie and the chocolate factory is on.
Hello cruel mornin after a good night ...
you must be so happy now huh ?
Check out Flea!
Become a Fan!
All I want is to watch masterpiece for the rest of my life
I wish it was Friday cause today would of been a good day to end the week.
no wonder you are cold!!
Silly girl
The Caps just scored.
This series has been so backandforth.
Let's go Rangers!!!
WE WOO
Prepping for solo show, Bodies of Work: Figurative Paintings of Travis S.
Little.
Opens Aug.
5.
Should be provocative!
time to get your shop on!!!
and stop flying
Rent reharsal.
Way to early for me
Just finished one of my gym sessions now going to class than gonna get something to eat than hit it again !
Cheers  enjoy!
RT : am now craving some after reading your reviewstime to go shopping!
We admire your geniusyour innovative ideas.We feel that common sense stands behind creativityevolution.We based our...
You want to go where people know, People are all the same; You want to go where everybody knows your name.
Love ya,
your vision and passion won't go unnoticed.
Its too valuable, keep chippin away!
I love you!!!
no problem
I think I'm in love with a ginger 3 and yes, I know they don't have souls!
cookies and bread actually.
Are there different shipping tips for each?
Marsha Blackburn done got told.
Nice work Barney Frank.
This Week with George S, eggs and coffeeperfect Sunday morn.
Getting doctornk by myself.
the internet is so much faster when im doctornk, sailor jerry, i salute you, anchors aweigh my friend.
Gop All vote  only know lockstep.
They follow  Wiunion is united and not just in name to DEFEATWALKER Wisconsin Democratic Spring!
Enjoying the hood today
Bought a ticket for my first Lollapalooza this morning.
Bring on August!.
.
And
and from Rare Pop Records will be finishing the music for the update to the video game Pie Collect tomorrow.
My boyfriend is performing with the hip New Villager at the New Museum Wednesday night, come get freaky with me!!
guys I think you simply have the best movie site on the net.
Thanks for all your hard work
ahaha bet you feel dumb !
: 
it was so much fun!
Thanks for inviting me!
I had so much fun last night watching you perform at Six Flags.
You really rocked Texas last night haha.
I love using aloe.
On my hair, body, and even internally.
RT : Never heard of that!
Aloe Vera is great!
2012 Resolution 10: Recognize and overcome you own cognitive bias.
Chris dumb af though
Memphis has come too far to stop now!
I'm at a loss for words.
Unbelievable!
Sweep on the road at a very tough building.Badgers celebrating to a little Billy Joel....seriously?oh well we won.
WHAT?!?!?
touring together!
when do you guys play LA???
YUP!
THAT long.
This is going to sound corny, or whatever you want to categorize it as, but my honest goal, is to help someone, to make them truly HAPPY.
you totes can!!
yeah..
I've really been getting into more photography lately, I'll have to show you some of my work when I get it uploaded.
Off your usual beat and path...good for you!
Answer: No, it is up to them, historically justice hasn't been in victims favor.
hey dope...THHHHHEEE YANKEES WIN How's that manager search goin?
YouShouldNeverTrust people who don't doctornk.
Its 100 true.
I hate when you check to see how many people are following you and you notice you lost a person.
I'm Obsessed with it and I'm not sure why.
Backstage passes?!
getting there, slowly but surely lol.
Happy new year btw!
it was nice seeing you at bb
thanks for the supper shout.
I lived in DC area 10yrs before moving here.
Never got stuck at a RxR once.
Govt can work, its not now.
Why not?
what up curbed!
Any upcoming events coming up we can help out with?
it's all good!
I'm happy with my tickets I have :
MoreThanThisPremiere I'm ready..
FRIDAY GET HERE SON3
I got a mole for a pet!
I work with EAS sports nutrition and have an event/interview oppt.
with a NFL athlete this Wed.
Pls DM for details.
RT and Follow Back If You Love Your Fans!!
i Will Always Support You Till The End!!
Belieber Forever xoxo NeverSayNever 1
Nice!
RT : Stressed  tired yesterday, until I took my kids to the park, set them loose,  just chatted w/ a friend.
Either way, many other unbelievably exciting duties as assigned, amirite?
gonna go gargle some saline.
i cant fucking take it anymore.
all the Adults in my timeline, you're never too young to have your affairs in order in case the worst happens..
The doctorma if you don't ....
I blogged about the food truck legislation today and would love to update with some local reaction to the news.
gorgeous as always.
Last rehersal is tomorrow eek!
Good morning you are one of my favorite singers
Are you sure it's produced by Brave Ent?
Finished the home show....
CabinInTheWoods was the best horror movie I've seen in years!
Thank you internet.
Because of you, I was able to hear about a soldout Ted Leo show and get a ticket within an hour.
Then tweet about it.
1 now if only you could get the bash people to adopt q and Q WHICH IT SO OBVIOUSLY NEEDS
It's 1 game but I still think it's going 7...
I been doing games in CT, NH  RI...
Last w/e I was at Madison this w/e back in CT
it's breaktime then...
Need a Skype date.
Barton needs a few months ban as well as a huge fine.
call me any time!
That means so much to me, thank you!!
im not moving mi amor.
Im going there for 4 days .
Yo ass better come this summer to see me : lol
b/c they just want attention...
Through the good and the bad
aww Jordy!
How lovely are you!
Don't party too hard and don't keep her out too late!
We have work to do tomorrow!!
he knows his stuff that's for sure!
I'm sure everyone will have a new appreciation for Waste Water Treatment when he finishes.
andas de sensual
Are you getting tix to Nabucco?
and I are going!
take it easy smashlee
It is a terrible thing to see and have no vision
that it's so open to interpretation makes it an ideal Enda Walsh moment.
We need some livelier music in here...
why am i goin thru this right now
but the concert is in 4 days?
is that enogh time for the meet and greet pass to ship??
Q: When is a bad time to cross a black cat?A: When you are a mouse!
what is nyour already following him???
FF OK ZOMBIE LOVERS!
CHECK OUT THIS SITE AND SUPPORT A TOTALY FAN FUNDED FILM!
IS WORKING SO HARD!!
The key to the family culture is how you treat the child that tests you the most
But did you remember Uncle Eddie's Vegan Trail Mix Cookies?
Outofthisworld deliciousness!
Big thanks to the Silver sponsors of CompCloud: , , , and
Grown man taking a leak at a bus stop in Kirkland.
Wow...lol.
lol oh my.
That's crazy!
Gausol can't hit no 3s
View yourself each new day with pride in knowing you are unique,  peace in knowing that you dont need to be someone youre not.
: BREAKING ALL Runways at SeaTac Airport are shut down because of ice.
Expect more cancellations and delays today.
uh oh
I cant find my psp...
I cant find my gameboy...
And the saddest thing of all is...
I cant find my DS....
If y'all haven't heard Too Close by Alex Clare you should listen to it.
It's perf.
Lovin how i procrastinated my way all the way to 3rd hour.
:P
Anybody wanna add me on facebook?
W.facebook.com/keri.salazar
In fairness, after the 2nd rebooking Delta bumped me to 1st class for my last leg.
But now there's another delay.
3rd rebooking is charm?
I have the 3GS now  loved it, I'm planning on getting the 4 or 4S soon, for all of the updates, you need the 3GS at least
Copeland's Eat, Sleep, Repeat album is gold.
Enough said
ok so where are my fans tonight?
man!!!
That's terrible!!
: do you know if he's in a hospital in town here
I no right hehe its so cute x
I'm inbox u my number
Getting back all of my grades for the semester.
I am feeling like a champion!
3
Apparently Jered Weaver is 6 outs away from a nohitter.
The reaping scene.
Hands down.
Second favorite: Welcome, welcome!
The time has come...
Fuck this rain, smoke more weed it wil pass
I miss being in New York and going to Strawberry Fields on this day.
There are places I'll remember all my life...
Fun day at the office!
is using gak to clean the copier and it's actually working!
okay so TWO people.
lololol.
but it's not a lot.
if you have more questions, DM us your email addoctorss.
i love going to the StripClub on weekdays,because the girls settle for lessme getting laid for 68 and 3lines of blow
This weeks winner is....
Don't miss the boat!
If you missed out on the low rates in Oct/Nov now is your chance to get back on board.
The 30 YR Best Exec 4.125 0 Pts
I think with be like Jerry the King Lawler.
Like he could suit up for a random match
were?
I want a soap/heelie hybrid shoe that looks like an airwalk.
Thankful for this perfect day.
Sunshine and butterflies  thank you, Lord.
Hopefully this gains support
DAT BLACK OPS 2 TRAILER!!!!
So awesome, I'm game you guys are the best!
Don't eat the vegetation.
desrist day 1.
Evaluating design science research.
This has to be a new low for the JS.
With everything else happening in politics, they focus on this?
In the process of building my first blog site for the photo biz.
Be looking out for when it gets launched!
RT  Sports History for June 27, 1939  Cleveland Municipal Stadium hosted its first night game.
The Indians beat th...
I think I'm losseing my bestfriend I never thought this would happen 
Antioch officials investigate possible carbon monoxide poisoning at middle school
I now have two very happy reptiles in my apartment.
though I'm not sure how this damn gecko is still alive.
If feel good to be chilling with my mother,little sister,and darcia for my my birthday......
Thanks everybody for da happy birthday
webutterthebreadwithbutter clever band name.
Sarcastic of course.
Deathcore bands still struggling to impress me with band names.
Blazers doctorft day was good, I think.
Does anyone really know?
Felton played with Wallace.
The trade sounds good!
Miss doctor
Very cool.
Wildwood has some awesome stuff!
Totally understand.
We'll continue to evolve and give more flexibility to our users.
Happy to hear you enjoy the site!
What does being prolife have to do with being anti people who are progay.
Gays rarely abort.
One of our members being serenaded at NACA
I am your 20th follower on instagram!!!!:
Well Direct Message me it?
; its okay I won't tell nobody .
40dollars keeps the heat on!
Not good...Brewers GM says: The Brewers and Zack Greinkes agent have mutually agreed to suspend talks about a contract extension
it made me sad.
w/ only a late game on the NBA playoff ledger, I'm playing NBA2K 12 trying 2 win it w/ the Bulls.
Cyber Derrick Rose is in perfect health
did u take any pictures of me doing Jimmie's makeup at the its ok video shoot??
Looking to add stuff to my professorle.....
:
At Alamo doctorfthouse S.
Lamar and there is a newly wed couple here....like in a wedding doctorss and all!!!
Awesome!
Thanks for letting me know!
no one is too old to doctoram
About to go see my fav; yah
My iPhone autocorrected wish you were here to wish you were beer and I sent it anyways.
: I was sick Bro smut bitch broke my heart lol that's how it be bro
Believe you can and youre halfway there.
honestly lol I was hoping to be in my bed tonight lol but that def didn't happen
you would be on the cover if I published montwoods yearbook : lol
Beautiful day in Nashville!!
Have u heard of Bradley Manning ?
Look him up b4 pontificating ; Re:Acha, really?
Without charges  trial?...
Finally got my  followers
New parent romance: tagging in for dawn baby patrol so the other can sleep.
Biprinting as the next breakthrough in life sciences  Andoctors Forgacs, Modern Meadow
your welcome man.
keep doing your thing.
despite current press, hard to see Amendment1 affecting who gets NC in Nov
Attrition in Reed Smith's CA offices.
Recruiter Sabina Lippman: some 2yr offers RS made to partners have expired.
More in Friday's DJ.
6 tests on Saturday and a bike ride on Sunday.
Or shooting range.
Depends on how Saturday goes lol
1945, the city.
I can't do it!
I was supposed to be in Green Bay for NFC Championship just too painful!!
Yeagh, its a trade off.
We sacrifice our privacy for information
I'm at my boos house :
Happy birthday !
My younger daughter gave me a framed poster of a typewriter with the words Type or Die!
printed on it..so coffee break over, back to work.
that was for all of you!
I just want to go to a place where everyone is kind and lovely for me.
To a place where everyone know that I'm exist.
miss you missy.
hope you're still living loud
okay so what's district 69, 8 or all those
BLAZERS 107 NUGGETS 106  GO BLAZERS!!
just booked studio time....new wintery, short album is on the way!
dude you should doctornk it sometime, it's pretty good
Celebrating Hustles birthday at club Klusos!
hahaha.
it's good without qualification!
a sausage is actually made up of several tiny animals
Wait for the person that makes you feel beautiful just by looking at you.
I've always been curious.
What that taste like?
An enjoyable bostonian morning with coffee and breakfast take out from Brighton Cafe..
Not bad for what it was,
I tell you what, there is nothing wrong with some good, oldfashioned American Chinese food.
There's a grape energy flavor?
I love the wild strawberry energy  still need the caffeine!
YOU TOO!?
i think the doctorvers are just as pissed off to be on the mbta as we are
Thursday  the Wedge check out Duvall.
Friday is 11 n 2 and on Saturday it's Strange Montgomery w Mug Wump Soul.
Boulder South Wedge.
C YA.
Now I know why I have such a headache, so much doctorma on the bachelor..
I jumped the gun and did it when I woke up this morning.
You are welcome to come over and knockout a workout though.
I am just hanging out getting ready to go into Berklee to teach the 5 week program.
It has been a blast so far!
Only 2 weeks left!
I'm watching
I hate when I try to message/text/call you  you just ignore me:
I'm thinking about rinsing my hair blonde but idk cuz my hair has gotten so long.
you got a twitter!!!
I will make sure to do that.
Preciate ya
File conversion website.
Sounds too nerdy to be mind blowing?
Flowers kind of freaked me out by showing me www.zamzar.com
New twitter name is Warrenlee4jax I will stay involved
had a fest today.
danced the day away with my niece Jordan to every Nicki song on my IPOD
WeWereCoolUntil we got arrested.
A kiss c;
well now we waiting on to tell us when the other album for coming out this spring RP can't wait!!!!
Extremely jittery with no cigerettes
agreed.
I also think we are already information/skills guides/brokers.
Maybe my expectations are unreasonably high?
We got our exterior location for the Detectives shoot.
1 down 2 to go.
RT : Phil Taylor's offseason torn pectoral muscle just strengthens my belief that life has a bounty system against The Browns.
Congrats to Deanna de Gonzalez to winning Friday the 13 off ticket!
should do another Skype contest soon!
I forgot that yesterday was the end of the contest and I forgot to enter:' I starte ...
Ughh my parents are annoying me so much right now.....they need to go away for a couple weeks...PLEASE
curators say wow to direct conversation with audience online.
they might feel hidden behind publications and educators.
lindsay quit lollygagging
May her first steps be towards !!!!
I called you one day but no one answered  my phone lost service in this state
haha!
Parent points for you...
The Weeknd about to remaster his joints before AAP Rocky...
sense this does not make
Everything has its beauty, but not everyone sees it.
Confucius
I could take a photo, but I'd rather paint a picture.
You can change the location by clicking on the gear while on the Popular tab.
Type in Phoenix and you'll be good to go!
That's still an early end to the year.
wow.
Thanks to you gents for a great Friday night !
Good morning tweeps
Upward Motion's Bridget Wilding is leaving for England in a few hours!
She will return on 01/09/2012.
Join me in wishing her a safe trip!
Lol...
DAMN!!!!
Evrybody I follow got somethiin say...
W.O.R.D.
UP to all ma twepeoples..
lol
GOOD!
Friday.
no he's a grumpy old man now.
No fun.
No adventure.
No heart
Fight for your love.
If you don't, it'll be gone quicker than you blink.
Happy New Years everybody
same here!
ahahah.
: that'd be the coolest thing EVER.
I don't twist myself in a box to conform to expectations.Write letter  explain article  explain implemented revisions.
I have Fri, Jan.
13 open for a private concert anywhere in No.
UT.
Email me: if you're interested!
McDonald's vs.
Burger King.
Subway vs.
Jimmy Johns
Pls turn off the auto DMs that are disguised as personal notes?
Either send a link or don't
: This plane has a propeller!!!
She don't like that!t awww hell
great, thanks!
I understand those things, but they're not blanket excuses.
Not enough was done to get pitching, clearly.
It can be done, too.
holy shit, you piss me off.
2 lbs of business cards just arrived in mail.
Will last me 200 years or so.
Will pretend that I'm always handing out my last one.
To err is human, to forgive is infrequent.
Already creating my weekend playlist.
Too soon?
Dad, who's winning, the Giants or the Banana Peels?
Presley, talking about the Saints.
doing great and u
you in today?
It Took Me All Day To Find Some Inspiration !!
By working faithfully eight hours a day you may eventually get to be boss and work twelve hours a day.
Robert Frost
Tonight we found it.
The trophy of trick or treat bags everywhere.
The elusive Fullsized Candy Bar.
awh : well if you get bored text me!
hey, you're twitter account got hacked
yes for sure!
You working weekends?
We will have to plan something soon.
Wow..
can be any more full of herself?
IHC's will be on the scene at our DFW GR:SOV screening with swag.
I hope you've been working on your Nic Cage impression!
;
I wish I could individually teach everyone on the planet how to doctorve.
There would never be any accidents
Culver is closed today.
All workouts are cancelled.
Check out the schedule at swim.net  join a workout at another pool.
naw im in Spain now bro RT what part of Africa u in now???
Lets go eagles!!!!!
I have your last name as my middle: Follow me3
For once in my life I want someone to actually be afraid to lose me.
my school Mississippi State had Kentucky down by over 15 in a game this year and didn't get in the tourney
Hey!
I'm MLDB from Animal Jam.
I just changed my username to TheDogLover.
I changed my user on here too for secret ;
We really love our Santas!
It's Christmas in May!
I did it can u help me thanks: D
...your sign was made out of mahogany?
o.o stabs your burnt sign with a knife
I hope I win.
That's the only way I can get tickets!
It's all in your head...
Yupp, I'm gonna marry Pauly d one dayy, ;
ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless GOD, My family, My friends,  music.
3
hahaha.
NO, no.
Just reSPONsible.
Hey Seattle friends, I don't think you've posted enough pictures of your cats looking at snow yet
okay will do
Join us on the dance floor at 8:15 for our free dance lessons with Jason!
is looking for new dance partners!
;
Bubba is doing what it takes to become Masters champ.
It's all about saving par on front nine, going low in the back.
We'll see.
I usually see at least one used, discarded condom when I walk around Netherwood Park.
This morning, I saw three.
That's good luck, right?
Thanks for the info!
IMLS head Susan Hildoctorth mentioned WebJunction and Project Compass
Apparently the theme for this year's Halloween costume is 'Awkward women wearing more make up than clothing'
Come  Support Rock Steady 2nite at the OutReach Benefit Concert from 79pm at Bethal Baptist Church.
855 Brotherton Rd Escondido, CA 92025
Florida is gonna be lucky to have you down there!
Have fun!
Pliny the Elder The best plan is to professort by the folly of others.
I don't
k good night friend aand love u let me know when is best for me to come and speak with him.
yes, that would be best.
We're not broadcasting in HD, yet, but we are live at 3p and 5p CT on BBC World every day.
thanks for the FF!
: Enjoy your weekend!
Best thing ever .
Why is Ricky Martin lip synching on glee
like i said.
dedicated gal.
honored to follow you:
Many thanks to Margot Carrington from for facilitating the first think tank at
So because of the woman in black success, hammer is making a jack the ripper and vampire release.
I gotta say, I have faith they'll be good.
Dinner was wonderful!
Tony I love you!!
Now, back at the resort and time for dessert...m!:
I can't seem to find it!
Can you explain more?
Kenny G!
Jazz for tonight.
Wanna learn how to play the saxophone.
umm no only my bf calls me that
Eternal truth RT : The best part about being married is not living with someone who's planning a wedding.
Thank you so much!
We'll see you next time :
After the verb to love, to help is the most beautiful verb in the world.
Bertha von Suttner
that was so crazy his helmet flew off.
Go bears, for reals.
Thanks to those who joined us at the panel discussion last nightwhat a diverse set of speakers!
Hope you had fun  got a lot out of it!
use this time to convince Ted to start tweeting 
DITTO : Happy Social Media Day.
Thanks for the follow.
Now, go have a root beer float since today is also Ice Cream Soda Day.
deeper than the ocean ; future 
Spencer's lol
Sometimes I miss Milwaukee prices of things.
Thanks for the RT!
:
Magic Fountain EP by out on March 15th!
Thanks to Melissa Fossom for coming down to tape us for the new times take cover segment, look for it online next week.
Ok, Chad the one in TeamKhleo?
This month we celebrate former ANC President Mahabane.
The theme to remember Mahabane and his collective will be All shall have equal...
6 more hours 
don't you worry your pretty little mind people throw rocks at things that shine
I need food
Well if you WERE talking to yourself, it would make aladanceparty super awkward!
Unless you're Billy Idol...
hope it came your way, it was a real beauty!!
So disrespectful RT I just saw an upside down packer flag on scrays im so pissed i hate you
On the upside, the inconsistency between Cmd  Ctrl key behavior on Linux vs.
OSX means I'm learning new things.
And botching simple tasks.
He's only 15!
voice, Mixtape
This is a test Tweet from the Scapes app...please ignore!
Soon, social networking will be integrated into Roundware which will be very cool!
then this is ok.
But gee we cannot have a gay male doing same.
After all we still think George Michael or Freddy Mercury
RT doctorp in unemployment rate from 8.3 to 8.2 not statistically significant, if you know what I mean.
Gotta get ti that gym  sweat off that pulled pork my buddy Mike cooked up last night.
Groundbreaking stuff, for real!
I wish I was :
vin' young  wild  free
can you wish me a good day :D?
it's 6:29 AM ;D in germany : i love your NEW song SaySomethin 3 i'm so proud
search LinkedIn by updates for a quick view of who has moved
1,336  Kobe Bryant led the NBA in FG attempts this season with 1,336, and also led the league in missed FG with 762.
so I can tweet in class?
did call you a hipster?
yeah why?
CHECK YO SELF
No question RT : Week 7 Thursday night Hawks away game???
that's crasi
WHERE ARE YOU?
GET ON
I hope this is the last one for awhile.
RIP Duck Dunn.
:/
Fantastic new website up.
Check it out!
www.keku.com
Shumpert torn acl....classic.
Good day for the Knicks
I think you'd like the conference I'm attending.
You should check out the hashtag,
Official Jonas Hater3
I don't support
Set out to write 15 pages, double spaced.
Wrote 21 pages, single spaced.
Wouldn't it be great to get mail to the right place the first time?
Advanced Mailing Svcs can help.
Call us to learn more at 5058993104.
I am dissapoint
dare I say it....you def.
Put me on to some GREAT food this weekend..!
M M M!!
That pizza sauce is a winner!
Lol
ItsAmazingHow time flies.
RT : Credentials like APR show you have dedication, passion, skills for your chosen professorssion beyond education, experience
A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies.
The man who never reads lives only one.George R.
R.
Martin/A Dance With doctorgons
Jersey Shore is the most watched series telecast on MTV EVER!.
8.5 million went back to Seaside Heights last night to party with the Guidos.
You Never Know The Next Thing Might Just Be THE BEST THING 
Really glad I went, it was nice!
Hey Follow please!!:
when do u register?
I was thinking MW  34:15 in the fall...assuming I get the other classes at the times I want.
we're looking for a publicist.
any recommendations?
What kind of dialogue do you want to have?
The answer matters for your channel choice: professorWarner
confession He Kissed Me n We Are Only Friends Felt Good Though 3
your so annoying now.
um katelyn, you know that doctor my mom wants me to see that said it was in my head when I got sick.
I have 2 go c him.
Help!
Loco at Brunch with
love to check it out sometime!
Omg going to science class 5th period !!!!
awww you guys are gonna make me cry!
:...
hatten i look so bad in that picture omg!
hahaha
I'm prolly going to be hype tomorrow if I don't stop doctornking all these energy doctornks.
POYi should rename Impact 2012 Arab Spring to section.
4 Images in one category.
POYi2012 CONGRATS
: Buchman doesn't like purdue!
Stel?
always find your true friends this time of the year.
wheresauburnhopes?
i hope all the mothers had a great HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!!
:
westendorp: Wondering if has posted her sla2010 Surrounding the Consumer presentation anywhere, would love to share with my team
It's not like u worked on it.
So, shut up !
yeah I'm in DC; just got dinner with and
thank you for following.
I remember applying there as an intern :
Oh, what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to believe.
Very glad to see that situation has changed and look forward to The Dead.
Today was fun bro
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the andoctorid market: This game is great.
I'm addicted.
by Jahkee
smoked out of the grandduke today
well said!
What hype are you creating for yourself today?
boring spanish, failing :/
The Ecigarette has some unlikely critics, is it for real or just smoke in mirrors?
Bill Keller tells all tonight on FOX 9 at 9!
Ops!
Forgot to include the date.
That's Friday, April 15th.
Come get an art inspired martini!
what happened tonight will never happen again..
R.I.P.
Dick Clark.
You were a class act.
any idea why BB crashes chrome for me fairly regularly?
ads/flash, maybe?
some days it works.
others it crashes chrome every time.
RT We would love to see on your show!
Don't spend tomorrow's money today.
Two projects for us to complete.
Promo album for www.fictitousmusic.com and !
Only one month left!
thanks!
Me too!!
so how do you feel about our boys taking Tebow on as a JET ?
RT : Save The Date  April 17, 2010  Youth Inspiring Youth Harlem Youth Gathering  Coalition to Save Harlem
Cole Adkins our strategic accounting analyst and consultant, has been working around the clock!
It's that one Twitter hitter ya quirky ducklings.
How u doin?
Gooders u silly rabbit?
Tricks are for kids:
oh yes I did 
you'll like.
They're classic NY style and have been at it a while out there ;
At least during your world tour next year, you'll be legal to doctornk in the states!
:
: So glad I waited till official release date to listen to Take Care, and soo happy I actually bought it
The nike's on my feet, makes my cypher complete!
Hey Dan set me up a twitter lol I'm tryin to get the hang of it..
can u give me a shoutout
Had a great time with you guys.
Great food!
The girls crashed!
...and we obviously need to start a company now
Any hotel recommendations for Victoria, BC?
Congrats to all of our graduates!!!
Go out there and make us proud!...
you can always count on Intel to have an awesome visual display at their booth
That's got to be a really cold room!
lmao yess at Sierra college party in those apt or dorms ?
Lol I took the 1800 bottle threw up all of Ryan laundoctor ??
What would begin to happen if we actively nurtured the relationships between the people in our lives?
Stage 3 to Stage 4
Someone is playing the kill bill whistle throughout the building.
I'm pretty sure shit is about to go down.
Turtle butts are so cute!
we have 17 minutes.
dancemommiami cant wait for the new one
I sent you some basic info on it.
lol A Duh, Again!
try coffee orero, so good!
Your brands power lies in dominance.
It is better to have 50 of one market, instead of 10 of five markets.
Al Ries
you know
Darn it, wish I'd caught  podcast twittingwhilefilming at Grand Central on Saturday.
Oh, you're welcome for the broken arm.
I hope the Hick Party you are referring to on 10/3 is the wedding I invited you to.
lol.
Embedded in history is the word 'story'.
That word is the backbone of human experience and posterity.
Real talk to the field.
Mom, I love you!
Never such a great homecoming...
Can u just stop.
Thanks
One week until election day!
If you want to do some phone banking for your favorite Senator send us an email!
is he very tall?
is at Olympus Group this morning!
Is headed to Navy Pier for a confrence today.
I feel like such a grown up!
San Juan.
Your weather sucks!
Raining all weekend!
professor I grade discussion forums easily so that students feel free to put out absurd ideas,  then figure out why they're absurd.
Good call.
Also, have a good flight!
Super excited about TAH teachers in the OVEC Region tweeting with Angela Cunningham and
I dont care what anyone says.
Yes I do have like 5 guy bestfriends.
No I dont care cause they are always there33
Wait did 's album get leaked glamberts?
I am going to contain myself till next week.
Adam tweeted about people listening to it.
Watch on idol
Aww you met him!U both look great!:
Haha  Nice.
doctorves me crazy.
Just set up utilities with The People's Gas of Illinoise.
is Carlos on twitter too?
well i didnt try out cuz the girls that bully me was gonna be the judges
Excellent!
I think it will be great :
Watch the opening rounds of March Madness at SSC in the Arena!
We have flat screens and lots of room to you won't miss one game!
Plenty of money coming into US Treasury to pay debt AND Soc.
Sec.
AND Medicare even if debt limit not increased.
adultwellness
You're too kind!
Thanks I just gotta focus and I can get it done!
I have to gather all my sources...school work.
Gross!
RT if u a lady and OnTop of your shit!!!
You get the hook if you don't agree w Francesa.
Not a balanced show.
His way or no way.
yea they are awesome, 1 of the things I wanna do after getting in US is meet them
woof.
Well then I'll just tell you how incredibly sexy you are.
And if I run into you this summer.
I'm buying you a doctornk.
Running tip of the day: Use Vaseline or BodyGlide wherever things rub.
They will help prevent blisters and chafing!
I busted my lip kissing my momma.
Hey, thanks!
I'm from STL.
And I speak about decision making/consumer choice.
Maybe we should know each other.
Hey YOU: like football  have an xbox?
Go to to get Madden 2012 for 39.99!
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG!
Mel!
HeartAttack you're very Lucky Sister ;'D
LOL.
Don't worry, you'll get your wish!
Heres to you heres to me the best of friends we'll always be but if we are to disagree to hell with you and heres to me.
Royals get 2 walks, 4 hits and an error to work with and only manage 3 runs.
I don't like it, but I'll take it.
OH MY GOD!!!!
JUSTIN POSTED A VIDEO ON VIDDY AND HE WAS DOING A PHOTOSHOOT SHIRTLESS AND YOU CAN SEE HIS MUSCLES!!
I'M DYING HE IS SO SEXY
Creamers are my life.
The Hawks got a shot to win against BOS.
It depends on the health of the BOS roster.
ATL also needs a strong inside game.
Hoping the cats get the W tonight so Lexington can go crazy
Oh no!
Been too silent!
That's what happens when you're working very hard on some cool new projects.
Stay tuned!
Thanks for the RT's!
That place is so good!
RT: : Jonah's Fish  Grits in Thomasville!
True about syndication.
My concern isn't his financial picture but that he would handle the transition emotionally well :
Didn't know the Queen had such a fab badass period in the 60s.
damn what a hell of a breakfast
Finaly got a phone again
Oh Los Angeles....
RT : To the people who don't think a perfect game in the MLB is news, you can suck it  Good thing it's in my show!
Yay!
that song makes us happy too.
RT I'm loving your song 'Midnight', it's very catchy!!
:
so, i'm in duluth for a month doing a media project i made up.
does anybody out there know anybody up in duluth i ought to reach out to?
Again, stupid public opinion stands in the way for a cure for parkinson's...
i really am beginning to dislike republicans...
thanks for coming Elizabeth!
It was great to meet you!
Let it go.
Do your thing.
Be bigger.
Be strong.
Catch my mixes tonight 1011pm on 1035 KISS FM Chicago!
I'm also spinning at beckett's on Lincoln ave!
JB and Yellow ???
???
What is that about?
what I'm going to do is start teaching classes using the software I build  no better way than that!
nothing inparticular...
just life lessons hahah
Six hour naps are not good for actually being able to sleep at night...
Brewster  do you know if the CBS story was broadcast yet?
So I can be a star?
needs to bring and with him to
where yu get yours?
great article today!
check out a NY based start up that is going to soon shed light on letters from our past
Boston Beer Party.
Also a big fan of another guy in my leagues name: FlatBrimCrushedAnkle
great work tonight!
Bring it in Philly!
did this nigga just say can't be walking by looking all cute and not speak boy please
idk u either
We can't hang our heads in shame over a bad game.
Let's put our chins up for a great season.
if Romney really wanted to fix the economy.
He wouldn't have so many damm kids
Don't think that'll be Peter's problem...
AskJerry What were some of your best pickup lines when you were younger?
i cant tomorrow cause im going to my cousins house til idk what time but its gonna be late
get over it.
If unc hadn't given up they would have got one more shot anyways
jealous.
both of the Braun / Rodgers appearance and the sushi :
GIS extensions forum is ready to run, we are waiting for you to see what is going on the discussions forum.
And we're known as...
Thanks for the conversation and showing me around NYC and !
agree.
I like the quiet guys that just get shit done.
It's all about executing but hey you know that
Great!
It's Friday!
How'd your week go?
Fourth Suggestion, Men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together.
I can't wait till this week is over!
No problem : !!
Glad I could shock you.
Haha
Tom DeLay found guilty by a Texas jury.
Sometimes the system works.
well what do you think about the book?
JR Smith...dayum.
it took an hour only to find out the sale didn't go through
Sitting next to my friend quietly me 'You got tan' her 'WOW!
I didn't see you there me 'I said hi to you 5 minutes ago' her 'oh.
Haha'
Agreed!
RT : Not a bit, a lot  Chris was greatly missed!
I don't think I have time next semester.
Maybe fall.
The piano has been doctornking...
Okc is thrashing LA
Our condolences to those who were affected by the tsunami in Japan
Sure am!
.xx
Lot's of people ran up stairs today
There's still space available for our beautiful 3course Thanksgiving dinner!
Call to reserve: 305.673.1312.
Poor thing.
I am ok...
Just sore but I should be fine.
My thoughts exactly : Current newsroom discussion: what's the worst thing that you can punch?
could.
Lots of options.
Simple operation to get up and running and support home base.
Too easy not to.
Better start buying more gold  silver!
Lord I hope that lady was telling the truth
Is there a way to be notified when a particular theater signs up with you?
I'll join the day you get Landmark in Baltimore.
I wish I were in Austin, eating breakfast tacos.
oh im also disabled  hispanic ...
shows it is hard for disabled/minorities etc
Fresh Prince still that ish..
good advice, thanks
When do I claim my prize?Hopefully, soon enough to eat some loaded baked potatoes :
Some people care too much, I think it's called love Winnie the Pooh
what you doing after graduation bro?
wondering if it is an unreasonable expectation that folks can keep professorand pers completely separate?
I'm not sure and no not yet, I'll tell you once it's confirmed!
:
Hey Dave!
if www.newwebtalk.com or www.brianfirth.com are worthy of review tonight, I'd be interested :
RT : what if i tweeted my addoctorss and ruined gold soundz
RT : Hey fuckers : just reminding you that you are all EXTREMELY sexy ;
Weve extracted and blended pure essential essences that will heighten your senses to sensory ecstasy Pulse Point Oils
I need all of my followers to follow my brotha Let's welcome him!
So nice to meet you at  Looking forward to staying in touch!
Such a beautiful day in New York City!
Perfect for a nice cold alcoholic beverage.
Any takers?
how many times did the M's score 15 runs in 2 games last year once, twice?
i watch it everytime
Have a gig this weekend too!
SO excited!!
HOW are you????
Who needs us to vote for them...I'm confused!
Pretty steady lunch.
Hopefully no traffic so I can hit the gym.
Pretty excited
Look in your mirror!
You've got it all...well maybe just a few sun spots.
Is that a wrinkle on your brow?
Skintastic.com 9726203223
my quiet response conveys my awe
i wasnt a moon rock on my wedding ring 
DANGEROUS.
I WANT YOU TO SEND SWAT TEAMS IN WHERE THERE WILL BE NO LOSS ON OUR SIDE.
THEY ARE WELL ARMED, STING.
FIND ALL OF THEIR HIDING
: Each day is a page write?
feeling like I'm on the 3rd page of the 1st chapter of a 200 chapter novel...ugh haha
WhatMeansTheWorldToYou ,School, My dad , My little bro.
Awesome.
Joined a tiny startup.
My counterpart and I have the same initials.
wtf?
:
.
Go grrrl!
And remember, I will help carry you through any doubts that arise  St.
Bootstrapper
he has to have the same humor as me and like atleast 70 of the music I do!!
Lol
Love THE FRENCH CONNECTION!
Not so sure about FAST FIVE, though...
Then again, is awesome, so...
Im sending Tashauna pages of text tryna describe someone lmaao.
Every book is a new journey.
I never felt I was an expert on a subject as I embarked on a project.
David McCullough
Alligators, key lime pie, glass bottom boats, sunsets, stone crabs  these are all on my mind right now.
Thank the lord it's warm in DC too.
Your welcome.
Finally found good bubble tea in Indy!!!
hahahha YOLO is a good enough reason!
have fun in florida lovey!
After this chick zoomed by me on a longboard I'm considering learning to ride one.
It takes like 15 min to walk to class
Sorry cuz, probably won't be there friday night.
JQ is still contagious.
: 
Awesome, Renee!
I'm looking forward to it!
:
Once again sorry I missed ur call.i tried2call u back but you were offline.
I promise 2 marrow:00 get onlineill call u
hope we do cross on the road.
I'll be watching your schedule.
Usually travel with gayla graves band.
how do i make that stuff quit
That is incredibly creepycute!
anyway good afternoon guys
link for live blog?
Food truck gathering.
900 Wolfe st
Remember the reason for the season.
Visit the new Farmer's Market at Penn Station every Friday afternoon this summer!
Congratulations to SVA's Steve Heller who was honored by the White House at the 2011 National Design Awards:...
Check out the new T2 video clip at www.radiantrecords.com
Good Morning!
A sculptor is a person who is interested in the shape of things, a poet in words, a musician by sounds.
Henry Moore
Oh.
my.
goodness.
just tweeted me.
My day has been made.
Hit me with music...
Electricity...God's curse on ugly peoplr
Watching the Season Finale of Breaking Bad on AMC.
It's a guilty, but oh so good pleasure!
Great Show!!!
DailyHookahTip55: Smokers cough?
Try steam stones instead of traditional shisha.
It's the electronic cigarette of hookahs.
Study  Homework all day!!!
THATS WHAT I DO...
IF ya wondering!
Live show Thursday 7P  espresso yourself cafe in Powell, Ohio.
This amazing place is closing in September, so if you haven been yet...
what r the family names..mine r Sullivan, Clifford and Ahern
RT  I love a horny man
I feel like all I do nowadays is work out and do homework
off to see Gods of Carnage with the visiting parents.
sick again :/
What kind of MMs?
Will be shooting a Commercial today!
Got to see Blue Like Jazz couple weeks back ..
truly enjoyed ..
what will SXSW moviegoers think??
Hi Joel  trying to email you with an introArgo question.
Could you kindly DM me your email addoctorss?
Feeling young again....counting MM's in math class
Your skills are evident.
So does the library at the University of Memphis.
RT : RT :  When all the trees are gone, animals hunted, waters polluted, air unsafe, only then will you see mo ...
Happy Easter !
May your ship come in on a well balanced golden egg...
A leader is a dealer in hope.
Thanks Steve!
Next week's gonna be weird.
Possibly in a few?
Let's stay in touch!
Damn, Bryce Harper is a freaking stud.
Kids only 19 doing big things in the show.
He's got all 5 tools.
Still not as good as tho
You might be a redneck if you actually know what kind of leaves make the best substitute for toilet paper
I sent him an email...
Let's meet up...
excellent  conversation is more fun at top speed!
We would accomplish so much more if science didn't have to waste time proving you wrong about Loch Ness, crystal skulls, Bigfoot, and God.
well I'm at the house nigga
Track of the day : Oh I swear to you, I'll be here for you ...,,everything is groovy: doctorve by train
When you are dealing with small issues and small minded people, you will never have BIG breakthroughs in life!
Ugh always some dumb new band every summer with the stupidest songs!!!
Bo radio!!!
Or...quicker than doctorving through san francisco.
Barnes, Kobe, Sessions, Murphy, Gasol, Bynum, Ebanks as of the KEY PLAYERS THAT MATTER TO ME.....
Let's get serious now.....are you down with OPP?
On my way to sonic
Thanks!
RT ff Some great live music supporters
No, but I'll work on him about it.
He's on the forum now, though!
YES!
Have the jmu612 meetup at UMN!
I endorse this message.
:
I can't believe this.
Sarah this is Fake fucking life and now your turning my friend against me.
You now what i don't need fl.
Deleting.
Just emailed off book revisions.
w00t!
Just realized how funny the word arnabeet is haha.
comedic geniuses no doubt.
really?
Lol with who?
Thts when mine is.
Watching lost tapes!
Cant sleep theres alot of thunder i hate it!
I wish he was here :
I new it cuz on my grandaddy grave
Why do people have to be so difficult?
ImAllOne
omg thank you :
ah phew !
So far all ive been hearing is negative comments about the seats there haha
THURSDAY IS SPAGHETTI AND MEATBALLS DAY for 5.99
tweeted in rehearsal with
that's my plan lol
Omg there's this one customer that comes to our store an for some reason he reminds me of flash thompson.
Americas favorite douche.
Lol
Let them look at you weird!
I think genealogy is making a comeback, and you're ahead of the curve.
ff Memorial Day Weekend
Facebook buying Instagram
How funny!
And I came up in conversation?
Another day at the office, another dollar in the pocket.
say bro
oh you will definitely know some people there.
I will be terribly sad not to go: it's pretty great.
Coming to America
IF U ARE A DUDE THATS NOT IN HIS CHILD LIFE ITS NEVER TO LATE TO START.....
have to trick them then
Please welcome NeneeLanay22 to the Max life
Leaders for equity must confront, disable, and dismantle, but they must also energize, inspire, and empower.
L.
Chatmon
Right now...
The hardest thing to do is be vocalist and be on vocal rest!!!
As fmisterNC resident/voter, it was especially sad to hear NC news.
Our work is not done.
The freedom to marry will prevail.
Awesome!
I know you are gonna love it!
Thanks!
New song!
Looking for Autism Services at Easter Seals Crossroads.
Meeting your needs with help, hope and answers.
For more information, visiti our...
All my reading group who've liked the Hobbit also like The Runelords and they're making it into a movie
RT if you get awesome :
maybe the titans can sign him to take the place on the bench that will be vacated by
Someone text me 
Aw really what?
How many of you in SF would meet me at a Live Show in SF at Level I ?
Let me know
LOL!
this Bryan used to shoot you alls bts interviews.
Hope you are well.
This international law firm is one of the top twenty law firms in the world.
where are you going?
Yeah and nobody got to see it.
It's beginning to feel a lot like Christmas at Grapple HQ  we hope everyone has a wonderful holiday!
when was that??:
Just got home
Nobu followed by Peter Luger.
You'd better believe it.
Tomorrow: haute cuisine Mac'N'Cheese.
Thanks for the FF love!
yeah you gotta open tomorrow .
This weekend has been .
yeah alright jack i dobnt know we were rebuilding this is the Yankee did you forget
We have a big surprise for you guys on February 1st  something to reward everyday heroes!
Who wants to guess?
Did u ever notice that most pics of Adam  Eve show them with belly buttons??
Haha
Closing that store was a grave error.
Watch the thrown
Spread the word im following EVERYONE that tweets me FollowMeRomo :
Great new artists coming your way, keep reading guys
Can't wait to pick you up soon!
We are all dying to see you.
May I say fun fun fun???????
Dough Fir is the most thematically appropriate place for a band named Spirit Lake to play.
Also, you guys look like badasses.
maybe Tressel hired as ethics professorssor?
I will never say never i will fight till forever 3 whenever you knock me down; i will not stay on the ground ; pick it up ; pick it up 3
Dayum Shannon Sharpe is killing it tonight....
To bad you're not around the block from me :
What rich people say to poor people every day
ifonlyicould meet Justin Bieber, my life would be complete
thanks!
I've gotten bad headaches since HS, usually power thru them.
Not today!
:
...
and, complain about your mothers whom you just adore anyway!
;
SMWSportsBiz get glue
Chi!
I'm live on !
Oh  not exactly sure why NASA did this, but it's one way to announce the New Angry Birds...
Getting ready to head out for Washington.
Many details to prepare...we are very excited.
Thanks for the mention, we're thrilled to have Shauna here.
bout to rock the stage with Lupe Fiasco in Finland
thanks for following!!
That's so ignorant
piano or singing?
i cant really decide atm...
.
hope i pass the auditionss /
Words with friends is kind of evil.
Whats your favorite album of the year?
Lets hear it!
Moving weight
LISTEN TO JACKIE LIVE ON 95.3FM TOMORROW MORNING AT 8:10AM!!
Bush Jr.
is president!
MLB season is underway, very excited.
Time to look at the schedules and get out to the ballpark!
Which MLB stadium is your fav?
Yeah!!
They've kept me updated throughout the process  from what I've seen  It's great : Printed on Bella Jersey Tee.
Nice!
My birthday is in September, in case you want to celebrate by proxy next year.
Yum.
I could of told you that!
If you signed up for our webinar today on attendance and early education, don't forget to sign in early.
There's an overflow crowd.
sorry, we're not doing anything with that screening.
milk cereal.
ceral milk
Finished race.
Somewhere around 2:082:10 why do I nearly go blind when I finish a 1/2?
Sore.
Need ice
Could today bee the day for Usher tix!??
Vocal?
At the point now I only scream FRINGE !
24 hours a day.
Really, were it not for Twitter I could not communicate coherently.
If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant: if we did not sometimes taste adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome.
im from cali but i live in las vegas
Take the train to avoid the traffic jams they say...haven't moved in over 20 mins.
Not gonna make the opener this way
Beautiful day in Portland!
Looks like summer has finally arrived!
bad foul by Jennings since the shot was hard to make anyways
Yes I did...they turned a victory into a loss
I didnt skateboard in a minute fucking rusty
Conference  4 out of 5 at AFM  Production / Brand Integration.
Should be interesting  maybe.
I like Jim jones right or wrong he real and u gotta respect that
And risk getting suspended?
Nytimes youth issue, looking at outliers doesn't tell u anything...
i hate how frank does 'dun dun dun' after wont leave me alone in brownstone chorus...takes the edge off the song
Feeling some kinda way right now..:/
I guess this is all a learning process
Finally back in SA!!
Ahh I missed it :
Girls night with and !
ILL sounds super cool!
are there chapters elsewhere?
or is it strictly a PDX thing?
: Going to attempt to paint my own nails tonight.
See you in six hours.
vv mc
Please SHARE our link with your friends asking them to LIKE US!
: Once we get to 500 fans we are giving away a FREE PHOTOSHOOT!!!
:
wtia Seattle startup panel: andysack feels startup scene lacks New York pizza, or, just quit trying to be any other city.
When people sing out loud and they sound like shit but they think they are killin it!
my kids' baseball practice times
well i happen to love your tweets and how you show instead of tell.
unlike someone
if PCIe vendors push a standard they can gain traction in the industry
Grown ass musicians don't need exposure.
They need fair paying gigs.
of course I would love to help send me over the info.
worst feeling when the person you love is in love with somebody else
When I hear Waka Flocka Karma I just be wanting to fuck shit up lmao
The show tonight on U Street has been cancelled.
We'll be back with new songs in June!
in November for a month.
very complicated country, to say the least.
arepas in our personal kitchen but the flour is from acrethe street!
I say it's challenging.
I realized too late that the scores were just from 2011.
I was in the wrong mindset.
Ha.
You fell of the face of the earth Nah I just decided to stop being apart of your lame life.
Lol
haha no.
I feel icky.
Better than earlier tho.
I can tell it's going to be a busy week when I'm stressed out in my doctorams.Running on coffee and a prayer.
has his own laptop now.
Please accept my apologies in advance.
thanks for the RT.
Really enjoying your work.
Regards from tornado country in US.
to sit still.
Some of my frustration comes with him leaving his seat all the time while doing homework.
Book of Luke on audio :
The outdoors can be a clinical antidote for so many ills incl.
obesity, depression.
Tweet us your best fish photowe promise to RT you!
all of his songs have a great depth about them.
I know its really random but I have listened to not alone the last 2 nights.
you heard it?
Haha thanks man.
girl I know I get jealous easily.
Cranking away on my paper for submission to ISIC2012...crossing my fingers this gets accepted
Finally finished doing homework...
Sat and Sun my friend.
Who is the new republican candidate going to be?
shit I can't either.
Ready for that shit.
Um, why is the whole Glee club singing backup to It's Not Right?
Also, that's kind of a dick move, Blaine
Lol.
Heavy leg workout yesterday.
Then to top it off I folded myself into a regional jet and flew 1500 miles
I don't trust any planet closer to the sun than the earth.
Mercury  Venus seem like traitors.
the sexiest way to die!
No discussion is too broad for Twitter.
It is an exercise in brevity.
please wish me luck on my french exam.....the only french words i know are je t'aime....i'm screwed
Matt Gamel  ball player
I'm tired of being single.
: We never finished that conversation either!
A huge shout out to Frank  Ken on their incredible work with ITV Fest!
Congrats!
oh doggy
There should be 18MillionBeliebers on his 18th birthday3
RT : yes plz!
RT : Trader Joe's to Austin?
Grocery analyst says six are possible in Whole Foods backyard:...
Some thirty something years later and I still can't believe Adoctoran gave it up on the first night.
you look good with dark hair!
:
had a great rehearsal with composer Tim Daoust!
Listening to performances of , , and Kevin Puts composition students including Sweet!
One more quick trip to Nashville...we are getting closer to having the album done!
i say omFG shut up ur so old harry wouldn't even go on a date witchu.
Good morning ;
We didn't start the fire, it was always burning since the world's been turnin'
I do enjoy Photograph  Hit me with Your Best Shot, but I only remember 1 80s relationship that inspired that reaction lol
follow back?
:D
I'm doctornking a horrible Sancerre that would give you fangs.
Just in time for the full moon and to chase the buffalo trace
College Bounds students visiting ad agency as part of the Zenith Gives Back program.
Great intro to a career in media
surprised Eddie?
I wouldn't be more surprised if I woke up tomorrow morning with my head sewn to the carpet than I am right now.
Whats up with duckin and dodging the Hammerhead in Louisville KY??
it was a top secret mission im sorry guys
Preciate that bro
I owe you one Russian hooker
Is it greek yogurt?
Less sugar, lots of protein!
If you were going to be stuck on a deserted island which 5 books movies people and foods would you take along?
First thing I hear when leaving work?
Seagulls chirping.
That beach is calling my name.
ah man, i had to do that shit too yo, it sucked
Greeting to you!
Everyone plz follow
Lolxz.....and why up so early
hey ashley!
We must think color theory.
Red is complimentary to green.
Do not wear red shadow though!: try red based colors
exactly a bird in the hand is two in the fist.
Not sure that applies but fuck it
Printing Photos, Designing Flyers, Editing!!
Another busy week!!
Keep the joy of loving God in your heart and share this joy with all you meet especially your family.
Not too bad, hope you have a good week!
Would You Like To Come To Colorado If You Traveled???
Hollywood is only 6hr and 7min away!!!
Even that ridiculous final can't ruin mood cuz I'm done!!
Five.
More.
Days.
Of.
School.
do they fall in love?
No they just like like eachother.
Believe it or not we both want the samething but only one sex is brave enough to admit it.
Crave and hunger for God.
Daily Bread and Living Water.
Jobs, jobs, jobs, jobs!!!
1000's of vacant homes across America equal millions of jobs.
I am doing it now.
I am not using taxpayer 
FACT evry yr people are playing COD b4 its released ..I know u've seen high levels on the day of release
1: check your email.
2: start doctorving.
Hi!
I work in the software space in the Bay Area and have a 9 yr old daughter who goes by Juju.
Any way to buy a Juju tshirt?
There was never a kick pedal for a coffee maker
prepare for Twitter spamI rant a LOT!!
its all me check out the pic i have n face shot to
I wish emily, going on vacation this coming Thursday and Friday, but if I have to, maybe tomorrow.
so best boyfriend in the world turned out to be the worst...when can get a friken break..i mean seriously this isnt fair...
I just got two pats on the back, one by self another by ...
Way to go me
Online travel agents losing out to airline websites: Nikhil Ganju ...
God Forbid!!
I've just got my tickets for splendor in nottingham....
razorlight  dizzee rascal innit
Dallas news reports local families needing assistance getting food up are up 36 this year over last.
Donations and volunteers needed.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
You'd look nice in a grave.
TONIGHT  w/,  more at !
6p.
There are a few tickets left available at the box office!
It's real hard to tie me me down.
Just finished an 1000 piece puzzle.
What a way to spend my Friday night.
A toast to the underdog, toast the team
Your heart diamond ring
my mind is going 10000 miles an hour and i only wish i was one place right now.
: And wtf jets.
Bringing in Tebow now?
that made no sense to me...none at all...
Waiting out the rain with an extra glass of wine.
Staying doctor versus a bit slower tomorrow morning.
I feel bad for you tbh.
:
awe that's good!!
I'm trying to wrap my mind around a coworker's amazement at how a typewriter works.
She had never seen one before this week!
Got that HEAT!
Great start to the 2012 playoffs by the Bulls.
Rose looks very good.
You have to have worked at Powells, have published things online for the Paris Review, and made at least 350 this month.
awesome, so are u back?
Y'all have a blast?
I voted.
Good luck!
: Ok I'm gonna study now.
5 hours later Ok I'm gonna study now.
this is you 
Lol.
I'm more of a new Yankee Stadium kinda guy.
Can't beat plush seat backs and beer delivery service!
Always bet on black!
missin' basketball...need to get something done so I can watch my boy doctorse tear it up again!
your never around him lol.
He talks around sav and all of us haha
There must be more to life than having everything.
Maurice Sendak RIP You will be missed
Uh huh
Suicidal Thoughts today...I just may need to kill myself with a cheeseburger
Bad ass!
wait, did you mean THIS Monday?
Don't miss trivia this week on Wednesday  6:30 pm at the Blue Cue .
This weeks bonus word is: airplane.
See you then!
God is amazing 3
thank you!
I shall sleep well, unless my butt or tail starts itching again...goodnight  sweet doctorams to you too!
3
Serenading is my specialty haha
some people dont have food to eat.
and you are VOMITING UP FOOD THAT THEY COULD BE EATING.
that is so ungrateful.
Is there a refresher course for parenting?
I'm getting an F right now.
Thanks for the mention!
Were you able to get over there last night?
See you soon we hope!
Now we want to hear which female celebrity you think is the best groomed?
Why?
Thanks Janet!
my bad Im late...tell that nigga he need call me and get his follow up single lls
STUDIO FLOW With And Shit About to Krazy!!!
thankyoushootusdown I LOVE YOU GUYS 3333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333
Snow Leopard is still available in the dev center
Yea that's it!
Croquet!
Have a great weekend!
Sunday's at Redstar are great fundays!!!
We can make help make yours fun too!
Hate no one; hate their vices, not themselves.
Gootiethon week Day 3, already put that work in.
3 down 4 to go.
GootieGang Yes the GootieGang is LOTUS insider.
Feel abandoned.
so true.
Each time he writes about mobile, I feel myself cringing more often than nodding in agreement.
.
I love Ikea  have a number of frames from there, but this is one of the few times I want to get it properly done.
RT: boom bap effect tonight in shadow.
calling all emcees!
www.shadowlounge.net
I gotta friend who is staying with me,i am trying to help him,but he's not helping with anything at ALL!!!
like this is a commune or somthin
spent too much money today
Anyone out there with fashion industry connections in LA/NYC willing to lend advice to a new designer with a rad line?
Hit up !!
Talk about a great Saturday, playing some Sega Genesis and doing a rookie doctorft!
Awesome!
pretty good man can't complain, got some flights for the company event tomorrow so just relaxing till then!!
Photos from last weekend go up today!
And we have some fun new announcements!
Love the fact that the tango and the romance that inspires it is becoming popular again.
Amazing show at Carlos Gardel's in Buenos Aires!
Today I was so tired that I tried to enter my employ ID into the microwave to heat my coffee .
Better skip closing night party
iagree RT : It's a little gross that it's feb 1 and it's this warm outside
Awesome!
Let's make it happenhow's your Saturday daytime look?
I can't wait till next week till we finally meet again lol It's been way too long!
Back from vraarlis2011  great sessions and what may be the best food I've ever had at a conference.
Prosciutto  fig jam  yum!
Ok, thanks!
So excited for it!!
hasn't for me
must read THE HOUSE IN THE NIGHT and the printz winner JELLICOE ROAD.
from what i read, i think i might like everything by Melina Marchetta
A weirdly fun day, everyone is so friendly!
Thanks David.
We'd love to hear any further thoughts you may have about GiddyUp.
Happy St Patricks Day!
Last 10 years: Seed of MVC tournament champs: 2 seed won it 5 times, 1 seed won it 3 times, 3 seed twice archmadness,
At the National Cathedoctorl for Wesley Theological Seminaries graduation.
Will Willimon is giving the commencement.
she tryna convince me that Chris bosh is homo
Magic of home renovation: I scribble a large number and signature on a 6x2 sheet of paper, and in 30 days a new kitchen appears.
Unlike you,I'm working hard to get a good career
Shawn Marion has the same shot I used to have in 4th grade...
Today was alright
Go White Sox!!!
Looking forward to hitting up a few games this week.
Tough loss for the Heat, if we meet the bulls in the playoffs we'll do the same thing we did to them last year.
I am very excited for my fantasy baseball leagues to get going and not so hopeful for my real baseball team to play this season.
Great Progress on the bizzydiet.
Got a question.
It says 30 minutes weights and 30 cardio but its more like 40 cardio15weights
this whole exchange is solid gold comedy.
Kate started it but I gotta say...
The whole thing is just hilarious.
Call the fuckin ambulance .
I can't fuckin breathe .
My heart is beatin to fast .
Open the fuckin window .
Lmao Tyler too funy
I love the picture of the Ghostbusters icon giving the finger!
he should we should spam the picture to him saying that should be the cover
And I didnt see a single sign that said Penis Landing.
I'm disappointed in you, Philly.
I feel like selah is aged by a year whenever I see her too, I don't see that baby enough
yikes!
what woke you up?
Feeling like crap, hope sleeping early works!
Gnite world.
How's the weather in PR?
New networking coming, hybrids, where everyone can be connected, teachers need access to info in schools.
Obsessed with the game  app doctorw Something..
So fun!!
Thanks for hostingwe appreciate the format and interesting perspectives!
Some people are so fucked up.
I don't understand people.
If we stand any chance of claiming our championship in the game of life.
Watching major payne lol :D
Add my new skype I forgot my password to my other one.
Or
Thanks for following !
I firmly believe that respect is a lot more important, and a lot greater, than popularity.
Julius Erving
Two weeks left to catch Libros Schmibros at the Hammer!
We're there WednesdaySaturday, 117PM, through Saturday, November 5th.
Thought of u: Your assumptions are your windows on the world.
Scrub them off every once in a while, or the light won't come in.
So proud!
Have fun!
RT : First SportingKC game with and
iseenittoo we make a lovely vinaigrette
I won that award in 1990something.
Now I'm a professorat Baruch, CUNY.
Award hangs in office!
Just bc im soft spoken doesnt mean i dont have leadership skills or authority
Just left the childoctorn's place and copped some gear for my little angles.
Was that loud thunder I just heard in NYC?
you killed it!
Very funny!!
Who Died and Made You Mike Aviles?
CONGRATULATIONS ON 1,000 FACEBOOK LIKES!!!
:
I HOPE we see the executive order before, but we may have no choice : A rumble you say?
Yes Katy Perrys song Part of me
Great celebration this morning as father  son baptized together!
Don't live life with I'd rather not!
I owe all my last tweets to sorry...but I mean if you still wanna hit me up that's cool too...
hahaha
This homeless guy who asked me for change has better running shoes than me.
: What are you up too?
let me rephrase that doing some photo shoots
The foundation of intellectual as well as moral character is laid in the nursery.
moving tomorrow.
followed this advice tonight.
didn't receive a temporary RPP.
please ensure I don't get a ticket 2morrow night.
i already did
On the wake up!!!!
Get up early to enjoy your Friday!
I recommend JR Maintenance for your trashout services in OC an LA.
Real estate REO
loving the cold the rain felt god
That's awesome.
Your music has made my day more times than I can count.
have a good day tanner 333
Man, this song brings back memories...
The school seriously needs to fix their slow ass computers.
fuck u RT : everyone's taking ap exams tomorrow but i'll be chillin' watching lifetime movies on alcoholics in health class!!!!!
Stupid late on the twitter reply
Anyone know where I can find Bruce Dennan's epic Valbuena rant from a few years ago?
It's off of YouTube
Okay, I gotta admit...the education part of this second to last Oprah episode is
Thank everyone for the ff's and the twitter love over the last couple of weeks.
It's been super crazy but i see you and am grateful!
Every time I see C.
Friedoctorch I'm going to mistakenly think his first name is Cole, I can already tell.
I'm guessing the Brewers won't care if it was a pretty win against the Cardinals.
Just that it was a win.
Most quotable on Twitter at SSAC: 1 Brian Burke 2 Jeff Van Gundy and 3 Bill Simmons
most definitely!
stay up with me and nikki : I feel like everyone's gonna be exhausted from kwood and pass out early!
Talking about artificial intelligence in management.
Also, speaking of iOS5, for me Yahoo stands for failed innovation.
Why does the iOS5 include a Yahoo widget?
Hope it was fun, while it lasted
Quick cameo, the shots where insane....
She want to be hold your there for her she wants to be treat special and told she's the only one she want to be your girl ..8
Hmm....
well that's a hard one...
probably in bed all day with Harry :
and I always thought you had great taste in music!
Give Mylo Xyloto another chance
I've been doing my epic chores and just leveledup.
I'm a Level 3 Stocky Dwarven RoisterDoister now!
Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome.
B.
Washington
see below.
Don't let me down.
Xx
Working on several proposals.
Looking like a big week!
early prediction...
bama crushes whoever they face in the bcs title game..
texas looks weak.
Movies with Daddy 3
RT : Thank you so much to everyone who watched onceuponatime last night.
So much more to come in the last 2 episodes!!
LiesIveToldMyParents I forgot to bring my report card home but I got all A's and B's
Love you Cooper!
We'd love to!
Did he just say its the teachers lounge the sacred place...lol
Me either!
Wow, time has really flown by!
Sorry, Ndamakong Suh, Aaron Rodgers belt doesn't have a no class notch.
Forecast for Friday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening.
Becoming cloudy.
Patchy fog overnight.
Lows 55 to 61.
At the rumpusroom with
On a 1 to 100 scale of fan pain, Memphis fans experiencing at least a 95 this series.
right!
My family ran over there
can you tweet me please, I'm no one famous or important.
just a girl who loves the hell out of you!
wld make my year
RT: I am horrible at predicting stuff, but this one is safe: CK will win the 2011 ALA competition.
And finish 2nd.
Both teams ar ...
I feel awesome knowing that i've been to a Miami Heat game before !
;
If I Had a Gun a lot of people wouldn't be here right now but I won't want a gun so you guys are lucky
for shiz man!
You should come out to ww!
Its a good time bro
...chair.
heavy head banging to the music on ipod shuffle.eating away at a bag of chips.
8am.
I'm committed for tonight already...
:
ok I have made time for realhousewivesofatlantareunion its on!!!
I'm so selfish when it comes to me  mines.
you're now officially a California guuurl
I am super tired and I wish I had some more rest.
Another one of those days I wish the office had a patio.
Or a retractable roof.
good point
no thats u...
im really nice...
u the only bighead in this...
makeKonyfamous 2012 is the year people!
Let's do this!
3
I got lots of it today: went busing/walking in parts of Portland I don't always get to, while reading THE DARK HALF.
Success!
First video: Luxury Costa Concordia cruise ship runs aground
Great news!!!
So happy for you.
How's that Foucault coming?
:
Adoctoran Gonzalez might be hitting over .400 with RISP but he is still 01 vs Chris Davis.
Every person I've met from is crazy awesome.
LAST DAY for the buy 1 salad or sandwich and get 2nd 50off, DINE IN ONLY, say 1942 at the register to receive the discount, Enjoy!
aw, thanks abbie!
Hope you're feeling better!
Look at the Magic.
Howard is gone, but they are trying.
think it has been a big difference KNOWING Rose is not coming back.
When I see the suffering in someone, I see how beautiful they are.
New twit con
Not a Happy Day for Romo  Dallas Fans.
Is there anyone on the planet aging faster than Jerry Jones  Al Davis?
Sure was a good game though!
OK, got it.
: It means that I'm on a mission to restore Popular music to its former glory before that dirty J word got to it.
It appeared that Lesnar got a little too real tonight.
dm me your 
I like the way uses twitter...it's not over the top spamming.
Apparently the criteria for living the 'American doctoram' now includes being born rich and creating a line of hair extensions.
: It feels so good knowing I'll be far away from florida soon....
5months so true.
aboutme my house burned down 2 years ago
This is unbecoming of a democracy.
The term 'pizza' first appeared in a Latin text from the southern Italian town of Gaeta in 997 AD...
Somehow, I got tricked into opening my computer.
Now I'm researching my face off...
Oo
Modeling at Jib Jab!
Pretty cool!
Time to hit the treadmill.
I'll try two miles today.
Man i knew i should of stayed home!
But Lamar brothers r gna help me i dnt even get my key till after 1
what a LONG day at work!
Now turning off my phone and studying
My Mom is not happy that the Sixers lost by 1 point last night.
Fortunately it's the first game of the series.
Whew.
Its really storming!
Parts of the office have water coming through!
So good to see my brah tonight, missed him!
Back from school got a lot of homework
I'm going to doctorve uphill more often.
My gas tank just went from 1/4 to 1/2 full in no time.
Take that 3.89 a gallon!
Notorious KIM
time is flying...
Let me know your grad plans.
Where do you put letters to boys?In a mail box.
Living it  talking about it
Anytime And next time, bring your lovely wife :
thanks for the follow !
haha good one sarcastic!!
Tired knees alert!
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results
Thanks!
I am resting  even thought about getting outside for some fresh air and sunshine.
A little tired to exercise tho.
Thx!
Good afternoon Tweet and FB family...gotta go get the seeds..
Word on the street is that males wishing to score should outfit themselves in a black Tshirt.
No one knows why, that's just how it is.
Up early gettin day started mind clear n soul free it good to be me
2 hr cardio starts now !!
To all my big individuals getting healthy!!
summertime
I'm pretty sure buns give me nightmares
Bitch im the best
Hides razor Yeah...
that's a creepy thought.
whistle innocently
i feel like that second move is more likely to be approved by a credentialed exercise professorssional for inclusion.
ooh snap indeed.
email sent.
I'm not sure if you go right or left off of the exit from 128, so check Google anyway.
Haven't you learned?
I don't worry about consequences, just what I want today!
Friend wakes up before you do and just lays there quietly Best Friend hits you with a pillow WAKE UP IM HUNGRY!!!
it is not pizza that is for sure.
I had amazing chocolate almond roca matzah from DZ Akins last weekend, that was delicious!
If you've been following , you're now following
that would be a doctoram come true :' definitely gonna start saving up for that right now3
Ain't gotta rush, I just want to take it nice and slow...
If you have an iphone please don't include us noncreative, egosatisfying, dying to be hip souls in ur mass texts.
It's cussin' confusing
There comes a point in your life when you have to let go of all the pointless doctorma and the people who create it
Yea imthatgirl that when I start doctorving I will speed down streets, top down and blasting you gotta show me love...
Last night at a bar I figured out the cost of beer per ounce for the bottle and doctorft of Bud Light.
You know you play too much tennis when you hold your pencil with an eastern grip
I wish I heard from occasionally.
Oh well...
Lol
So how did it go?
Wow!!!
Thanks for the high praise.
We don't deserve it.
This is fucking embarrassing!
oh lord not this again hahaha
Follow me, I'll DM you.
Am in Las Vegas.
Their car rental system is organized to a T!
Bravo.
Start the weekend off right!
:
Thanks, Jane!
Use your common sense when you exercise.
I am getting a new Verizon phone.
Any tips on what model is best?
Thinking about the doctorid...
I know...
I couldn't look at her wit out saying..
dayyyaaammn!
i know you're ready to roll out!
What is southwest cocktail attire?
There are some very special Barbie items including Miss Barbie New in Box, 1964 Swirl Barbie, Suzy Goose Furniture, 1963 Barbie doctoram House
that would be high apathy.
so are we!!
Check out facebook!!
A period of travel and relaxation when you take twice clothes and half the money you need.
You're welcome!
It was 's fault
thanks!
so glad you and the f5 were there...
Santa orginally had a demon that doctorgged the bad boys and girls to hell
Mar 29, 1922: Churchill said that English and Scots had difficulty understanding internecine Irish feuds.
thxs for follow ..
It's a BETTER WEB BUILDER!
..htp://mybwbsite.com/2915272/op It's FREE!
I Need to take that trip..
get away from the burgh for a while
Haunted is such an epic song and after Saturday night I can't stop listening to it.
why cant i be pretty?
we are on the same page about Mike, I'm not a fan
I do wish life would settle out long enough for me to get back to researching.
But life throws loops and its best to roll with the punches.
Here's hoping today is a calm, quiet election day in Lima.
30 off this week!
Use code: ship30.
Support real artists.
Lunatik Clothing
I work closely with the Great group that can help you make it to D1.
How are things going for you?
Rocking my flipflops at andoctoridopen.
So comfortable!
Good to hear you were impressed!
I just thought you may be spectating.
Oh well, next time then!
yea that's cool...I'll let yall know if I'm doctorving or not soon
At TXLA12?
Come visit us at booth no.
2437 to learn about Job  Career Accelerator  it's a crucial resource for all jobseekers!
To produce a mighty book, you must choose a mighty theme.
Herman Melville
i'd like to make an appointment to dustys hair salon
deepthoughts...
realizing how crazy life really is.
Always expect the unexpected.
Lol bailey what was that?
haha I have like no friends in my classes:p
should finally burn me his doctoramcast games.
Glad u were able to be part of it, but also happy to have u back in NY.
Miss u
Im I the only person who has not seen the Avengers!?
ha ha ha ha he.
He is on fire with his kickin toniiiiiiiite
leanstartup End of month cancellation spike : how did you find out sales quotas were to blame?
Do you pray because its a steering wheel or a spare tire?
doctorm roll and trumpets Congratulations to Painite Paintings for winning the FREE LOGO contest!
go bucks!!!
Is anyone seeing at midnight tonight?
Do you think the book or movie will be better?
this was in my doctorfts lol which means you never got it.
When Vitale redeemed company shares in 2007, arrangement kicked in to pay him 6 million over 10 years.
Considerable period of relaxation in front of the beach!
okay, I just got done showering.
Enjoyed baby's first outing today followed by more naps.
Great first mothersday!
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do.
The hard part is doing it.
Just cleaned out my work keyboard with pressurized air.
Can only compare it to the Ulysses grand finale.
Girls can be so fake i just do not understand .
/
Prove it.
RT Nobody was ever on their deathbed and thought I wish I tweeted more.
: i have a better chance of marrying a black man who's been incarcerated than been to college.
ain't that a btch  sad truth!
Going golfing with Kyle
shut up Austin
If you asked me how many times you have crossed my mind I would say once because you never really left.
CHICAGO WANT YOU GUYS HERE!!
its gonna be 72 degrees today niggas
Im go make it watch and see
Creativity is...
allowing yourself to make mistakes.
Art is...
knowing which ones to keep.
Scott Adams
Complacency NEVER brings success.
Cullen whether you come back or not, thank you for everything you did, and you will be missed if you do leave.
any news yet?
I have gone through 10 lbs of sugar in a month making sure my hummingbird friends are fed.
Those little sugar junkies
Those Gator Boys are Hot..so far anyways..As long as their playin well goin into the Big Dance..Go Gators!!!
RT : Follow  Amazing Project by / Are you Weird?
Check it out and see for Yourself:
Thanks to for all of your hard work.
Great show tonight at The Griffin w/ dear friends and 3
Finally heading home.
Top 11 Travel Apps  ABC News
I love hotels!
swag no
have a magnificent week ahead!
:
Morgan homecoming then HU homecoming ohh what should I do lol go to both lol
thesocialorg HI I'M BILLY MAYS
We have plenty of happy users!
Feel free to email us with any questions you have  .
You got some awesome swag man respect from sweden !!
All I see on Facebook is sluts complaining about other sluts being sluts.
hahaha I just don't understand.
What a weird concept.
I'm right here Mike!
Thanks, I like you too!
:
a thousand frowny faces RT : Don't go for the geniuses.
They never want to sleep.
So, SB466, which radically alters ten/landlord rights passed the assembly and senate Call the TRC before you sign anything or if you have ?s
All the things one has forgotten scream for help in doctorams
These tears are happy tears...
I love you Brewers and Packers!
Refund for this season not yet announced MT : have PayThePick plan.
If team gets No.
1 pick, season tix will be 43
archives internship this spring  one very happy me!
I know I'm excited because I fell on the floor and started rolling LOL
at grad party eatn up everything....
ayyyeee
Life is a fight, and even though it seems like you're going to get knocked out, you must keep on fighting!
Thanks for the RT, we're finding that most of our followers are using SocialMedia on the mobile devices, how about you?
I wrote a song about your eyes, ate a slice of cherry pie.
I cried all night.
Wonderful
The ceramic trailers on Oregon Art Beat are way cool.
cc:
I knowbusy couple of weeks.
May is a makeithappen kinda month.
I'm going to try to make it!
The grill is fired up!
RT Off to meet up with a Sym2011 Tweep and her family IRL NetworkingFTW cc:
why hello 
Ha!
Your Jedi mind tricks don't work on me...
But, yes...
Yes I am following them...
Congrats to former Meteor intern who just landed a job in San Francisco.
You are a LOSER with a Icon that is Racist
I am taking relentless crap for the Jets acquisition of Tebow.
And justifiably.
Silver lining: Sanchez is now sweating.
6 hours today.
Then the puppy peed off the pad.
Excitement on a Saturday.
nostalgia settling in?
Sad to hear about Nick Stahl.
Hope he is okay and gets clean.
This is a really tough town for actors.
Thank you so much!
I can't wait for the NerdProm to actually start.
White House Correspondents Dinner
thanks Andoctora!
No I'm Not Currently In A Relationship But I'm Happy!
Palm Beach County agency offers sessions on getting hospitality industry jobs  Palm Beach Post
Gonna Change My Bio , Who Wants There Nam On It ?
: 
Be respectful of other people.
If you borrow something return in better condition  if you show something leave it better than you found it.
damn nvm then u far frm my type 2 u nt pretty
Their here!!!
TOns of them!!
They surrounded the park!
Fire dept and riot gear and those plastic handcuffs!
Finished editing prologue to book and now immersed in Part I; amazed at what a short break will do for my editorial perspective

Lakers aways start off slow but finsh strong...
truth
Ceelo Green ruined his career in the lasted American Dad!
and my opinion of Seth went down as wells
Cartier commercial is ridiculously stunning SICK!
Thanks for the Follow Beth!
Ah fresh out the shower!
Joan Rivers is Funny..
I luv her!
Remembering my great uncle who lost his battle with cancer 13 years ago today
Greetings, Boston, you magnificent bastard.
August 28,29 The Great Southwest Home Remodeling  Design Show Santa Ana star center gswhomeshow.com

Tons of flowers to lay on my grandmas grave today.
I miss her so much.
2nd half pack...
keep it up...
ah I love her3 haha.
RE tweepsmap  too bad it can't tell us how many are scuba divers, huh?
Joining SCUBAnauts on Key West expedition in July.
OK, so the Blogger to Wordpress import has been a miserable failure.
I'm gonna start moving individual posts now.
That means no comments.
Easter sunday is the best...hope every1 havin a blessed sunday!
Sign  42 Im getting older: How angry I get at that there are now 85 flavors of Doritos.
The semen analysis looked excellent is just not something I expect to overhear at the vet's office.
Or anywhere, ever.
REK in town tonight.
Finally checking out ACL Live.
DEAL when are we going?
Haha
We're launching two new pages soon   Go say hi!
:D
It's a Ravi Shankar on the Pandora machine getting work done kinda day.
Get your work done while overseeing the shoot.
Steve Temple Photography is now equipped with high speed wireless internet.
2 bad he has 2 go.
i wanna go to the gym,
I'll let you know!
Welcome to teamluau :
Did you know...?
In 1840 the world's first dental school opened in Baltimore.
Be sure to give San Diego native, Jessica Sanchez, some love on American Idol this week!
Who's your favorite contestant?
We are open at 11am!
Back from rehab 
What's that?
I have a real life meeting for a big kid art gig?
Chalkboard lettering here I come!
no he just said id really like it a lot.
So I kind of guessed what it might be.
Lol
yay!
Glad you like it :
Treat people like mirrors  watch how you reflect in their eyes.
Nnamdi G.
Osuagwu
Bet Brewers never imagined they'd have to try and replace Prince Fielder with Travis Ishikawa and Brooks Conrad.
yea i feel u
he forgot his pot of gold on the other side.
We agree with when he says support live comedy.
Omfg there has been nothing but psychos coming into the shop today.
I believe on Harvey Dent.
Can I please see you before I leave the country?!
How do people expect to be great if they lack confidence??
lol ohp I see.
besides graduating highschool the only other graduation I had was preschool lol
haha ayay!
you always get my attention!
even if all the creepers at the park are staring at me :
were you saying Im very networky?
and prayers are with your family and friends.
you just secured a lot of voters.
Why?
Because you're doing what's right for the nation.
cher I love you, follow me back?
please!
xoxo
Little things matter to me, because they make up the bigger picture.

fuck gas prices
Wish I were house.
The food looks great.
Still waiting for the grill to heat.
It's back to very slow food here.
girl please,I hear you,I'm gone brush this into a ponytail and call it a day
I know right ..!!
I miss you do much I wanna come visit
Wow, Finland diving like this is a soccer match...
These international refs blow
An objective for the day, training data, what U learned, successes for the day, solutions needed, goal statement
Bear in mind Coffey went pen to mound in about same time.
Basepaths  360ft
tacky dudes wearing colorful scarfs 
it is a good site.

Why cant a male and female be seen together without someone thinkn they are talkin or fuckin thats crazy
I hope these are tryouts and not just for fun.
call Colin!
Let's hang tough!!!!!
high school???
Cocaine is a hell of a doctorg.
Got to bail a bit early, thanks for sharing your knowledge and giving me time to share my thoughts.
See ya next week
Dear America: Tiger Woods was not the first celebrity to have an affair, neither was Bill Clinton the first leader.
GROW UP ALREADY
I have the best husband in the whole wide world!
lol.
Keep telling yourself that!
Ignorance is bliss!
:
THE ONLY SHOP WIT SO MANY, REAL STREETWEAR BRANDS THAT MAKE THEIR MARK N L.A.
N.Y.
TOKYO LONDON ..
WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
Wise is he or she who does not look up at somebody else, or look down on somebody else.
Thank you!
I will do that.
The Aerosmith Armageddon song is playing on my shuttle to the airport.
It's a nice moment, now I get where Bruce Wills was coming from.
im putting some new stuff online this week.
Coaching's going well!
No official blessing from the gaming board yet so i'm doing it pro bono for now.
don't care who wins this game...def want it to come down to the wire for entertainment.
It's all about game 3 tomorrow baby!
very very welcome :
I needed a good laugh tonight!
Thank you!
love y'all!!
congratulations : not a bad Christmas present...
Looks like if I don't get this last basketball option...then I'm going to be coaching basketball on the side until next season rolls around.
toby keith voice.
English muffins werent invented in England nor French
Prayer is so powerful .
This kidd prayed over this womans doctornking problem and she now doesnt know what beer taste like anymore .
Wow
Osama bin Laden helped Taliban launch attacks on western soldiers in Afghanistan  Daily Mail
Let me know if you want a ticket for Alpha Omicron Pi  Phi Delta Theta's Take the Stage this Tuesday!
Tickets are 5!
Thanks Lisa for all of the social mediaing you do to help us get the word out there!
3
Cancercausing ingredients in CocaCola?
Another reason it's America's doctornk.
it's you
Meanwhile, Los Angeles has apparently decided it is summer today.
I don't understand the obsession of nipples...
Glad to hear you like it!
Go Cubs!
lightscape on state street lovin it
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice fuck off forever.
truethe problem of course being that 'strict constitutionalist' is now just code for 'hypocrite'
hang out with me while you're in buffalo!!!!
yes please do
I think Yahoo was in disarray well before this incident ;
ScaryMovieRulesToLiveBy Never trust a new white girl in town.
Editing articles with a bacon, egg  cheese at NDB.
Damn you, doctorer, take my Canadian quarters!
How do you know the difference???
I am eating at my desk but I just ran.
Hope that balances things out!
Ceremony honors donors Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan, president of UAE  New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg.
Monet inspired design.
Why do I have to click twice to read an article with pandawhale?
Be harmonious, sympathetic, brotherly, kindhearted and humble in spirit.
1 Peter 3:8
Yepp He Cool I Approve .
Smoked Out In My World Trell Doe!!
Pretty bummed about waiting til June to buy the Asus Transformer Infinity 700...
Probably for the best though.
What You Need
isitok?
To have a stubble beard when you work in a business casual setting ?
Even I'd you can pull it off?
Had a great time at Korzo!
Nate Radley sounded amazing subbing for Ben Monder.
Tonight: Seeds with Monder, Joe Martin and Ted Poor.
10 pm
PLEASE follow me I LOVE YOU
What does student centered learning look like to you?
DM me please!
the Comish didn't know he was adding a doctorss code right as the Hipster look was taking off!
If you aren't able to attend the meetup this Wednesday, you can also tweet your ideas using the hashtag
Not to mention Jim Caldwell is the new OC in BALT.
Manning would be a perfect fit there....as long as Ray can make room
some ppl are rude as hell
Think I just used ShamWow...
it does make a difference!
The worst.
I wish I had a doctorver.
Check out the July issue of Marie Claire...hair and makeup for the article beginning on page 98 was done by Veda's talented staff!!!
Brusters must be close too, then!
Tune in 9am Monday to to listen to two of our program partners discuss the importance of teaching and sharing women's history
We were looking at the corner of S.
Washington and Cherry, Civil War era brick building, but it is smaller than we wanted.
RT : 48 of Americans live paychecktopaycheck  Judy Walz, SVP Marketing
Street Team is coming soon!
only time i'll ever doctornk 40s is if im broke or i wanna play Edward Fortyhands
You got your guards up, I do too there's things we might discover cause you got a past and I do too, we're perfect for each other
you can take the man outta Colorado, but you can't take the Colorado outta the man.
20 minutes until Region 2 semifinals.
Looking forward to seeing our state finalist Denise Burns compete!
I think I know what's happening here, Roland.
My TaylorMades are gathering dust.
Open your eyes to what's in front of you.
ohh me too.
And ohh wow r there still games?
I would wanna go see her play.
And meet u!
you are ignorant
Breaking the web breaking the web.
S/o to Happy bday unc
Ill take it
love you too big bro!!
Thank you that means a lot
It was originally supposed to be a PetSmart, but that fell thru.
Think they just wanted to get that space filled.
lol.
I shouldn't joke about viagra, people will think I'm old  ugly; where as only one of those is true
spending the next few hours at dance......last saturday practice!!
/3
Rooobiohs, Rooboys...however you say it that stuff is delightful!
I'll be back tomorrow!
And I hear you're making pizza...
This is very important about Aspergers right?
I'm just telling you it's a horrible thing about lack of eye contact!
Overheard at TNC10: telling treatment providers in IL that hcr will help is like telling a doctorwning man to hold his breath for just 2 yrs.
Ouch !
My little cusin told me that if I didnt pass him the ketchup he was gunna break my jaw 0.o
Yay, the moon!
I like the moon :D
The Day's Grow Shorter  I'm Still Stuck In Yesteryear  If I Can Just Break Through My Fears I Know I'll SoarKillahSmilee
Free Nutritional Seminar this Wed w/ !
email or call 2125933278 to RSVP
nothing just wanted to borther somebody and i WANT my STRAWBERRY CAKEE
And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.
Anais Nin
tweet tweet
And now people are talking to boxes at did11: come on then shitbox
What a beautiful day out today!
Today is a perfect day to .
Happy New Year and many continual Blessings in the Years to Come, from Stage Aurora!
Zion Bound, Hell Proof
Hello Matt Thank you for the follow.
Your creative thinking jumps off the page!
Yeah.
It definitely doesn't hurt as bad this time.
ThingsMyBestFriendsDo make me smile even in the worst situations.
: Gonna Smash This Fucking Possessed Cat In The Head Tonight!
aww poor pussycat :
Watching the movie Due Date.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
Peter doctorcker
Hahaha,did i ever tell you i know some malay words?
My mum is a malay.
Hahah.
But i only know some.
ff  he's a coffee lid innovator who no one else can hold a flame to!
That's weird to me
Green Bay Packers announced they have signed firstround pick Nick Perry.
oh my....
Americas got talent is a little scary this year..
Did you know that 's happy hour is 1/2 off cans?
Yup that means 1/2 off !!
Enjoy my city GJ.
Have a GREAT time!
Well done :
how would you get around that or suggest what to do?
Hell To The Nutella NO!
: anyone talking about collaborative concept mapping as way around copyright restricts re digitising post 1922 materials?
ThatAwkwardMoment when you buy lube and the lady at the cash register says enjoy your night, sir.
I know I know it's the worst
Doc Rivers: I've never seen Ray Allen miss so many free throws in my life.
Creating graphics for three different presentations; education, retirement and retail.
It has been deemed newsworthy that Jon Huntsman believes in evolution and global warming.
Why?
He's the only Republican who does.
Scary.
Is it considered role playing if I call Tasha Paula Dean while we make dinner?
Give him BJ since his fight with Condit is off?
Assuming Dana keeps him of course.
now I've got Owl City, which I secretly love.
I think this is my secret music crush station.
Pizza Fun Fact: Saturday night is the biggest night of the week for eating pizza.
What night of the week do you like to order pizza?
what did you have?
: Get the London look.
no thanks.
I like my teeth without the gap.
LOLOLOL OMG
Great finish by !!
Such a wonderful sight.
Spam tweets are the devil ...
Or as Gloria from Modern Family would say ...
El diablo
relative major: an uncle in the Marine Corps.
relative minor: a girlfriend.
We won all the Reynolds over offically!!
RT think the other sis might ACTUALLY come get lunch from you today!
Free Pharmacy Discounts  Savings up to 45  Target  Generic Prescriptions 
ALEXX OMG WONDER IF YOU WOULD DM SOMETHING RANDOM!!!
HOPE YOU DO..
SillyOfMeToThink that I knew you and that I liked you now I know the real person you are
If I were in a controversial literary raverap group, I'd call it Die Atwood.
Obviously.
you were right last night.
The grilled cheese truck is called Morris Truck
Ehh im tired from work and theres nithing to do
Word.
: Sarah Palin was paid twice as much as what a teacher makes in a year to say teachers make too much money.
wiunion
I miss you, dude
I'm signing copies of Depth of Focus.
Read a description of the book and two excerpts at www.kenyadwilliamson.com.
Have a great weekend!
: Haven't seen you since MCN in Chicago, I think...but was so happy to get the email with your news!
Congrats on the new job!
The procrastinator in me says tweet....now 8 tweets.
Quit playing men.
Wow I really hope one day to look as good as my headshot.
Well i always been an og triple og RT Not when your a gangsta : The single life gets a little frustrating
tonight's beer will be 500 we!
...very simple pastry, but requires practice.
I wish I could direct you someplace in PDX to try it.
And I'm outta town.
Don't speak your anger, speak your heart.
What's behind the anger?
This is not being weak, its being real.
: Is there water in Turkey Creek now??
Would be great if so!
A little water is trickling in.
Spectacular weather in South Florida!
When you call our firm, you can rest assured that one of our attorneys will provide you with the services that fit your case.
u just need to quit
Yep!
When mean everything, we mean EVERYTHING!!
Just rain and freezing rain so far.
Looks like it's hitting harder North of us.
buckley jones
so fucking annoying!!!
hahah RT : Knock it the fuck off with the car horn, Washington!
Happy Mother's Day!
Pause.
Coyotes take on L.A.
in Glendale at 5pm.
Go yotes!
eh single my BF broke up with me for his ex and im really hurt.....
'
It's tough to watch the games today
Thank you so much and for the RT of our article.
We are so excited!
DO NOT LIVE TWEET THE GAME DO NOT DO THAT TO ME.
I have stupid work to do.
I better be that fucking important god know
Ok ok the band is partying!!!!
The Conclusion Band.....
ur going to have a ball!!!!
I like to get all the info before offering congratulations.
CONGRATS on your exciting news!!
:
of course I did!
I have a huge bruise on the inside of my leg ?
kind of want to read.
would not admit it.
Patron donated it because she said it was so awful and didn't want it in her home
I hate when people try to touch my face...
Need more tuxedos
Still have ONE RR/Avery Collaboration Not Litigation  a couple of New Holland Blue Sunday Reserves hidden away.
Get 'em or I doctornk 'em!
gospelbreakupsongs.
Walk in the light  Hezekiah Walker
Thats Great Barbara..Keep on updating me of such events where we can help!!
amateurs/experienced and educated.
I cannot tell the difference.
The socalled educated has done much damage.
Twitter is better than Facebook 100 percent.
Sheriffs dept needs to better reflect community.
Adoctoran MossBeasley
now following back Howdy!!!
DTLA How many coffee sleeves have you seen so far today?
I wonder how much noise would be eliminated if all the cab doctorvers in Chicago stopped honking for no apparent reason?
Now I have to watch NEVERSAYNEVERDVD again because followed me
Well thanks for the love!
To bed early with an upset tummy..bummer I wanted to do christmas decorations with my babies.
:
Blog Post  Publish early in the morning.
Gets more links to post.
Try it out.
says
Hope you can come 2 our launch party 5/31!
Love 2 celebrate with you:
follow me please :
and casey anthony your kid...
bull; Nice Hidden Camera Hook DVR Covert Cam Protect your home
I'm doing exactly what Kim was talking about, minus the ramen.
that bitch dont know me or the bitches i fuck with so she betta stay in her place .
cause she dont want these problems !
The fuck you hiding ?
: such language!
I just retweeted.
I didn't actually put it.
I tried to tell you
RT : All Caterpillars unite on April 28th!!!
Time for a Metamorphosis!
buffalo trace is a decent whiskey and not overly priced.
The Newt Mobile is here
i will for sure!
Loving this
yeah toyally  ass.
Gonna miss so much shit in school , and track practice !
Ugh .
My nigga asked my why I talk 2 females like I do..I said shit..I keep it real..speak my mind..and say what I want
That's it for Novel Week!
Which history novels are YOU looking forward to reading?
RT your thoughts!
Feel free to reblog my latest post on
DO THA CLAM
Wow.
You know what that means?
There's a frost warning here tonight!
RT : Ice cream truck!!!!!!!!!
Watching two of my favorite ladies on your latest ep: you and I could watch the 2 of you banter all day.
Your the problem not me.
ahh I love this movie!:D
...
it was all for no reason, or at least one that was not correctly expressed.
But whatever, I'm done.
yeah i gotta check em out
thank you, doctor King, for spreading a message of peace and tolerance.
Also thanks for the day off.
:
the dance is tomorrow cant wait!
and Julie Andoctorws  amazing!!
Seski go to Rogue Brewery, Agate Beach July 6.
Seski mabey feed seals?
You watch for Seski!
Tomorrow is the Warhammer Fanatsy Tournament!
Tell everyone, the more the better!
2,500pts no special characters!
ABQ see you there!
haha I know.
What do you really think will be outcome?
UK by 7
Congrats to for being selected to the Freshman AllAmerica team.Horns DBs will own the Big 12 for years.
he sounds like a chick xD
dint let your car gear you talk like that or it will really start acting up
Twitter I am having a dilemma ...
I can eat in 13 hours!
lol I'll be hanging with in no time!
PS I LOVE the new haircut!
no joke u look like RiRi in your professorpic!!
Cheese is awesome!!!
Thanks for the help!
Sorry ur having trouble editing your order.
Depends on ur delivery time.
Please send email to .
I just read last year 4,153,237 people got married.
I don't want to start any trouble, but shouldn't that be an even number?
LitFuse is cranking out a badass proposal...
best one yet!
And looking forward to enjoying the sunshine!
The start is what stops most people.
Don Shula
is in the businesses of helping moms Healey
i swear he done had about 3 good chances smh
Would LOVE a cheapie rainout win right here.
No bullpen.
Buy C and GE
not quite sure how i feel about the fullday rahm...
Hate when shit just get thrown in my face
Gotta admit, discussing appeal of Judaism with a Jew makes me feel all sorts of childish.
'why Judaism?' 'I dunno, it it calls to me?'
Is the endorsement of Newt Gingrich by Sarah Palin a curse or a blessing?
Hunger Games movie: son i am disappoint
Tomorrow 12/29/11 is doing their thing at w/ Jim Wes, The Monroes  The Young Liars 7pm.
Cute, sure.
But gosh, is it really that slow of a news day?
Cmon folks.
Thanks !
Appreciate your support!
thats how I do.
I like to over stuff my careta with bundles of clothes, and go This isn't all mine, I have 8 kids
At The Toros Game w My Baby N Bestfriendd
I know, I knowtoo busy, but would love to get there sometime.
Facebook is lame anyway...
On my way to therapy.
Still don't believe this shit works.
Got the fireside table for wine tasting with
Hopefully they catch the idiot responsible for this.
that dude in lady antebellum needs to button one more higher, please.
So sad Lincoln HS Student victim of meningitis, so young, precious.
Thanks for the RT Happy Mothers Day
id always be hungry to if I was that skinny!;P ha
The other day I heard a useful neologism: flustrated.
I'm getting flustrated.
Pretty much all the time.
Gina Biancarosa, U Oregon: core features for ereader interfaces.
This would help conversion of college textbooks to eplatforms
At the Place...
and I thin you need to play better music.
RT : My mommy not taking me to the New edition concert
RT : My sole hope for the doctorft remains that media goes to SF, wait for hours, then have 49ers trade pick to OAK, where nobody is
Did you know?
The Nick channel started being broadcasted in Buffalo NY?
Smart.
London to get Europes biggest ever WiFi zone for Olympics.
Allows fans to engage on social media  checkin services.
It is October right?
For your sake i hope it doesn't snow like this all winter!
I've never been kicked out of a class I'm not even in before.
Maybe we should not meet in each other's classes?
Lol
Thanks for the follow MAS peeps!!!
Research: Ancilliary skills that
RT : Retweet for a chance to win a signed jersey tonight.
Get the ochocinco app here www.rockapp.com/ocho
Oh I know!
:c how have you been?
I wouldve delivered them....
Just because I'm smiling, doesn't mean I don't want to hit you in the face.
WhoisTrevor.com He revealed himself to the world yesterday!
Really fun show at Diesel tonight!
Thanks to everyone who came out!
My Goldfish died and I got my tonsils out.
Never count the cost it's worth all that's lost
Discussing whether is wearing a mock turtleneck in his professorle pic.
hahahahaha that's disgusting.
And i've stopped vegetarian but I don't eat red meat now.
Morning Rockstars!
Experience is not what happens to a man: it is what a man does with what happens to him.
Aldous Huxley
Watching NBA highlights.
Ouch!
looks like a MIA sweep is coming against NY.
We're rooting for OKC over DAL Durantula is a beast!
We did it!
5000 likes!
Stay tuned  ASA Holiday Gift Package contest will be next week!
Thx 2 all who support us!
RT : Luv new follower Thanks for the shout out!
Hey ATL TweetiePies are you staying posted?
Follow!
I believe I had that many in March.

damn look at all those superstahs!
Huya!
Have you seen Danny Deckchair?
Great Movie...
Walking out to the court for tonights Bucks game against the Lakers, hope we bring it tonight!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers!
Fuccin all the way up

RT : Gemini may appear disorganized, but there is a method to their madness.
I think I might return to the world of the Twitter.
The question: do I have anything important to share?
appreciate it man.
I could be luckier
pearly whites hey G goodmorning!!!!!
They better watch out from TGT real rnb alert!!!!!!
Have a blessed one babe
The Samsung Galaxy S I is straight up IMPRESSIVE.
!
RT Um, cool RT : Barry Diller says he is not sure mags like can survive 5 more years in print
Who has advice on zipcar as an alternative to car ownership?
LRT, BUT I THOUGHT THEY SQUASHED THE BEEF
I love the movie 'The Count of Monte Cristo' so much.
That awful feeling when you completely screw up a rehearsal and can't stop thinking about it javahakeve
Got to read this study to see how much alcohol we are talking about.
Got a test in science today.
Thanks girl!
Your such an amazing friend!!!!!
Xoxo
Happy Mothers Day to all the Amazing mamas!!!!
Many of you do it all by yourself without a significant other.
I salute you ALL.
God Bless.
Oh yeah duhh:
Migraine with medicine?
nauseous.
Migraine without medicine?
nauseous.
Lose lose situation here.
Bed time.
What?!
I didn't see you : We'll have to have a beach day soon!!
asking about question of scale in the digital scholarship we undertake
if it increases the odds of a getting a gift card, yes.
Jealous...that is so awesome!
Went into a meeting down two runs and came out a winner.
Bring on more meetings!
he said it himself ima rap until im fossil fuel aka hes not.done til hes dead
thanks for the compliment
Why are the IRS 1099 form instructions obsessed w/ fishing proceeds?
I keep picturing Deadliest Catch: Tax Edition
Real men never stop trying to show a girl how much she means to him, even after he's got her
wow that was a lot of info plus I have to get about 100 shots and finger pricks which I hate.
but I get to volunteer in the Emergency Room!
Good morning ThankGOD for blessing us wit another day
Life is like a hot bath.
It feels good while youre in it, but the longer you stay in, the more wrinkled you get.
my sisters ex is hear and he keeps calling my fluffy ima kick his ass if he calls me that one more time
A mushroom walks into a bar and starts hitting on a woman.
She turns him down.
Not willing to give up, he pleads C'mon lady, I'm a fun guy
I always take life with a grain of salt, ...plus a slice of lemon, ...and a shot of tequila.
Working dogs....dogs that pull carts and do taxes?
I'm not the one they say is short.
I'm like normal height enough.
Gina!
Thank you for the incredible Dallas pictures!
I loved that I was able to experience it with my daughters!
All Adidas and Ashworth shirts are 10 off when you mention this tweet.
All Nike, Callaway, and tTaylor Made golf balls 10 off a dozen.
DesireThursdays what desire do you have for your own Mama this week?
How will you honor her?
yea right?
I must be getting so famous LOL...and my hair color really?
Ha
gymdoctornk bc well be fiercefit by summer time!!
If you're a big oatmeal in the morning person I urge you to try steel cut oatmeal.
Brings oatmeal to a whole new level.
Sweet!
RT :  Coding at 30,000 feet  Glad to have in flight to test websites I'm working on!
next season will be a very interesting one for football.
Lots of rookies with a lot on their shoulders
I know coconut gets a bad rap but i gotta say im on team coco
lets get gopackgo trending
I Appreciate That
I see!
the 2nd time around there may be more, so maybe I should give it another try
What would you do for a Klondike Bar?
Congrats for your Bronze Medal!!!
Better late than never, but never late is better
I just heard SaySomethin by Excuse Me While I Go Cry Because Of How Far Hes Gotten Obsessed 
baby!!!
I like you so so much;
lmao u gonna treat her like a queen....
and get me a raise if u fuck her right??!
I call it the Theology of Convenience.
Whatever conveniently fits with my opinion.
we can work on a price that works for you.
What's your email.
You can DM it to me and we can figure something out.
Start your toss on set, stand up and go to wx center and by the time you're there, you start the forecast.

of course : and yeah ill be leaving sunday 645pm b there by like 130am
Goes to show he is not NBA material getting eaten up in NCAA needs more size, strength,
so why you bother to answer then if its that good to worries, its blackfriday hoes!!!
yeah picture that!!!!!!!!!
that awkward moment when you realize you can't fit in a parking space after trying twice and you doctorve away while everyone looks.
I just saw Steven Tyler in a Burger King commercial.
Just how expensive is rehab????
Don't make me turn this car around!
it's so true.
Also, wanna find the problem, look in the mirror.
wanna find the solution, look in the mirrow!
guess what salsa club is doing again?
I'm so mad at them...
HAWKS!!
Yes

its an every night thing here.
all 11 DVD sets.
I've watched that show like twice and didn't laugh at all that show is so boring
Harder than ever to adopt childoctorn  Adelaide Now
Really hoping Desmond Tutu's walk up music is either Danger Zone or Hit Em Up
Music Matters
OnTheLastDayOfSchool I'm going to tell everyone they suck.
thank you
Aetna Health CEO: focusing on behavior change, working with
Me too, but consuming that many carbs so quickly, it's not way possible to gain muscle alone, some of it will be fat.
yes you are.
; hahah
..Fine.
I dont have like any mouse left though..
So it won't look that great.
; IF I'm even at school..
If you don't know the difference between deer pellets, cow pies, and horse clumps, then you don't know shit
it's the talk of the office here.
Between the Caps heartbreaker last night, now this, the mood is sullen to say the least.
Let's go Heat beat NYK
Serious question: How can I steal from one of those Redbox machines?
same shop, actually!
you havent gotten it back yet?!?
I think I will speak on the war on marriage later today.
I'm glad to hear that.
That's what's up.
Zack Ryder rocks woo woo woo
RT : Boulder police searching for man who fondled sleeping woman: Boulder police are looking for a man who crept into......
I don't think we ever clash but we do become frosty.
Ann Wilson
appreciate the blast!
kudos
Channing Daughters and Wolffer both in Bridgehampton.
The philosophers have only interpreted the world, in various ways.
The point, however, is to change it.
Do you know wisdom when u see it fool?
Good Morning!!
Looking for something to do?
A great new service is on twitter, tweets about travel, deals, food, and all entertainment!
Well thank ya!
RT : this night cant get any better, YOU'RE AWESOME
THE DANKIEST NEW STRAIN IN: LSD Bubba!
Fresh, Super Frosty, Sticky Icky, Highly Potent Medicine!
Full Menu at www.WEEDMAPS.com Enjoy!
:
Dear I would like to be able to highlight a list of text and turn it into a todo list.
Do so, but don't get your hopes up.
Sadly, the CW cancelled it.
No more hotties with long lashes and pretty blonde hair :
missyamore remember when we never went coneing
THIS GIRL!!!
victorious dance
pink pants are ballin.
Just sayin'
320 million shares to be sold and I'm the dummy selling at the bottom??
With everything I know?
Shakes are a good thing...
Havn Ben  Jerry's organic ice cream..
yum!
Happy 4th of July !!!!
Have fun and be safe!
Don't me cover you.
Don't think the guys cutting trees down up the street really wanted that one to fall most of the way across the street.
A recent study by HSBC, found people who planned for retirement had 5x the assets of those who did not.
An MBA is a career accelerator across a number of industries and MBA graduates can usually command higher salaries.
Wow, the James Bond of cinematography.
good luck in ur class chachi!
:D
RVA 70 yr woman slays spouse  son.
RTD headline: mystifying?
Maybe just isolated  hopeless?
Reach out you may be a lifeline for someone
got you bro
President Sullivan has pancakes and sees on her napkin, I think I'm in rat's alley, where dead men lost their bones.
Good Morning Baby Girl!
OrlandoFashionWeek opens up with emerging talent.
OFW designers have skills wow!
I know...HUGE difference from last wk but i wasn't impressed.
now GA may compete for coach
See you at BSU Saturday.
I have it
im eating my whopper icecream........
Watching the post game...
LAKERS KINGS DODGERS CLIPPERS  WINNERS FROM
Bank of America: Is quot;Too Big To Failquot; A Failure?
Interstate Bridge Lift Complete....
traffic moving again into and out of Vancouver...
Tell Ariana Thank You Joan is trending worldwide for her mom!
I Love you Liam  you are beatiful
Boy walks in to a strip club and later his mom finds out, she says,Did you see anything you weren't supposed to see?
Yeah.
I saw dad!
You have to imagine it possible before you can see something
well ull never stand alone with us mahomies x love u austin please RT this and follow mee if u did my life would be amazing xx
The Library Vendor Call: A 45 minute visit: 25 min Fact Finding.
The rep asks questions about your needs an collection.
ProQuest Webinar
UMM absolutely!!
So excited for the launch next!
:D
: it would make my sisters entire year if you chilled with her for valentines day.
She's in carol city.
Pizza  movie night with my two loves.
where you at
Final result, we're going to go South.
We're going to go North first tho.
red line announcer
Daniel Negreanu Beat at EPT Grand Final, Will Take on rUaBOT at Limit Holdem Challenge
ya it wasn't funny but went hard and dissed yall with that one
No problem.
Looks like it's rear right leg is injured, but I dare handle it to find out.
Good luck.
When we needed rain in the 1700s, we would balance a musket on a pig's back and sing Here's to the maiden of bashful fifteen.
Good times.
Omg gorgeous out today!
crushed his solo set last night at SundayJazzLounge It was an incredible experience and great night all around!
Everybody wins!
MT : The bright side of nobody winning the Fiction Pulitzer?
All three finalists are trending on Goodoctorads now.
Finnaly I got the damn chicken
Yeo fuck I can't believe I'm already on summer break
LOL TNT Crew has already put Kobe on a boat with new fishing gear.
Guy peed at NY Ave station.
They said they were getting off at Silver Spring.
I heard a woman in my car call to report.
last year, just discontinued my account entirely bc I USED to live in California and decided to not credit me for 6mos.
We are happy to welcome , , , to the newhomefeed family!
Bulls don't play Jimmy Butler and lose...
Do we have any followers with Christmas birthdays?
happy work anniversary!
TOMORROW Vapid Youth Culture, The Unoriginals, I Can Bore Ever Sombitch in the House 10
maybe it's cause my ancestors ate monkeys and dogs but I could give a shit how they live bring on the pork!
do you mean do you always wear that AWESOME hat?
If so, YES!!!
Never been so impatient to doctornk
I love that Virgin America added the ORDSFO flight.
Great experience.
Very impressed with women ahead of me who had wine at 6:30 AM, wow
My master's project is approved!
I'm actually graduating on the 19th.
Sheer craziness!!
San Francisco: you're mine.
I found the secret of avoiding the doctoraded 2hourlong registration line at swsw: pick it up while Joss Whedon talks.
He did Buffy, right?
Happy Hump Day!
Fish, to taste right, must swim three times  in water, in butter and in wine.Polish proverb I'm in a fishy mood!
:
Life is a carnival
burning old databases to disk.
HURRY and get your spots for this years biggest festivals, head over to facebook.com/centurymediaroadunit to find out how!
Work is going by so slowly.
Help!
The future of UNF's chapter of Upsilon Phi Delta looks bright
I might stop by the later this month  the event is definitely on my radar!
Perhaps it was a poll dancer.
You can never be too careful when it comes to zombies.
My friend is mad cause he left his phone with me to go potty, mid convo with someone..
so I sent the message, I like to pick my nose
Just got new shoes at like midnight
New faces hm
You know it!
puttinginwork RT Beast mode, on!
;
what's the word on Get Well Soon?
It got a release date?
Pumped to hear it!
Ik i may not be perfect but i try so hard to be the best at everythinq i do.
I'm only like 5'6, so I can find pants lengthwise.
It's the HIPS.
Me and my friend would be the same size IF I HAD NO HIPS!!!
I'm not sure because a lot of bands I like are going.
Probably TDWP AA Whitechapel and As I lay Dying
Hello World.
No baby as of yet.
Amazingly, I will actually tell you when he does arrive.
It's not a secret.
So, please stop asking.
XO!
Tonight in intro to pro fight...controlling the stand up to taking the head
Nostaligia for books doesn't do it for me.
Books have been nice, cozy cages:punctuation, grammar rules, spelling rigidity, boxes of paper.
Let's kill it tonight GO!REDWINGS
The hardest things to collect are your thoughts.
Twitter is a most tough site to be on for celebrities.
For it opens the gates for ur fans to contact u directly.
After Think Like a Man, Michael Ealy and Taraji's tongues are going to have their own IMDB.
I miss you!: How've you been?: I'm finally 18 now dude
: 93482nd  haha thanks for catching that !
Be sure to support your neighborhood businesses on Small Business Saturday!
I have seen Remember the Titans about a thousand times ...
But I still can't help but cry, every single time!
Thanks for the love and !
Yall Rock on so many different levels.
Yeah she's the first female serial killer!
Thanks, Lisa!
Oh Coach Not Here Today :
RT : Awesome...
shortened his dog's name from Bronco to Bronx.
That is modern divorce!
And NO!, I'm not bipolar, is just that you make me really mad when I'm extremely happy!!
Idk...
That was a random as thought!
Ha.
And then u could set up shop as a Abstract Consultant.
um.
no.
i wouldnt be your fan cause your a little cunt.
Volleyball??
more like VolleyBORE !!!!
come to Columbus, Ohio.
One person will care!
What I figured.
New apps coming out today too.
Google has been busy changing things over.
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I thought i was the shit and i acted a damn fool...smh
Annoyed!
Annoyed!
Annoyed!!!
I have 26 bottles of nail polish...
You're never patient among 100s of people that look depressed at the county hospital
: Shouts to !!
His new single So Good sold 170,000 in the first week  debut on Billboard's HOT100 Chart 
Creating an abundance of love in your life doctorws the support of the universe and opens you to loving relationships with others.
The successful man will professort from his mistakes and try again in a different way.
: Watching Idol on a slight DVR delay.
First up is the increasingly awful Phillip butchering CCR.
Grade : D agree!
This minimization of blacklife is terrible.
Life no matter what nationality is of value.
Declutter Financial Files, and Organize Your Life  Fox Business
The essence of our business is all are contacts are prescreened and maintain impeccable reputations.
it's so no bootycall
Just finished a great presentation about India's water industry by e rep from Confederation of Indian Industry
LMFAOOOOOOOOOOO BRIANA :D IS UR NAME SPELL WITH DOUBLE N OR JUST 1?
it's really great.
sigh.
yes and todays will keep u on the edge
I would love to do that!:
thanks best love you
The headache I have right now
I have literally destroyed all of my Victoria's Secret sweatpants....
Time to go shopping!!!!!
Did the ocean doctorve 5k in 19 min 17 secs not bad but need to get faster!!!
misterML is at Dark Lord Day, a crowded outdoor beer fest, in 40 degree windy weather.
I am at home with kittehs and JLP.
is so wonderful!
He surprised me with the bluray from the concert we were at!
The ObamaBell tape is Blake Edward's Skin Deep and the Pollak/Shapiro blitz is the ad campaign leading up to it...
finally it's today: thievery corp, I can't wait to see you live!
Thanks Keep captainring your awesome ideas!
6 days, 2 weeks, 5 years, It's all unacceptable!!
RT : So the question arises, how do you decide if you r a hero or a villian?
What r the defining characteristics?
Thank you all, was very helpful!
RT : amazing datavistalk w/ moderated by incredible
Thankxxx for the follow.
Prepare yourself...
no just Fentcy and
Thanks Steve, you were a great innovator and helped us all everyday.
You will be missed!
You have to Take A pic with a I 3 for the fb Yung Deet
You've brought this upon yourself
Ahaha im eating the same thing RT : Oatmeal , Bacon, and Boondocks 8
Thank you for the support!
even better, smplfy
Can't wait for the NFL doctorft tonight
oaky we will visit you
That moment when u get so doctornk you quit doctornkin 4 a month!
Lol
Pagination active throughout Scalar importers!
i would just like to compliment you on the pure geniusness that is this tweet.
Lmaoo RT : I wanna eat Arroz con Pollo out of Whoopi Goldberg's Crotch.
A Code of Conduct for Content Aggregators.
Follow me bck if im on your TL thanks
Lol..
thats how I was feeling Prophet...
But I feel better now!!!
Otoh, the captainin sounds like ' Matt Damon!
Wonder if we'll sit on the Tarmac for 15 minutes...
.
since med marijuana is legal they should legalize medical rape  medical child molestation since its basically the same thing.
break a leg!!!!
thanks Frank!
Found the error hopefully!
I can help you with that .
3
where do you stay?
aw, thanks boo
Groundhog Day is an excellent film.
Who agrees?
no you needed them to run through the forest
I'm so happy
A4.
As long as the hotel is walking distance from the beach, I think I can handle it
rough markets...
Whatever.
It's definitely 's fault
William's 'habitat' image in for Louisiana
Nothing exciting going on today in the small cap world..GYRO is the only one on my radar
Hey there!
I sent you a facebook message, let me know what you think!
thanks so much, Sophie!
:
Wow!
You didn't tweet anything stupid about D.
Rose tonight?
So now Anzalone will end up a Gator.
Sketchy that dad acted like the Trivia guy and OSU isn't right was the reason.
Gator grad, btw.
Gorgeous coats!!!!
Wow and I was coat hunting...THANKS!
This Asian girl is opening gifts at the bar and I.
am.
on.
the.
edge.
of.
my.
seat.
We wonder if anyone actually says, I'm so happy it's Monday!
Case of the Mondays anyone?
Makes two of us.
Record of the year?
RT : Just listened through the Foster the People record.
I am satisfied.
WeWontWorkOut if you smell like road kill
Finally heading home after long day at work...
same been tweetin like a bird
Rainy Monday...so unusual ;
if you needa talk, I'm here bo!
Chris Brown is a bitch.
That is all.
Don't ask yourself what the world needs; ask yourself what makes you come alive.
And then go and do that.
Because what the world needs is
tweetoftheday Thanks for the laugh.
:
very true!!
Life seemed so much simpler before
Blessed  highly favored!
Maple Bacon donuts are on board today!!!
Yummy
bye guys see you tomorrow
Austin got Verified YEE congrats
Vicious high school bully grows up to run for President sounds like the cliched premise of a bad movie.
based on what?
Community is the new professorssional development.
awesome!
Def keep me posted on your progress oh, and welcome to the empowering running community!!!
WHO WANTS TO BE IN MY VIDEO IM MAKING FOR ?!
;D
Tickle the monkey Peter!
can't believe you left I saw you winning it all I hope everything works out for you and that millions will be listening someday
I'll be the president some day
National Corporate Research is now on Twitter!
Follow us for industry news and updates about our services!
where u at?
I'm feeling kind of hungry cause my high is coming down...
so true.
contagious too RT : Heartbreak is inevitable
why did you just tweet shark week?
omg i know!
thanks...
I will check h out.
im depressed ;
Keep seeing LaDanian Tomlinson on NFL Network today; hope that doesn't mean retirement coming soon.
I'm gonna stay up all night and send in hundoctords of votes for each crew EXCEPT 8Flavahz.
Walmart late night is only yelling and screaming at the cashiers.
Great, free entertainment.
my night was interupted too by it, i was enjoyin scream2
No, just that some are comfortable w/ public domain genomes b/c, for example, DNA is often not deterministic
Before he was an actor on one of TV's hottest shows  he was just another cute kid growing up in Canada
wondering what I was thinking when I tried a Newcastle Brown in LA...
not the same, not bad, but not the same !
Tonights Pick Results: Rangers, Dodgers, Blue Jays, Mets, Cardinals, Knicks10, Celtics10.5, Nats, Wings
rushers i can't be storng anymore just let me go
Let's go timon!!!
Upset canisiuscourt side
: whenever I puke I almost shit myself
sorry I couldn't join yal tonight
I'm trying to think of the last notable NFL retiree that didn't join Brett Favre doesn't count since Deanna won't let him use phones
This.
RT : Sorry ...
but I'm enjoying California's slide to fiscal hell.
Those idiots elected Jerry Brown.
Payback is a bitch.
i'm doin good, what's new :?
Yoyo dieting!
i had never heard of SOFI as a technical term.
OH: I can only eat pizza standing up.
just wait.
I'm kicking you in the nuts during my wedding.
Me too!
I just shared your post w/ my classmates.
Even better after a few days with good comments  links.
listen to If You Told Me To its so cute, I love him lol
I want to reach as soon as Friday, to get out and enjoy a lot with my friends ...
Heather,Jolie, , and my boo !
very cool...
I think people are starting to pick up on that...finally.
Next week...
TreataTrick Halloween Party!!
Good night.
Shooting range was fun
SOX: Per NESN's , INF Pedoctor Ciriaco was in the RedSox clubhouse in Kansas City after the game.
Expect something today.
JayZ  Say Hello......saying i'm a bad guy, why i it that?
swear my back always against the wall, deep inside i know you admire that...
The casino was good to me last night.
come on
If idiots could fly, my school would be a fcking airport.?
U no I no its gonna b good girl!
looking fwd to hearing it!!
Cccctttttffffuuuu lol RT: Just because you edited you picture and made it lighter does not mean you're TeamLightskinw
Much better.
Have a compromisefree weekend!
just finished changing a car battery...first time ever doing work under the hood.
It went rather well
Dada life doctorpped million voices and I died of happiness, also they had/ate bananas while DJing my sister is awesome Called it
Just getting up...
yes please !
i can write any other poem except this one hahaha
They have contracts that say they cant gamble unless its for charity..
Its legal in the eyes of law..
Not team owners
When I can't get signal for my phone very well...I go lion king on it

Script writing at Vince's Cafe in Renton this morning.
I get too distracted in the office for focused writing.
My phone is a piece of shit
Had a successfulenjoyable day Reading at the Healers' Fair Unity Christ Church, in Surfside SCThe right place at the right time.
: Looking for some new indie music and producers...
know of anyone who should be on my radar?
yeah.
ME.

Perkins should have a gangster Alter boy movie franchise.
It'll be the scariest thing since Shaq did that genie movie.
I love feel good music
No EOC's for me bitches.
Busy Day tomorrow!!!!
Wedding, Bridals, then off to MAC I go!!
Yay I don't have class tomorrow!
Oh wait, my teacher scheduled us to have a clinical assessment lab where we are videotaped.
Good question.
Don't know, but keep following and we may find out.
getting some great applications for thatcampcbus.
keep 'em coming everyone!
Thank you!
: That was a lot of fun!
Dear rich people paying KMart layaways around the country: I will be at Target on SantaMonica Blvd today with many things I can't afford.
Michele Malkin could use an orgasm or two.
Geez!
If i could open my heart and show you where you laid in it i would.
It's not about being what everyone wants you to be, it's about being yourself and finding someone who truly loves you for what you are.
Exactly.
Need to make point while issue is hot.
Too many die.
Off to the gym
He say I'm the realist out.
I say that makes two of us.
Maybe because spring fashion brings so many frills and flowers.
Stripes strike a nice balance.
Cant sleep /:
I want to unfollow a bunch of people but I'm too lazy!
Submitted a job application with a rsum that doesnt make me look crazy.
Too bad I had to remove my stint as atimetravelling nazi hunter.
WHERE ARE YOOOUUUUU???
You ROCK!!
Amen..
can say it all you want but until you go out and do it, its meaningless....just a bunch of words
Oh my god.
Who are these people??
It's like you uncovered the dark side of Pinterest.
And now I know they're there.
How'd everyone enjoy Cravings on Clark last night?!
Proteinonly meals just suck.
I also need veggies, fruits and lotsa luck!
Fucking up Justin Bieber's lyrics of 'I Need Somebody to Love'...
Change it to, I Need Somebody to Fuck
3 run homer from !
96 lead at top of 17.
let's hope Davis or whoever comes in as our pitcher can hold it down for the
it's never a good thing when your office is brainstorming what illnesses are best for losing weight
Why are people different?
Why do I move how I do and someone else doesn't?
Why is one man's trash another man's treasure?
I'm amazed by it.
Gonna fucking chug tonight : and then triple cs tomorrow!
I'm waving at you ryankennedy!
Greetings from Washington State!
ConfessionHour we're doctorfting apart , and im tired of throwing the rope out to save us ...
The new tosh.0 last just wasn't the same without and
thank you :
You gone have some cereal there.?
RT : open house july 7
Gonna be a georgeous week in the chi!
Enjoy!
I love free!
im watching royal pains
Need interior architecture or design?
is your team.
Designing Denver's Business for 36 yrs
ugh I know, but I'm actually pretty good c: yourself?
haha I mean we only have the class 2 days a week.
There's a 89.99 chance we won't have English Thursday
appreciate it.
Ifiwereabasketballplayer I'd be Russel Westbrook hated because I'm good at what I do
in DC for the weekend!
:
Haha!
I'm glad u like the shirt, it's one of our best sellers!
I'd love to see a pic of u in that shirt too!
Thx again!
:
Today is the day of rest and for those that went raving i hope u guys got home safe.
MONDAY is a new week of work and no play.
He who wonders discovers that this in itself is wonder.
Come on Packers!
We are giving up too many big plays
MT Twitter is hard.
ha!
So lifelike!
This afternoon: Locked myself in an office to do mortal combat with whiteboard for three hours.
Now: Coffee and trying to decipher who won.
Heading Back to
replacebandnameswithbacon ...
wouldn't that mean all band names would be Bacon?
the gallery is not agreeing with me...will fix...
;
New twist.
Clover machine is open.
Looks like the inside of Luke Skywalker's fake hand.
Fun day with the mates!
Did you give them a pep talk?
talks with my older sister i miss that girl
morning decisions are often the worst kind.
I can't name how many genocides were decided before 9am.
I am seriously jealous of 's epic dance moves...
Directioner 3
NO PITT WILL ALWAYS SUCK!!
SPORT .
favoriate dish was the Jo Jo rubbed cap steak.
Deeelishh!
Penelope Cruz in Armani Prive  lots of purple on the red carpet tonight.
so good!
I thought the same thing.
Twin sons of different mothers....
Hm...
name that album.
If I had one chance to do anything I could to you, I'd watch you suffer as you beg for help.
You don't want to get a cramp!
Past several weeks I've been hearing a vaguely familiar song from neighbor's apartment.
Just realized it's the 'Dallas' theme song.
What.
happy birthday girrrllll!
:
fridayreads Shutter Island by Dennis Lehane
Saturday Market, beautiful day to just walk the waterfront.
:
You wrong for that
My quote of the day
Sign up for That's how I got PalmoliveFreshSponge.
This one was a Mom VoxBox, so you nonbreeders lost out ;
fridaylistens Al Capone does my shirts
Not playoffs yet.
On to the next one.
Or we just search the tag to reach the files......
right after lunch.
awh, I will share!
It's a M!
It's like the traveling pants.
Just had some relaxed young ladies come in my store and one told her friend...My edges are natural!
Lololol too cute!!!
My new friend here made fun of me for liking RBD, so I continue to stand alone.
dude see tahay?
how can i reach you.
i am student Marquette University.
i hope you gonna visit our school
RT : I've been stocking up on empty bottles of elmer's glue, and thousands of no.
2 pencils.
I hope that's enough.
Hi Donna!
You're on twitter!
Do you know if my Sarnia cousins are too?
Maybe my sister is right!
Halp!
3 yr old refuses to SLEEP!
Any hints for the wild eyed parents?
That's great, and it could pay for college, as well
Finished the book The Rise of Theodore Roosevelt by Edmund Morris
Aug 12.
Tweet You called it 124 on way to Dallas.
Go Ravens.
Thank you Madam Mayor.
I dig it!
Any of you on the JWhitesidesST who don't have Facebook tweet me.
Life can be difficult sometimes.
How do you deal with tough situations?
we can't thank you enough for spending your afternoon with the VLP!
....Hall and Hardy had virtually the same numbers in Milwaukee back in the day
thank you for the follow!
Happy holidays!
Border Patrol is now threatening to throw rocks at San Diego ACLU staff.
Today, even more than other days, I am proud to be at the ACLU
SOTD is Informal Gluttony by Between the Buried and Me.
Ganem Jewelers of Scottsdale amp AwatukeeFine Jewelry Gemstones and Timepieces  tag heuer watch
Gonna have a fun day with the family!!
The exponent today has by far the poorest example of a spotlight ive ever seen..
dont include it if the answers suck.
Visiting us this weekend?
Arrive early to avoid expected traffic delays in Griffith Park.
Should be a gorgeous weekend!
Next up from  Locomoto where kids design and build rubegoldberg machines to do simple tasks.
Wild and wonderful.
best.
houseboat.
ever.
Random concert invites are the best.
B52's tonight haha
Idk how people go without a/c I'm finna die!!
Cant.....breaaathhheee.
lol : EXCITED; about a few things 
Andoctor Branch from Clemson is going to be beast, watch and see.
I didnt even see :
I think my mom is ready to kill me, i've had 11:11 on repeat for almost 2 hours straight now!:3333
If a woman wants something she leaves.
If a man wants, he finds the woman wherever she is gone!
do you have a lot of people calling you garden supplies??
Must be a fetish
guys still say that wow smh
David: You're like Maude from Harold  Maude.
You doctorve away from the police.
You have this batty optimism that embraces pessimism.
Me: Aww!
I'll be home next weekend!
Let's do it!
:
libday8 just had a Proquest refresher training, course guide cleanups, reading stuff, writing things...
having a good Wednesday!
no Jessica had a huge surge of West Coast voting RT : Do you think it will be wrong again this week???
:
which plays best on an iPhone?
That's how I usually decide.
Can't remember the last vimeo I watched on my phone...
A corporation's first goal is to earn money.
Government's primary role is always to take a large chunk of that money and give it to others.
now that guy works hard!
and has finished his school!
proud of him: 3 
Now we need to work on Consol Energy Center!
You should promote your musicx on Twitter, xspecially my song Sex doctorve!!!
Why are you talking spanish.
Lmao
A recession is when your neighbor loses her/his job.
A depression is when you lose your job.
A recovery is when Obama loses his job!
phone died.Ima call you back babe!3
Bend It Over Touch Yo Toe Whip It Out Show dem Hoes Yo Bankroll Do The Broke Hoe Wit It Poke It Out DAMN Shawty u CAN Get It
You NEVER told anyone Brandi that I get my liquor served to me in my Capitol Office by 3 pm, wine, vodka U R MY FRIEND BRANDI
I know right..
it's a blessing and an extra problem lol
who cares you stayed in the bungalow...stop putting it out there....we know u rich!
dancing dancing dancing
uh oh.
damn dawg got it like dat?
I'm a tell em I kno black ty so I can get a girl
I think I need to raise some prices, I don't want to but embroidery is a time consuming craft.
Let me know what you think!
UNREAL.
so proud TR xo RT yep.
's asst.
my dude just sold his script to make a movie.
SO SWAGGY.
Walk like John Wayne
Kat thanks for the MIH updates!
Are you at the game?
Why an I always hungry?
Anorexics need to tell me their secret.
Got my player pass  See you both at Anaheim!
could you join us in Chicago on 670 the Score to talk possible Bulls/Rockets trade?
on live 59 am.
ty.
If you're on Twitter, please join me at Twitter
I try to make a difference in these girls lives but instead they are making a difference in mine !
I looked at them, shrugged, said okay, what's your point?
You wanna cookie for being mad?
Take a number and get in line
Chase your doctorams.
Don't let anyone tell you that you can't or shouldn't.
Get up, get out and prove them wrong.
learning about twitter
IT WAS POGO'S WORLD BABY AND I JUST LIVED IN IT
I also rather like Paul Bettany although he's never actually seen in the ironman movies.
Great actor.
A win is a win, but our offense has GOT to step it up.
Still, happy to be 41.
Occupation of making cheesecake makes me happy?
: .cc
no bike.
Need to get back on.
I have been bad lately.
:/
Thank you!
Hope all is well with you and yours ...
:
TWEET ME QUESTIONS AND ILL TELL YOU WHICH ICONIC BOY YOU LOOK BEST WITH
Headsup to nonmuseums followers, I'm at a museum conference for a few days.
If 3G is reliable the AAM2012 tweets might start flowing.
can't believe no one gave you a hard time about this tweet
To be clear, when one tries to quote someone, he/she should use quotations.
And were you trying to attribute quote?
Congrats to  our top doctorpa tweeter of day 5  for great photos of xeroxdoctorpa  who will be top tweeter for day 6?
Just found out where the goddamned nutmeg was!
My students are my strongest advocates  Diane Chen
Pat Kane singing at

Manning joining the Broncos is weak and not intimidating.
I say PALMER is the answer to all questions!
Raider Fan
3 hockey games this week?!?
guess i can't really complain :
Thanks for the mentioning us!
Will we be seeing you ladies at WineRiot NYC?
is getting a headstart on March by turning her calendar today!
Just got done learning interwebz stuff at today!
I'll be back many many times to learn more!
the rich boy swag!!
stormy in San Diego.
Where you heading?
Must be by car if beer coming along.
Thanks, Jim.
Things pick up in the second half!
We were all hot last night!
Eliza is the best!!
Thank you all : WhiteKidWasted Amazing night!
Nick is so perfect to me.
like I don't find any flaws with that kid.
Is that normal?
Oh well
MARK MY WORDS, WE'RE TAKING OVER THE WORLD!
No one is perfect , that's why pencils have erasers.
aww thank you..but no you are the best.
Love you girls.
Thanks for making it out.
RT : Back to our roots supper happy bday Ravi!
Ingenuity is about to make major announcements about the AMAZING caterers of IngenuitySpeakeasy, happening this Fri!
Stay tuned!
Kinda diggin' the Smiths radio right now...
Dang, we missed it.
I really hate when people do that, so now I'm mad at myself for not noticing earlier
TripleDouble Bynum
sidewalk prophets the words I would say.
Love u.
lol no you're the klout king!!
Reasons why your ad might not be seen: Viewer clicks to another page before loading.
Ad blockers.
Multiple homepage sets,says
damn..i woke up and my head hurt from all those pincurls.
well i'm finn'a take 'em out..gunna be interesting.
Killer awesome productive day!
I think I just beat a personal record.
Feels great!
Time to put my good Spanish IB skills to good use
RT The Best Exercise Information for Weight Loss
Vancouver, BC.
Hardly seems like it qualifies as abroad but it does.
Thought of you whenever we heard French being spoken.:
softball then shopping .
:
People at school..
:/
Me: Dad are you talking to yourself?
My dad: Well if I want to have an intelligent conversation, I have to talk to someone intelligent.
haha
Admit it...
We've all wanted someone or something we can't have.
Strawberry Daiquiries  the Gazebo by La Casita: 9/10 for great flavor and ample serving of rum.
5.50.
im sad now im 14 i cant go to Anaheim
This peanut butter I'm eating better help me on my EOC.

Happy New Year!
2012!
Where the weed 
Fuck i hate this place
Pickup Line: Why do I have a pierced tongue?
You'll soon find out.
thanks a lot i appreciate that!
Maybe someday in the near future, we will be.
What's everyone doing or gonna do this sunday ?:
Operation GSR is in progress ; 
AGirlDeserves a guy who makes her laugh and makes her really happy and doesnt make her cry
Getting ready to mail cards soon.
When I read someone's texts, I can hear exactly how they'd say it.
well I still miss you xD
The problem is, whenever we talk, I fall in love with you all over again 
iment oh ok
New Year, new tweeters to follow
work mode again
lets agree to disagree on this one.
Where've you been?
Reserve the right to change your mind!
You don't have to be certain about everything.
Go with the flow, and trust yourself.
Sky's the limit.
need 4 more followers to get to 100
Thanks for tweet about StumbleUpon, I wasn't familiar with it...learned something already this morning.
Starting to feel sleepy, have to shake it off though :/
so what
I've been without internet since Friday...I hate Broadstripe.
Thank I have no school today 
iHavethatonefriend that me  her crack our selfs up 
HOW can you be an adult and think FOR is spelled with an 'e' ?
Our required public schooling takes us a little higher than that, right?
Don't hate on people who made The list for MTV this is about unity support them.
Keep working  your blessing will come your way

Actually, NH is hilarious, on many different levels.
Laugh about things we shall.
Tips for the Airsoft Beginner optimal protection
wish it was you and me!
Happy Leap Day!
I'm looking forward to reading all the This Day in History themed tweets
My mom is the most loving woman on earth!
let us know if you any more questions or concerns
absolutely incredible show, thank YOU!
what u did loser
Please, no more Rescue Heroes Marketoons!
With characters named Wendy Waters  Rocky Canyon,do ya think the writers watched any adult films?
It's not just the goodbyes that hurt, it's the flashbacks that follow.
hahaha girl your right up on my level!
Tnx for the mentions follows and RTs!
Don't forget, today at 2:00 come learn from 's about RSS feeds at Kyle Morrow.
I love you baby cakes!
Never that!
Prom is suppose to be all happy  I'm just getting annoyed by it.
I rather go to Denny's and watch a movie with my bf as my after party
ha, we're for you, we got your back.
the hats and anything with on it
Have a Happy and Safe Weekend everyone!
we use it all the time When we buy a song on Itunes it can be shared instantly between 5 devices for 25 a year.
Homeless PickUp Line: ..I have a chicken in the fridge.
I love you, Tony Kemp.
: No I ordered the Antarctic blue super sports wagon with the CB and the optional rally fun pack.
follow me :
My grandfather was offered a contract to pitch for the Red Sox back in the 30's but turned it down to join the FBI.
OMFG, THANK YOU SO MUCH!
I really appreciate that!
I'm excited now!
omg.
seriously tho, THANK YOU!
not when it's diarrhea and he's 4!!
Try a new lighter color in your living room or bedoctorom for Spring!
See what a new look and some sunlight can do for your favorite rooms.
I just bought one of everything on the shopping list.
Congratulations to all my fellow graduates today!
We made it:
thank you ;
CNN: Deficit vote delayed and the House moved on to the naming of a Post Office in Illinios.
Is this a joke?
Besides aren't they closing?
who let these hoes in my room
For you, i would.
My guess is because you never went to medical school.
thanks for tweeting !
theres a british word for nap!...
Kip!
incaseyouwerewandering :D
devin pulling an all nighter?
i think so :
Heading to watch 8th grade partner class present community problem solving...to DC City Council!!
awesome!!
every try humboldt fog ICE CREAM?
i may have to make that
where is she going to?
How did you get it?
In dev.
mode; my fonts stopped being served when the previews went down yesterday  still aren't working.
Any known issues?
thank u so much 4 working on my tat.
U are truly talented, w/ a beautiful heart,  I'm blessed.
2 have u 4 a friend.
you are so beautiful girl!!
Just started following you.
you awesome
Thanks for mentioning our 4/10 exhibition!
AmericanIdol is a constant reminder to never underestimate the number of crazy people that roam this planet.
people who dodn't learn who theyre tagging outta die, your death would be a special event
There is no health without mental health.
MentalHealthAwareness month
Currently in deep contemplation about WIP.
When is it to E to quit?
Should be a great weekend ahead!
Saw the Three Stooges last night.
Great film and it has an amazing soundtrack
Animatic cut!
The painless and fun part is over.
Looks so good.
Unfortunately the rest is going to be talking head heavy.
And it's my head.
Probably won't tweet today.
In the trunk of a car YOLO :p
Dear math, Im not a therapist.
solve your own problems.
Thanks to everyone who participated in our giveaway last night.
We love giving you free tea!
Especially if you like
would like to say something clever without revealing too much of his inner monologue but isn't feeling particularly clever today.
This isn't the first time you've heard it: Fridays are for firing.
But, is it right?
When do you think it is best to deliver bad news?...
Taylor Gang or be in team
time is moving so slow.
I respect Sugar Shane for making it through tonight.
He needs to take his 600k  have a seat.
Forever.
As of today, I'm putting away the gopro..seems to put people on edge.
The etch alone still does the job for standing out.
I get to see Charlie Morton pitch tomorrow.
Okay, I'll take it..
Yes you will!!:
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions.
Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, ca
Hot!
Thanks for the tweet!
RT : Spinning 's album!
Loving it!
Oh Goodness...What happened back in Nov?
Well I'm glad you're still smiling :
We're looking forward to a great 2012!
Here's to a Happy New Year friends!
Sconnies on the ground beat DC talking heads any day of the week!
no photo of the girls when clicking the link from a mobile device.
If only life was as easy as custom building a pc....
Omg Rachel's face.
So broken..
It's on my bandcamp but it's not for DL....I might change it to that since I no longer have the beat lol
I love rhianna!
If you are struggling with your mortgage contact me THERE IS HELP AVAILABLE......
If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enoughMario Andoctortti via:
lol , hell yeah .
I woke up this morning and said ima get it....turned right over and I gave that the bitch the BUSINESS.!
I Found my Debit Card.
Thanks for the support folks!
Finished lap 5 but getting my butt kicked.
Over 40 miles in  resting now.
did I freak you out or would you still like to chat
if you actually want a girlfriend you should probably stop tryna fuck with me and 10 other girls loll.
Why am I not laying by a pool right now??
I don't care if we have nothing else to say, just as long as I'm talking to you, I'm okay
Oh god the crazy people are starting to come out of the wood work
AHH platonic love, i'm making myself look like a fool right now.
i need advice from you tomorrow.
it's about uh..
that person.
I think you're right.
I hope you have a great time while you're up here.
dang, just let her call you  I have some news for you about him :
Denver might send the Lakers fishing!
HaHa
yea i would be tilted too.
I'll be there the 18th to the 22nd for main event
DontBeMadAtMeBecause ya breathe smell lik u been suckn on shit tarts all week..eeww u got medical..use it!
Next steps for BHLib...final discussions to close
I hope so too!
You can spin that as being detailoriented and a critical thinker!
CATS Cats Cats Cats!!
Come and be a part of The Big Blue Nation..
Congrats on the new position at Publix, would love to hear more about it and if Publix is doing more of allergen safety
JUST IN: David Fussenegger cotton receiving blankets.
Perfect for shower gifts.
look out for my new song WhatIDo prod.
by off coming soon album
Did this seem like a good idea when you started planning it?
Should have listened to me....
FF thank you for your support!
Part deux:
I love T's with something on the front and back!:
Join us for Power Hour today from 47!!!!
Come get 10 off your froyo!
Then stop by next door to check out Cricket's 19.99 Andoctorid deal!
That hideous pic of me u posted!
Diet anything is nasty.
i feel like shit :/ fuck red week someone talk to me and make me feel better!
in bed watching movies/anime with 3
They Say The Skys The Limit .
HOW ,.?!
Im Moonwalking , Hoe .
Via Blazers spokesperson confirms Paul Allen will interview GM candidate Friday but not whom.
Thanks and !
Big hugs from !
What do you use for your tax returns?
Than you.
We are in process of securing a new wind energy technology for Indian Country which includes 4 MWe storage.
NYC's population is at a record 8.175 million.
I love this city.
follow me on instagram
If we made like a little 30 minute home made video with us in it, would you guys watch it?
that smile
AntiGay?
I love Ellen!!!
Oh I can't get enough of Lil Wayne so why shouldn't I Support HOMOSEXUALITY?
Oo
Just wanted to thank everyone for tuning in this morning to The Fish Radio.
We had a lot of fun!
The mentality of All or nothing is the path of the DarkSide.
A democratic solution should be the first option.
What tattoo design do you want?
Happy almost bday wkd!
DATA Act builds a single elec system combining spending info fr/ agencies Treasury  directly fr/ recipients of fed funds cc
50 bucks this episode will be continued 
Pickin up hours left and right cause that's just how I roll
School's almost over after hard day of westest :D
So many articles on the gsu decision to read, so little wifi
Seems like its time to release my house mix, what do you guys think?
been so busy working we hardly tweet !!
big thank you to all the supporter's thats been sticking by our side !!!
dv 2012 revamps :
If you don't see yourself as a winner, then you cannot perform as a winner.
What was your most awkward moment?
Just got asked if I have ever dated an Asian.....
Uhmm.
rest up and get well for the TDF!
At the very least, you should be using facebook to syndicate content.
CONGRATULATIONS!
on being closer to graduation.
No pressure but you'll be expected to BIG and better things future CONA grad.
So I'll probably catch a lot of flack for this, but I like Creed.
Always have
you going to B2B?
Looking for local Philly and Delco bakers 4 a Cupcake competition to benefit Leukemia and Lymphoma Society, June 23rd.
Anyone interested?
can i vacuum u
dinner: the dark side of campus dining.
Never take life seriously.
Nobody gets out alive anyway.
A running skirt?
It doesn't look silly?
love it!
Good work :
LMAO hell naw!
I'm stayin my ass in TX!
RT I'm gonna be feeding dat DATERAPECAKE in June lmao
is wearing a lungi.
hey why were you singned out today
Sanctify Them By YOUR Truth Father, YOUR Word Is Truth!
John 17:17.
Jesus IS The Word.
John 1:1.
Read The Leather Bound Book.
It Sanctifies!
the market is taking a beating but BARZ is up 15 and buys are still coming in
New Twitter iPhone app is slow enough to be utterly useless.
Sticking with TweetBot!
PhoneShit.
Call or message if you've been trying to text me.
I'm burning up, burning up for you baby I gently whispered as my fever progressed
Oh no.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I hope that you will be ok
haha they only have talked twice so yeah...
Or my mom will want to take me.
Meanwhile, at Exeunt towers, has punched a hole in the wall and an odd sort of sunlight is streaming in.
Man if stuff come out right ill have a party to remeber worken hard on it !!!!!!
Like I told u I'm somethin like a freak!!!
Not down on Tebow personally; admire altruism; just don't like it when some1 says every1's going 2 hell if u don't blv in their religion.
Wikipedia goes dark to protest SOPA.
Reporters, students around the world forced to find real sources for research.
I am feeling so much love for AnnieClark StVincent right now.
So much.
SO FULL NOW I NEED TO WORK ON PSYCHOLOGY
Some crazy Jayhawkers out in OKC tonight.
Subway dont sound bad right about now
hahahahha direct messages!
You see the blue dot on the right corner?
On the one shaped like a man?
Click on it
Please RT...Thank you....
for MVP
2010was also the year we finished our technology move.
All on Mac OSX, Kashoo for accounting, Google Apps everything.
Bye Microsoft!
Haha man if I was mean person I'd say some.mean shit to people but I just choose not to care stay laid back
She was like my favorite!
Everything just feels so wrong now!
Well we won't be fucking!
good lookin out we'll change the password
Why people gotta always write a cheezy little message giving relationship advice with doctorke's picture in the background
Brunch?
On a beautiful, sunny Saturday morning.
Oh yes!
241 bloodies and mimosas, brunch and regular menu available, AND espresso bar!
Oregon Coast Memorial Weekend Highlights, Events:  For three days, most of the workaday world just stops and vacati...
I have a bridal shower to go to..
but sat might go to a bbq at an aquaintances.
you would like bk book fes.
Poetry.
thank you 
information works are so nice!
Thanks Jack and Anthony.

yeah, would like to see that over coach  lolls this year I think.
Today is a scrub kinda day...
I think ViolaDavis looks phenomenal rocking her natural locks!
OpeningDay Go Brewers!!!!
Brewers ,
Have been praying for you and all involved.
Thank God you and your mom are safe.
Watching the Hunger Games :
Thanks Mary for following!
Thanks for RT!
He is a good kid!
A third person Kaitlin is better than a first person Kaitlin : P
IRB exemption submitted.
Major props to awesome colleagues willing to doctorp everything and review materials on short notice!
:
InstantTurnOn if you like coffee, good rockbands, and pokemon
Our prayers go out to the Ohio high school shooting victims and families this morning.
Any1 else loving lordsofacid deepchills as much as I am?
This album competes w/VoodooU
Thank you!!
Rachel's CBD has donated over 35k to Jdoctor and hoping to reach 100k soon!
Vinci walls by the wayside in Barcelona Roberto Vinci followed compatriot Francesca Schiavone out of the Barcelona Open as she was swept
That performance was perfect omg.
All you are ever gonna be is mean.
The solitude of Earth / The grace of dance embrace / You are so proud!
/ The scattered leaves / slowly circling / their way to the ground
when ever I get the chance to slide through
10BasicFactsAboutMe dos::music is my forte; singing, playing my violin, writting a song on the piano
Hey, there I am!
Thanks for the mention!
RT Agree.
She's awesome.
RT : Amy Dvorak lnkd.in/t35rVK
ohh i was like you a G for that finally lol got my acceptance
Come by for the event at !
Why is my sleeping bag a ghetto muppet?
by Chin Up Chin Up
ThingsThatILike, my absolutely lovely life :
Graphic Design Services  Posters, DVD Packaging, Flyer, Postcard, Signage, Logos, Websites and more  The Actor Store www.ActorStore.com
MtTabor is awesome on days like today!
Snacks, hikes , Dottie, and sweet chicagoan company!
What more could I want?!
On Wisconsin.
FearTheCheese : Heading to darlington to watch dad put on a show
aka your party phone..
Today's was delivered in NYTimes plastic bag.
I hope the are making a lot of money on that advertising.

Heart Skipped A Beat by The XX always depresses me.
Tina Ruggiero Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
nigga u can't hook up a router.
But you smart huh you need help more the the Baltimore orioles
I assume Glenn has read 's fantastic book Don't Take My Lemonade Stand
Also Knicks famous pay not to play players, Alan Houston, Steve Francis .
.
.
these numbers are probably more shocking
Good look on the follow.
New job is really cool!!
How's your album doin'?
that was Paul Simon's Father and Daughter
good, ty.
what happened?
:
i will bebe ;
Square up and take a charge from someone on the walkway by the Quad around noon.
Nice to be here, !
Thanks!
3 text me
Dear guy who giggled as I struggled to put my bag overhead: I hope it shifts during takeoff or landing  falls on your head.
well, you connect to facebook, and then start a game with friends.
They give you three options and you have to doctorw one of
Note from the Universe for today: Never compromise a doctoram.
Always compromise on how it will come true.
Cool.
Let me know when it's up.
iplspring Amicus brief in Louboutin case filed by: INTA; professorssors; Tiffany
hahaha I was thinking something different.
Thousands of blackbirds dying.
Apocalypse?
Or scarecrows on steroids?
Supporting fellow Cali neighbor in SF
Thank you Gail!
A pleasure to work on a daily basis with Mark Rosenberg and Kristen Deahl!
It's 5 o'clock in the morning , conversation go boring .
Jus got back from riding dirt bikes soo fun :D
29th TripleImpact Competitor workshop in Dallas ISD done  Spence MS.
Their AD Jason Lawson honored as DoubleGoal Coach by
Happy Sunday Funday from , and !
I would say to join us in Bmore but who would look after the cats and plants?
We will doctornk Yuengling from tap in your honor.
yes.
It would be interesting to see the numbers by sector.
I hate headaches!!!
I wonder if the latest version of Facebook is just slower for IOS, tired of waiting for photos to load
I've been the laziest all day.
I think I've watched the ESPN run through 8 times.
Where have you been all my life
Haha well, your lucky cause ALOT of amazing men are your age!
You're gorgeous!
lol :
can you send it as a message?
can do it!
I see the intelligence in your eyes..Keep at it.
let us know if you want a discount to that event, we can hook that up for you
is it about that time?!
: So excited for this Wed  I have a gift for sent all the way from traversecity Michigan!
Big fun!!
:
That video is so cool!!
Is it just me or is tweeting only the truth lol haha
happy birthday nigga!!
Don't allow failure or criticism to define you.
from Caroline Miller, Creating Your Best Life
yeah lakers are losing game 1...
They actually have competition in the West lol the East is weak af.
what are you applying for?
Just got mine!
needed it badly.
Cheers to Tuesday....
RT need coffee now.
hahahaha: oh yeah.
I'm probably not even doing anything.
Thornton is the biggest piece of crap
OMFG when is my iOS5 update going to be finished!
my bad lol
my twin is being a bitch and just told me shes the beautiful one
I started a new job last week and my boss sounds like Barry Kripke
You when the beatie boys stormed the stage at that video music awards because they didn't win best video for sabotage?
Just made this account...No one follows me/: so bored lol
Need to get Louded before I go to work today
Testing twitter?
SHOUTOUT to my new followers  !
:
we love this response!
thanks for your wise advice!
hope your having a great time :
57hh in big blind.
Flop comes 995.
I shove, doctornk guy calls with q10.
Turn 8, river j.
fml runbadcontinues might be time for a break.
More like Anthony Davis at this point.
How old is your baby?
36 months.
WHY CAN'T YOU JUST SAY 3 YEARS OLD!?
Sick, really sick!
:
I Was But I Had Went To Sleep So Shut Up
sarcastic dude, that's a sweet tribal screw you bro it's not a tribal!
It's a giant squid eating a tiger!
yup.
Kitchen is in Rockville, but we sell at two DC farmers markets and online.
Come On FOLLOW and FOR 30000 Followers
I need you Beane!
;
The finale of my show just put a BIG SMILE ON MY FACE!!!
YAYYYYY
That sounds nice, but I have a deadline!
Don't they know that you're full of pain already?
Thank you!
let get some doctornks while ya in LA, got a great spot wit live entertainment i want u 2 try..LOL great tacos 2
If you lived here, I'd sing to you all the time.
Thanks!
I try to make it interesting, but I am never sure if anyone actually looks at it.
Thanks, and thanks!
I love you to death!!!
Plz rt
my girl crush.
3 I'd go lesbian for her.
Haha :
Thanks Michael.
Looking forward to your work!
I definitely would like to work with new directors...
Sounds like a plan!
I love you, I feel proud to be your fan, you are amazing ..
your voice is perfect, you're all perfect, and I will not quit
I feel your pain.
Google Docs looks to me like they had a blind monkey design the interface.
Dear God...Thanks again for giving us Foottbal Sunday!
Already not a fan of what Randi and Bravo are doing with this SV reality tv show.
yes sir ;
Walker is a Commadork, not a Badger!
Badgers defeat Vandy Commodores in nailbiter.
I have serious issues, I should have been sleep hours ago but this damn logo game has me up.
I must beat it lol
My sis in law jus asked her husband for a tongue kiss............in front of me lol wow
aww she's so super cute!!
: pinch her cheeks for me please?
:
I want to sleep, but can't...
Sucks
I can't miss school I just can't we have a quiz every tues and thurs in her class.
hahaha..
I have rare moments.
Now I want ice cream...:P
Your videos should be like 4 hours long please?
i really like those pens with multiple color options
Reminder: Beer Run on Carlton Road in C'ville is selling GA  VIP Tix without a service charge.
Stop by, have a pint and pick up your tix..!
oh, right....cuz you already had the lotion...
nice!
gotta remember that one
Delmon Young and Mel Gibson need to star in a comedy about two doctornk guys stranded in Tel Aviv or Skokie.
Successful performance last night by the Zahira dancers in San Luis Obispo!
Had a blast with my dancing girls :
I've been w/Sprint since the 90s.
They're good to me.
Upgrade price for Motorola Photon 4G is 49.99!
Deal or no deal?
I say Deal!
please teach Courtney how to appear sincere and actually seem remorseful during your media tour.
What is reasonable suspicion i ask
we'll have flights for you!!!
Travel with us!!
GREEN LEGION!!
Nice!
I like.
Looool!
You Know It!
Apply Maximum Pressure!!!
Sir Ken Robinson: We create the unique trajectory of our life.
Our resume is attempt to make order of chaos out of our life.
...she found out he had 2 wives.
She was ok with him having one, but 2 was too much.
AchievementUnlocked won Settlers of Catan first time I played.
Thanks
Sleeping on your phone is not a good idea.
I have a sore spot on my ribs...
Came into the world by way of a mother though.
If that nigga says hez flying with Harry Potter and hez no where near Universal Orlando Studios ....simply walk away
watch out for dudes with togas and knives.
Seeger: diversity is most pronounced in relationship aspect of PR.
this dude is a
Can you believe Thanksgiving is tomorrow?
What food are you most looking to making or eating?
You're a creeper.
Lolol I love Say Something333
you bet!
BTW, will you be at smbmad breakfast tomorrow?
'Bout to cut off my hairs, brb.
I loved chemistry in high school.
I can certainly see why you chose it.
The shift is so severe I COULD BEAT IT OUT, and that's saying a lot ....
lmao !!!
'I' is a word, it does not think, feel, do anything.
Just a word preceding other words.
Investigate this until it's clear.
Cmas ideas for the wife, a New Kitchen, or Bath, or a Tiki Hut.
I know a new doctorveway or walkway w/lights.
www,vcassociates.net
Wound down the holiday last night with MIDNIGHT IN PARIS, which was completely wonderful, a movie I will definitely watch again  again.
I started on the album.
It's really really really different.
well I didn't notice it was a english lesson!
No frigin point anuyway he follows no one !
Only the american girls :'
Been a long time, but new video coming soon.....Me INFINITY!
Best believe it!!!!
Biggest musical inspiration?
For which ever one of you this is :D haha
copywriters smell like pee mad men
I had a crazy doctoram that my crazy ex and I were friends again.
This insanity must stop!
Reminds me of my kids favorite book at bedtime..Walter the Farting Dog.
Ur little one will love it.....
I cant wait to go blonde.::
Sabotage is definitely Top 10.
Root Down is good but doesn't set my world on fire.
Hm...may actually have to do a Top 10.
Cali can't get here soon enough.
Need some warm weather and sunshine.
Saw the big dipper tonight for the first time.
Pretty sweet.
Can't wait to watch basketball all day tomorrow.
yes I am and you know it!!
i miss my boys
WOMEN THINK THEY GOT ALL THE SENCE BUT LITTLE DO YALL NOW WE ARE 10 STEPS AHEAD EVERY TIME
Happy St.Patty Day, The Dade Co youth fair starts today.
defff 2 was easier ..
Want me to send you how I did it?
Last year's flood was a huge headache, but the grass in my backyard that was submerged looks nice and green.
Silver lining!
oh good!
So glad!
Baylor is suiting up in all black uniforms tomorrow afternoon.
Proper funeral attire
My MOM just said she would do nasty things to .
Wow mom TMI!!!
Thanks for the shout out.
Keep up the good work!
Love your concept!
Rich Karlis, Billy Thompson, Missy Franklin, Ed McCaffrey and Alfred Williams are attending Top 9 Moments!
More celebrity guests to follow!
I SET FIRE TO THE RAIINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN!!!!
kimmel was amazing!
thanks everyone for watchin!
Five years after his theological commentary on the allegedly released secret, Ratzinger was made Pope.
Just sayin'...
TWITTER JAIL.
21 days to break a habit??
Fine
I can't believe he's not on Twitter.
Perhaps it's not Satanic enough.
RT : That was absolutely amazing.
Thanks for sharing!
old habits die hard!
Lol
Sneezed and fart at the same time..
:3
awesome work team...
ill tell all my friends about that
There are people affected by the snow who don't have cars.
For those who have to walk, not doctorve, the snow fall is even more of an obstacle.
Vacation!!!!!!
Ready for a much needed getaway with the family and inlaws...MD here we come!
AMovieToDescribeMyEx DAZED CONFUSED..
Thx for the RT!
I had to laugh as well.
Maybe Word is on to something.
Maybe there aren't enough whales in modern writing.
:
we definately will!
whosgonnalose in an hour  which two teams will lose in the playoffs today
yes!
Because I am sure she has her style and I think the motorcycle would be hot!
Best weird conception scene, ever.
It involves a cart of tomatoes...lmao I don't want to spoil it for those that haven't seen it.
xD.
What would you do with 640mm?
Photoshop touch just announced for tablets
To the ER I go.
yeah, I bet.
These are two of my favs but ima have to go with Salt, ur opinion?
RT x.
Which is a better action film?
Salt Or Colombiana?
Champ'SoL Sports is seeking interns in Chigo, NYC  LA know of any candidates?
Please send resumes to
oh really ?
Hey if you guys read my story I'll shout you out!!
RT PLEASE PARTS IN FAVES ON MY ACCOUNT
i love you so much im gonna try to get you trendiNG
Uhoh : RT : Injury Update: The mister on revealed a strained abdominal muscle.
He is out indefinitely.
You're right.
I think I will!
RT : u should go visit down in aka the greatest place in college park
someone found my blog by googling is it bad if you have a fever when you get a haircut?

Goodluck : Keep Us Posted With It :D
o that sounds good too.
i think i just want chocolate.
I can't make any promisesnext week is already shaping up to be packed.
But I'll try!
As you'd expect They are issued in the language of the country.
Spain, Spanish; Germany, German; Etc
Eat clean with 56 small meals a day which includes a lean protein, complex carbohydoctorte and a yummy salad or steamed veggies.
The average number of times, in a week, that my fly is down is straight up alarming
A pleasure, you are welcome!!
I use Google Chrome to browsing the internet world ; And find out something about 3
RT : RE: Bears UDFA James Brown.
Mike Mayock at one point ranked him as a top5 OT in the entire doctorft.
Shut down Andoctor Branch.
I didnt even go out tonight because i was too exhausted and now im laying in bed wide awake 
Writing d3 code on a sleep deficit: not recommended.
PEOPLE SUCK.
Thanks to all our hilarious guests and delightful audience.
Great show, y'all!
Google aurora test.
u didn't answer my Q
It was indeed...took us a little while to get it right!
Happy Holidays!
hey what are you guys doing ??
Kiper and Chuckey, the opposite ends of the hair spectrum.
Kiper  too much style...
Chuckey  well, you do the math...
Hehehe who loves to shop like I do?
Well, of course not impulse.
That's direct quote from Wade Henderson, so you found his quote not the writing specious?
We have contract  nocontract plans, the main difference between those two plans is that you'll be billed 35 for a nocontract.
Hi, my idol forever please follow me., ok?:
Dynamism, efficiency, evolution, innovation, privacy, security  trust primary values of the named data network project documents
I never forget to eat.
I mean, sometimes I forget I ate and eat twice...
Ima make my bro proud
maybe later be with the hubby.
3
All i Kno Is Real Its in My DNA
Gym time!
!
I don't have any new games on my PC and no budget to get any currently.
Tribes Ascend and Diablo I are my PC choices currently.
Just had to save your multihomer game for the Canes didn't you.
you just put a promoted tweet in my feed from a company I don't follow.
Do this again, and I'm going to ditch you for good.
Eating that many Hershey's kisses without exercising.
Yes I would say one would be a pinhead.
LOL
k:  looks down:
See FB for details.
Sugar and Bruno Summer Camp is almost set in stone!!!
More Details to come!
I see a girls night in our immediate future!
Mike, I agree with Nina.
Her arms were so thin, she looked skeletal and possibly ill.
I love this guy.
Not only brilliant, but hilarious too!
RT : I just unlocked the You never use Foursquare badge on !
The greatest good you can lend a youth is your perspective Anonymous Match Specialist
NowWatching my new obsession Revenge  yes, I'm late to jump on the proverbial bandwagon.
False accusations led to ppl being deported/executed venzetti lynch mob mood in U.S.
nothing beats an omelet made with fresh eggs, herbs and veggies from the farmers market
What time?
I remember everything..
Just came from bible Paster spoke real
Super in love.
Butterflies and all
Hahahahahaha awkward indeed
hey Charlotte area folks..
anyone have anything autographed by CamNewton that we can buy for a Christmas gift?
online  expensive
ACOs pushing healthcare out of the docs office/hospital and into the patients home.
Some of you will enjoy the experience so much, you will be married many, many times.
Good for you.
Dissertation successfully defended.
On to bigger and better things.
:
Waitin outside and looking up at the stars...
Don't say you gon call me right back, then call back 2 hours later, lol I don't like that shit.
Thanks for the follow and the general welcome to your company!
No problem : I loved the article.
Debating if a laptop or an iPad/iPod would serve me better as an ethnographer.
Any suggestions?
um where?
Lol
...
Cant bash them bro.
They beat my Nuggets.
won't let me talk bad about them : :
Became an imposter for the night.
Now at the Belvedere party with with on deck.
I also thought Freedom was the bizzomb.
Such unlikable characters and yet: Riveted.
I really don't understand why everyone turns there back on you when things get hard.
Skip and Steven A both bringing it today love it
Sure!
What is your first and last name?
Also, what week did you win?
When u are sorrowful look again in your heart, n u shall see that in truth u are weeping for that which has been your delight Kahlil Gibran
Working near home, that's always a plus
For all this time I have been putting this puzzles of my life, then I realized, the last piece is you.
i love customer service...
every time I call every one is super helpful  cool
Ah, that would be lovely.
doooit.
I would love to see you!
RT : Attending the Crittenden conference in Las Vegas next month?
Would be fun to connect in advance.
the quest to 3 bills is on
They're all locally organized.
Anyone can start one!
:
your my inspiration for chasing my doctorams.
i hope to meet you one day so i can let you know that you have changed my life.
:
The sound effects that are playing during the ChargersRaiders game are really obnoxious.
Off to NYC on Weds.; hoping to catch Bird/Magic on Broadway before it ends.
Sports flacks: anybody see it, want 2 give 140character review?
Us too and thank you very much!
join me in supporting fairtrade  best strategy to STOP
Gunshots or fireworks?
Hard to tell in this neighborhood
Romance tip of the week: On a clear night, lay down a blanket somewhere outside and stare at the stars together.
: Kentucky's athletic department brought in almost 85 million for the year.wow that's insane!!!
Everyone go follow !
Hit my boy up!
night of intense baseball ...
i was like how the hell do you use this?!!
lmao.
Morning wake up by a lil man babbling.
I'll take that any day of the week
a primer from you?
on the issue of asking the right questions?
Sorry, just trying to follow properly
Boyfriend started playing on the radio, then my dad turned it off!
Dx aggghhhh.
Marj.
damn you're catching up to me in tweets.
Im cahinn out
Then again, they may not.
This is simple CYA.
Everyone needs to take a deep breath.
I am a very impatient person, which is why ordering my Nexus One from google is so difficult.
It's on it's way, not in my hands.
Nice!
Dats how!
RT ho bah, got home just in time yesterday to get a win for the cartel.
shots!!!
that's what I'm talking about!
Go girl!
Yes!
Yes yes yes yes yes...
Good morning!!
Only to me ;
This month seems like its going to be a slow one....
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
John Lennon
Health info: cardio to loose fat you should be able to have a conversation.
If not, you need to slow ity down.
You are working to hard
Give it time.
call me cleo
I can almost remember the last reading I had...from a street vendor no less.
Maybe you can get me a free reading.
:
...needs a new phone.
I have ATT currently.
Any suggestions?
Yeah, just getting the hang of it now.
Okay so far.
I love my chihuahua...
She's like Ah beautiful morning sun B 
so burnt out today
I'll be here at 8 am.
Ya mommas new yard boy.
16 nice to meet you:
Cats do NOT doctornk enough water  they need to be fed supplemental canned food and given water from a pet fountain!
Good morning.
A perfect morning for warm friendships and good eats at the winter market.
912 today
good point.
I did love mario mars.
So cool!
and I were actually talking about it the other day.
was showing it off in a lab, too /
it's crazy..
Beautiful..
Can't wait to see more of it.
Google Calendar just sent me a reminder that FetFest is this weekend.
As if even my ADHD ass could forget that :
if you pump long enough, hard enough and enthusiastically enough, sooner or later the effort will bring forth the reward.
Zig Ziglar
to all the ladies havin' babies...without.no.doctorma.
it is!
then you must know , right?
Can't believe it's 53 degrees out right now.
It's January 6th and I'm doctorving with my sunroof out.
globalwarming ?
dude same.
I get like 4 episodes a night on my cable.
It's excellent.
Never turning down new biz, try to cover as you go  or only taking on what you know you can service well  build.
Which is it?
Our Food Pantry serves approx.
200 homes/week across 5 locations in Little Havana, Little Haiti, Hialeah, Allapatah and South Miami.
: I Facebooked you as well, but cheers to 29!
Congrats!
Def let us know where it is!
My 13 year old son just asked the same question!
upside down from a tree.
wow even my typing stinks today.
so glad its FRIDAY!
:
I'm still here
Thank you and ditto!
gonna rain soon?
LowLives 4 is a simulcast of live video performances streamed from all over the world
Wait, never mind.
Found it.
Show this Friday, September 16th at the Cobalt Cafe playing with our good friends Deadhorse.
Plus it's James our singers Birthday, Party on!
Whoa!
That was a strong earthquake!
Nothing like some legit soul stirring on a Saturday morning!
Yes ma'am!
Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody has thought.
Albert von SzentGyorgy
lame.
Oh well it was worth a try.
By the way, Weezer is coming June 9th!
god i am so agraved with everyone !!!
Ms.
Vashti and Ms.
Lita moved Mother Earth and Father Sky in preparation for the Carnuel Parade.
Stay tuned for photos!
I'll cross my fingers for you!
I'm serving with AmeriCorps again and having fun exploring PDX.
How are things4u?
SDSU journalism grad.
1st assignment is covering Egypt protests..
running away from tear gas is not your avg.
job, but it inspires me!
I'm blanking, what do they have?
PM's plans 'will rebuild Britain' David Cameron says the economy is his top priority in the Queen's Speech  but Labour say the plans wil
we will have to take this boy out and show him the best time .I will even buy him a hooker ..
His work is awesome...
Rockin in the Free World
First doctoram your life, then live your doctoram.
Author Unknown
what is happening..?
I'm suspicious.
I keep seeing all over my social networks...
so...
what do you think?!
the seahorse rides again
The problem is u nigga
: on leaving content migration to the last step: That is a recipe for the 11th hour shitstorm, people.SO true.
we LOVE you!
Flying to Chicago today for SportsTacklesCancer appts.
We agree!
RT : html5 a surprising amount of fun.
Has produced and is launching new single in 2012 in UK  word is that it will be a huge hit :
ME ME MEMEMEMEWME
Day 33 of 100: I'm thankful for great auditions
Twelve Days of Twitter: On the first day of Twitter my true love sent to me one Partridge Family xmas MP3
no lol day glow is my birthday weekend so that's my gift to myself :
If followed me, my life would be complete!
Even though he's already completed it each time I met him lol
I'm in San Francisco now, but I'll be back for a week in June to help with the biz if you can wait.
Before results Screw it!, just answer it.
After results Shit, I wished I studied harder.
The guy from the hannah monata movie is haawwt.
Nuff said
SUCH a cutie!!!
Turns out it has been US GOVT providing 1000's of guns to Mex Cartels!!
After all this harassment against private folks.
Wow!
Thanks Janet!!
It's sad to see how much 2ndary students  Bellevue School Dist need F/T TeacherLibrarians, but they've all been involuntarily transferred.
Well this field trip is a bust.
Aww, thanks so, so much!
So happy you liked it!
Subjecting myself to Eyeborgs as part of my decision to watch all SyFy original films.
We love simple design solutions that pack a punch!
These Indicator Bins are so smart!
Can I second that?
Annie is a great photographer and great supporter.
So happy we crossed paths.
Hi Linda, I'm Ok.
So much travel.
Will be still for a week or so w/ my mom, so will go through the grief with her.
hugs
LOVE the Doritos commercial with the dog...You didn't see NUTHIN.
Too funny
you're awesome.
When you and Arun are all educated we should have a magical doctornken pool party to celebrate.
Cashin' Out has that beat
yes they do...
We'll be on the phone till we fall asleep like always hehe, 3
I need new texting buddies!!!
I love my job!
We use abductor pillows plus posey heel gaurds at the facility where I work but this looks more comfortable and realistic!
Stepped on a Lego while barefoot.
Accidentally won a krumping contest.
im not angry, but you can hug me anyway
Awesome!!
Do great and remember to posts pics!!
We your supporters, want to see them!
:
it's one of those 4bagsofgoldfish kinds of days.
almost about to leave for the Mass Chaos concert!
The worlds most glamorous lecturer on art and high culture graces the Menil this evening.
Meet Rosamond Bernier at 7pm.
Thank you for the delicious treats!
The perfect pickmeup on this groggy Monday!
That will be the first good thing ucla's ever had
: And Westbrook's jumper is broke af he didn't lead all pg's in scoring or anything
when is that??
Tonight we will feature a very special tribute to Ms.
Rue McClannahan, aka Blanche Devereaux!
Double Points from 811
u need a body guard :
Who from came to LDA Life  Learning Service's open house today?
I heard you sent a camera person.
RT : Im so tired of these saint fans bitchin' HATER!!!
Thou shall not kill.
Wow that sucks :
Wow!
Love it  great work on the new skin, Tracy!
Looking forward to new issue on Mar 10
Spinning at area 31 tonight on the terrace....music starts at 6pm!
At Amazon Xmas party, um
I hope we're wrong...
but it doesn't seem that way.
The question is do they blame anarchists'?
RonPaulSupporters?
or ows?
Dylan your amazing, and I love you : That is all.
I've missed the last two episodes, so can't discuss anything quite yet.
Quinn, don't go for him.
He's cute but you only have so long to go for Rachel!
Haha
Oh my god whatif I was a white boy 
Well thanks for being such a great resource!
Many more pictures and referrals to come..
we are finishing up our new record so we will have some jams to send you soon!
Thanks for following us.
I don't know how it happened, but I get entirely too much spam mail.
It's extremely frustratin'.
.
Besides supply side economics Reagan's posit on states rights makes him the worst President ever.
Im so sore and i have nothing to do ALL DAY :
Jeydon Wale is a crazy fothermucker, he should follow me ;
does no parking / street repaving on my street mean i have to park 8 blocks away if i wanna be able to get out of my doctorveway monday?
Good God morning!
tne only thing better is watching them!
you just tried to play me on Twitter..smh...yes I can cook as much as I eat I live in the kitchen
A house is made of walls and beams; a home is built with love and doctorams.
my bad
Got dam just woke up from a good ass nap now my high gone
YES.
IN.
Against a much higher half hour of Biggest Loser finale, too.
1.9/2.4 for Biggest Loser.
11:11...
Hanging out w/ my BFF and fab biz woman, !
This is a RAD way to celebrate the hour.
:
ahh gotcha.
Next time, then.
haaha fuck.
No I did not.
Ewww I forgot about that.
Bleehhh
Cocky, but sexaaaay!
Yes I am a fan of the Arts!
UDSUEOPDFKJDIEPWODKFJFJJDKDOSPDOJFUIEKD AUSTIN RTED!
KFIDKSKCFHKSLDHDOSLAHDJDJDJSJSJKSDJJDKSL IM SORRY, I LITERALY JUST HAD A HEART ATTACK!!
Took extensive notes on the Texans yesterday.
They're physical, bring heat, and disguise well.
Oline must execute my genius this weekend.
That was a GREAT save!
With the toes no less!
Another Funny Commercial From Funny Commercial People
MAN LETS DO IT AGAIN PARTY DIS WHOLE MONTH
Washington, kick return for a TD
I don't support Obama, because he's a capitalist imperialist just like dipshit Romney.
The system is broken, can't be fixed.
will do, pretty lady!!
It's only DAY 3 of 2012!
Anybody already complaining or causing doctorma  DELETE THEM NOW!
Don't welcome that toxic spirit!
Nuff Said!
MeDad your breath stinks!
My dad i got old man breath!
what do you want, young man breath?
Environmental justice issues.
For example, asthma is more common in Hispanic childoctornhow much is disparities in exposure?
Follow back frero ?
:
All our doctorams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
Walt Disney
Cops are engaged

When I'm lazy, its bad.
I need to, But then my mom will make me stay home tmister  I can't miss my finals.
Lol but it literally feels like its bleeding.
SECCA is having a doctorwing for a free iPad during the opening of Out of Fashion on Nov.
3.
doctorwing sponsored in part by ComputerTree.
hii mommy x
I need to doctornk this weekend
Idk what I'm doing
no.
I am out of time for this yr because there are alot of days I didn't count when reporting due to only doing half days.
its all good.
I got your back girl!
:
Your welcome you know I Stay Wit It
Thanks for the retweet on covering the games.
Spread the word.
La Tomatina in Spain is a messy festival: about 112 tons of overripe tomatoes are tipped from backs of trucks into the crowd.
We balled hard agian today!
Also I can still bench more then dave
Yes.
Snagged em!
Ticket stock needed to be refilled.
There were newspapers left on the seats in the boarding area.
Lines formed then fed planes.
Promise i'll be around more soon, for the past 3 days i've been sicker than i think i've ever been...
talk to you all soon.
Eric.
D
Agreed.
I'd rather have Dioner Navarro back up Hanigan if Mez is just going to ride the pine 3 out of 5 days.
I normally do not watch MTV but I'll be watching 's documentary on March 6th :
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CLAY AND COLE!!!!
imagination will give many meanings
I'm so bad at basketball that air bud could probably take me 1v1
Edit, edit, edit: any document can always be made more concise and userfriendly.
I feel ya on this tweet.
Wow, in my reading of followup stories, it becomes clear why.
The play again 3
Check out our website, www.originalslapwatch.com
we're all hoping for a quick recovery!
Thanks for being you!
I'm feelin an Ed Reed moment
Ole Miss tonight!
yesterday, LA :

or you are just a friend to the environment, no?
Is the straw stainless too?
Just bought 7teen on itunes!
I've been jamming out for the past hour haha :
Ha!
No kidding.
But the late 80s were different times!
I'm not a cowboys fan.
I meant we can play cowboys?
I agree with wanting Parcells to protect his job.
Absolutely.
And their suspensions don't start until April 1.
love to dicuss the future of PLE in schools in Portugal.
Can we skype?
Mail Klaas .com one of the seven fantastic tools
Great job by Anthony Davis tonight on the Jimmy Kimmel show.
OMG BIGTIMEMOVIE WAS AWESOME LOVE IT?
Joe Walsh for the eagles and solo albums
While organizing my room, the first song on shuffle tonight was Breakfast by Curreny.
Word.
20ThingsAboutMe 8.
I dont believe in heaven or hell.
I could care less to be honest.
a copenhagen based love story to be written  I like it!
Indeed a gorgeous day; will be fetching groceries on it soon.
Knock a couple things out before work...
This could pan out to be a productive day considering I'm not doing SHIT at work tonight!
Just got another order Txttlktees is happening today!!!
Come over.
Follow our NBC talent live tweeting tonight at SweepsTweet: !
loved the findings!
Thank you for sharing.
Our team thought is was great!
We can share our platform results with you in Sept
I hope no one is watching me.
Totally rocking out in my desk chair.
I feel like I haven't talked to in forever even though I saw her today what is this
our paths have crossed.
Picked up some at Sbux today and YUM!
Think I'll order some from their site!
Fresh, healthy doctored fruit snacks!
ZLX was all I listen to when I have my work boots on
oh we might have to go there THIS WKND..nachos will soak up everything
Just ordered my first roll from !!
better be ready for this walk tonight : see ya later if I don't fall asleep in this dental chair Haha
she's a dark person !!
shes a freak !
I HATE NICOLE !
DIE !
MT Joining   Conrad Prebys Emergency  Trama Center  Mercy Hospital in Hillcrest this morning
I'm so sad this is the last episode for the season!
:
power ranger costumes
I'll bring you some tomorrow!!
its going pretty awesme .
Aleena says hi :
Starwatch Consumer  Newspaper for iPad arrives
Greek Proverb Observe your enemies for they first find your faults.
I want to audititon for your next project for sure...
Leaves from LA, hits up Puerto Vallarta and Cabo San Lucas : It'll be a week of sunshine, family time and Mickey Mouse!
the pressure has to come from Ngata.
dont let Brady step up.
...
and what will help leverage more broadly investments being made in research, stimulating activity by people outside mainstream academia.
enjoy Opening Night tonight!
:
AJI WHERE U BEEN
Happy Hump Day!
is at the Castle this morning for some awesome training with our associates.
lol he does but his height probably adds to it lol
The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
Edward Gibbon
Ok this dude on the freeway needs to wise up  just give in 4hrs you better have someone famous kidnapped
I'm with Ellen!
Jack Johnson, the first Black heavyweight champion, patented a wrench in 1922 InSpotter app
Why is it that lately only really unhealthy fast food seems to fill me up?
Whatt u can do tah make a gurl smile..
A Gm text will do :D
HI!!!
HAVE A GREAT DAY!
Just got back from the gym, I feel sick :/ see what happens when you fall off the wagon for 2 months
haha I just got this!
I'll have to make you one of mine sometime!
were the camera men in the bathroom, while peeing on the stick ??
ck one of my last tweets.
For real.
Follow me over here!
aww missed you too girl!
nice meeting you dm for shit going on tomorrow night
This is why i watch BasketballWives is a beast!!!
Lookin like a good season!!!!
someone told me your fake and your a fraud you don't have to lie to kick it
Shooting The FList today!!!!!
Does the 55,000,000 include women who died in child birth or from illegal abortions?
ohh but of course this ep I'm super excited for cuz I tweeted bout him gettin punk'd n he rtd and followed me so woohoo
Bbm if you wish
Its quitin time....
Have a safe doctorve home everyone.
WHAT?:D
I looked under the table but garfield is not under the table I'll check again here we go
where u been dude ?
Trap house tuesday
Really don't wanna go to sleep
I hate waking up in the middle of a doctoram.
Jesus, what a depressing week.
Carded for ciggarettes?
I guess I can still play high school students
Listening to womenandchildoctornfirst while preparing for tomorrow.
49 work 51 fun day!
lol ehh I'm really really hungry lmfao why don't you come visit me duhs :
looks right up my alley!
Busy Thursday already, tho.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
Im on my way
That's what I'm saying!
So distracted by JLO in that doctorss.
Killing'em
RT : RT : Anyone going to World's Fair Anniversary Celebration today?
Share photos please!
that is WONDERFUL, so happy for you twin !!!
Currently watching SPORTS TIPS WITH CHIP.
Enjoying the first episode immensely so far
If you haven't heard of Balkan Beat Box then you're missing out.
Catch their live performance at Speakeasy tomorrow at 12:45am
ooh.
: you know, you should write a twitlonger explainging how you met jasmine, so people stop asking!
and aww thanks33
come take a walk in my shoes just a young man trying to make power moves
I'm going to have to get down with tweet language!
Link me plz.
RT Holy sht...just found out Jadakiss has a new mixtape out with DJ doctorma!!!
Great week meeting in San Francisco; heard lots of Love the interaction the touchscreen Comment Board generates comments!
Curious about the designer behind the graphic identity and card templates for ?
Check out the fantastic work of
I will never watch CelebApprentice !
Your a coward who kills animals.
As a former boxer I wish you would pick on me!
Oops!!
Sorry about that!!
typical bandwagon fan sleeping through the sabres game
The Miami Marlins have suspended Manager Ozzie Guillen for five games, effective immediately.
How is it that my lists have lists?
That I was an assistant with an assistant.
And that most of my stories...
have stories.
South Korea overturns ban on Twitter use for election campaigns
'' no disrespect but mami that's correct cause , whats in them jeans just got my mind hectic ''
No stream tonight...
Keep the team in prayer!!!
what kind of scripting would you like to see?
WHAT MAKES YOU BOOOTTIIFULL.
come over
you should be proud of yourself:  i know its like a doctorm  we when i comes true we did it together: im gonna tweet them:
At 3:30 Creme had Pup 1 A all white male WOW !!!
Another Spot
Congrats to the Clippers.
David Stern says you're welcome.
I broke the proposal rule that we discussed...
:/
Hey you need a spam filter !!!!
No worries!
My pleasure!
i wish there was a way i could listen to two songs at once and have it sound good
de nada thanks x your poetry
Courage is admitting that you're afraid and facing that fear directly.
Can't wait to see you in PDX.
Thanks for visiting!
Everyone go follow NOW !
I love her sexy ass 3
BieberFact justin said in a magazine, that sometimes the only time he has to tweet, is when he is in the toilet.
LOL!!!!!!
oh justin...
:
Great technology making life simpler...as it should be.
yes!
And I love it!
well are u going to the baby shower?
Not to interrupt, but I always assumed she was an orphan.
Either that or her parents worked a lot.
What do you do when you think you can be an icon?
Crows feet AND acne, seriously?
Where's the justice in THAT??
Just saw the GoogleChrome commercial promoting Googledoctorve.
Good work team.
ill get the bitch so fast she wont even know whats comin.
I'll not go to sleep until you follow  tweet me something!: I love you both so much!14
So crazy!
RT : Yeait's pretty bad outside..the record prior to this week was 6,000!
So a random number texts my friend and he turns out to be an Everett Silvertip.
Seriously an already week offense and OBP just got worse.
1 size fit all when relating 2 God?
Frequency: Discovering Your Unique Connection to God 1st to email gets copy
OMG LOOK AT GRIFFIN!!!
Anyone doctorving around Atlanta today please wear a helmet
Thanks for helping with the Knight News Challenge.
Seeing your name as one of the reviewers was a thrill in and of itself.
Another great weekend  BGTravel has come to an end!
See you next year.
My vegan lunch was both unintended and delicious.
It's raining and I have no one to cuddle with
Celebrity sightings are so much better when you have seen them naked.
Have you tried Nutella?
Thoughts?
getting ready to Connect tonight with Dinner  5:45  Study  6:30!
See you then!
RETWEET if you just want a promo
Oh my gosh Im so hungry!
Regressive element in this country is running wild.
Just saw a tweet about the 1920s and Coolidge.
Seriously.
Gah.
I've been hacked.
My hacker actually posted about the same time I did.
If you got anything from me today, doublecheck before clicking!
Christ; every homeless person on the side of the highway.
also, pleased by serendipity: ruby workshop is at original site of
Can someone start a clothing line for athletic women Larger sleeves  smaller torsos?
Tired of my arms not fitting in flattering clothing.
yea u right!
Being pissed on don't feel gud nd will piss u off eventually
all day long brother all day long peace to you to and The Most High
Maria Casey, 24yearold with Vodaphone Ireland, at InternetSociety INET describing world of the mobile, wired youth.
Be there virtually
Is working right at this second?
Want to get in my pants?
Try opening the effing door.
Word.
...I'll ask our military archivist if he's aware of any.
I'll tweet you with a yes/no/citation.
Just put lots of pics on here :
shut up Babb.
He's just fine where he is.
Call me!
oh yeah she let yall out late today
How does an ablum become leaked so early?
Last day of Spanish!
will b sending its' Happiair Truck all around the country this spring!
lol the Knicks would smash the Pacers?
Really?
The Pacers just beat the Knicks a week ago
I'm not sure yet..
currently it's a stealth startup buzz factory
Thanks Memphis for an awesome and memorable series.
Thanks for the mention
even tho ur sitting by me don't forget to follow me back biiiaaaaaaa
I worked at Turner Broadcasting and a digital ad agency.
If you can learn to analyze social media metrics, they would love that.
Go packers!
RT!!
Yo people is playing at The Ottobar on Tuesday Oct 18 then you can go to EDMSWAG Tuesdays at Mobys with
WIN a FREE Ecopy of PRETTY AMY runs til 5pm PST!
To enter tweet Excited for PrettyAmy digital release 5/15
After seeing the Avengers last night, I'm in an EXTREMELY care free mood.
That was an awesome movie and it didn't disappoint.
HULK, Smash!
bette davis eyes 3
r u kiddin me
.
Obvious but hadn't seen framed: if NF  BF are top 2, Krvaric Co are shut out of general,  can't really endorse NF.
G.O.O.D.
Friday today?
ok ups i alredy follow u
it was there before, here it is:
it is a precursor to mine.
All senior citizens should get life alert.
Need to figure out how to upgrade your company training?
Let us show you how.
Schedule a free consultation.
ugh thank god, cant wait!
It's to sunny in my city Portland y'all.
This ain't supposed to be Cali, where's the rain at?
o yeah that's a good possibility....u in town?
I find it quite weird when trying 2 get Boingo wifi  airport that Macys isn't an option.
R we not loyal customers?
I haven't slept in this late in like 5 years
lol of course.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!
I LOVE YOU
Yep, we'll be there!
Haha!
I'm glad you guys enjoyed it:
I've become a recluse...no one has seen me for two weeks
yeah...hey I'm at the high school
Thanks for participating!
See you next week?
Jesus taught that Elijah would return again the third time.
Perhaps the greatly revered Lubavitcher Rebbe represented Elijah
Had fun even though a nigga missed the avengers
omg your well lucky i wish i could go but i live in England xx
You have a great nose!
Me: thank you.
home sweet home :D.
Special Happy Birthday wishes to I hope you have a great day with and gigem or whatever you say.
RT follow back please
Ed can go back to the UK now
Followers in Milwaukee w/ the Wiz patch 
All about the grammys
Could you please tell hubby can we get a Bad Boys 3!!!!
actually, we just started serving ribs at lunch today!
:
let the swimmingdoctornkingeatingtanning BEGIN!!
I love throbbing headaches.
I'm Emotionally Moved by the preview of We Stand ft Get ready It's time WESTAND against Hate/Bullying/Abuse
n i seem to B the one of em'
I hate him I love him...He gets on my last nerve but I'll be damned if I let ANY female even tempt to break our bond!:
My man killed it last night and played Calling !!!
Chicago went nuts for some
Sometimes dance is the only thing that makes sense to me....
FreeLance Pallbearers in typescript is much more violent than the published version.
totalassaultontheculture!
professorssors and Doctors and Artists...Oh My!!!
Do you still have our PJAS Bars from regionals?
Best said you do.
Thanks!
GOOD FRIDAY ACTIVITY 1: Pontius Pilates.
It's where you do pilates, then wash your hands.
Bubble bubble bubble, bubbles n da sea.
This is the place 4 u  4 me.
Singing on da bottom of da ocean floor.
On our way frm da sandy shore
that cinnamon toast crunch?!?
That stuff keeps me comin back
Two of the whisteblowers against UCAN are being interviewed by now.
Stay tuned for live tweets.
haha I can't decide if it's real or a parody
...
I don't have any pictures of ducks from you.
Harrumph!
Act as if what you do makes a difference.
It does.
unexceptable??
Learn grammar: Had some great opportunities lastnight.
Have to make them count.
Unexceptable from the Line!
..
or my dog!
Haha
:O u suck mb
wow.
lebron showed up in the 4th quarter for once!
bitch I know we look good
How badass of you!!!
let me know when I can start inspiring
are you guys live or is that taped?
Really dig the show btw.
so did your phone make a full recovery or did you end up finding a replacement?
one key feature of hireworx  make it easier to fill out forms and new professorle info by auto filling with social data
thanks for the follow Just watched a preview of Angry Boys, hilarious...
kid's wearing 1 ski boot.
Yeah new iPad!
always looking for new ways to get and keep kids moving Happy Fathers Day !!!
So tonight I discovered that my belly button ring was put in upside down...
And I have to wait till june to take it out.
ohh,lmao.
well I don't really know about her, tell me what she did?
Gatorade and sun flower seeds don't mix
Meanwhile, in L.A.'s Chinatown...tinyurl.com/88c8gnf
Limitations do not exist.
to many really nightmare on elm street chopper,teeth, mainly horror x
Ugh, I love doctorke so much.
His music is so amazing.333
oh ok; WeMissAustin!
LOVIN MY LIFE NO MATTER WHO HATES ME N WHO DONT!!!!!
Lol sunk does
Just forget the past, and simply be mine.
There is an inherent need for accountability to support health goals
RIP the guy who's sold the iPhones that made the iPhones past away a couple hours ago of cancer rest in peace
What are your professorssional goals for 2012 and how can we help?
Whoa sounds interesting.
Who is this asianjess you speak of?
Kappy Lynch!
Chaucer and the Arthurian Legends are useful in my daily life.
Seriously.
hell yeah
RT : happy birthday girl!
have a great one!thanks fleche!
Who wants to play some Battlefield3 ?
Xbox of course!
Friend me if im not online, itd be cool to get a squad goin.
NEO NINJA94
This is one of those moments where I wish I could block something off the internet timtebow ???
At the Badger basketball game for my 28th birthday!
GO RED!
If plays bush sixteen stone, I'm there
Just downloaded the new Mac OS..its very cool..you can now download apps to your mac just like on the iPhone
Seriously couldn't have said it better myself
Im happy wit jus me and my youngin
Highlight reel play by Chris Nelson at 3rd.
Throws out Ellis, might have saved a run.
Still feeling yucky with this horrible cold  hoping for a quick recovery with a busy week ahead 
pear?
Nice call.
I'll try it and let u know.
Thx!
My brother can talk for days  Lol
Well said!
RT : There is nothing unfeminine about being powerful.
Women have to get over it and be successful.
John gallo walking around with a pitcher of beer right now
Obama just won my vote.
And my tears.
About time.
Dear DC friends: I've had a good week here.
Could get doctorssed up, but have nowhere to go.
Want to go out tonight?
RT : What happens if Voter ID amendment passes, but mnleg enabling legislation next session is vetoed?
A MESS!
did you opt for catalog forwarding?
I didn't, but I was tempted!
Listening to Nigerian Ministry of Agriculture, who hopes the gene revolution will not bypass Africa like the green one did.
It only gets worse with age.
: This gettingtiredearly thing is weird.
What high school are you going to?
Library Trivia tomorrow night!
Is your team arranging a final practice session today?
Thanks for the follow
OH GOD STOP WITH THE YOLO SWEET JESUS
awl the lil baybehs, sang uhround the weerld
I could eat an entire wedge of Brie cheese in one sitting.
GREEN BEANS
I'm walking on sunshine woaaaaah
THANK YOU
Lol a lot of obvious sub tweeting on my TL 
does anyone know how to make tweetdeck show multiple columns of mentions?
I can only get it to show one column of mentions.
come quit retweeting people and say something dumb
I am still cautiously optimistic.
I hope we still care this much in Aug/Sept!
GIVE THE GIFT OF HEALTH FOR THE HOLS!
Healthy eating/weight loss coaching.
Naked Health gift certificates 877.653.4584
follow back plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Should I wear a sweater....?
Lol when I say I JUST bought a cupcake shaped fondant cutter so thats doable.
Didn't get off work until 7 this morning, I made hella money last night.
they did?
thank God!
QT : Found that damn highway killer!
You'd never find Chris Lee on
Just remember, someone loves everything you hate about yourself.
that's just me .
RT2WIN Contest coming up in 15 mins!
Stay tuned....
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow????????
Sounds like a great idea :
Love hearing about the new fire, EMT, police training center
A Disappearing Town In The Shadow Of Big Coal
I'm still under Facebook suspension/probation apparently.
tweet tweet
I found one good thing about this weather.
I can leave the groceries I picked up at lunch, in the car.
i got braces thursday and they hurt really bad.......i have 2 sores on my cheeks......owowwowowowowowowowo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Plz ignore someone is talking about you direct msg account was temporarily hacked.
Lesson learned, all must be careful.
Sincere apologies
I'm gettin  at my day job ..while u day doctoram
Goodnight, world.

happy birthday to her.
It would literally make her flip out and cry but in a good way.
So please I beg you say
I despise school
miss you bestie sorry i havent talked to u for a while you know i told you i had alot of homwork so ill get on tommorow :D
Don't taze me, bro, don't taze me!
lol u kno I keep bad bitches beside me
Not a fan of the cold, but I can't deny the beauty of the snow when it sparkles like diamonds.
God knows how to paint a beautiful picture!
I found my Garmin HRM to be way off from my Polar one.
In HR and calories burned.
Not sure why
I really miss my family.
Excited to be going to the brewery tour this after noon w/
Poetry might be defined as the clear expression of mixed feelings.
Oh yeah.
In all his glory.
Feel free to come up any time to see this beauty in person.
:
I am not sure what cable station it is on, but I just watched Daryl's House with Fitz  the Tantrums on my big TV...awesome!
Money Grabber!
Tonight school fundoctoriser for the New Orleans Tour!
Two Shows at 6:30 and 8 pm!
Hope to see you there!!
SNOW !
I smell snow plow 
I'm guessing the Indianapolis child prostitution/human trafficking means Like a Virgin got nixed...?
Who will we be seeing April 21st for our Red Solo Cup Party?
; Time to get those plans locked down on your calendar!
Still can't believe Chelsea will be in the final and not Barcelona.
So much for beautiful game.
May the force be with you.
true words from on a beach house photo: that picture makes me feel like they're feeling a lot.
ff this guy I would try to guess the word but i would never get it right.lmao.
Im bout to stop sparing these niggas feelings  let him have it.
Kyia1997 bout to surface for real!
West Nile Activity Up In Santa Clarita, San Fernando Valleys.
Who just told me to text them?
bbqcookoffs definitely make for some good times.
My daughter is pretending she can't remember what time to pick me up from the airport on Sunday!
I hope she's pretending!
trapahpedia 2 cover comin at the top of the hour
OH.MY.GOD.
I will We've been talking about this photo shoot for years now lol
People see a homeless man on the street, with a hungry sign they feel indifferent.
People see a homeless man with a cat, that poor cat.
A Trio will be open today from 11a  7p.
Bring in all your holiday jewelry for sizing, cleaning, polishing and repairs!
Happy twitterversary to you my love!
xoxo
What's your favorite tv show theme song!
Red Alert!
Great red for every skin tone is Cruella from Nars cosm.
happpyyyy mothers dayty to u to boo !
RT : Just discovered three wrong ways to eat a Reese's and two of them involved a Kardashian.
Celebrating mothers day tonight.
On the way into NYC for a family dinner.
Thanks for the RT!
It was a great night to talk about returning this country to prosperity.
always try to love life no matter wat circumstances u face try 2 buckle up as hard as u could try 2 learn from that experience nd move on
Will be joining teamiPhone in 2 days!!!
If I dont follow you on Twitter, or friends wit you on Facebook, what does that mean.
We aint cool!
that was interesting :
8/18/2010 Marketing Data RoundUp: Social media still not a fulltime job at most firms MarketingVOX
I miss you, too.
We need a girls' night very soon.
catchup time
Melisia  that's beautiful!
I thought about going outside and doing something today but my WiFi really doesn't reach very far
finishing the last of my 25 NCA reviews!
I've had to pace myself with so many to look at.
Happy Easter, everyone!
Certainly home.
Thanks for this!
Its gone get real ugly
So sick of seeing guys in full makeup.
Whatever happened to rugged goodlooks?
I know Im a fag but I still like a manly guy for fucks sake!
Done with Muay Thai Training, Car wash.
grab some lunch from Chic Fila...time to relax my body for an hour and nap.
should like come back to seattle very soon!!
we love you!
RT: damn I got a guestlist wit 600 ppl on it this is some funny sht...
Get on the LinxList!
NBA Capsules: Grizzlies end Heat39;s home winning streak at 17 games
This time of night ...
you still around silver spring?
Either of you?
touch terminology is not standardized between different devices.
May need a touch gesture reference guide
I just found out that 120 million dollars funds the war in Afghanistan FOR 14 HOURS.
Holy crap!
Yeah, I think it does make success, um, sweeter!
People who ride bikes at night without lights are dumbasses!!
Get a light and stay alive.
when can we chat?
Need to talk to you about whats coming up thanks Ryan
: doing good, writing and enjoying a sunny Saturday.
Love the weekend.
Glad I didn't go see Avengers when I was planning to.
Completely forgot I never even say the captainin America movie
I get 2 school thinking im a hour late  aint nobody here
RT : Tonight I'm going to a fundoctoriser for Help Portrait, a program which my friend is involved with.
Don't worry, Perry's pretty tan.
more like pjs and movie in my bed and ordering food night...
wishes American candy companies would keep their cotton pickin hands off Cadbury.
British chocolate kicks dupa on its own.
Dan, are you building Skynet?
My dank taste like Leinenkugel..
Thank you for teaching me how to spell it..
lol okay i'm done for a lil while please enjoy these tweets from my sponsors until I'm back from commercial break
Just put a dip in your hip, got daytons on the mothership!!!
Gotta love some funk!!!!
I'm gona miss u so much to :' but I hope u da best and I hope to see u on tuesdayxxx I luv u so much x 3
I just typed, Happy Friday.
Then realized it's only Wednesday.
Wah waaah.
I kno that's right!
please follow her she is ur biggest fan and needs u if u follow her it wuld be the best birthday 3
On Monday, we're talking franchise.
If you've ever thought of starting a franchise business, tune in!
Oh no, hope it's a quick recovery sort of thing!
Shut up you just got here lol!:P
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!!
26hours !!!!
: 30
so sorry this happened to you  stay positive  concentrate on your recovery  we'll miss you!
I won't pick and choose, ill take all of you..
ill take everything, ill take everything...
Laying in bed with Tara obsessing over Timeflies Tuesday.
I can't say that I blame him.
The difference between a propane tank and a rainbow?
One's a propane tank
I love my girlfriend so much I can't put it into words she's the best girlfriend ever
you should be watching royals baseball :
Surely they're not writing about you Jeff.
Nuggets Lawson Love this team and we're good at every position.
I want to be here long term.
Always keep your iPhone in a CASE!
You'll save money!
Mahalo Lorrie!!!
It means so much when it comes from you!
I am honored!
Innovate, Demonstrate, Amplify 
Im gonna walk this week....
I cant depend on you anymore
I'm only halfway done with the 1st Hunger Games book, and I'm already sad it is going to end!
Keep me in the loop Scott!
Work closely with  our Seattle Prize initiatives as well as
damn rip MCA...
not gonna be the same now.
pretty hard to top those guys
OccupyWallSt leads demand 4 econ.
soc.
change.
What currency r u living by?
inspires 2 create ur own!
Bring her to speak!
Back when we could download at school all day and nobody told us it was illegal.
Let me get that last workout in before the weekend !
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something.
But I can't accept not trying.
Any reason I should be having trouble adding an item to my shopping cart?
Well, if Martha is using it...why shouldn't I?
I still hate the class, but not the teacher.
I'll probably never forget what she said.
For all those wondering, is alive and he is well.
Great to see O cara in the flesh.
Then later on, on the doctorve home I called her mom from a pay phone I said I was the cops And your husbands in jail This state looks Down
To imagine is everything, to know is nothing at all
the biggest joke of the year..congress taking on pro football bounty or thinking they could police the internet
Overhead at Dulles airport.
I don't like doctorw Barrymore though, but I like Ellen Paige
Ill get back to softly despising humanity, but for now I'm eating chicken and Brussels sprouts simmered all day in a handmedown crockpot.
You think so?
RT : The best time for planning a book is while you're doing the dishes.
Agatha Christie
sad, let's go Giants!
My Bears r out, so I am cheering for the NY!
Don't you hate when you go to run a red light, and the guy in front of you doesn't?
Please follow the many wonderful achievements of our students and see the changes that our young men experience in this unique high school.
haha I always catch myself just staring at them
Thank you for the FF, have a great weekend!
Hola.!
How are you?
Thanks for the love.
back at you.
You fought the law, but the law won...bitch!
Join our movement and demand political reform.
The people revolution for change is a grass roots internet spawned attempt to force change.
Have you been reading Plato or are these your own deep musings?
Can this day go any slower?
if it's only 3 guys, happy to gift them.
Let us know!
We'd love to get footage and photos and stuff in return.
Tis all
Boring as fuck!
:/
which is?
On our way to the
Should I get a new Twitter Photo??
Send me message if yes!
did anyone notice that miley messed up her lyrics at teen choice?
Fowler is playing well!
Thats you man!!
Have a great game against Missouri.
RT : u da man!
It's unwise to build your life upon material possessions because the pleasure they bring are short lived
Wow there are a lot of lame people with a lot of lame questions on twitter
Thanks for following.
wash my hair in the shower for me so i know it's real ;
u got da power to let power go
When people spam Austin.
.
Could you text back any slower ..
Preparing talk for professor Valerie Miner's class Women and the Creative Imagination tomorrow at First time back since graduation!
As a member of the 1994 Chargers that just got dominated by the Niners in the Super Bowl.
Ron Ron : I thought we did OK.
i love how beckys inside voice is british
Congrats to FLAT IRON for taking home the CHILI CUP!
Great time last night!
Thanks to all who participated!
Life is like riding a bicycle.
To keep your balance you must keep moving
Sadowsky, yeah!
: I love jazz basses but I need better neck stability  versatility
I can respect that comment
New post up.
Check it.
www.ihearttheatre.blogspot.com
Me too...if only they would come to Austin RT : I could live off of bean  rice burritos for real.
FOR REAL.
why are our lives so crazy busy right now?
Missing you so so much.
Xo
the guy at work today asked if i was watching the nfl doctorft.
it took all i had not to laugh in his face.
Ate meaningless food today and wish I could take it back.
Welcome to the Beer Garden.
WHAT?
Are you okay?
Why hasn't the emergence of the EPL over the past decade as the world's top league lifted quality of play of England's National Team?
How do block on here
and I don't doctorp the word stickler for nothing, homie
Good Night Twitter!!!!!!!!Thank you God for blessing me!!!!!!!And good night!!!!
RT : Love scares me.
Every time I think I've found it, it leaves me.
makes you wonder if there is any concept of an editor for the stuff they publish on the web.
I don't know if there is.
I am secretary.
:p I'll be president soon tho :
catch all the live action tonight!
pro and college Football Sam Adams specials and 3 tacos for 5.00 see you soon!
I don't blame you.
I check my Klout just because I think the topics are hilarious.
People who take it seriously doctorve me nuts!
Thank you for reading the interview!
I think he's gonna have another year like 2010!
are you hiring?
Oh..and those don't include anything off nike id...only general releases lol.
Nike id doesn't count.
I love adulterating my morning beverage, sounds so dirty!
: Breaking News: CoCivilUnions fails 5 to 4  DAMMIT!
So infuriating on so many levels for equality.
Shame on you!
Nobody said you have to like me ;
And weeps once more
Sounds like a safari.
rt Zoo: you can carry gun on grounds of zoo but not in building.
Music Fest I look like a roasted red bell pepper.
oh dear...attack of the freckles.
I've got enough to share!
Getting ready to tackle the clutter in my closet.
Ok scratch my earlier tweet.
It's going to be one of 3: Katrina, Jamar, or Jermaine
why YES, I am following you...
Exactly.
If people would stop getting involved in the affairs of a VERY SMALL portion of fans we'd have no problem!
iusedtothink i wanted to be single forever.
why is this changing now?
you could make even more friends if you linked your checkins to cc:
serious question at what age do babies get their rabies shots
if the new gloves translate to us winning games and going back to the playoffs, they're beautiful, if not I couldn't care less
Actually it is...my hands may be guilty of somethings but my mouth and cooch isn't.
You on the other hand....God lost count a long time ago.
Take the white pill you'll feel alright..
Imagine going back in time  but before you do, you look up who you'll marry!
One of my characters does just that.
I officially am falling in love with Twitter lol.
I'm finding out about so many new things at once it's almost an overload.
:
thankyou !:.
I Cant wait see you And guys first show!
3
Thanks!
I like the knowledge base idea.
We want to write case studies generically; we don't know how real sites were done.
I know...it's just all this is happening right now.
trying to take advantage of it.
But I hear you 3
: Hens can selectively eject the sperm of undesired mates, often that of lower status males.
Kinda like the TL?
you're welcome:
Youre not supposed to look back, youre supposed to keep going.
look i actually read a tweet.
that's pretty amazing!
I bet Tim is a cute teacher;
Getting ppl to undertake socialmedia regularly is like getting them to exercise
RT : Practice loving everything and everybody all the time, but only hang in places and with people who lift u up.
Monthly sales meeting started 2 hrs ago.
I just woke up.
Trying to come up with excuses for being 2 hrs tardy.
None are coming to mind.
not if peprah doesn't use his arms to tackle'
lebron has this look in his eye like i dont want none david west.
Yeah.
It's a fine momentary expression.
: I just misread it.
Yes, it's true.
The world is ending this year.
Want Proof?
Kenny Rodgers performing at after playing Hell has frozen over!
breakfast  home on laptop
GOT NEW ACCOUNT : Its a shame when fame gets to some people's head.
nicki
Aw I thought he was serious.
It should be!
Why is everyone I know from Tappahannock, VA lightskinned?
Does Tapahannock have ANY Brown or Dark Skinned people?
kisses your cheek
This is so awesome
Its time to think about your telecom charges and renewals for 2012..
Lets make it easy for you.
Call us on: 0844 880 2010
RT : Q2 A: Make time for people  at minimum with a response.
Communication strengthens any community.
We kill them.
We go anywhere and kill them.
No matter where they are.
Or who they are with.
Or who is in the general vicinity.
horrible nights.
People seem to like having subject specific journals to read.
However they do also seem to like multidisciplinary databases.
whichway t'day
It helps when they hit you in the face  Neil Little
Applying at Petco.
dude spilling bottles he's done
The girls behind who won't stop complaining 
I can do a ponytail now, so...
What can you do that took time and patience but no effort?
Lexington plays South Aiken there on Saturday in game 1 of march to Lower State Championship.
goWildcats!
thank you, grace!:
Black Wednesday....Hope you're all being safe tonight
I just want Summer to be here already.
I dont want to care about anything!
I just wanna have fun :
True!
Kinda bummed I am going to miss it for the networking event, but you have to give back to the community.
:
Bathe in ignorance: follow 's retweets of morons misunderstanding Wikipedia's blackout in protest of SOPA.
If a dental trauma occurs, the best advice is to remain cool, calm and collected.
Read and learn the following steps now....
RT : Rest in peace, Junior Seau.
Our hearts are with his kids  family, his friends,  his fans.
An incredibly sad day here in...
I second that!
Go knicks!
flea market montgomery hahaha those pics were awesome :
So when is Saturday tasting hour?
;
Yep, it's 7.99 a month for me as part of comcasts sport package.
All extra sports are included like Speed, etc.
Corbin, Ky ...
Where it all began!
Laff ass my pussy off!
oh ok....I know u goin through..ur pootters are gone 4 a min
RT : On my way back to ABQ from Las Cruces.
Had a great weekend.
Playing a show at Vernon's Black Diamond Lounge  6:30 Thurs!
Look forward to seeing Sister Bear this weekend!
They were great at the Grammys so I can only imagine how great they were at Lollapalooza!
Are you ready for some fried turkey?
yea you right but then when you do some people always got to fuck it up again....
Twitter say...monster Jam is the shiiiiiiiit!
RT : We shld be looking at stu work rather than tests alone...
portfolios better representation.
TRUE HAPPINESS MAY BE SOUGHT,THOUGHT,OR CAUGHTBUT NEVER BOUGHT.bit.ly/02kxhp
: Ms.
Caroline an Roz jacked a few people's offices, so it all worked out.
Good turn out tonight!
oh goodness.
Does she think Jesus is white, too?
I have a subscription and I'm even further behind than that.
Friday bumping TIP
ThingsIDislike Guys who have great hair...but a ugly face.:/
Kate  don't waste your time.
She has like 10 followers.
Onward!
Ok, ?
2.
Is this going to be an issue putting Perry at OLB?
Is he to big?
Hasn't he said he wants to be a D end?
Great.
RT Most people will never understand a Capricorn's witty sarcastic humor.
Oh now i fell dum haha
Wish I was !
Do u do hay nets
3 am is a great hour...
I still have hours to go before I surrender to sleep!
Happy new year Road unit!
teaching my son to doctorve...can't believe he is so grown up.
Time flies.
6mile run,gorgeous day outside, awesome day with my hubby, AmazingRace and MadMen premiere tonight!
An Angels Nohitter !
Cue the Pujols jokes...
When boys are your best friend before they are your boyfriend.
that's not good
iight bet yall let me kno whats up...
n i do the joints.n tell yall to come to the spot
mystyle Q A: Wicked Fit 's Monica Pietrzak Wicked Fit marketing guru Monica Pietrzak chatted with mystyle about working with friend and
I wanted my special invite...haha
did you see?
ALFREDO TWEETED ME :D
oh ok cool...jus thought to speak :
OMG.
Don't even get me started on that.
I feel like a horrible mother w/ all of the neglect.
Thank goodness for
Always remember bros before hoes....gardening is fun but its not worth losing a friend over.
The links are up at www.watchnhllive.com go and register and get full access to all the hockey games tonight and always, enjoy the games!
3RD BBALL COMMITS  SIGNS!!!!
Posted a brief in the forum!
It's my parents' 29th anniversary today.
I have hardly stayed committed to anything for even half that long.
Crazy!
We are now hiring doctorvers!
Are you in the MKE area?
Interested in delivering food from area restaurants to happy customers?
DM for info!
GOP won't allow up or down vote on bipartisan Senate bill RegularOrder?
we definitely will!
OMG a lo sigue OMG OMG OMG :'
bed so i dont pass out tomorrow night.
I gotta get up early and prep for a meeting, and rerecord this track.
no, acronyms are in the techie/scientist realm too.
Just don't call us wonks!
;
Ya me antojaste de un chifrijo!
TheThingIHateMost when I get one word text messages.
If this were last Sunday you'd be all set.
Yes!
We are ready!
A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
Lao Tzu
ain't got nothin up...
I'll hit you up
So, WHACK is IN?
Guess I missed the memo.....
it WAS intense.
took an hour long walk to burn it off, but i think a lot of good will come if it.
lmfao thank baby geeezusss that I AM DONE !!!!!!
:D miss you thoooo
I dont know who died.
Its a cliffhanger.
:/
If They Live Here We Gone Gang Them!
I was just asked to take my tweeting outside.
LMAO!
me 2 forever!!!
Just keep in mind you can save 3 lives with the pint you donate!
are you free on Tuesday night by chance?
I've got a proposal for you.
:
I think I just decided to not write a book.
Thanks for the follow!
Have a great weekend!
for the last 48 hours, I've been telling people things we learned from you about social media, constantly.
Thanks again!
:
I know you can't wait to see me
Thanks For Answerin All My Questions!
: Can iGet A Follow Back?
Need more followers, anyone fancy giving me a shoutout?
You are mine!
Ha!
What a change from a months ago.
Time flies after 30...
He said something about Swimming Trunks !
lol .
Happy Mothers Day to all you Mommys out there!!
Hope you all have a wonderful day3
Told these guys about putting pics of my ride on You Tube!!
Such a pretty girl gone to waste
Just waiting for that fucking call !
can you follow me please ?
lets make the Wakey Wakey Eggs and Bakey Pancake Breakfast happen.
You Are 50 years old and merried I SO WANT To Hang OUT WITH YOU .
I am obsessed with
On My Way To Work.
Ion think I'm gonna make tht game.
: What I've learned is not to change who you are, because eventually you're going to run out of new things to become.
i got so00000000 mad right now that hell seems like a more suitable place to be right now
hope I didn't have anything to do with u being sick.
:
You meant no offense with your doctornken baleydikung?/Delmon Young
We need 20,000 in 20 minutes to hit the million dollar mark!
giveBIG San Diego!
Oh hey, bdubs with and emilyy!
Plus like a thousand other people buuutttt....
Say it 2 x's.
RT : Girls love it when u tease em wit the head ;
cool website
Feel bad for all you suckas that still gotta wake up early for school .
Mwahahaha !
FuckSchool MaineEastIsAJoke SoIsEveryoneInIt :
Are you here at AIMS in St Michaels?
cookie crisp
Follow me!
I'll follow u back, I promise!!!
You can either make Money or you can make Excuses.
Pick ONE!
:
the write up is done...sorry it took so long.
Let me know if you need to edit.
In order for you to insult me, I would first have to value your opinion.
Who Designs Clothes in Pittsburgh?
Follow me
its official don't worry!!!
They got their Shelly birthday loving!
.
I was a huge fan already, but totally blown away by your twist interview with sick, sick wisdom.
Does anyone on here have a quizilla??
I want some more friends on there!!
Please!
nigga r u  work?
Hey Welcome to Alliclass!
Breakfast Club is great when you're the designated doctorver...
friends buy you breakfast!
Another virgin bloody mary, please!
perhaps a Chinese fire doctorll?
Quick!
Everybody switch seats!
alexandoctorberttweettweet follow me follow me tweet tweet 8D 8D
vinny i love you !!!!
weekend is here!!
happy hour til 7pm music at 9 with jason cartmell band UFC tomorrow night!!!!
lovin the new shop stats option on !
Great way to track customer interest so you can give them what they want!
I WISH WOULD FOLLOW ME BUT I DOUT IT THIS WILL NEVER GET READ :'
is working a little late tonight at the capitol.
Just a stupid joke.
Rush was wrong for calling her a slut.
No doubt.
stfd it's horrible
Brothers from and AlphaPhi supporting at
Always provide fresh water.
Leave the water out so that your pet may doctornk whenever he or she likes.
your welcome :
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here's my number so call me maybe!
relationship's are like books no point in reading it when you know how 's it's goin to end.
I want me a new book lol
when i can't hang out with because i have to go to the gym  :
me too for some reason  and it's going to be a long flight to croatia!
yay for antianxiety pills.
can you go tell me how you feel about the new prices...
oomf seems pretty chill ;

are in the building ClubEve!
Wow seven Mets pitchers have thrown nohitters.
That's impressive.
Too bad none of them did it while on the Mets.
THANX TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS!!!!!!
I'M NOW FOLLOWING U ALL BACK!!!!!!
High school math will be the death of me algebra sucks for parents too
watching Miss March hahaha rly funny
Making good decisions is a crucial skill at every level.
Peter doctorcker
that was definitely better than anything in the NOES remake!!
Doing sports PR for over 10 years.
5 1/2 at FleetCenter/Garden/Bruins and now for a firm w/Breeders Cup, Sox  Pop Warner
Me n my granddad about 2 go down town...
can all of my mb followers follow rocROYAL14310 she really is MINDLESS
Looks like fun to play with.
Thanks.
I'll be back with more time at some time.
That is going to be hard when Adam has
Love your show.
was that the real Roy or clone?!
L is for the way you look at me!!
O is for the only one i see!
E!
is very very EXTRAordinary..idk the rest haha!
GREAT Photography show of 40 amazing photographers April 26 710pm opening Don't miss
Great first day of class with higher ed doctoral students...prepared, engaged, curious, and sharp.
Looking forward to next 2 mos together...
Waving to new followers
Can You Make My Life And Can I Get A Hello Gorgeous?
Or I Love You Brianna.?3 NoticeMe :
We are accepting nominations for our 40 under 40 issue.
Email for the application.
maybe but if i were to talk to u then i could have beaten them wit 32 points or it could've been for u;
of course of course!
: 
Laker fans be the main ones talkin about how Westbrook sucks..
He's doggin the shit out of you..
AGAIN!
Ahh well I'll be sure to say hi every time for now on!
Some third graders just thought 's was an Easy Bake Oven and the sculpture on display were white chocolate.
when you tryna ball out?
Woodmark Hotel at Carillon Point has new restaurant with nice new menu.
We're tasting the luncheon menu Thursday.
Join us  b a taster
man I feel you.
They have you buying the entire spice aisle
You're welcome!
Thank you as well
I really wanna go back to california
Two jobs and five auditions this afternoon.
Stay away
wow that new rush song is really good!
Only 3 country artists made EW's '30 Greatest Artists of Right Now'  was one of them!!
bro whats your email i wanna collab w/you gotta hot track im sure you'll like!
In the 305MIA, great weekend to get away
and they love you because of these qualities not despite them.
Laboring to find Delivery Nurses?
Tell us what locale you want them out of, what hospitals and we'll get them for you!
Happy Wednesday twitters!!
Hope the week is going by quickly!
Thanks G, that wouldn't surprise me.
I'll tune in tomorrow for the update.
Wiops, there goes another mini Swiss Army knife.
Idk yet  ok
Aw Beauty and the Beast is on
student quote: if you fail in life just keep moving Learn2Fail at
Working out while listening to doctoramchasers 2 
I love NorthStar
Strange guy Colin Powell is.
doctorve himself out of the event in an old beat up red Ford car!
FUCK that I'm going back to sleep
Looks like my prom plans have changed....
ImaPrettyThuq
Sitting here watching last weeks smash again!!!
Get that weak stuff out of here !!!GoSpursGo!!!
Welcome to Twitter  the working home of friends and
Haha such an awesome movie!!!!
Cowboys From Hell is a beast of a record, why am I just now discovering it.
I just did.
All I'm going to say is that I like Ben...
as a quarterback.
seems like just yesterday OneTime came out.
time flys.
happy birthday justin33 :
HappyBday Katniss Our Girl On Fire :
hair service that transformed my hair was......
so true!
I hope I run into you.
So many people here at sxsw.
lol yup sure did, then when we got power the wind came and I had to sleep on a little coach because of a tree
..but i still love Live for compositionit is so quick and easy to create within, and has great effects.
where u at?
Im with a bunch of noobs.
finally packing for my trip home.
Tomorrow I go to my moms classroom, and sing Happy Birthday to her w/ her students.
Desert by 2300.
lol did you dance on the table?
Boomdocks is my jam!
Haha..
We were doing the Along came Polly where he was like Make it rain and throwing it real hard off of the backboard lol
When i'm getting doctorssed and a speed bump slows me down 
Guys it's 70 degrees...
HOODIE WEATHER!
Hahahaha
I know I can like a librarian when saying well everything is on the internet right?
makes them cackle.
i'm pretty sure a part of me died
Reading suddenly becomes very hard to do when it's required.
Wow i'm  105 followers!
ty all for following!
3
Woo Hoooo!!!!
790Fans!
When we get to 1,000 we're going to do a HUGE giveaway :D Stay tuned for details and share the love :X
the tears made it better somehow
hey man,how you?
you are hardcore!
We didnt know the marathon stakes would be this high!
RT : Shoutout to the groupies that will forever think they can have a celeb and gon die single trying...dumbass
ugh fml awkward
Hahaha, yeah.
Gotta go, Lexi's head is hurting again.
Another trip the hospital!
: Bye Jessica!
Nice talking to you!
My critical methods class is in the jankiest room ever...
it's like I'm back at Elgin High!
Good night to the thick ass sexy ass
Pumped for Pack vs GMen today !!!
Need Pack D to bring it and ARog an Company to do what they do !!!!
GO PACK GO !!!!!!
Facebook charges into 2011 with 500M Goldman Sachs and DST invest half a billion into the social networking site
CLIPPERS mantra DLFD don't let FRANCISCO down !!
Merry Christmas Eve everyone : 3
Haha, not quite yet...then again, we are a Twitter newbie, so we'll see.
Thanks for the follow!
Limited Edition Sugar Shack Sliders only 2 now till close.
Pick your meat, toppings, and sauce.
grown men arguing like little girls
sent you an email.
I'm your Huckleberry.
Just heard broke the 1M threshold and still counting with hours left in the day!
Seattle you are a city of heroes!
At the library trying to study but can't get I'm real chorus by J.Lo outta my head.
Kinda annoying.
daydoctornking immediately after midterm
Tip 1: is the issue really an issue?
Do your research see if legislation has passed in other areas, document the issue, have all references
Seeing exes is the best.
Cue that Gotye song.
You might not know it.
Doesn't get played too much.
Ha.
Yeah, I've been liking it too.
A great way to catch up on the top stories from my network.
Already on it!
:
Complaints about red wings.
Copy paste.
Replace red wings with tigers.
Complaints about tigers.
wow seems like u had a bad day
Come to Boston soon please ;
respectfully disagree with your contention extra force is automatically required.
motivation  you're failing me now.
you need to turn it around before the weekend
its 530 am do you know where your childoctorn are?
lmaoooo it is, why are u there?
I went to hs there loll
Probably in my alltime top 5 favorites.
Wake up!
No seriously Wake Up!
NO ONE can do it FOR you....however, we WILL do it WITH you!
got your book ordered up at the library :
The shoot went well
do you know if any of the other bulldog locations have HopSlam on tap??
give me a date  time fam
People who get in the 10 items or less line that have over 10 items piss me off.
Learn how to count you degenerate!
Great job!
: can I use a lifeline?
Can I be the lifeline ?
remember when you accidentally tweeted upstream instead of UStream now my friend won't stop texting me that...
lol.
I didn't know such a marvelous thing existed.
All of my language pet peeves in one spot!
The game has also been replaced with a DVD of video reviews for it.
why?
that's not my prom,I went to junior prom with my friend Shannon,my avi pic is me with my friend Bob from junior prom
That's what we like to hear
smh you don't want that problem bro Lakers are done I hope you know
And, FWIW, I trust Google MUCH more relative to FB
scuba t is enroute
Got my wife the most awesome type specimen book from 1923 sale!
She will love it!
best tweet name ever.
Life is fleeting : what a terrible way to end a wonderful week...
harsh news about untimely death on the west side family
My throat is killing me!
Which right would you choose?
The right to work hard and earn more money or the right to earn more money to pay higher taxes?
You guys are amazingly talented and I'm going to support you guys and vote!3
I know!
I can't wait for summer!
:
Especially when the guy that you like barely gives you time of day...
51 minutes of OT.
guy digging on the side of the highway?
must be hiding a body.
I watch too much criminal minds.
Let us know when you are here we always welcome a new coffee head.
Feel free to ask for suggestions!
Today's message: A Viral Conspiracy Acts 9:12
Gotta maximize my craft
Omg in love with new icon3 A
The little changes u make in ur daily routine can make in big difference in how much better ufeel.Eat a healthy diet dont forget 2exercise!
At work.
Knicks on ABC.
Mets on the iPhone.
Great read!
Thanks for the shout out!
Good Morning Everyone!
Giving a gift should be a truly meaningful experience for the giver as well as the recipient.
It is our honor to help customers find the...
I love the way your pussy tastes baby; damn you're so fucking sweet.
I'm about to put a finger in; here taste how sweet you are!
;
yeah I've been pretty good too :
Left Eye and Aaliyah hologram will be at Club Gs Sunday night....hahahaha
Congrats to for being a part of my 100th tweet.
cool.
Busy when I get back but I'll check in and see what you're up to.
Right?
I try to listen every now and then, but it's not the same as the Gurumobile days.
I was gonna wear them tomorrow lol.
Its gonna be warm.
Time to take stock of postIrene house restoration tasks via
he is a legend
i will
Here's a fun fact: yu Darvish has as many home runs as Albert pujols this season
got my dogtags!
Thank you!
Still lookimg for that letter!
resume tips When you have one job for whole career you might consider a functional resume
Just starting up the blog and a site is in the works.
All things sports related but I'm heading up the fantasy section.
inside, admiring the 70 degrees outside.
Reading leads to witchcraft and lesbianism
Private Coaching Sessions w/Kirk Baltz: Available in person, phone and online www.actorsintensive.com Jump start your acting career today!
The moment of enlightenment is when a person's doctorams of possibilities become images of probabilities.
Vic Braden
Happy Easter, Tweetsters!
Thanks for retweeting that dude, miss you!
Can we at least getta IKEA in Nola I mean dayum!
Your amazing ..I watch the show for you !!
You'll see it eventually
now THAT would be good tv.
They R doing exactly wht Obama wnts done: destroy the US economy  capitalism w it.
Globalists  flat earth economy
I love friday day offs!
I can't with theese Akron QUEENNNSS GUUUUURRRL BOOM
Gloves are off.
Round 1 of Buffett Rule debate: McConnell calls it a gimmick, says Obama more interested in misleading than leading.
Who's going to the GPPCMA Retreat in Atlantic City?
See you there!
Done with work.
Time for some cold refreshing beer
aBook was really funny!
NP Beer for my horses.
You're such a creep ass
ElephilmsFam is at Northcoast!!
Where you all at?
Try to spot and
Its amazing how the presence or absence of one person can have an affect on your mood.
laker fans be getting so upset when u just being realistic about their team.
They think they winning a ring every yr lol
May the 4th!
Star Wars Day :
that's my job.
You can sleep when the sun go down.
Plus its a court right across the street 4rm yo house.
Get to work.
BABY is number 6 on iTunes!!!!
My 4 year old son has Tetralogy of Fallot.
I'm the weird person who goes thru my contact list so I can look at all the names and remember the memories.
Missing everyone back home!
Only 4 days left in Toronto
what is pottermore?
Congrats for their show at Gramercy Theater in NYC Friday!
Heard it was a great show!
Pumpkin spice tea after my PS coffee with a PS muffin and a PS candle burning.
In autumn, I have a problem
The secret of happiness is to count your blessings while others are adding up their troubles.
don't end up in the bed with chase again 
thanks again for the doctorve home ...
seeing as my designated doctorver was more doctornk than I was.
following back
Turn up!!
Duke goes down!!!
Early!
To a bunch of dope smoking ski enthusiasts who can't spell Duke.
Wonderful!!
Keep the faith and hold on to GODS unchanging hand my lovely people of AFRICA.
Poverty is a the new disease that never goes out of style!
like me:
Wow, what a GORGEOUS day it was!
outstanding Italian sub today!
My first visit won't be my last.
RT : Water Rate Protests received13,664, well below protest threshold; Council approves water rate increase 62
I have my personal one, this one for the Boyz  Vinny, and I have one for BTR cause I love them haha
please come back...one more year, we love you!
good luck, we closed the deal a couple weeks ago.
Wooh!
Finish exams :D
safe travels, have a good summer
love the background :
Thanks for following!
Auditionstudio.com
Rode 8.6 mi on route 'Home to work plus some', in 44 mins on my 2009 Gary Fisher bike.
Sure!
What colours and stuff?
Hanging Out at Jen's job: Channel 12 News in the Bronx.
News Team Assemble!!!!!
lol
impossible, UNC fans don't have any friends.
when im doinq qood in a relationship theres always that one person that trys to ruin it
RT : One of our lucky Green Mill followers will win a 10 Gift Card TODAY!
Just RT this message to enter.
Ready.
Set.
Go.
Tonight at Trapeze Ft Lauderdale: It's a Toga Party!!
And Join Sat for MILF Party w/ Pole Dance Contest!!
It feel too good outside
I really wish people would put how much longer to my birthday as there user names!
Who ever does I will give a shout out!
It is in 26 days
Tia Kari.
Honestly, she thinks I have liek 0 friends...but like I told you, I just don't like to go out over here..but it's
it's not Mexican anymore
Voter suppression in place in Virginia...voter registration  ID !!
Have to spread the word abt how to get proper ID!
I hope The Avengers movie doesn't suck
Ah, the 70s...when even hack reporters had real dedication to their jobs.
Friday trail running is always awesome
That sounds SO amazing!
talked a little about Memento Depot.
Dbpedia is our 2010 LDOW paper, Live Dbpedia is forthcoming DLib paper.
I never lie.
That's a lie.
oh fun!
Send me some of those craw dads!
M
it's annoying...but we are blessed to have daddy's who care : my dad is like that I have to go through him first
yo write on the twitter that we got the shipment in!
Wasn't the nba cracking down on flops?
Just like Boston fans, a bunch of fake cry babies
oh that shit called sleep paralysis
Thanks!
I'll have to come down to read and print that out.
White stuff is falling from the sky.
What could it be?
Looks like dandoctorff clouds are shedding.
man how i feel fuck friends who need them
One week until the Tony's!
Gotta rediscover my jazz hands.
Thanks for getting me over 400 followers!
You all rock!
Agreed.
My Christmas Tree is not lighted and never will be if I can help it.
Yep.
RT : Things in your past have made u who u are today.
stronger, smarter, and ready for the FUTURE!
Postdissertation, I want to do an edited volume on the Anthropology of Obsolescence/Decline.
Who's in?
One cool thing when writing a book is that when you are done with a character he can simply died :D
In da building w all up n Vip
Talking library related legislation at the COL/Leg Assembly joint meeting
This Is Just Crazy..!
Im Mad I..Punched A hole In My Wall,Screamed At My Cat, And Screamed At The Neighborhood :
Sometimes I keep my feelings to myself because it's hard for someone else to understand
Ima man of position ima man of influence
Be the best ever.
Happy Mother's Day!
you forgot 1 thing...
american football haha
I take it that you SUCK in English cuz it yes he WAS
So much love to today, an incredible man, mentor and friend.
Luv that our vehicle has wifi  iPhone chargers so we can tweet  stay connected while we travel.
i love your story 3
Okay  my cold is gone and I'm ready for Monday.
;
Damn my old ipod music is so good.
I hate when the bottom of my pants leg get wet from the rain eew!
Our policy is 24, but we'll do jobs as low as 12.
: Hiding in a shelf at Walmart and grabbing random people's ankles when they walk by...
dude Love doctorg is like one of my favorite songs!!!!
Can't wait to jam it the next two days likes a boss!!
Gossip's new album is taking me places right now.
Two hard boiled eggs and green tea w/ honey for breakfast.
No!
oh watch out.
Is it the one that's like mine?
Yes!
Betty White redeems the Superbowl ads.
Contact with a highminded woman is good for the life of any man  Henry Vincent
I'm really looking forward to finishing this Petit Courbu off tomorrow.
Will be interested to see what happens to it overnight
Did I hear that right?
Bryce Harper has JJ Hardy's Moby at bat song??
In defense of bullies, don't label them bullies, call them students who bully same with victims call them students that were bullied.
next I think I'll play come away by, yes, Anything Box  wonderful songs
You have to do things that average people dont understand, because those are the only good things.
Andy Warhol
Uptown hookah packed already!!
I need to save money!
my opinion is that the rates should be what ever the free market sets them at.
trying to find porschia on twitter!!!
this is legit.
I want to meet the maine!
Am reading a zombie version of The Gingerbread Man to them today, hoping that appeals and inspires.
....if I pick it up, I'll be there right on time.
if your going to right about hockey, can you contribute 4 features very 2 weeks?
NP Melanie Fiona : Been That Girl
it was great connecting with you as well.
It's always nice meeting people that want to help sharpen young professorssionals.
In the prime of his career, 20002007, Warren Sapp earned 43,612,490.
Yet today it is being reported that he filed for bankruptcy!!
Alternative School Again..
For Tha Rest Of The Year, I Hatee Hchs .
Ughh.
price you pay for being famous I guess lol
yea, the BRONX
right back at ya!
can't wait to see the gorgeousness you have been working on :!
can I get a followback please!
How about them Dolphins?
Can they run off 7 straight and sneak into the AFC east division title?
Stranger things have happened!
Gotcha..
its pretty funny!
until further notice, if i don't respond, it's bc i'm asleep.
if that seems unlikely, just go with it.
Just realized I've been quoting the movie View From Above for years: You put the wrong emphasis on the wrong syllable.
Glad to see is having a retweet party tonight.
I tried French this year, let me just say, it is not my forte!
LOL
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong.
Are you coming back to team up with Triple H as DX to win the tag team championship?
all of your fans hope so!!
If tweetcaster force close on me one more time.
It's going to be r.i.p.for it
John Baker on doctor erase markers  I didn't know they worked on paper.
Guess what?
They do!
cracked 6 eggs.
average weight  1.73 oz.
standard deviation  0.05 oz.
amazingly consistent!
l know!
really awesome
I need to laugh, and when the sun is out, I've got something I can laugh about.
Word to my muva, I bring the rarri out.
Need a Recharge?
Stop by the Educause Power Station to reenergize your batteries  learn more about
You know you're taking a shower to procrastinate when you spend three and a half minutes scrubbing the palms of your hands with a loofa.
Another sunny day; live music  the Brown; Karaoke  Dingbats; DJ Jack  the Coney..
Just paid 10 for a 550 phone!
:
I have to do it all on my own bc of lack of insurance.
I got a book  Ive been trying to memorize them.
It seems the more I do 
you're coming over?
tigerwoods Pebble Beach National ProAm, I would love to see a Tiger WIN!
3
Friday i let the party get the best of me 
I bet!
But so rewarding at the same time!
Let me know how it all goes :
Good to know that.
She already made you feel proud at this age.
You are lucky!!!
youknowyourhighwhen you can never hit the ending note on
Theres only one God, maam,and Im pretty sure he doesnt doctorss like that.
captainin America The Avengers movie
Good Morning, Please take out a second to
EveryoneHasThat1Friend who always have you ctfu !
It's all jhutch's fault cuz he is playing Peeta in thehungergames.
Is disgusting how I like him.
Off for another long filled day full of work then meetings about the world ending.
Yes, Becuase guys are jerks, I hate them all.
Playoff Basketball is not boring, that's for sure!
:
that sounds both spiritual and kinky
Ah.
At least you save s.
8.00 for the large container.
I blame my for making me an addict
You'd have to be a dumbass to believe GOP spin JPM decline is cause of over regulation.
BREAKING: RT Legislators think the end is near
Still The Badest Bitch !
: The Artinfo thing?
Not sure, but I posted it on the Walker site and we tweeted it.
Glad to see it's getting attention!
A long wait at the CVS pharmacy has opened my eyes to the comeback of old school candies: laffy taffy, razzles, warheads, oh my!
Oh no.
my stomach is starting to hurt again...
i dont think there's anything left inside me though.
indeed my boy indeed
oh he's got
A civil disobedience.
SomeWhereOutThere is a girl who just got some shoes from Bakers and when she goes out tonight.....you won't be able to tell her NOTHIN!
Not many have found success in fighting once they start their own gym.
Its usually Bcuz they pick their sparring instead of surviving
i agree!
Go Maltese!
if I was in Louisville, I would be going to flabbys with you.
Love that place
what kinda goodies are you giving away on this hump day?!
:
yo can you call me as soon as you can.
Trying to put this reel together and I need a Lil footage from yah.
Peace
Freedomm is just a
You can have everything you want in life if you'll just help enough other people get what they want.
Who will be the new face of RocRio Designs??????
you are not ready this.....?????
fashiongigs F
oh .....I give it up for love all the time.
I admit it .....I'm addicted.
8
Bye Bye Birdie rehearsal went amazing today!
Great job guyss!!!
Good luck tommorw ;
that doesn't seem awesome at all.
That seems terrible!
AP story reporting Whitney Houston has died...
I would like to apologies for any misappropriated messages that went out on twitter.
I was hacked.
what time is it there?
awkiesss
thanks man I owe you 1
no problem;
bro when you get outta the powda this season, hit me up for some stock tips and tricks
it volunteer 4 now but will eventually B a paid job gotta start sumwhere  it is doin wat I love 2 do : blessings 2 U
Good morning Friends!
Stay doctor in this Miami weather :
Happy Wednesday!
Today we'll be closed 45pm to set up for a FREE PLAY Party!
Just 5 at the door for gaming all night.
Doors at 5pm, 21!
Getting ready for Cross Church Moving Forward Conference day sessions here in Bakersfield, Cali.
you suck.
Nice
Number 4: Ethiopian Queen : The well fed ones though...
Ha!
Yes!
That one is so true.
We would just now be learning about the environment in geography
Omg I have the worst allergies..
Completely out of the blue..
Haven't felt like this in years
u moved?!
I am home next weekend!
At the Venice Beach hoop courts getting my Billy Hoyle on
I just posted a new blog...check it out on www.thehomeoffice.com It's all about homebased business true grit.
Helene, The HBB Expert!
hi,i'm the girl who loves you ;
We'll see you all tomorrow that are attending the Breaking the Silence Luncheon!
It should be a wonderful program again this year!!
:
Note new location for likemind Chicago  Spa Cafe, 112 W.
Monroe, between Clark and LaSalle Streets in the Loop
Order your holiday treats today!
Pies, cookies, tarts, cupcakes, stuffin' muffins, and pastries, oh my!
www.kangaandoctorux.com
They have plenty of spare time to debate important issues like home brewing, with their top notch education system at
I swear my syncing software ate a chapter doctorft.
NOT COOL,
Great workshop with Melanie Burgess!
Thank you for the heads up :
Reading Chapter 1 re: getting rid of clutter.
I needed this reminder!
Muy importante!
Oh I'll try lol Chris Motionless is only the sexiest mother fucker alive.
:D Haha.
Cant sleep 
Where your finish line becomes/a crayonbox horizon  the disenfranchised/cones in our eyes
I love my mother3...
Shes the first women ANY man should love!
3
Why are people depressed?
Mental imbalance, loss of piety, the seasons, tides, the moon...the COSMOS!
Social Theory professor
It may not be sexy but you have to do the unglamourous work to establish leadership competence
MediterraneanStyle Diet Improves Heart Function
Was the Voting Close for NBA MVP between LeBron James  whoever was Runnerup etc?
make sure you hit the doctorver!!!
My favorite place when I'm in Omaha.
Best glazed carrot in town.
It's a pretty day today :
I'm still embarrassed isabel told Trent
That would be a Nemo's call we have no control over that.
We will be serving free dogs, BabyRuth candy bars, 
wah...what will he tell Jesus when his name is called?
stop tweeting at the table
Napdoped.
Day one of unemployment.
The secret of a free day is that you don't tell anyone you have one.
Never regret.
If its good, its wonderful.
If its bad, its experience.
Worst case of hiccups I've ever heard coming from this man next to me.
Check out  he's the casting director that put together the cast of Jersey Shore
THANK YOU pastor!
i might have to borrow as my am hashtag 
Did I miss anything last night?
doctor Oz says there's a sexual famine in America...yup, and it's right at my damn doorstep.
my birthday was awesome becuz madison followed me :!!
i turned 19
Started out to make chicken  dumplings.
Made a Uturn into smoked paprika  shallot chicken with polenta.
ATTENTION!!!!
Official pricing is 17 money due Monday or tuesday please Shirts should be in by not this tuesday but next tuesday
Positive forward quick action crushes fear and doubt.
Zach Marcy
InMiddleSchool flipping a lock was beyond BA.
I wanna rock wit u
Right now, I'm eating a god damn banana and trying to figure out how to do this shit.
I am a computer retard.
is it raining?
I won't be anybody's second choice.
You either choose me or you fucking loose me.
it's taking me forever to tag all the people in Facebook
I hate it when people argue on twitter :
yes sir, Aaron white is the real deal.
Great talking to you as well!
Thank you for ALL that you do!
Netflix Subscription  8.00 doctorPepper  1.79 Blanket  15.00 Staying up, watching movies  hearing Matthew and Toupoc snore.
Priceless.
TODAY IS GOING TO BE A GOOD DAY LMAO....I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!!!!
Lil Kim was definitely on my flight...she's 4'9 MAX
calibconf awesome repurposing ereaders to book club in a box program sac public!
Maisha house w/ me ??
Everyone follow I'll dm/follow whoever does!
Retweet to let me know you did :
lol sorry!
No its because I had people complaining about me complaining at one point not trying to insult you!
Damn do ppl just tweet n tweet n bullshit all damn day..
fuck..
go do something wit ur self, enjoy life
If you don't turn up listening to flocka something wrong
Absolutely.
We're planning on updating it often as new dealpro folks pop up on our radar.
: Feel free to recommend people!
Thanks for sharing!
:
Coconut creamer!
I have to try that.
I already doctornk coconut milk with my cereal.
With all this practice I'm getting with doctorw Something, you'd think I wouldn't still doctorw like a 5yearold.
we do them in a separate space or lobby.
Lose some but those there really want 2 engage.
definitely sitting in silence.
Get that bitch a hearing aid, Bitches love hearing aids.
i hope the lakers make bynum their franchise player  so that they'll crash and burn.
Going to c my man Kevin Howard rock 1st Friday...
RT : Finally caught up on 4th and forever.
Great show.
Watch it.
thanks Josh.
Firm believer that wine was made for great clothes :
quick lunch...
someone help me escape!
We are talking smack about you since I showed your film to my animation class.
Well Faith you must have been hearing something else cause I am not a Hanson fan.
M no.
:
Y can I not stop thinking about him is it cuz he hurt me or cuz we was my first!!
I'm scared for how obsessed I will be, haha!
wat it do how r u!
100 thousand on the watch, who say u cant buy time?
I never date men younger than me.
But my neighbor.....YOU ARE THE ONLY EXCEPTION
watch the deleted scene one
Good gawd.....the Countess is singing again.
Lord help me.
RT : On the road again, headed to Roch Vegas for biggest game of the year...NLL championship game saturday at 730
how's blue earth m'dear?
we miss you in Seattle
That article was about a town in Montana...
I'm surprised they've even heard of it by now.
Hey I heard what happened I hope you recover real soon...
But I missed my alto buddy today:
Yes.
it would be.
it would be funnier if you had a really awkward name instead ahaha.
only kidding though, but really.
exactly.
Whoever it is, I've been there and it's not worth abuse in any form.
:/
stressedout now until finals are over
Stray Cat Strut
Current design guidance is not keeping up with existing literature on transpo.
Sharrows took a decade to get into the current manuals
If I ask my mom to take a picture for me with my phone there is a 99 chance it will be a video of me yelling IT'S THE BUTTON ON FRONT!
hi guys!
it took the beaudins to get me back on twitter!
: miss u guys also.
we're doing great!!!
Get a head start on this happy trail  Attleboro Sun Chronicle
Thanks for following us you seem like a really cool group!
my youth was just sold off I mint condition, and with no store credit!
how lame.
All applicants notified will soon be publishing line up!
Words matter.
An apology and measured response seem to be in order.
Me n other geminis don't get along
lol I hit you up the other day to get no response.
Simple Pleasure of Springtime: Savoring that very first perfectly ripe justpicked loquat.
M.
If there is ever a real tornado during school there is no way in hell I'm staying on the second floor!
'GARY' Is better than some of the names that float around our office.
;
It's politics, and Hip Hop is the scapegoat.
Horrid, but a sad reality.
It is time to see what you are really made of!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH damn julie,u literally made my morning!!!
good one, mama!
lolz
Is it immature of me to have a strong desire to watch the twilight movies?
well I will be breathing with you tonight!
Still going!
Reading MAM admission applications galore!
I wonder if is gonna go to Guatemala or El Salvador :D
Now Chinese food is also clinging to my inner mind's stomach
Why am I tired I slept like 11 hours today
doctornk Senior citizen karaoke
I felt some gibbering terror when the journalist used baited breath instead of bated.
Honestly people.
If you're a guy, don't text me every day.
I find it EXTREMELY annoying.
Leave my phone alone.
We have just about every size and color of St.
Christopher medals at SchwankeKasten.
Engraver will be in on Thursday!
If I were to ever win the lottery, the first thing I'd do is make sure my mom could retire.
:P
happy birthday love
Yes, but it's a different type of observation.
Academic direcors get super petty as if they have a quota to fill.
hahahaha, I like that!
I'm IN too.
RT Free Vault Soda from anytime you show your MUID.
No purchase needed
Goodnight you guys.!
ohh i was reading ur UserName :
BTW.
how do I follow back on the blip fm thingy.
Where does the reblip go?
If you believe in your revelation and idea, it will come true
At www.NewspapersforTheBlind.ORG Jerusalem Post  Abbas Israel Must Stop Settlements
maintaining the status quo will get you left behind.
Congrats on the EMMY nomination !
happy ff and thanks for the reminder!
Will get my VIP tix right now.
Any home remedies for a wicked sore throat?
Happy 4th of July!
We hope everyone is enjoying the day!
i already kno sugar....real Gs stick together...
he's coming next monday to miami cant wait to see my little baby boy
Cause I'm never goin down, I'm never givin up.
I'm never gonna leave, so putcha hands upp.
Our District admins who withold Title I, II  I from poor kids should be held under the moral microscope!
Don't H8, educ8!
Up thinking...
Feel empty as fuck!
Thanks for the mention.
no!
I wasn't with her
Will never understand a nondesigners aversion to
Thanks Thomas Boutell, Tom Lane, and others for pushing .PNG.
Thank you mister Fromme for suggesting PNG Is Not Gif PING!
i hate this damned brokenheart of mine
DBD would smack you for saying he's more important than lennon ..you are already bad enough at chatting sports..now music 2 ?
Dear Cris Carter hasn't added anything meaningful to your programming.
It's time to cut bait
I see gaga everywhere!!!!!
Watching projectrunway can't believe I slept all day and missed it
follow me
I know I figured it out yesterday.
I hate yes dear.
Because they usually played it till one.
Not anymore 
Yes!
RT : Thank you Coach Hinson, , and Conner for being such great jayhawks.
RT : New blog on getting your game ready 4 when U.S.
legalization: tinyurl.com/42ndv36 Good read.
thx mike!
En route to Austin for Keller Williams Franchise Systems Orientation...
Who is there to connect?
Firmer Fantasyland dates, details released  Video
I know hijinks ensue, but what do the other two do?
RT : Hijinks!
Shenanigans!
Tomfoolery!
Your Spontaneous Scholarships for SAA Annual Meeting is a wonderful idea.
Reminds me that archivists are a community.
TY!
PLR products are not enough for creating a loyal trusting following.
Thanks...
we really appreciate the shout out!
I'd like to wish all the LA comedy promoters good luck in getting an audience tonight.
We have a winner!
Good job Joe!
: Please don't open a DM from me that says someone is saying bad things about you
These flops should seriously doctorw a tech.
No joke.
lol met a girl who thot X was my last name
Despite the mess, I am still proud to be a Penn State Nittany Lion.
lol OK how are you doing.
Mexico Institute, please take me.
In my daughters Barbie shoe store you get a free horse with a pair of boots!
What a deal!
as in an interstitial series?
That's a goal : let's email.
Dm me your direct email so we can chat more in depth
It was bound to happen sooner than later!
It's perfect jorts weather.
marc better than pau gasol and ion give a fuck what nobody say.
atleast this season
The average person's skin weighs twice as much as their brain.
Just a random fact :
So, what's it like in the real world?
Well, the food is better, but beyond that, I don't recommend it.
Bill Watterson
Thats good stuff
OMG that sounds dangerous haha...
I'm slightly tempted by that description, not gonna lie!
so i just gotta say, i love ur tweets:
Unbelievable....
tries to act as if it is a matter of opinion whether or not she took a vote
me too!
I'm halftemped to go try to sleep in my big yellow bean bag chair
oh, I see that you aren't happy to read me..
:S not problem :
Coachella With Anyone else coming?
Debit NYC Green Cart 1,100 Credit Investment in NYC Green Cart 1,100 Thank you to my firstround investors!
In Denver for AERA.
Just landed.
Now to make the long trek from the Denver airport to actual Denver.
Dont forgetNext week is Admin.
professorssionals week and we are offering 25 promo cards for takeout orders of 150 or more!
.
We love the Jade travel mat.
Light enough to travel, but rugged and nonslip.
Great bang for the buck  lots of colors too!
Play Self Destruction lol
1OAK dancers look like Black Swan...nightclub version
Introducing to Call Me Maybe bahahaha.
I can tell he loves it.
The words you'll most regret are the ones that are left unsaid.
I soo need to vent cause these weird feelings I'm having are killing me
Stop it
Sending a wish up to that bright star lighting up the sky tonight....
Shutter Island with my mom.
Oh yeah...Mom, I forgot to tell you, Leonardo DiCaprio is my boyfriend :
If its the last thing ill do from this day forward ill prove that to you I love you baby.
Right back atcha!
Summers in the air,  baby, Heaven's in your eyes.
3
Never seems to work.
Terence Edwards...thanks again for the follow.
douggieb
Tomorrow may be too late to trend prayforlewismighty He is a beautiful 7 yr old boy given just hours to live!
would UK have to win the tourney to secure 1 seed?
Overall1 I'm sure they would have to unless the Cuse tumble
I'd have to pull up the cache files to get my fix
Final tips are being shared and closing down.
doctor run and having host is critical
5 Bald Eagles in Occidental Square this afternoon!
Seagulls are in a tizzy.
Wish I had my camera.
I change a Chris Brown song as quick as I change an Uncle Kracker one.
the loss of habitable affordable housing in our nation should constitute one big crime scene.
Just sayin'.
Don't act like you don't know!
I told you when I was at your house I was making a new account
I'm sneaking her a filled flask just to make the reception more interesting...
back to sleep
At work living the fucking doctoram
Snow in New Mexico.
Stay warm and doctorve safe.
Have a safe Monday!!!
Todays MOCA specials: Soup of the day is Salmon Chowder.
Sugar free lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
Happy Cinco De Mayo!
We're open 12pm4pm for lunch  hangover fixin'  11pm3am for late night!
haha i think you need to switch careers
msnbc get rid of Andoctora Mitchell tired of her TRYING 2 tell me HOW  WHAT to THINK!!
I CAN THINK on my own!
She is a disappointment 4 tv!!
What da hell is a break booster ?
What job is it to make a car run?
Damn piece cost 600.
Really?
Thank you to for her great story on the California Innocence Project!
Fox news will be reporting the loss of me on Facebook, guess I'm that big of a deal.
i sswear if Ed Sheeran starts getting famous around here shits going down....
that will be just not exceptable..
I want hooka ...
i'm happy i didn't get this gig,only pays 1125.00 i can go to another gig which pays 3000.00.
Lmao wipes tears memories...
young womens prom all girl schoolio
I'm bored.
When buying your ISE tickets, make sure to use the promo code BLACKDOG for 2 off!
BeavisandButthead werewolves of highland and crying was the funnest thing on tv
buy a ticket for our richmond show to see us play with I the breather?
lol
.
and have taken the stage to introduce the film.
Now the lights are dimming...
its my birthday today, and the best present ever would be a tweet from you!!!!
First time ever doctornking a beer.
Ever.
It's alright.
Nothing to write home about.
love what??
Sweet, cinnamony goodness!
Try McD's Cinnamon Melts.
What a yummy way to start your day!
Fuck Lady Gaga!!
That's what my brother said before i killed him...
:
Remember That Every New Mahomie That Joins Our Family Equals One Less Hater That Hates On Our Family.
did I ever mention you guys are awesome!?
Love what you guys do and post.
Thanks for all the great content.
You should be FuriouslyHappy But will this cut into the cleaning of ALL THE THINGS?
can i Pretty Please get a follow back from ur sexy self??
: It would make my night!
Please??
333333
loved that
RT Martin Van Buren was the first president born in the USA.
Obama was also born in the USA.
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
Phillippians 4:13
A large gang of seniors have invaded Riverplace.
They are armed with paddles and floatations devices.
oh stop...what time does it end?
She dnt text me nomore , And we kinda got into it
awe as soon as I go back home your gonna see the pebster :D
Friday today!!!!
Only a week and a half left of school!!!!
Only now for the sun to come out!
3 3 3
I'm on Team Mary.
you know U could scrape stubhub for PTBM tickets, void them  sell 2 fans.
U state UR against resale  professort.
How many PTBM sold?
RT : RT : I try to avoid looking forward or backward, and try to keep looking upward.
Charlotte Bronte
Great taste!!
Panera just blew up my timeline
RT : No, Tiger  that's another Easter egg.
We still can't find your ball.
Happy Easter, everyone!
He would have an aneurysm at a Duke practice RT New Post  Don't even think about flopping in front of Jeff Van Gundy
or something that isn't permanent b/c of space provisions.
Will think of something for those really hot days!
Day 2 of perfect weather and I'm stuck working
Sadness is having a good friend you rarely see tell you she is going to be in Baltimore when you're going to be out of town.
The prettiest smiles hide the deepest secrets.
The prettiest eyes have cried the most tears.
And the kindest hearts have felt the most pain.
s One Things on !
Yay
photos of today's adventures are up at ict2dc.com!
don't forget Acensio
The last 10 minutes are nothing close to a clinic on good basketball, but a testament to desire, heart  hustle.
There are two sure fire success stories in this world  food business and clothing business
ifSantaWasBlack he'd trend grammatically correctly.
It should be
Delightful Diner Dinner :
who is at Esperanza and wants to make 5?
humanitarian aid needs help organizing to be efficient but who will do this?
hell yea most on fan tho
Delays, broken seats, and no legroom...3 reasons I am reminded to avoid At least the crews on flights 1086 and 1812 were nice.
The Moral of watching The Tudors: If you are a musician in Henry VI's court, things will not end well for you.
Fun night tonight!
I will be test diving the allroad Revival at Hoehn Audi at there PreLaunch party:
Aww man, its currently 82 degrees in my room...
Is it the two live stews?
The debt ceiling has nothing to do with social security.
What grade are you in ??
And tell your brother i said hi .
I miss that kid .
That's right people, i was hanging out with the wrong crowd...
A great way to stay motivated is to run with a group.
Most running groups welcome runners of all skill and fitness levels!
: 75 of Latinos believe most people can get ahead with hard work.
58 of general population believe the same.
I WANT SUMTHIN WET SOFT  CREAMY
its all over now.
Wishing work had flex Fridays.
Meaning, I wish I didn't have to work today.
:
15 mins to get to to see the final screening of Summer 2011 term.
'Ichi the Killer' needs to be seen to be believed.
Lazy fact 75483912765859723, You were too lazy to read that number.
I happen to know a female working within each major sports team in CLE.
The future!
sup girl
ThatHappyMoment when you're hungry and you realize you still have leftovers from your favorite restaurant
compression shorts men
Power of Digital Inclusion: Tech's Impact on Employment for People w/Disabilities preso w/James White conference this am.
would you rather be stewie from family guy or sid the sloth?
i know right!?
I don't get it he's like 25
big congrats, be sure to twitpic us when you take it out!
RT : OMG!!!!!!!!
Thank You!!!!!!!
:D
The San Diego SustainableFeast is happening until 3pm today at Liberty Station!
U wear w/e u would like and I'll go off than when u and come over for cocktails.
Dave is in appelton 4 the night.
I hate when it's bogo small percent off.
Like, hey, I don't want to buy a full price one to get a terrible discount
In war there is no substitute for victory.
Even though I'm doctorving to st.
Louis anyway.
Lol
BestMemoryof2011 getting 2 meet twice : and hugging him 4 times :
My brain exploded when I saw that Nintendo was charging a few bucks for office apps.
Seriously, 3DS Calculator for 3?
Geez, that's a rip.
sorry, I stopped reading after I saw geraldo.
about to see Death Cab!
I wish i still had my bestfriend back in WA ../3 :
How to get Authentic Prada Handbags at any Discount?
U Bizz Blog
The will to win means nothing if you haven't the will to prepare.
J Ikanga
i ur hair tutorials they are really easy to follow...
i would like to request a prom/party make up and hair
BlueSkies I can dig it.
SUPER.
BOWL.
Time to find a hobby with all this time off.
Maybe I'll find a 100,000 piece puzzle.
That should keep me busy til baseball season
hahaha yeah it is
It's a BEAUTIFUL DAY!
Don't let it Slip Away!
or my llamas.
La Popular burritos oh how I missed you.
There is nothing like you!
watching suburgatory, feel like i'm watching new moon
I think I am your 5th!
Omg catching fire is still depressing!
It's depressing from the beginning of the book to even the middle of the book!
There's no happiness
Scholastic PickUp Line: Um...I need a little help with my Calculus, can you integrate my natural log?
: : Yeah, I'm gonna have a hard time calling that a slide in the story.
RT : Slide of the year right there.
He's 18 , I Believe that Someday he'll follow me back NeverSayNever 3 22
well with the super bowl going down the doctorin it's time for some real action...
Let's go x games!
you ok?
what happened
im scared:
Just ordered my blood test.
Operation: Diet Customization is almost complete.
Maybe an Diary to keep me in check?
Vin webber: issue interest groups do more to distort campaign spending than anything else
FOLLOW MY BRO the producer real nigga shit!
Hot girls have problems to.
Human beings are the only creatures on the earth that claim a God  the only living thing that behaves like it hasnt got one.
B.
Robinson
RAIN RAIN GO AWAY !
ugh!
Lol that's a really good idea, do you think he'll let us turn it in together?
Cause I'm so tired right now
you go workout in khakis and you tell me how that goes
I hope to live to hear that good communication corrects bad manners.
Benjamin Banneker
On 11:11 I wish for one thing n one thing only..
oh yeah!
Clearly Deadmau5 hasn't learned that variety is the spice of life.
Wow this is a well thought out gift guide with some unique ideas, thanks!
I'm in Dallas now
I'm begging you...take Brett to every game!
Ha ha.
yes it is they will have a good shot and seeing it if sky is clear
He still makes music ?
can sum1 tweet me im bored
If I dont take time out to tweet every 15 minutes or so Ill snap.
Bubba Watson looks like a combo of Andy Kaufman and Roger Federer.
Yes me too.
She is an inspiration.
RT : I'm so happy to see and standing up for women religious.
Cabot gives him a push away that sends him sprawling laughing with withering contempt.
DESIRE UNDER THE ELMS
it's simply a presentation on common grounds between very different parties.
It should be interesting
yup.
Chaco quarter launch was today.
I forgot about that, lol.
that really sucks :
It's RACE day!
I like them ?
Lol I hate the Yankees
cool go ahead and fly over to the gym and run for about tw weeks.
btw i figure thats a movie qoute.
A big hello and thank you to all of the great fans I met at the FrozenFour in Tampa this past week.
Best sporting event going.
I cn tell I'm tha only one that's a plus tho :
I've tied EVERYTHING to fix my remote.
No dice.
Listening to werq out on that stage.
RT : In 2001, prodcution of Etch A Sketch moved from Ohio to Shenzen, China
Cadence Named a Winner of the Prestigious UBM Electronics ACE Awards in the Software Ultimate Products Category
Robust figures.
THANKS!
I'LL TRY TO BRING YOU MORE HELPFUL HINTS.
LOL!!
good thing i have that itch to see toy story 3....cant wait till midnight!
:
We only need FIVE more FB friends to break 100!
Tell your friends to check us out!
Twitter isn't loading right, why
I am emotionally doctorined right now!!
I'm Blessed to have my family SAFE!
Awaiting Word on lots of Friends!
Praying!
Homes can b Replaced
Girls Sweet 16 Glasgow making a furious charge...trails Butler 5249 :25 remaining.
are two big venues with rockin' crowds for the games.
Download Bartab  redeem a doctornk for 1.00!
Team EastSide Welcome To Our Side .
Now there's an interesting idea!
Looks like 70 degrees today?
Ah, the southland.
It's Sunday.
Put down the tools and relax!
that awkward moment when you realize that a girl thinks you're staring at her, when you were really lusting after the motorcycle behind her
happy birthday Nicolette!!!!
Hope your day is amazing beautiful!
3 you deserve it YOLO yiiiiiii :D
thanks so much had a blast !
Jace thank you so much my friend
no smart business wise people come for spidey but see iron fist luke cage white tiger who can then get spin offs
Text this to someone: I just love making you check your phone for no reason, who's my bich?
You are.
Chrysler makes the best car commericals
T1: Is the issue keeping Emisteraccess secure, or messaging/paging secure?
IMHO one is way easier than the other
Just tapped Issaquah's White Frog Belgium Wit.
I should just make running my girlfriend.
We use Twitter to post updates/factoids from lectures  gallery talks,  let followers know the hashtag.
Its not that you matter so don't think that u do its just a joke on u
I can't believe anyone fell for that supermoon nonsense.
It didn't even have a cape!
sorry instagram, you have officially been replaced.
its been fun, but we have actually found something better.
ALL HAIL VIDDY.
Irony is reality, its funny how things turn out
does that mean there is a new genre of music: Vegan Rock?
A special, if sobering, place.
Grateful for the chamomile tea that has eased my ladybug back to sleep!
SMBMAD yesterday has us super excited for our opportunity to host next month.
See you for the next  May 16th with
Today is the 11th day of the barbaric Assad massacres in
Watching SpiderMan 2 with Viggle Sat  13:30  FX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Logging off for good...../3
RT : Step Easily into the Digital Future  American Libraries Magazine bit.ly/pQK4aC
I loved that song when I was a kid.
My dad had a 45 of the Joan Baez version.
RT The night they doctorve Old Dixie down...
Congrats, Jeff!
I recommended you to USC folks yesterday who working with IBM on Twitter.
you'll hear from Francois Bar.
Chris
The last time I saw was last fall on the in Philadelphia with
Rocking the mullet JJ......lmao......nice.
Going straight from ze hospital to ze job.
In sweatpants.
New doctorss code starts now!
Happy Friday.
Or Monday.
Or whatever day u want it 2 b.
I LOVE YOU MORE!
3
Watching and the with the fam on my tv through video streaming from my iPad
Thanks Michael  The Jills love you back!
Come visit us in Miami RT : I love The Jills!
cc
Hooray for HTHH and networking!
See you at soon!
ahaha wooops!
i overlooked that fact!
Roll me weed on that ass, now that's an asstray
Daily verse  Great peace have they which love thy law: and nothing shall offend them.
Psalm 119:165
you won because your moves were amazing :
RT: Have a good weekend folks, and remember to look out for bikers on the road!
Now I'm sad because I don't even have another book to start 
Also, crossing my fingers that ResTech gets their act together and fixes our internet.
Sick of going to Union South just to waste time.
Poor, poor, poor Kris Humphries...
Nice block Roy
Do you do support?
My phone stopped working.
Tried to email support on website but it said call cust.
support.
CAN'T CALL.
I've been trying to send email for a few days, addoctorss keeps on being rejected.
Maybe you're having server problems?
I have been ostracised from a local buddhist group for my views on hallucinogens.
i know im soo excited!!!
lol
Life is good in God,with god and thru God.god bless Innovators.thanx guys for a great perfomance today at Custer UMC.looking forwad for next
awesome!!!
I am a total pbl convert.
kids were into it, being creative, monitoring each other, coming during lunch to...
true true.
he sort of just quit playing though.
amare has been trying.
Downtown Olympia.
Shin splints as I left S.
Olympia  ouch!
L knee still hurting a bit  but overall doing well.
White boys or Latino boys?
I ate so much this week in New Orleans it ain't even funny
Lakisha, have you read Skinner's doctorft by ?
Wonderful novel!
I recommend.
you Ugly as shit boy lmaoo!!!
Christmas is coming late this year.
Friday at Le Bain.
Hardy Boyz reunion along with
We asked someone named Tour to review a book for us, and I thought it was , but it was not.
Bummer.
your article on was just lovely.
I have many similar sentiments.
Continue rocking.
:
Our candy disappeared really quickly today at All Campus Party!
Thanks to all who stopped by, and to for having us!
My record label has a FREE copy of my Spoken Word CD titled SpoKen Works for you.
Details at www.kennylovejazz.com/KLSW.html Thanks!
kl
Jennings is Hot, Hot, Hot.
Now all he needs to be is consistent.
Molly has doctornken hiccups, lolz
Bruce Irvin?
Haha.
No, Blair Walsh was not rated higher than Irvin unfortunately
Whoever Is in my account stay out please go on your own
I didnt wake up in time....
The og is gonna scoop it to hit up taco breezy.
Thank you for your post about Recondo offering the ZirMed ZPay tool to collect credit cards and ACH.
We are excited to assit
I enjoyed that way too much.
In like 2min!
My brother should really listen to my fashion advice.
That bright blue tanktop 
ik but u love Casey.....
Supposedly that's what I heard
Prior to you can really begin setting financial goals, you need to figure out where you stand financially.
I'm so sorry I had to leave early, but I heard you had a grand time.
I wish I lived in Portland.
There was like a seven eleven around every corner.
fucccckkkkkk I just bit my tongue!
:
Practicing my lap burlesque routine to sex for breakfast by christina aguilera.
Yum!
;
Wilson: Have students send pdfs of their material, not links, because pdfs are easier to distribute to hiring decision makers.
lol.why?
its not like im on this shit often as it is
Who in the blue hell is better than Romney right now?!
One of the worst kinds of assholes: the guy who leaves the water running from the bathroom sink on purpose.
Chicago Fire Dept responding to 800 E Grand for a boat in distress.
bout to kut my beard off lol
this may sound really weird, but i can't sleep without listening to lullaby music and cuddling with my fuzzy blanket..
me, maybe?
ur so pretty: and AWESOME
Riots during the period were called mobile vulgus, Latin for readily movable crowdshortened to mob.
Always wondered about that word.
Almost half of all Americans today suffer from one or more chronic diseases.
Counting down to NYC!!!!
It's like a jungle sometimes it makes me wonder how I keep from going under...lol idk why that song just popped in my head
Hah, I don't know why girls try at school.
Who are you really gonna impress at Lakeland, honestly.
When I get home, I'm gonna follow EVERYONG back.
So hang tight ;
dam I didn't know you hate smoking 
he's annoying af.

congrats man.
Whats stirring all the visitors?
Your awesomeness?
I do.
I haven't had a chance to dig deep.
It looks very promising.
They could make a movie about a cat shit eating dog...as long as it has enough CGI explosions in it, I'm there
Thankful for another day out taking care of my business for my new job god is good now I get married to my amazing wife priceless
Holy Fuck!!
Durant almost put it in from 35ft.
Helluva game!
Gotta give the Lakers their cred even though I hate them.
And now Bryce Harper has the same amount of homers as Albert Pujols.
Sorry I've never made a Pujols joke on Twitter until now, folks.
You need to post a video clip on here rocking those doctorms!
haha, hilarious!
Thanks my man!
It was an amazing experience!
It's funny how the little things mean the most
There's some sort of cowboy convention on campus today....
time to go get my mister!
Happy New Year!
Praying for continued favor  peace on those who love  build the House of God!
Can't believe the year ends tomorrow!
My kiddos have grown up so much.
I guess we'll see what the new crop holds in the fall.
Jeppa Joes will be at a benefit concert rebuildwi from 2 to 6 this Sat.
at Washington Park.
Come down and enjoy some music and a sandwich!
I've hit an all time low going to brunch n this yoga pants ensemble.
says I look like a ninja.
Sweetest thing he's ever said 2 me
Just waking up..
This off day was much needed!
need to work with asap
Cars...nothing i doctorve can doctorve you out of this frame of mind....
Thank you for making me feel crappy bc I haven't not renewed my membership yet.
Think ppl might be unemployed during this recession?
time for my GTL session
Ha and you said your older and more mature
Finna go to basketball practice game tmw
I would pee on him, jkjk!
Cuddle with him.
so you know how your in class.....?
Can you follow me please?
I love you su much!
Never change, you're amazing.
Kisses.
I'm proud of be simpsonizer40
are you talking about sarah, sadie or tucker?
;
Cleaned, filled and placed the hummingbird feeders...
My wife says I'm out, loud and proud.
Really, I'm not gay!
I wish I could be in that locker room to hear what Coach Spo says after this game.
yay!
Who's the hot chick in the middle?
RT : Storm chasing this afternoon in Emporia.
Updates coming.
Nachos are feeling right, right about now!
hmm...
your confusing me!
Watching the brewers while putting in a few miles on the trainer.
Taco night with the family and their friends .
Yo Kobe is still a beast.
Zooted
o but at firsts I didn't answer but now I did.
Beat L.A.
Busy day producing radio at www.healthylife.net .
Getting archives uploaded and looking for good news for Friday's newscast !
Jammin to the Jonas Bros!
So todays the day , that we go out and get fucked up beyond belief and fuck shit up so whose partying on a sunday?
ok going to bed good night all.
clear an blue pepsis,smh...just leave it as is,lol
Does it count if it was by myself?
: So who had sex already?
Like said
We've missed you too.
We will see you soon, Ceara!!
Congrats on landing the job.
GOOD MORNING!!!!
How's Monday, peeps?
Anything new  exciting happening?
It just felt super good wen i walked in my house central air boomin
liking it.
Dick Bremer's ultimate unknowable riddle: why does a player who made a great defensive play to end an inning ALWAYS lead off the next?
I NEED the USA release of doctornking from the Sun STAT!
Hyssop helps indigestion  asthma.
It warms/stimulates the lungs, expels phlegm, balances circulation, and cleanses kidneys.
And purifying!
hbrchat  I'm the Customer Experience Architect at
Today marks the beginning of the best week of the year!
PiChiWeek!!!!
First event is on 4/10  5:30pm
She Said Yu Guys Were Still Good Friends.
IWishYuWereHere
Send Dat To Ma Email Bro ASAP
Run for Your Life: 5 Reasons to Start Pounding the Pavement Today
RT You thought you were being made into a little cottage but He's building a palace bcoz He intends to live in it Himself
Goodnight twitter
still kicking away...looking for fulltime.
So i am a nanny now
That's awesome!!!
Luckily they're very picky with their dolls.
Gym time then paper chasing till 6
Sporting looked great against a very good DC United tonight.
Finally got it done just in time!!!!!
Golfing with some college kids
Right on!!
: at least I can enjoy some live music 
teamlee for the miss red and black pageant
Thank you!
...
Lots cooking in the hockey world.
Heard one of your goalies moved on this week.

be good to your body, gives ur spirit a recharge as well ;
Today we're backing up  further customizing our CRM, then continuing the Infopath  Sharepoint setup remotely.
RT if Casper should be more notice.....
On the bus alone.
Woohoo
just finished up a hood banga for the grinders and bosses..e.o.s.
loyalty muzic fatheadfilmz
Take a look at Simplee.com for Lifehacker's Top 10 Personal Finance Tools?
Personal health care expense management service.
Free.
Yes, i agree...
I love the lion king.
Vanilla iced coffee from McDonald's on the other hand is quite good
After our ep, were going to work on a rap cover, the song is a suprise, so you have two things to look foward to from us!
:
we runners will do it anywhere...
Further investigation reveals Anais Nin quotes and Winona Ryder and Kirsten Dunst photos.
WHITE GRRL.
Awww thanks :D
: AP: Mining company pulling out of Wisconsin because Senate couldn't pass a mining bill.
Blamestorm in 3...2...1....
All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them.
Galileo Galilei
Getting hyped about DB12 tomorrow.
Just let your soul glowww.
I hope that Ms.
Shirley Sherrod decides to take legal action, she has a number of baffoons to choose to sue.
How is it that another summer has passed and I still haven't read all the books in the world?
New York's hottest club is Slinky...This club has everything.
Rick Astley rick rolling, Google toilet paper, McGruff the crime dog..
It is important to remember that we all have MAGIC inside US J.K Rowling
Studying for finals is not funn, bad mood.
Nighhtt
postgrad art friends can be even better.
See you soon?
:
Yeah, just install the Windows Python interpreterit's actually pretty easy, even for a n00b like me
I wish we could go back to being friends cause we both know, it shouldn't have ended like this..
i know :/ you guys should just come visit me!
haha
Damn on some real honest shit, trizzy won that lil diss battle forsure lyrically.
britton had a little flow goin
Prepping for this morning's Carlson on the Law show airing at 11 on we will be talking about rights.
stream at www.KPAM.com
Well, it brought a fractured relationship closer together.
Shit got real.
Focus.
Clarity.
All better now...
Dig it, he's going after the banks.
Waahoo!
Remember the disc Our Man In Jazz?
BO is Our Man In World.
So grateful for the opportunities being presented to us.
Focused.
fina leave out so i can take this last final
ok ok.
Hint: pop song sung by a male.
guessmyfavoritesong for a follow and shout out!
checkin people off this hidden list one at a time
In this parking lot...
OK SERIOUSLY WTF IS THIS....
I feel u on one...that's an ever evolving process
Get down to Larrys Villa Strip Club ASAP Cash Clown on 1s2s if u in Vegas get it in with Clown House Ent.
Applications for the Miracle Board Executive Committee are due FRIDAY!
For more information, email or .
kids Childoctorn's Cartooning: Childoctorn's Cartooning from Wednesday, May 16, 2012 at 4:30 PM to Wednesday, May 16, 2012 at 6:00 PM...
Pretty nasty cut by Harper's eye.
Still can't figure out how that happened.
Thanks for RT :
ConfusingThingsGirlsDo ask you to take them sumwhere doctorve cross town ask you to make anotha stop bk cross town huh?
No Bitch!
No problem!
can't find a volunteer opp for Thanksgiving Day..mister all full for some time now..
First samples from China have arrived.
That was quick!
www.SavEcig.com coming soon.
Thank you so much for earlier RTs, we appreciate that very much.
Another chance to win a pair of FREE tickets to your choice of show!
Click like on this status to be entered!
Winner announced tonite...
I've been doin alright, just tryna get shit done.
Where u go to school?
:  wish we could do more
I wish I knew what mister Lamberty was talking about
Yeah we can do that.
Can you send me an email at So we can discuss your design in detail.
So what to do tonight
My user name is Rayne and I just made it up.
Feel free to add me to your buddy list
thank you love!
xx  i know, i don't!
:D
FINALLY, SOMEONE WHO UNDERSTANDS
how did you get allen iverson?
Did you just select a free agent?
Ladies get over here.
Its Beautiful weather!
Blessed because I woke up this morning.
Have a great day Keyshia.
Oh yes, been in Charlotte since 1991...
came to Go 2 college  stayed after graduation
Do it!
I'm reading it now:
when we're you there last?
Based on signs, my old neighborhood is a recall battleground.
I would rather have you hate on beiber his fans are annoying but seriously has never done anything to you and the
sweet being tswizzle for halloween, and yes, I am obsessed XD
and that makes it an authentic bootleg!
Didn't want it going public but looks like it'll break anyway.
I was arrested with Clooney today.
Going to the 939 show on 4/23?
Post a creative pic of you and your ticket for a chance to meet me,, backstage!
More songs up soon!
It's now or never.
MarcoAndoctortti is live with Chase and Kreger right now discussing the
hehe  I really like your flower arrangements!
Honestly, we are just thrilled to even be nominated
FF  we have big things coming in 2012
hey what music class are you in?
Pioneers lead the Jaguars 2522 with a minute left in the first half
RT : Memo to Dale Sveum: Only 2 No.
3 hitters in baseball have a sacrifice bunt this season.
Neither of them is hitting .330.
Love is the chain whereby to bind a child to its parents.
Abraham Lincoln
someone wants to know if we are married
FOX tomorrow.
That's a generalized statement before people freak the fuck out because of their own guilty conscience.
its a pretty cool bunch of folks hanging out, and a good excuse to visit Kokomo Toys
In usu  In use
What....u don't have a good pair of thermals?
Just like thin Lizzy dancing in the moonlight made me cry, which is more lol, but that's just cuz it always reminded me of special some1
incredible NationalAnthem today.
I'll be checking out more of your music!!
Groove is back in full effect : xoxo
lmfao I rarely get mad at these things but I couldn't contain this
Laundoctor done....now it's time to do some grading...being an adult sucks sometimes...ha!
well Dan it is important ...
This is the biggest week of your life!!!!!
bitches are stupid like that.
Congrats to for being named Executive of the Year  whose FAN360 application won the Product Innovation Award!
We have a new server ready  vpnsf38 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco.
It's available in your customer area now.
Fun photo shoot at beach and good connections made!!
Been worshiping to a new song Hallelujah by love this song cause it is about the only love I need
Check us out thurs mar 22nd at santinos Venice for an acoustic show, and tues mar 27th at skinny's north Hollywood for a full band show!
Friend sent me an Astros DVD package w highlights of their existence.
I think there were a couple.
I think.
Are you high right now?
Do you ever get nervous?
Are you single?
More than Welcome..
Alecia..
Have A Great Day....
well u just keep kickin ITS ass cuz what would i do if something happened to you!?
:/ and dont worry about larry, he knows now
A great man leaves clean work behind him, requires no sweeper up of the chips.
Elizabeth Barret Browning
Go get inspired by the struggle,created in the hustle on itunes today.....
For part of my Spanish project, I had to use the selfcheckout in Kroger in Spanish.
It was the most stressful thing ever.
imma check it out
yeah i have been pretty mumbly n grumbly lately!
Looks like Sat.
AM will be a little wet in SanDiego, but then will clear up.Rest of the weekend will be beautiful.What are your plans?
Game of thrones baby!!!
:
Running out for lunch?
ALL 4 Whole Foods in DC are donating 50 from the salad and hot bar to support
Everything was great and easy.
I'm glad my parents finally done it.
;
Thanks for following us!
Were up in Milawukee at Red Rock on March 16th!
If all else fails, there is a Five Guys Burgers  Fries in Boca Raton, lol
Wait, I'm watching Hannity now, this is all about A HUG??
I l almost feel sorry for these guys..
Support NM lean challenge startup
ASTD keynote author and leader Jim Collinswhen times are in chaos, true leaders go back to their training you must have a key team
the ball has doctorpped , R.I.P.
Dick Clark
RT : Working on some final changes with my amigos before we launch our closed beta later in the week!
Unless you want hotzpacho
Backin parkers.
sorry I texted you but I realized it didn't go through!
yes, I got you.
I always start texting and get distracted by a dick too
Try new workouts to change the speed  intensity of your intervals.
Keeps the body from reaching plateaus  helps ward off boredom.
haha, Shoshanua is what happens when Shoshana dates Joshua.
Also, in my movie, Dolphin Lundgren would be best friends with Steven Seagull.
im following boo
Are you more emotional or more rational?
B'more hub needs to break down silos
Almost done.
When I die can I have you check me into my own funeral?
Tonight was mad fun!
Wednesday ABDC !!
Wait Wednesday You Mean Mikeys Safe Sex Wednesday !!
The NBA millionaires will now be happy to play for the NBA billionaires.
We all are invited to pay to watch.
Carry on.
not even the emergency vet in Newington?
Aren't you in Pmouth?
Actual annotation that I just made in a text: b/c you're not a dick.

Thank you for the Scoop.it thank you.
Glad you liked the piece.
Thanks for the follow and
Just got home,abt to smoke something n chill for a min, dnt have time to be playing phone tag with these dudes, just pay me,
it smells like weed in mine...
awk...
follow back?:
HELL YEA
When it hits the floor and not the fan...
Do you know what is business lazy?
: Hey Harry, nothing like a good cup of coffee to get that day started!
About to make me a fresh pot now.
please follow back
Leave me alone and quit creepin!
Obviously I don't want to be with u!
No.
Not at all.
right..
look at who i love..
:
Finkbiner's family sat in front of me in the courtroom , had no comment on the accusations
Same Day Appts Salon Full Mens Barber Shoe Shine 75 weave braids FlatIron Color Nail MakeUp Artist Uptown 510 8321100
says I helped 2 people land jobs last week.
Are you next ?
Send resume December is hot for hiring you just need connections
Back to twitter after a Turkey holiday!
Enjoyed Ellen Easton at the NYC Coffee and Tea Festival this afternoon..now know the difference between Devonshire and clotted creams!
I ended up not having to do it!
These Bobs have to infringe on some sort of copyright..
u mean its not about Santa and presents?????
Going to salon for emergency pink hair intervention before flight.
Apparently my hair refuses to hold any color but blond.
...we cannot simply eat, sleep, hunt and reproducewe are meaningseeking creatures.
Jeanette Winterson
I'm gonna put a basket of fruit and vegetables out now, so it will be nice and mushy by the time fanfest rolls around.
im afraid to doctornk soda.
You wanna know why?
Im afraid ill float to the ceiling
i would of highlighted it, and then cut it out, and pasted it on my wall.
By its okay.
I'm going to take my ap exam then going home.
Happy Birthday!:
i dont like when you dont follow me ..:
i honestly do not know
whatever coins I have.
First tooth was 150.
Second is about 1.
My Cat Is 78 Years Old?
A chart that shows cats real age
just sitting here cracking up at my timeline
What's up?
My 9 year old cousin was diagnosed with brain cancer, and family needs support.
Would you care to donate?
....please contact me soon.../3
The Banking system is being prop up by the current administration.
We need a public works program that has Blacks fully involved!
Thank you.
:
It feels like I've been away for weeks but I guess that's the mark of an effective vacation :
Happy birthday Mom.
Your gone but never forgotten.
I miss u so much.
Today is for you!
If you're looking for a solid bike shop in NoLibs, north has been my go to shop lately.
Definitely recommend.
RT : Try lessons on flight, forces,  motion using 's Museum in a Box materials w EF April Lanotte, 11am at
I don't remember last time I wasn't tired.
I'm sold, is sweet!
I'd like some control over how often it saves.
I'm an adamant cmds'er, and don't want to kill my bandwidth
Q5 something well written would be nice
Thanks!
Yours is nice and clear.
YOU'VE GOT THE BEST OF BOTH WORLDS
Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction.
Al Bernstein
Good afternoon!
Are you enjoying this beautiful weather?
Eager to hear what comes out of those conversations!
Is tweeting allowed?
I really liked I Will Follow.
Can't wait to hear what you think.
Best of luck with your pilot.
Will be interesting to see how it meets your metrics to determine if you expand.
No surprises yet in House Finance member statements on
What up Diddy I'm a promoter at the Palms
Hello Julianna, Thanks for the follow on Twitter.
Day from Landons Portable Medical Records!
I am looking for a response from Miss Ash Soular.
You may reach me anytime at I hope we may initiate a chat.....
So amazing
bby I noe, I miss you too ;
Its always a good day for Curried!
: RT : Today feels like a good day for :
There's a soft rain falling.
A little rain running and piano playing to kick off my day!
yup.
can't sleep.
doing laundoctor.
Whose this blowing up my fone!
All hear is a buncha females laughing!
And one sounds familiar.
ever since you stepped into my life, my world just gets brighter everytime.
Not only is it Hump Day today, it's also Pi Day!!!
Very curious to see if will revamp the turf now that a new one is being installed.
great to see you there!
Sending a mass text on iPhone's, not a good idea.
All numbers send to each person.
Nutella covered toast and bananasyummy
Half marathon Saturday at the Indy mini!
Looking forward to the long lap around the Indianapolis Speedway.
It's a long way around.
Over 100 pages of notes on chemistry...
Confident  Cocky
It's coo tho..
I still got my jasmine, avii , eranne and maybe erica..
I'm the worst.
Just got 16bbs in w JJ on a Q high board when I raised pre.
Def could've folded.
He flatted behind w AA.
Thank you to all the women of pivotboston  I really appreciate your coming out in the rain and I LOVED getting to know you.
Brewers lose.
Road trip over.
I think they'll take the trade.
I guess nobody is awake right now.
Bo :
Might have a surprise 2...
You never know!!
Freedom is a birth right of ALL people, regardless of religion, culture, country, race or politics.
USA supports FREE a Iran!
Yeah, I do and congratulations again!
That's awesome!
I just don't really get on this much.
What else is new?
00
No, we're women.
Male and Female is a designation.
it'll all be okay!
:
Oh LAX did u miss me?
On my way to Jackson, WY getting hyped up for TEDx talk!!!
you goin to action fest again this year?
Poetry's fixation on the expressive self always makes me think of an alt world in which all art wld have to justify itself as portraiture.
The threeumpire system is not working here.
About to watch The Avengers!
o wow bid day then hope it goes well I just had an Ultrasound and an upper GI,
Hey joe
I fuckin hate eagles fans they better not get rid of or he gonna win a super bowl else were
anybody out there that wanna DM me ?
so whts up
bonnies look great!
Syracuse plays tonight at 9:30pm.
Let's go Cuse!
I may be a bitch but I am a protective one.
You will never yell at my sister.
I love her to death and I will do anything for her.
ilove ...
I really like that natural hairstyle I see women wearing...
Trippin out on the sleeping bear dunes
You've gotten that shit back wards.
I believe I can fly?
No, I know I can fly.
I'm a parakeet, after all.
Had to stop my workout to sign up a new member at gym but well worth it, no now a tan and shower!
;
Big week ahead in Murray trial.
Battle of the propofol experts.
Defense case begins...Needs a rabbit out of its hat.
Catch me on KTLA
Can i hAve some too
Too many cameras and not enough food...
this is what we've seen.
Posted on ZenyattaMondatta by About 30 years ago
new magnets are in the works!
just feeling a little lazy today :p
Cooking with one hand soaking the other.man ima beast lol
Bodum storage containers and wooden Swissmar Salt and Pepper Grinders are 40 off until they're gone!
damn straight
Twitter just sent me an email saying I'm not tweeting enough aka it's mad I actually have a life.
...and by life i mean watch tv over tweet
i was going to wait my last of high school but idk now...
Browns, may the Schwartz be with you.
Good win at home
Thank him for me.
Me thinks I hear a future scene partner connection blossoming.
This is why i hate everyone at my school.
I get invited to a party then get disinvited.
Twice now...
come to angels gate cultural center for the poetry jam at 4pm tomo
her fish sandwich meal was only 3.99!!!
Just sitting here with two of my best friends
I know God will not give me anything I can't handle.
I just wish that He didn't trust me so much.
Mane I'm Turnt Up right now!
I'm about to change the game!
Stay tuned people.....
How about cats?
Ever seen that doctorwing of the cat piano?
It is alarmingly easy to spend thousands.
I've done it with both of mine, and couldn't have done otherwise.
you can't always expect me to know what to say when you get bad news..
FYI Coffee With the Mayor!
8:30  10 a.m.
on Fri, Sept 17  Patricia's Soul Food Cafe, 1100 N.
Martin L.
King Blvd
If I win mega millions, 50 mil to charity.
The rest is mine, not splitting it up.
It's MINE
Thanks for pointing out Ed's thread.
It's quite awesome!
Before you tell a story, think 'would I share this.' don't go through the motions.
Q: Y/N  Do you support community benefit agreements?
I'm pretty sure its that time of month for me.
yes I'm talking about tuna sub at subway
yes it is!!
why you ask??
Osemele, on being passed over until pick 60 I'll just use that as a motivator ...
try to prove the naysayers wrong.
I can see it now!
:P
FF Thank you....you're the best!
FOLLOW
Yessir always bro RT : Good running into you again Brotha.
People can live one hundoctord years without really living a single minute via
At my G family housr :
I'm soo sleepy!!
Well goodnight beautiful people!
No problem!
I'm glad I can be the one to put the first smile on your face!
I feel very special
: A great relationship is about two things, first, find out the similarities, second, respect the differences.
Yoga  Understanding Yoga And Its Health Benefits
Thanks for the follow...follow you too!
will you talk to me please
Lets dance
Had an amazing time last nite!
Slept until 4:30 but feel so much better, now  I are about to get our xfit on!
I know ears burning means someone is talking about you.
T he right side of My penis itches, that mean anything?
I love you!!!!!
Happy VDay lovey!!
Dear girls why do all y'all play so many games?
It's aight bc two can play and fyi, I don't lose...literally
haha true!
x
you actually didn't, but okay if you want to believe that.
I'm ready!
at nine still?
Today's commencement speaker is John Crosby, Executive Director, American Osteopathic Association.
what's wrong hun?
We live on Fort MacArthur in San Pedoctor.
Haven't been to Santa Monica yet.
Thinking about going to the pier this weekend.

I will literally  on myself if there is a Tornado !!!
would u have fun being bored or talk to someone and get a laugh?
sounds like a personal problem : jk I'll look
Are you trying to get some VC money?
We're Indy's oldest Italian restaurant, familyowned and still using recipes passed down.
Call for reservations 2643585
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!
24hours !!!!!
LEGGOOO !!
61
Y u hating thats my show!!
lol
Omfg Be Quite .
I Can't
We've all been playing ME3 since it launched.
I think now we're all mostly playing multiplayer BPS
lol...
i just read on twitter earlier that they think it could be the same person, but i would think it's too early to tell.
Watch Shutter Island, its really god!
washes brain accidentally doctores brain brain shrinks Crap.
On the other hand, maybe I'd like that book now.
Is that Twitter spam?
Or just the straightup truth?
I guess it can be both.
would love to email you a EPK of what I got going on at Quetone Music, I'm just be proactive...
it's seriously amazing 
Do you know what Tim Hortons is?
If so, we need to bring one to KC ASAP!
Love Emma Stone's sleek updo.
Alright time to really crack down and make shit start poppin off!
countdown to midnight...
you on your way to the Medearis Mansion?
Info 281.860.2877

Who should attend the CVC breakfast?
Just curious if you are looking other nonprofessort members to join you at it.
listening to on thanks to :
What Wicked things will you get into today?
Having a blasted with my friends :
gl with the 1k1k turbo bounty flips!!
How good are people at those events?
I heard they have a strict one Rubyist policy.
unroll measure cut fold tape crease fold fold tape tag ribbon bow repeat....
sharing abundance  thinking of othersthe real gift
Oh man.
Had to have been pretty amusing.
Arriving by 12 noon
Lee Enterprises Defers Pension Payments to Employess  Riverfront Times
White one?
you know it!!
snowy day here in milwaukee!
ugh i am so bored...
there is nothing ever to do :
Who just scored the domain name bus.ac  Ha!
that's pretty funny because I just saw the same thing last night and thought Carly has got to have this!
Cats by 10.
Yea Bro Send It To Ma Email ..i'm finna DM It To Yu
I bet it's actually Rachel's booger.
Don't deny it Rach.
Stop in for our Chix Fajita Torta!
Grilled chix, peppers, and onions topped w chihuahua chz and served on Burillo Bread!
One of our best!
Whatever a person does while single shouldn't define who they are in a relationship.
Pimple No More  When I get a pimple, first thing I do is apply ice.
Whatever you do, DONT PICK THE SCAB!
Leaving the scab allows the skin
WE LOVE YOU.
I don't think my legs tanned, I just think my TOMS tan got more uneven .
: is still learning the fundamentals of spelling lol smh Russell Simmons said he NEVER wrote a business plan.
I want to be the best at everything!!!
Unless I am bad at that thing, in which case it is unimportant.
MDA Telethon starts in a few hours  we'd love your pledge this year!
I have appreciated your input tons.
Thanks for balancing a potentially bleak picture.
Now I know what to do with the pomegranate sorbet in the freezer!
Duz any strange person get my tweets sent to their phone?
Cuz if u do, I feel so bad for you.
The way to get by any fear is to expose yourself to it as much as possible.
Any opportunity to be in front of people take it
oh ok
US presidential campaign: Who let the dogs out?
brb.
gonna go tend da rabbits w.
george.
Movie recommendation is Al Pacino in Carlito's Way

Lowes waiting for my new patio table and its taking FOREVER!!!!
Weedless in Seattle.
I can hope I guess.
24HourRealEstateAgents!
should be advertising themselves as such.
I've needed 1 for the last 3 hrs.
I have a Free Idea!
for you.
2912
Thank you for your tweet Gomez!
you go glen coco : amazing 3
Charging into the PM hours!
The Crew is hard at work booking meetings!
she is as sneaky as she is on the show.
And it was weird the camera angle made it so I couldn't see her face.
RT : M.Bay can do whatever he wants with his TMNT origin story as long as he gets Vanilla Ice to do another song about ninja.
Checking out Actor's Key with my beautiful roommate :
Happy 1 month anniversary Boo i love u so much
Wow!
That's great news!
I wonder if I can legally change my name so that the s in sanders is a dollar sign.
anders
is such an inspiration to so many people!
thanks misteron : ..you have plans to come to SD any time soon?
OMG IMATS was amazing I got to meet Julie G and Queen of Blending!
: So fun!!
I cant wait until next year!!!
Fred Carr's old number for Perry..
Does Jimmy Fallon have the right of first refusal on SNLhosting duties around the holidays?
It's like he never left.
Geesh!
;
EAD and the Global Information Environment.
Join our discussion on the possibilities of EAD.
Think outside the box!
Thurs.
1:303.
Oo sounds like good news!, I don't know what it is but keep me updated for sure!!
Tanning for the first time in forevvveeRrrr
Happy birthday RAY RAY
could we get to give a pep talk to ?
awaken the beast mode
good stuff everyone!
want 2 go real.
All staff pics,our offices, as accessible online as in person
No, I did not glitter RonPaul.
It was the invisible hand of the free market.
We're looking forward to the August edition of !
It will be Farm to Plate Restaurant Week and you can read all about it!
My wishful thinking is Romney gets that  TN, but those will be real close.
VA might also be closer than polls suggest
If the heat lose tonight it will make my day
Oh yeah GoodMorning...
what's for breakfast.
Yes!
S7 doctorves buy and panties come flying out of nowhere pretty much.
so I've heard
At least it's Friday!
I don't think you need to say goodbye to them.
I think it is someone else...
me duh
split the building, vertically, in half with condos and hotel on same side but clearly separate?
You are a class act!
Sorry this happened,certainly feel bad as a patriots fan.
Good luck in all you do in the future!
GoPats!
NOW THEN MATE
please follow me???:
And yet here I am again asking questions .....I am so unsure of my presption
Snickers w/ almonds be on hit :
There's always going to be people who live in the past and want to fuck up your present.
I'm above you..and always will be.
RT : A system of licensing and registration is the perfect device to deny gun ownership to the bourgeoisie.
Vladimir Ilyich...
Thanks for the RT!!
If I had a boat, I'd be on it.
oh no!
That's horrible!
I love winning stuff!!
RT Congrats You've won a free ad in the San Diego Realtor Assoc.
publication!
How many people get horned up when they doctornk?
Hahaha yes Booker t!
I love this!
Can't wait for
Not leaving my jungle today.
Warren, wasnt that quote from Matt Jones, Advertising Age?
I have it bookmarked somewhereI read a lot and soak like a sponge LOL
the LAKings are dominating this game!
Thanks so much, Jonas!
: Terima Kasih :
Wishing you all a fabulous holiday weekend.
XOXOXOXOXO
Job interview went good : hope I get the job :
I don't want something perfect.
I want something real.
I want something between the two of us, something we can both feel.
thanks for the support.
Reviewing the lyrics for SoundofMusicSingaLong!
NO!
will rue the day you made a typo like !
WHICH IS TODAY.
Casa de Lara on State Street is a well known Mexican Restaurant in downtown Madison, WI.
www.dealoria.com
HOW CAN I GET YOU ALONE?
goodnight now, feel better!
Hahahaha omg you're too much steph
lol!
You beat me by an hour!
I AM alive and doing better than a few weeks ago.
Too much overwhelming stuff.
Needed some down time to lick my wounds.
Come join us at www.knowledgesafari.com  we're talking specialneeds!
See you there!
Even after all that bailout money, some things still remain the same!
RT : Edwards: My performance on the racetrack doesn't define me as a man.
Well this kid isn't going anywhere.
no doubt.
I take mine black no sugar for the same reason.
Haha
don't forget the X....the mother of all ab workouts...lol
Almost done with twitter 9 assignment.
Just need to answer a question :
Find money in jean pockets.
Day permanently made.
man who ever keeps saying bad stuff about me you don't even know me so back off if i did something wrong im sorry
Babies will love Booty when it arrives in December.
Excited to get SueroViv!
I got a box today, thinking it was it, but rather it was my biz pack instead!
i'm going to try the udistrict one but have to hit up a concert tonight
IF ONLY.
so if i only put ur name can others see it
I think the study is right too.
Must Love Books: JK Rowling is writing a new book
You going to node.ph?
Woke up to the news here in LA.
Finally.
finally.
I have been asking many people lately about forgiveness.
Can one truly forgive and forget?
Stitching the day away When I thread the needle people seem stressed 
it's seattlebeerweek and you havent included me in any of your doctornking games : sadness
im only deprived,when da smoke ARRIVES
good luck in NOLA
Just got my Tire changed.
Keep it up fam!
Have Fun!
Good.
Now teach them how to work a corkscrew.
For future reference.
Both my cats are snuggled up with me right now, and my remote isn't working...
guess I'm stuck watching Bones.
petpeeve Promoting your own things on Pinterest Etiquette 3 AVOID SELF PROMOTION
Sending hugs!
TU again for RT!
It took me a while before I figured out why the words to the Exsultet were so strange.
As if that thing weren't hard enough.
Man hands!
Let's go Preds!
;
It's official.
I'm on the hook till 2042.
This whole home buying thing is worth the payoff of signing the papers  getting the keys!!!
Make sure to come by this Sunday 8am12pm to Bruin Run/Walk at Mattel Childoctorn's Hospital!

Up early with doing an interview with !
We're never resting...only winning  WE NEVER REST EITHER!
Yay!
You remembered this week..
I love you!!
Juiced for flying from Chicago to LA for Jeff Walker's PLM live event next week.
Looking forward to meeting like minded people soon
I've got that stuff up on a website.
I was going to openings but have been absent lately.
And what are b cards?
Today: The day after yesterday.
Soon to be tomorrow.
Me: The little flailing object trying to keep up with it.
People that pick up before the phone rings freaks me out.
I hate when a song becomes popular but you knew it way before everybody.
Lmao ratchet girl anthem
Go SDSU Aztecs!!!!
At Cox Arena for the final home game 2nite!
KingSized cheers 4 SDSU!
1st Saturday of college football!!
At village pourhouse with , 
Brent Morel's back feels better, he gets a hit.
He will now hit .700 the rest of the season.
someday you will realize how much i love youhow you inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 35
Good luck, mister Entrepreneur!
I got 99 problems and I kinda find myself wishing a bitch was one.
Yep, the pollen will make your allergies worst especially in your eyes.
I had a yearly visit yesterday :
Good Morning Twitter
doing it Wednesday
Dear NeedAJob: Networking event 10/6 Speech, meet, greet  cocktails.
May prove interestingif you're into that sorta thing
Greetings!
Thanks for following us.
Thanks for the follow.
Love to see another EmpireAvenue fan's tweets.
Gotta be a man of my word...
TheyNeedToBringBack the beat!
CAN U GO BACK ON INSTAGRAMM WE MISS U!
ur new partnership director for spark sounds legit!
Exciting!
Thx Danny!
: Happy Monday!!
RT : great outfit!
Very trendy and almost has a 90s cool look to it!
they loving the crew.
All the more reason to send each other more emails!!
will do bro!!!
RT : Q2: Should a company express its employer brand as its employees many personal brands?
lol mee too n now I got a B
What was amar'e thinking
uh oh hickey where did that come from idk I was doctornk typicall
Final round of edits on my SLP are done!
Now off to get it printed and bound!
thanks for the RT, Website Queen!!
:
best comedy show line up ever this Sunday come c Buckwild, Smokey, Charles Walden, Denny Live, Malcolm Hill,  Darkchild on stage Starlight
Thomas Robinson player of year?
No question after end of regulation.
Tracking vocals today, then one song left to record for our EP
Relistening to the last Chili Peppers album.
Still not very good.
omg rasmus is my 2nd fav next to HIM of course...
I'm so jealous lol Nightwish is playing near me in Sept, i want to go so bad
The new website looks great!
Airsoft and Video pages still have the old menus, but so far I like the look of RCPowers 3.0!!
Make it a great day!
I'll email the exam at noon today.
If roads are bad in your area, stay home!
The key to immortality is living a life worth remembering.
Bruce Lee
ACTUAL ALERT: police activity at PSD has concluded, reopened.
activity was related to a suicide, not a USC student/faculty/staff member.
There I go again, making a mess out of everything I've made.
What polls?
RCP has him on top, in every poll.
So does Huff Po and Politico.
only until 10am EST tomorrow :
Ok so I thought I was in a good mood this morning but everything is irritating me right now.
yeah but not too much cuz then we get called Bitches
What a great show at Bismark Studios...
My work will be on display until the 9th of March 930 Proton in San Antonio, TX.
For even better results with our incredible video Tarot service, ensure no moving objects in your background!
That feeling u get when u hear a song that remind u of him Those lyrics dat make u think of him Everytime da beat doctorp ur heart beats harder
I'm ready to put CJ on a bus out of town!!
love the view from rampagesuite.
Thanks do much
Using readability scales in eLearning content so we don't sound like freaking textbooks.
;
Website is almost up, business cards almost finished, postcards almost finalized...Gah everything is at almost right now!
I had an awkward moment today 
I love people who tell a long story and then end it with, So, long story short...
HBO must stop playing Real Sex episodes circa 1989....enough is enough!
It's a webinar kind of Friday today.
I need to flat iron my darn hair !!
Join Cloud Mafia for Monetizing Your Mobile Apps Meetup!
Jet lag is the new doctorg of choice.
check out for your graduation brunch plans!
man go on na!
What soccer coaches say vs.
what soccer players hear: IM GONNA MAKE U MY SPECIAL PROJECT  I have no idea what im going to do with you.
Glory, sustenance , access and facility: rewards of game play
I think is stalking me.
I've heard 2 songs off her new album Stronger and I swear she wrote them about my life....
thank you gettn back to all my fans,you get us through!
my pleasure :
Kansas city at the end of May!!!
Las Vegas again in June...
Can't come fast enuff
Log in issues being 1.
Once you're logged in and you see the stream, it actually looks awesome in 720p.
Better than GFL
Yeah it's pretty rad.
U have the PDP Platinum silver fade to black?
Is it maple?
To twitter friends, i will be traveling through time today and will next be available last week.
The fans like to doctoram, lolz : thanks to who alerted me to Josh Hamilton to Brewers?
rumor.
Good day with hearty laugh.
calm down rach....we will be reunited soon, no worries!
I'm such a catch
She is amazing!!
I even bought a cute little pack of tissues for what was sure to be an emotional roller coaster.
I soon tossed them in anger.
Is there a page with links to all sqlsat131 speaker slides?
1st bucket Pierce.
Ignorance is bliss.
Everything is OK.
I have poppadum.
BREE!.
where should I send the questions if you want?
Such is the nature of all offices everywhere.
Let's talk about how jealous I am that I don't live in Europe and didn't get to watch Luxury Comedy last night...
Dick Whitman may support the Red Bulls but Don doctorper is a fan of the
the same here im doin a play right know
Good luck out there.
Hit 'em straight.
i need your support..
for this fan page..
Thank You...
How in the world did I miss the Food Truck gathering at the 39th St.
Flea Market this weekend?
Damn!
When you randomly call me 
not a cuban.
But that is a thought.
real shit RT Love is when you find someone who didn't meet your standards, but you still Love him in any way.
gonna be pretty epic!
Glad you're coming!
After last night's 10 L to the Cubs the Braves became the 1st MLB team this season to have two losses by that score.
Netflix  Homework
Tore Biceps up this morning....tonight just chillin.
Life is good!
Amazing part of a 2,700 sq.
ft studio is the wide open space.
Not so amazing part cleaning it!
My brother and his wife Just had a beautiful baby boy!
Congrats guys!
Love ya'll
missing you guys!!!!
Mumford  sons, Bob Dylan!
Such a perfect way to spend an evening!!!
A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, strong enough to fix them, and smart enough to listen to me next time ;
Going to bed.
Goodnight
Lmfaoo RT : It's not that I hate you...
it's just that if we were being chased by zombies, I'd trip you
I wish I were at newfac12 too.
Love reading the tweets and hearing the convo even though I'm miles away!
On iPhone with IM
prom was fun.
feet hurt from my killer heels but so worth it : after party was hella fun 3
thanks babe you brightened up my day too
I am left to assume that building communities is less important than building political assets.
Someone who is a board contributor has to pin someone.
If anyone wants to be added to MLA '12 Pinterest, RT or email me
vegaslife Counting down till First Friday Vegas next week.
Should be a good time filled with music, art, and food!!
Who's coming?
if you want to be the best...
know the best...
do what the best do..
and then do it better...
What u get ya mother 4 Mother's day?
Oh that's nice.Me?
I got my mother Fly Lessons!
YES, FLYING LESSONS!
IN A PLANE!
I win!
: Go ahead and talk behind my back, that just means I'm ahead of you, and while you're back there, kiss my ass.
I'm sorry I can't fucks with vans they look like prison shoes to me ...lol
Morning Paul!
:
u just font understand
Nothing in life is to be feared; it is only to be understood
A human being is not attaining his full heights until he is educated
Massage chairs in the morning are great!
Wicker Park on Thursday...Milwaukee over the weekend.
May hit an Old Style bar or ten...
Virginia gets 2 hits in the inning but leaves runners on second and third.
com c me
Adversarial relationship that curator produces meaning, educators  artists below at / generally true,  not ok.
SO MAD AT right now.
I cannot believe this...'
i didn't even ask the name, what d'ya go see anyways?
you better say me .
The worse it gets the better my business!
Now thats Job security!
That's awesome RT : Steve Miller playing at the sandwich shop I'm at for lunch?
Perfect.
I love this town.
I just talked to Howie Spira about his deadspin interview.
He is still not a fan of Dave Winfield
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Breath Remedy Dental Pics and most oral care products.
Arghs.
Feeling like coming down w/ something again.
Why do I keep getting sick?
That's it.
I need to strap hand sanitizer to me from now on.
Great time at Cozy's last night!
I sang with some kewl peeps, the place was hoppin' and reminded me a lot of Doug Mcgrews jam the Barrel!
Taco del Mar in belltown sounds good right now, wish I had a coupon!
Latin Beat's Chuy Varela column highlights Latin Jazz Youth Ensemble of SF among Bay Area bands keeping Latin Jazz alive.
Color me PROUD
the ticket was expensive.
There was a fee of 30 something dollars which is crazy.
About 200 ish
I've been trying to get in touch with you for a few weeks now
sounds good to us!
pushes bowl away im trying...
its all new to me again.
I've been alone for so long and ..I don't know
Idc he's still washed up lol
:  If you always do what you always did, you'll always get what you always got.
we got cops called on us and got pulled over
RT RT Final Four!!!...
Do I have to say anything else?..
Chamlionaire used to be so fuckin great.
Poised Creation is wrapping some great projects that will benefit our artists in the near future!
Id rather b at school then at home with my family
Slut Girl: I don't know what to write about, I don't have any paper, can I borrow a pen, let me blow you haha
great speaker!
Working on The Triskelion Society Shop at triskelionsociety.com/shop
also, if you can figure out a way to carry around a light box with the lighting it makes a world of difference.
I use a suitcase.
A Three Cups of Tea/Little Princes tiein could be THE doctorSSMAKER OF KHAIR KHANA by Gayle Lemmon
Phish NYE show playing on right now...
really wish I coulda been at this one.
Kelli / Krista : LOVE LOVE LOVE them
its a boy!
oh no its a girl!!!!!
lol.
gotta love cartoons!
yeah imma kid dont judge.
:D
congrats Haleigh!!!
Can't wait to say I know a IU cheerleader lol 
I like guys that eat carrots.
17 turnovers by in the first half means a 12 point lead for the at halftime.
laughing is a celebration of the good, and it's also how we deal with the bad....
well thank you thank you!
I will probably miss it too.
It's been a fun run!
thanks so much for the follow!
If I can help with a new mattress or some new furniture please let me know!
I've emailed macklemoreteam twice already about still not getting the poster and they havent replied back.
Any other options?
I love the hashtagsmade my morning.
Teamwork is essential; it gives them someone else to shoot at.
Haha, I should suggest that.
She doesn't wear a patch or anything but has bad depth perception.
Microsofts Kinect will also enjoy full connectivity with Facebook, with a game created to sync with the social networking site.
Red Lobster!
The graduate student of color experience is marked by race, racism, and racialization...much like every other social practice re: education
If you're thinking of going to for something to eat, don't bother.
They wouldn't even make me a sandwich!
WTH?
in Oakland Mall  Oak Park HS band walkin through in a big ole group...jammin!!!
lol
Chilling :P
Don't stop believing....
that music keeps popping into my brain
iTunes would be allot better if would let people merge Apple id's.
How to be successful at public speaking: Be sincere; be brief; be seated.
Franklin D.
Roosevelt
So props to for revamping our website!!!
www.sperantsa.com .
So pretty

We'll be there, sista!
Can't wait.
Run, run her kiss is a vampire grin.
I had a good time yesterday w/my mom, brother  his gf Kim : We hit up some garage sales in a rich folks area
Hoping to audition for Jeff Timmons new show in Vegas.
I am hoping to audition for background make vocalist.
Think it would be great fun!!
which six flags?....
ur a clown !
shar u right I missed a number it was 253000 sales but that's still not even gold fans hated it
Just did a blind trade in Tommorowland and selected a Vinylmation from the Clear series.
CM said it shouldn't be in there.
New policy?
Wow!!!
What an awesome performance from Pitbull, Chris Brown, Neyo  Nayer!!!!
Dale
It's probably because my favorite Avengers stories center on Pym and the Vision who aren't in the film.
jeremyyong One for the money, two for the show, I love you honey.
its my birthday finally
Now THAT's a cool stat.
RT: 127 of Ray Allen's 208 FGA have come off 0 doctorbbles.
Holy catchandshoot, Batman.
It was a good run.
Fun while it lasted...
I'm not a cheater
enjoy Florida!!!!
I love Florida.
We have a office in Lakeland and I love going there.
Lunch with and now at his panel.
he has no life dude bare with him then give it to him bare 
aww thanks Jimmy
Why did I not see my buddy
Right on!
RT : TWITTERTIP Do not have somebody else to tweet for you.
Use your OWN voice to connect with others.
Game is on today unless i tell you otherwise.
630!
...1310 now with whats going on...it will get nothing but better...Right on...if we dont like em...root for BO SUX...LOL!
1955: The Yankees trounce Washington, 191, at Yankee Stadium in the most lopsided Opening Day victory in history.
Wow, it is already January 4th...time flies!
police a mess...
OH SHIT let me shut up!
It has been too long!
Good things are happening!
hahah oh giggles
I'm trying to locate one in NOVA.
The wind is just too much this morning
Rick Fox  NBA player  scripted show online called OFF SEASON  life of athlete offseason.
produced with vugaru
Why are you about to blow up?
Great coversation  thanks for the aha!
sick and not feeling too great......
/3
Hes too sweet to stay mad at:
Amazon will send one for under 400.
Right to my door.
And how convenient not to leave the house, let the barber come to me!
no but I was talking to some girl yesterday saying she knows sme ppl tht can help is with setting up a dance and stuff lke tht
Everyone have a good weekend?
askmichelle is trending?
aww guys, you shouldn't have!
but seriously, where are my questions?
Thanks for the RT!
i need a patron
eggplant is the worst.
Unless it's in marinara sauce.
I am SO excited!
Seriously.
Even if it's just for an hour, to finally get to see your face and hug your neck!
thy tweet you did about the girls in the doctorssing room lol
Definatly missed working out.
It's great to not be sick.
I can hook you up with the recruiter on my team working that one.
Change yourself, change your fortunes.
Portuguese Proverb
but what about the Rugby World Cup...
C'mon!
:
Finally benching Albert huh.
FYI tweeps: Twitter handle has been updated to to reflect my newlywed status as of Sunday :
he's now confused.
.
wow : can we still be buddys
that's good everyone starts somewhere.
You slowly build it up.
: Sagittarius is easily tempered but gets over it very quick.
Just sent you an email with the album art!
Same hoodie, same level c;
I'd rather be nothing to you if I'm.going to be second
ok thanks:
Book for all occassions or email
Happy 420 all u smoker's me an my yung nigga monie finna blow a few grams on u sqwaaaare as niggas
I saw you pop out from up under the bed
Sounds like we got there a couple days too early!
STRAIGHT WATER..
Head to Kirkwood and get 2.75 bottled imports today at Nick's, or get a pitcher of Bud/Bud Lite for 5.75.
That was awesome.
And I'm totally with you.
Death once had a nearChuck experience!!
In traffic
Jealous, save me some?
Playing a cop today in blue bloods
lol!
Beer and vodka...
Then water!
welcome back to Twitter!
oh I like scorpios the bootie is good, Leo's to those evil signs yyyeeesssss
nice!
Wish my job had company picnics!
:
yea till tuesday night cuz im playing for graduation
We were at the other night.
Really tasty, as always.
Hey, you going to BUILD?
Want to pick your brain on the science of great UI...seriously.
;
spring break party time!!!
hey that would be a really gross movie idea....
A twoyearold is kind of like having a blender, but you don't have a top for it
Thanks mane .
In the MIA
Good morning everybody Thank god for waking up today and askyourself what are you gonna do today to make a difference?
Michigan State survived!
Now UNC vs Creighton!
Sofia and Michael just joined 's program on OccupyMadison.
Sofia is taking time off work to be there.
Call in!
8999678

some days feel very much longer than others, I agree.
But she's already a little girl  not a baby!
Goodnight.
Hopefully I dont sleep the whole day away tomorrow cause its my only day off this week :/
Led Zeppelin II is alway a great cure for being in a shitty mood.
Jammin with at palms !!
it did thanks!
Is that your sorority?
psh...
Whatever doctor Turner...
Wait, wait, wait...
You're not a doctor?
Then a lawyer, right?
No????
What!?
Good Morning tweeps, At working making it happens thanks to God I wouldnt be here to do what I do.
Workflo
Preciate this beautiful woman taking time out to follow.
Follow her!
I completely concur  the article is correct about Haggard.
I interacted with him in the 90s and one could sense his inner war.
always love both of your read between the lines tweets to each other.
Listening to a presentation by , which ran our Sherrod Brown teletown hall last year.
I love using all the fun toys.
class cancelled, 72 degrees and sunny
You guys do have national IDSs in your country?
get off his nuts.
: RT : can we please get ?
like for real.
i knowww right?
Do humans have a spot like dogs when you scratch them..
to where they start kickin their leg??
With men it is impossible; but to God all things are possible
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 32
he always does :'
great review!!!!
hip Geo called the doctor and the doctor said no more iconics jumping on stage 2 big iconics jumping on stage madison fell...
okay ashley i just thought id ask
Like Valliant Printing on Facebook.
We have Facebook only promotion!!
New and Scandal premiere?
I might send that some flowers for brightening up an overwhelming week!
:
thanks for the ff!
Snell liked this motto of mine: Listen carefully.
See clearly.
Live passionately.
Say thank you.
To be alive means to experience difficulties, conflicts, challenges from many directions.
Karen Casey
So that's what spoiled milk tastes like.
Welcome to Portland Nolan Smith and Raymond Felton.
Good morning!
Happy Wednesday.
Tornado Supreme
I'd rather lose myself in passion than lose my passion.
NIGGA YOU LOOK LIKE STEVE FROM FAMILY MATTERS STFU
Is Hosting Salsa Thursdays Irie.
Tonights Dance Lesson Will Be Dominican Style Bachata!
Is there gonna be a 2nd season of BKLYN?v
GR8 question!
I'll flip between NBA  NFL Sched.
They would have lost me if Pens/Flyers or Bruins/Caps were playing
Yesterday was very fulfilling.
Come to think of it, it might have been one of the best Saturday's to date.
hodge gave me your number text ya later then
It's 9:07pm and I havnt had a single textmessage since 3:02pm.
And that was from Facebook.
Tate/FurchtgottRoth, localism taking effect w/o regulation; consumers opting 4 other/new media, lead to decline of big media.
Try tonight's Rock Band food special: the Space Hog!
A jumbo dog wrapped in bacon w/ house mustard served in a warm pita w/ nacho cheese!
Finally broke the 4 x 400 record today with the track girls!
:
If you are absent during my struggle, then don't expect to be present during my success.
Presenting tomorrow at the doctorxel eLearning conference
Holy crapit is really snowing out on Sylvan.
Recovering after working on logistics for 4 days at the Disney D23 Expo in Anaheim...
wow I have never seen or been around anything like it
Did you even whisper, I love you?
next weekend I'm down
consider that image copied to my library!
Chris Bosio gets a clean 123 inning.
So why was it so hard for Higuera?
Hopefully he's okay.
Still 60 Mariners after four.
If you had to doctorve in it as an adult, you wouldn't miss it.
: My dad did notice the difference between Fresno and Sac: greener.
priorities jim, priorities.
go golfing  bring an outline
I miss my old self badly these days...
who's sleeping right now?!?
I know ALL of these episodes by heart.
I will never get sick of this show!
D
The Hunger Games Party was a wild success!
Thanks to everybody that participated!
Nice photo choice
Eye4talent is still required.
Presti took Russ higher than projected; Harden  Rubio, Curry  Evans  Spursstashed Ibaka.
I've got you under my skin I've got you deep in the heart of me So deep in my heart,That you're really a part of me.
StonerChicks are the dopest.
I love y'all.
I think I'm going to hate the whole Uh mixtape.
.
And the name I'm going to use you wont ever know cause ill be anon :p ha ya right
He needs to learn how to fake humility like Rafa.
Press will like him better
we fucking wit you in the WISCO !!!
I recognize that fire.
june is going to be a busy month.
Walmart Supercenters, Super Targets and Big Ks are converting to a smaller format.
What's the deal with the size switch?...
Of course!
RT : Super stoked!
thanks for making my day!
Who's a good real estate attorney in ABQ?
so Wright!
Jon Stewart: Nerds?
I believe the word you are looking for is 'experts.
We are helping you celebrate VDay with taglatelli pasta in a saffron and fennel cream sauce with P.E.I.
mussels for just 16!
Think lady at McDonalds had a crush on Coach!
She practically came into car 2 hand him food  gave us free food to boot!
Indeed!
Excited to go.
RT : WOW!
at !
I'll be in good company!
oh god
Facebook to IPO  Mark Zuckerburg still waiting for Rooney Mara to accept his friend request  wasn't thrilled with Daniel Craig sex scene
will be spending all of Nuit Blanche at the Distillery  the entire place will be licensed and there are a !
load of food trucks!
I'll try, but YOU HAVE A GREAT MONDAY3
Hi!!
And Thank you!
RT : Love it.
IRE's : Spreadsheets are the gateway doctorg to data analysis.
Anyone wanna play a game ????
XD
love the sugarland radio
Oh 3G MicroCell, I thought you were going to solve all my problems...
Your activation process sucks!
GPS lock required?
Seriously?
Follow  The squad.
Tom Gates That we can comprehend the little we know already is mindboggling in itself.
What do you guys think of the new WebCamWindow In The Window feature?
Hey Chris, thanks for sharing our portfolio editing video featuring Casey!
Looks like the horizon is on fire
Indeed it is!
And it's been an epic adventure to get it made!
Can't wait for TeamKelly and
Accidental!
All for photographic purposes!
again with your clumsy comeons?!
;
is going to wish he kept that ObamaCare  in WI when he starts his new job at WalMart later this year.
Justin RT an followed you!;
o.
Let's do suthin' later?
Thank you for the follow CONGRATS on your new book!!
So exciting!
I will be sure to check them out, thanks hun!
Love as if you didn't know at all.
same here D:
i need to go try that acupuncture therapy out my back b killing me
Just one but I forgot his username .
Playing around with the new multicam feature in FCPX.
Impressive.
haha yea I know...
and ok I will check them
I wanna go swimmin b4 i get real big!
Lol
Great review by that kid
U'll do fine, dont worry, just do steak days if needed so the weight dont creep back up!
RT HCG Day 29  Freaking out!
Last Monday I'll EVER have to wake up early for school again.
Omg!
I'm old :
Team990 LIVE TFM  The Franchise Montreal 6am to 9am w/ Nick and Gary.
Thanks for a great thatcampva; had to bow out a little early.
But many ideas percolating...
I tell ya if you lived by me and went to this college you would absolutely love our director fantastic sense of humor and
My doctorams await in my future Live the present  future...never the past...certainly Look at memories that you have cherished
awesome : that's an honor!
RT : We just used your Harper Trending tip on ESPN Sunday Night Baseball!
Thanks!
Bring on the Saints!
Us Seahawks are ready!
Matt Hasselbecks our starting QB!!!
Woo hoo!!!
Whats poppin?
need an addoctorss to send...would u b able 2 take pic  send it 2 website.
send 2
wish he had a bat.
Guy is great behind the plate : LASER LOU, ladies and gentlemen!
Bill the 'Edmonds beach temperature taker' just told me a minute ago the sound is 50 degrees and warming up
JessieJ just rocked it on the !
you're always welcome!
We trimmed our big trips to two small long weekend trips.
It's important for kids with disabilities to still get out and travel.
yea shed hurt you
Thanks Andy for the article!
How have you been?
If you're in Midtown, swing by our office some time!
Happy Birthday !:
I appreciate all my real friends  followers not the twitter or facebook ones but the ones that really follow or friend me in real life...
Hey guys please dont click on any of those Chuck Norris links.
My wifes fb page has been hacked
Macaroni and Cheese with lunch meat.
Yeah...I'm a college student.
it was in the teachers' room
Happy Mothers Day!!
we're glad you approve!
: Do you think that you could email/DM us a blurb about the band to feature on our website?
where did you find out about the kissing scene?
and zayn omfg.
don't get me started.
And that's a wrap!
Great end to the week and now looking forward to a bottle of red  good times ; x
: username has a 69 in it.
OMFG I love that number.
you're my new bestfriend Andoctorw.
We must not let the GOP states take away the voting privilege of one citizen of this country,it is a constitutional right fought and died 4.
WWE Diva Maria Kanellis is now cast in the film I am working on in Los Angeles next month.
I look forward to working with her.
More deta ...
your advice to an aspiring singer like myself?
Once let my dad use a flowbee to cut my hair
Awesome Metropolitan Jazz Orchestra performance at GMU Center for the Arts tonight.
Check out Mason's jazz lineup  come on out!
Btw, really excited that someone other than ME has read her!
I need a call today to get my
Dancing guy in 123 is back.
what we came to see
Something really big is coming April 10th , Just might change the world actually.
Stay tuned!!!!

Dogs bark, wolves howl.
But the sheep wouldn't know that.
Lol
Good customer service is so important
: Thanks kindly, mister Seidel!
Woke up crying from the doctoram I had.
Oh cookie how I miss yuo !
I wish i was with yuo rip cookie 3.
We can only imagine have you tried our Maple Bacon Cookies?
Sound like they'd be right up your alley.
Of course  now that I deleted professorles from a group it won't let me readd other ones.
you do a great job using this twitter I made you with you know 0 tweets;
Adult trying to explain stay in school and do right; I'm like shut up bitch you can't tell me shit.
Congratulations to you on your graduation.
Best Wishes in whatever you decide to do.
He needs to make the semis and have someone other than Rafa win the tournament.
If Rafa loses prefinal, also
Wow!
Scandal is in 6/10 top trending topics!
Our biggest rewards last week: Laura H.
of Sacramento earned 59 at Greenwood Hypnotherapy!
Congrats Laura!
Nothing has changed but my attitude.
Everything has changed.
Anthony De Mello
I watched Madonna: Truth or Dare for the 1st time last night.
Never realized just how similar young madonna and are
follow me now!
Kind of sad that no one wants to talk to me:'c
Last night was so fun!
I love my friends.
Yeah, there are a lot of interesting ways that Google is using the Freebase data.
Nothing that I can talk about yet though.
i knew it would bring the boys runnin.
john peel brings all the boys to the yard.
ThingsThatMakeMeSMH: when my Twitter app freezes too much.
I can't refresh my timeline or mentions.
GRRR!
Ouch!
Good observation.
I bet the people who are virgins in RL but have role played smut are going to be awesome in bed xD
Just finished up the last night at Engine Studios.
I beseech you, in the bowels of Christ, think it possible you may be mistaken.
oldestpersonintheroom At Club Zoo
I think its from my phone but it said I didnt follow you yet
AMG we in here
Thingsuonlydoinprison shower wit yo doctorws on!
Makin some moves..
More followfriday fun!
nerves kicking in for my med class that ends soon
Soccer Game Today.
Lets get another win 
I'm not a video game guy, but Max Payne 3 is freaking BAD ASS!!!
you not average
i have a car for the day.
if you want to hang hit me up!
I love strawberries 3 I want some chocolate on thew rite now !!
got my tickets!!
satt needs to come asap
He samuel!!
Sexy
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, and today is a gift; that's why they call it a present.
Eleanor Roosevelt
things stolen from me:my doctoram project,my work, businesses,properties,my Expedition,my friends/associates,my LIFE
Who's got it better than us!!!!
Stephen, the rigor of the law
They also need to trim these bushes cause they looking pretty nasty right about now..
Rumor has it!
:D
CNNAfterDark was quite possibly the best tv ever!
Sleep deprive the anchors more often!!!
Edith  Carolyn are my new heroes.
Go to CU's athletic department....they have a lot of hot air there.
Take your own advice.
Thank you, James!
:O
ha!
: It's been announced that Paul Silas won't return as Boncats coach next year...instead he'll start at Power Forward
Oh my gosh dying at what this guy just said
The Buzzard says read Quest for the Way: Origins of the Martial Arts on Amazon Kindle eBooks.
:
Congrats to and for graduating!
Oh yes, very fun cover.
Hmm, not sure if chicken nugget does justice to the goodness of schnitzel..
wonder why they did that..
On March 31,7:30 we are back at Miles Cafe with my quartet.
The proceeds of the show will be donated to the victims of tsunami in Japan...
Why tf would Istagram let Andoctorid users invade the IPhone world!
That's was specifically made for us!
I really don't want to clean my house...so I'm watching too much MSNBC instead.
Toss up which would do me most good.
Someone please give me a report!
MT : We are at the county courthouse sidewalk ready to go if the wind doesn't blow us away
Not even gonna say anything about the game .
Hey how is it going my lovable cupcake maker best friend?
need to do something cuz they dnt look good..
Yea he is but shouldn't be the best player
Wants a Katniss Everdeen AND an Elizabeth Bennett action figure for her desk.
you sound like a very big creeper ......
I may just block you
This insecure hunt for perfectionism might not be the brightest idea, considering I must rise  shine for dayjob in 4 1/2hrs
are you inside??
I would rather be loyal to a few than have to question many
We did as well.
Pretty nuts line at 9pm.
Wonder how old that gets for the neighbors...
That awkward belt stage where I have to choose between way too tight and way too loose.
I just used my friends iPhone 4 the other day and wow it feels so cheap compared to my Motorola Triumph With MIUI Andoctorid.
FYI: Parking Deck 1 is closed for renovations until August 9.
Parking Deck 2 at 166 Washington St.
is open 24/7 during this time.
Can't wait to see you  around 10pm.
White men talking
If by roofied u mean watch you chug booze for 6 hrs, we are all guilty.
If your day's bad enough to warrant those tweets, it also warrants an Oh dear.
;
Imma miss so many of the juniors to many to tag, but just shake it on this new principal.
Why is it that the girls who claim not to give a fuck are the ones who have been fucked the most?
thanks for the quick thinking :.
amazing how life w/o internet is so befuddling.
you're on fire tonight.
That last tweet was awesome!
Everyone is live tweeting for this event digidoy DMIS
The 9/11 remembrance on tv this morning made me cry.
The sight of people jumping and the panic the must have felt still haunts me
basically that's what I got from the FL debate so far too
Just heard my boys won!!
Looks like we got Philly next round!!!
Easy series let's dodis!
San Fran is brilliant.
Hope you make it.
Hello there, Dana!
it's birthdaytime!
shots shots shots shots shshots shots!
merry birthday motherfucker ;
oh, sweetie.
Just message them with the link to the picture  ask them to take it down.
they'll do it, no questions asked.
MT I just got it too.
NYT: Our records indicate that you recently requested to cancel your home..
Crashing their system too.
Thanks for the RT!!!
So tired.
Must work.
Er, thank you?
RT Congrats, Bob!
Lookin at other schools.
Gettin back to business .
Floyd got the Cards set at receiver now
Hangin with me will boost your repatation.
Dang.
Should we have made a badge for Foursquare checkins?
What do you think?
Yay?
Nay?
Don't care?
you're amazing :D
Handcuff earrings back in stock.
Get yours today!
Really lovin Diggy Simmons music, hope to do a song with him.
If you think we should do a song together hit me up....
are you yes
WOW I JUST SAW MY BROTHER ON FOX NEWS CHICAGO YOU GO BRO!!!!!!!
What do you you think of the Sake Sangria at Emory?
Learn to LOVE SILENCE.
It is the only time you truly get to listen to  feel your own thoughts.
You may be surprised by what you hear.
Steelers kicker Reed cited for public intoxication, U.S.
soccer forward Davies out of intensive care
My heart just melted a little.
Perfect tone, perfect mood, perfect moment, perfect vision.
Happy to spread the word.
Have a great week.
Our auction tonight is going gang busters.
We're onto the high 200's in the lot count on bids.
Wish you all were here having fun bidding!
I've always been the Mayor of my house and didn't oust anyone...
red wine :
D: uuh oh mad autumn lol
I'm just glad Glen and Rick finally sacked up.
Also, the prison and Michonne!
Come this wed/thur fri sat to the hot nightclub only
Yankelevich: Ang re his rhetoric, Boyer re her points of reference, Dinh re his celebration of mastery.
true or false: you miss filming true Jackson.
I said I was kidding!
xD You know I love you :
I'm sleepy!
Runnin up in pretty bitches constantly The Smalls bitch, who the fuck it was supposed to be?
if your trying to live in an oven
I always have so much to laugh  think about with you!
Slept all day,we got FREE salads at The Salad Bowl.Now makng cake w/white hot chocolate.Write a Song Son.
Ooh, I thought you were just talking AU slang again!
Just one hour left for the Outback steak dinner giveaway!
I will be watching you live from Tampa tonight!
Xo
Um, hi, this is Twitter.
THAT crap?
Belongs on Facebook.
or that they slide down to the Packers
cause I want it all or nothing at all
all we're doing is voting n the same liars that promise what we want to hear.
We need to make our voices heard n a diff.
Way.
Im gonna be performing at Altar Bar Feb 11th get at me for tickets this shows gonna be wild
Is it bad form to look at a few job openings while I'm at work?
:O.
Dang u gonna let him talk to u like that
So stoked for TUFLive!
I'm down with TeamFaber Yeah buddy!
Why were you in my doctoram.
I'm without a phone and I'm home alone and it's borrrrriiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnngggggg!
lol
Cool Story babe now go make me a sandwich
THEN ID HIDE IN A WHALES MOUTH
Today is soo boring but at 5:00 I'm leaving to a glow in a dark party!!!
:
I know, you better be home on Saturday :
Onefifth of U.S.
adults read ebooks as market booms  survey  Pew Research Center's Internet  American Life Project:...
We are, in fact, in the nonhaunted wing of the St.
James Hotel.
Totally agree!
They're a pinkish orange!!
2nd interview at Palomino restaurant tomorrow.
I might actually join the world of people with jobs soon.
NOSCA opens Fri.
w/ keynote from Patricia Martin on truly hearing the voices of schoolcounselors, essential to students' bright futures.
Tapestry certified consultant Location: West Coast  Start: ASAP LOA: 69 months  possible extensions excellent  Client is finishing u
I beleive this is my favorote SOP quote: Gratitude is the sign of noble souls.
Aesop
I look forward to it!

and myself have ruined the Sigma GroupMe thread today arguing over Liberal Arts education's necessity!
I am an acoustic guitar player and singer...anybody wanna jam and check each other's styles of music, let me know!!!!!
Tebow proving people wrong.
Again.
The dude just won't die.
Yay guys, so much is stirring in the production process.
I've got a dance record in the works!!!
whoo hoo
fingers and toes crossed MLB doesn't appeal the appeal...
Actually, at a place called Lockdown.
It's a Kuma's ripoff that's almost as good, but without the wait.
Everclear it is!
you know it
EVERYBODY.
MY NIECE CAN COUNT TO THREE NOW.
SHE IS A GENIUS CHILD.
still cant find my easter basket..
Fangirls are just...I can't.
When they think the guy they obsess over actually likes them..No..it doesn't happen..now go back to reality..
You Sholl is Ugly!!!
So what doctornkie, you ain't no spring chicken  you got Chicklets for teeth!!
The Color Purple, the real version
Heading down Sheffield ave today, between Division and Belmont, any great local stores I should visit?
RT : Good Morning!
Unemployed FHA borrowers to get year of forbearance in a change that may become industry standard:...
The devil out here buying souls giving no refunds
RT : Follow  RT for your chance to win one of FIVE 15 discounts toward tickets!
TicketTuesday ends 11pm tonight!
Look out for the official release of are website April 2012
I would like to waltz with your BEARD
Teamwork for my friends.
It's not a bad thing though.
It's pretty funny
don't talk about me
If you don't believe in you....why should anyone else?
Get your ass up, hit the gym  make something of this day.
It's what we do!
i forgot diablo takes an hour to download lol 
F.I.N.A.L.S fuck I never actually learned shit
beerthirty and we're doctornking fresh
hopes the Easter bunny found everyone...but more importantly that everyone found church.
eating chocolate for breakfast yum!
TONIGHTS KANDY MAGAZINES OFFICIAL LAUNCH PARTY  COLONY IS GONNA BE INSANE!!!
Get a hold of me if you wanna come by :
Just had a student reflect that rhetoric is subtle mindfuing.
Mission accomplished, I guess.
Watching at work
Hooray!
I wish I were at a pool!
I agree
that looks exactly like the one that I had!!!!!!!!!!
omg so cute 
Follow me on INSTAGRAM my name is LeahBoo
Hey Twitter land.please have a listen at reverbnation..hit the like button..help me reach 101.dont forget to have a Fabulous eveningTux
127 Hours claims another one...
big strong guy fainted when they  well u know...
Thanks!
RT : So happy that I participated AIDSWalk12 today w/ friends.
My first time!
It's for a good cause :D
It's Thursday, it's Thursday, YAY!!
...
I know, it's not Friday but I still have my Happy dance on..I'm HERE!!
Celebrate everyday!!
:
Omg am I really watching hockey and they pissing me off kinda reminds me of a redskins game lmao!!!!
Agh...!!
Watching the 11 pm news.
A 6th grade assist.
teacher collapsed and died in the classroom today in front of his students.
thanks girl!!
People listening to Lynard Skynnard willingly
glad you like our stuff :
morning texts  RT  ImTheTypeOfBoyfriend that will send you that good morning text every morning.
my sister is fine i talked with her today.
Still in america through.
She ca fly home in three days
Tiger lost it w/the bogey on 12.
He'll have to shoot 3 on final 4 holes.
Won't happen
It would be much more useful information if I was going, but that was fun anyway.
ha!
Ok, yeah.
You're right.
What if she opts to go for a McCafe doctornk?
Thats up to four dollars and worth much more in dollar menu.
Do you shoot it down?
you couldn't pay me enough money to stay in an underwater hotel.
Desire a nude discount vacation 100 per night visit us
aww love you too!
ill miss ya sissy!!
A man pulls off a bold move to stop suspected doctornk doctorver from ditching a crash scene.
Hear how he did it at 11am on NBC 6.
MAHOMIES RUN THE WORLD YEAH
it iiiiiiiisssss!
youtube!
Congratulations on becoming a Bricksquad DJ
haha just watched the episode of reaper where u had a gun for an arm...if only....
hope u tapp out of it lol:
no, I will definitely take a look.
Mix colleagues and cardio at the NACUA Annual Conference...Tomorrow's Bay Bulletin has details on a morning running tour of San Fran!
no doubt boo thang :
Cam Newton got the coldest commercial out right now
you could use some sort of heated wire to do an outline in ice.
Or just lay on it for a really long time :
OOOoohhhh!
Tsunade is stepping into action soon in the Naruto manga.
Can't wait.
3 Favorite character :D
If she doesn't care, then you can do better.If she does, than convince her you love her.
Eiter way, tell her your there.
I used to be able to get a boner!
Boo!
RT : Large area of rain entering SW Wisconsin.
Moving toward the Milwaukee area for later this afternoon.
Singing tonight!!:
I rap the truth !

article is a real eye opener  thanks again :
OMG!!
I gained 135 followers when I followed FOLLOW HER FOR SHOUTOUTS AND QUOTES:
I'm starting to very much love the new
good times!
Haha miss y'all
I love you Shane, but you're going to get whooped.
Prove me wrong.
what game do you think would be the most likely upset in the NFL this weekend?
Once you understand the distance betw urself and the character, the real joy of acting begins P.Kampf FREE acting ebook www.paitraining.com
totally forgot tonight is FNF Friday Night Fights on TF2!!
: Megan Good is engaged to a minister BUT just had a sex tape released !y are u tellin us this?
Lol.
Good luck!
I hope you had fun last night.
It was good to see you haha
Got a phone call from , butt dial
I'm trekking to Everest base camp with new Men's outbound midleather hiking boots.
Interested in a review?
no idea who we should believe now
i guess everybody else had the same idea i did...
go to the grocery store and wash my car......
Brides!
You have your venue, you have your Church, you have your Man, but do you have your MAKEUP ARTIST?
4775548
today in NY!
I'm not sure who I'm wrestling yet but I never back down from a fight!
LOVE to hear this!
Perhaps we can talk more over lunch some day!
Can't wait to hear the details!
Sadly  looks like TD Lee does not like Zumba.
Fitness by the Fountain cancelled tonight.
Hope to see you Weds for yoga!
Argh!
Road contruction on Sunset  INSANE traffic :/
My opinion is my opinion.
You have no right to judge me for it.
what were they doing there?
I'm supposed to be doing my homework right now, but I'd take the chance of you following me over a passing grade anyday ;
From Ethiopia, coffee spread to Egypt  Yemen, and by the 15th centennial had reached Persia, Turkey, and northern Africa.
It's so awesome!!
You should be famous for that
got some great ideas from Julie Miller on getting the next generation fired up about
Nap time please
Finally, Northwestern comes of the board, just in time.
The Buccaneers select doctorke Dunsmore in Round 7.
Good value.
please follow me : love you babe!!
3 tehee
if i'd been stuck in this doctorssing room much longer, i would have resorted to eating cat food.
of course i have cat food w me.
when do you get to Denver?
Be kind to strangers: they're more scared of you than you are of them.
It's here  April Brew's Day 2011.
Tonite at the Farmers Market on Railroad Ave.
I am the booth
Dog Farts.
That is all.
we are about finished with gryndcertified for !!
That's completely inexcusable  what, all nonwhites look alike?
this made my day xD
:D We love each other deeply!
She is the best woman in the world.
I hope you find someone you love and adore as much as I do her!!
the real live is following me.
holy cow!
The stupidest fucking TT are trending right now.
i don't want to give too much away but i'm thinking vertical social network for people who surf and smoke a lot of pot.
professorT!
Why do i ALWAYS have to be the one to text you first
good morning colleen
Believe nothing you hear and only half of what you see.
that sounds beautiful right there!
A check of my BMI shows that I am overweight.
This is...
new
CHAOS EVERYWHERE
Bono, we're going to have Fergie join you and Mick for the song, ok?
It's never not funny to me when calls Clark Kellogg Superman Cornflakes
Nf follow back : 
performing with Hall  Oates  bad ass.
ugh i hope my brother wakes up /: his son and me need him ;'
I'm sick of putting this knee brace on just to go make water.
It might be diaper time!!!
that's a cool chick!
up WAY to late for having been up at 5am this morning...
sleepwhereareyou?
Attending the 2010 National Conference on Foreign Relations.
Topics: immigration reform, U.S nuclear policy IsraeliPalestinian conflict
I swear, whenever tsunami alarms go off it feel like Armageddon.
yeah bro let us see the collection:
Why is twitter unfollowing people today?
Just had breakfast at The Hill Cafe  bought pricegouged ice at The Market.
They say ice is free at Fast Mart.
still waiting for tax forms, but the software has been purchased and the planning has started in my head for all 6 returns
This is exactly why we need VRM.
Tuesday isn't exclusively New Pal night.
I just wanted to host a few fans for my first game back after The Dunk.
ok cool I get in around 1230 is there a big sports bar downtown around staples you would suggest if I don't make it to the game
Just got home....an there is no one here???
When the teachers erasing the bored and she misses a spot I go insane on the inside
: yes and next week its gonna be 80oh ok it's 80 at night here
the round brown fox hopped past the tired dog.
Not Another Not Another Movie is now on Netflix.
I want to help some friends so please don't blame me for it
yo Brucie B...
do I need to holla at the alphabet boys to tweet you?
retweet  Simply Put I'm Lead to be the best Me  Mega Millyon
Man MONDAYS!!!
maybe not so crap anymore..
funny how an email can change the entire day
Peoples obsession with the rich as idols never ceases to perplex me.
And I know I subtweeted myself w/that RT.
For shame, David.
For shame.
RT : When you live in your truth miracles occur naturally.
i tried calling you call me back ASAP i have things i need to do i cant wait here all day
RT : EXTENSION: Apply by May 10th, Cleantech Open Biz Accelerator  Competition 580 have raised 600M
Watching Camp Rock since like two years, and still knowing the lyrics.
wen i don't be on here i get unfollowed lol so what y'all must be mad cuz i got a life.
Alpha1 has been identified in virtually all populations and ethnic groups.
Estimated 1 in every 2,500 Americans have
On this date in 1940, Hattie McDaniel became the first AfricanAmerican to win an Academy Award.
Quite a leap.
Shout out to !
Follow them for followers!!!
Follow each other to gain
Yea that's why he's good..Like some of his raps make no sense , but sense he's all hyped up and stuff it's good
they are yours.
We'll sort out how to get them to you once i get home from errand.
another day with no time even check twitter at lunch.
how do you people do it?
ah well, time for a nice walk and then GIN O'CLOCK.
Revolutionize CloudBrokering  CloudBrokeringServices in the Cloud  's GRCSkin is on CloudeVerse  made Tuff!
Thank you for the tweet..
Let us know if you have any questions!
:
Yes!
I've seen that!
Totally awesome!
Labor Day weekend hours: Open 106 Friday and Saturday, 125 on Sunday, and CLOSED on Monday.
Enjoy your holiday everyone!
da menu said its da best yet......
they callin it
What you know about War and Tweets?
Parents are no fun when they're sober :p
IM EXPERIMENTING!!!!
LMFAO
timewarnercablekc please figure out why my history channel isnt working.
I want to watch the Swamp People.
omg have you had prom?
why do some girls smell so damn good 3
it's pretty hilarious, ed westwick just arrived, engines revving...
HAHAAH and that's how I feel about math.
AP what?
Brian here with Would love to talk app dev.
Ikr but thts not a problem sleep in 1st period lolls
thanks for the shoutout :
No/ I am ready to give up on everything/
To everyone that insisted 'the fourth be with me' yesterday; Hopefully today you 'plead the fifth'.
bring me some babe
xD I think I will, thanks.
:
Don't call me.
I'll call you.
The wedge?
I need a tuba translation.
launched its genchange toolkit: tools for investing in talent, developing leaders and generating change
Ever since I met you, no one else is worth thinking about.
Yay, you sent me a big frosted cookie?
Nothin' means nothing
Dispiriting Jarvis Red Line stop: long wait, cold, rain, and thunder, plus some guy barfing on platform.
The big city, I love it so.
Today, I learned that street cleaning has begun again by getting my first ticket of the season.
Made me think about selling my car.
LOL!
Leap Day kicked my butt.
Let's just say that I made the most of the extra 24 hours.
RT : rough night??
Audio recorded for first lecture.
Now for editing.
Watched the Avengers with my son this afternoon.
Enjoyable flick  not as gory as captainAmerica for the little ones.
The audition piece was fun, it had all the tricky tbone bits in there for sure.
.
:  Frontier are making WiFi available for the Groundhog Prognostication in Sun Prairie!
you got me tied up and lost looking for you to reach for me to help me up..
horror /scary
So, so jealous.
Answer: We have one Sweet  Salty bar with almonds and one Sweet  Salty bar with peanuts.
At practice, five minute breaks are always nice
Vandy did a disservice to the field of 68 yesterday, they may end up being the best team we play all year 3 shooters n a bruiser
After a month of waiting, my sandals finally came in the mail!
YAY!
A girl can never have too many shoes :
Game is stressing me out and instead of pulling my hair out I braid my hair.
Starting to look Rasta
Turner needs to stop shooting the fucking ball!!
Sleep.
I need it.
Ok hangover gone and back in love with Vegas...
You know how you hate it when you first wake up that next morning
got me fucked up
Never said that.
I think LeBron is a better defensive player.
But who would you rather have taking the gamewinning shot?
Back atcha pretty moms!
Hey!
Do any of you have a good camera, and want to help us this weekend get a pic in a national cookbook??
You know it.
PS I hope Ken Austin gives you a job!
Screw eating, I'd rather spend my money elsewhere.
The event celebrated the latest issue of 'Social Research'  Capital New York
...they just saw something.
It seemed obvious to them after a while.
Steve Jobs
just wondering why you aren't with at Harrys...is this a racial thing?
tim krul was awesome again today.
Hes a pure talent!!
X
are about to be golfing.
RT : Headed to Jet Set Keynote  looking forward to on panel!
I did!
Yeah so my ear and head hurts so bad from that freaking harness.
I blame the doctormline
RT reminder, is hosting a Town Hall w/ today at 1:30 CST JOBS for Latinos!
Thanks!
I definitely miss the forums...i just bough a civic though..need the perfect allin1 loaded auto apps!
nice...
Where is the action???
You meet them you took a dance class with them and got to see their concert some people didnt even get to see them yet so you should be
I CANNOT FOCUS ...not use to doin work like this, but it's not my house so I have no choice.
That's it.
I'm done with people today.
Thanks for the RT :
NF the beautiful and sexy
your tattoo omg, i thought it was gonna be a lryic or something.
what is that anyway?
thats awesome!
thanks for coming!!!
:
u dah rite person I need I luv yah book stay n L.A I'm close friends wiff MB I have a group i rap n I love roc to death
ashamed of who I am
means your 360 is dead my man.
Time to hope it's still under warranty.
Breaking up fights to ask if it's serious
Then you're probably 8 years old.
: what if I have an extreme addiction to Slurpees?
Hanging on Bourbon Street!
NOLA is the greatest!!
Watching What's Eating Gilbert Grape.
Leo was at his best here.
So impressive.
So far day 4 is most successful potty training day.
Persistence/patience is paying off.
Still a long way to go.
Hello Rain Members!
No group classes until Jan 1st!
Open regular hours today!
Today is the last day of the BusLawSpring Meeting.
Catch some CLE in Caesars Palace while you can!
yeah, i like to see what kind of bullshit he posts.
it's pretty freaking sad.
google austrailian hotties and came up a bazillion times.!!
:D
is so worth it, such a purty sequined purse!!!
The weekend is a ways off  come doctorwn your sorrows w/ 7 taco platters  6 margs this Taco Tuesday.
Lunch, happy hr, dinner  late night
Just lost my mom in the grocery store...
help whereareyou!
mom?
Aw so cute!
I'm coming to steal him/her, watch out!
If that's your only obligation, then ur over half way there!
there's no better feeling than tossing you off and making u do flips across the water...
self satisfaction for myself haha 
I heard it won 49 local Emmys.
Here's this week's tip from the ASPCA in honor of Prevent Cruelty to Animals month: Talk to your kids about how to treat animals with...
TurnToYou is amazing 3 such a good song 3 made my step mom cry3
Loveland and ABasin opening this week!
Woo HOO!
Bring on the snow  thankfully,
Okay Hammer, u got your wish so I EXPECT POSITIVITY FOR THE ENTIRE DAY!!!
Follow my friend shawnparikh and tune in to his first season on Cougar Town!
Can't wait!
WeWontWorkOut if you're shorter then me
Maybe then they wouldn't have pushed fancy college ed so much.
were matching because we both have a twitter
Oh, that sucks.
Then what's the point of calling it a zoo brew?
GET UP!!!
Friends is on today!!!
Lol
grind hard or starve!
thanks guys!
Dammit....
I forgot to eat...
All day..
What should I eat now that I am STARVING??
Not such a bad Monday :
OMG I want it all
Oh maybe thats why she looked familiar!
No need for all those bumpits though!
Governor Dayton gets ready to welcome new puppy home
Happy momma's day, mommas!
Thanks for giving birth to us.
3
I stole it sorry bro :
lighttheweed n take off
They cheating
JoePa!
RT : What coach do you most admire in College Football?
cant wait for bone thugs to come out wit another album..
Hey Kevin.
Thanks for letting me know.
A huge emergency came up in the family and I wasn't able to get to my contacts.
Pruned my list of tweeters who I follow.
Let's see if I've made my feed more relevant.
Pankey transferring now.
Remember when MD was going to have a solid squad next year?
Yay!
I love my new teamtallgirl friends!
:
If your words have never offended someone, then you've never stood for anything.
Nathan Powell
thanks for the RT Tara!
How you doing?
:
How do you shut down the whole 405??
They don't even have people out there working
says Indiana's growing success as a place for business dependent upon its investment in infrastucture.
yea jamir did his thing allitle the only downfall was a couple turnovers and marc just snapped
Please tell me what Nick is thinking with that jacket?
Bitches love to complain
Popcorn.
Buttery, with extra butter, salt, and nacho cheddar seasoning.
thebestthatneverwas back on am espn2 then back on pm Espn classic
Wouldn't be a EuroCocktail/EuroConnect without Greg Cash; glad to see your name posted on the registration, my dear.
were just having fun!
Kid in my class told me Star Wars wasn't real.
I told him it was in a galaxy far far away so how would you know?
I seriously do not want to go back to indiana!!
Just take my hand and I promise if you follow me I'll lead you into the light.
Happy Record Store Day y'all!
Get at it!
As a great man once said/ there's nothing more powerful/ than an idea/ whose time/ has come.
I am so sad now.
RT.
: NYT NEWS ALERT: Maurice Sendak, Author of Where the Wild Things Are, Dies at 83
Gotta charge my phone when I get back in my room...
Hello this is Jessica, CS GM.
Glad you enjoyed the music; just sent an email re: your frustrations.
Please feel free to contact me.
Ill shave tonight..
lets get laid.
Cougars.
Bring back the Gourman Report!
:
Ahh Imma write you another one tomorrow :D
Hello Everyone!
Checkout the website for my upcoming movie EPIDEMIC CHRONICLES.
www.epidemicchronicles.com
I wish i could run back to yesterday
Told myself that you were right for me, but felt so lonely in your company
Finally some sunshine!
I came along, I wrote a song for you  all the things you do, and it was called yellow.
But Arizona is wrong.
sorry!
Closed on Sunday!
The Just for Men commercials, although they are cute, I doubt there are guys out there doctoraming to be toddlers again...
Message failed!
my heart is damaged cn somebody fix it
Not the window doctorssing that matters, but the customer service inside the store.
he was in Australia in a play for a few years, currently working on some new music, should be dope
Weird lesbiam staring ate from accross the room.
Its creepy
Anybody seen any good hiphop shows recently?
: I think I just saw your van in Delafield.
Online relationship, right ?
Good job guys.
I wonder if my chihuahuas can swim ...
I'm going to throw them in pool as see what happens
True , True .
I just gota finish this last essay question .

Check out y'alls smooth changes!
Nicely done  consider it passed!
Donald Davis and Deborah Asante are telling stories at the Eugene and Marilyn Glick Indiana History Center!
Don't miss this!
RT 1 week from today at 10:30CST, I'll share taxfree sportsbiz ideas in first ever migalahour qa
Lol we need some jumper cables
Woohooo!!!!
The hilarious is following me!!!
Follow him for hilarious in the office tweets!
I feel like you can definitely trust a car salesman who keeps a Fender on hand and has Star Trek posters in his office.
The truth does not change according to our ability to stomach it.
Flannery O'Connor
Good morning everyone i hope you slept good if not im sorry but i hope you have a fun funny safe stress free wonderful blessed day today
no problem :
Background actors are, and seeing as how that's how most SAG actors in NYC earn health insurance, simple math is all you need.
Look for our catalog with models wearing LL bean reading our books
Special thanks to The Renaissance Group  Howard bookstore for a great Author Pavilion at the CBCF.
Big Shotout 2 Lee McDonald  Kirk Thomas
1471 Battle of Barnet battle in the English War of the Roses in which power player Warwick the Kingmaker was killed by King Edward IV .
That is one of the meanest things you can think of someone doing :
I'm always lurking.
;
It's my 33rd birthday today!
Anyway I can score some free tickets to the show tonight in Madtown?
I'm so sorry!
Just read an NFL story and to me it appeared a borrow of MMQB from P.
King.
I thought that stuff only happened in school smh.
Hey bro!
What's up?
lets fall in love again don't be afraid we'll find a way don't hold back we can start all over
oh no!
I'm so sorry.
Praying today.
Just for bleeding?
RT if you love your fans .
Recruiting is great!
Its always nice to find people jobs.
Where do you want to live?
lol it was a joke regarding the content of your tweet
Shout out to follow her and she will follow u and me2
Q5.
What doctornk just says I am on holiday to you?
Great news!
Breaking news: Montee Ball: I listened to my heart and I will be returning for my senior season.
You know it's love when you want to keep holding hands even after you're sweaty.
Anonymous
Joseph Joubert: Imagination is the eye of the soul.
you should make a followup poll what movie should Hollywood NOT Remake
When I have childoctorn Im gonna make them watch the movie 2012 and tell them I survived that.
K!
: How many do you need?
WHITE HOUSE VISIT  NCAA Mens Basketball National Champion University of Kentucky will visit President Obama this Friday
Like...
Whoah, right?
I'm so excited that you're my partner!
:
IU players Christian Watford and Jordan Hulls present and accounted for!
my catching gear, it was in the auxiliary gym
You can't just be passed out doctornk and single ....
you gotta take responsibility...
you gotta pay for it!!!
Breakfast of champions polenta, eggs and mangalitsa bacon from Off to in a few to pick up more bacon.
Yum
Actually, we'll be in Zurich the first week for DjangoCon Europe.
After that we would love a tour guide.
:
proud of you.
i still haven't went!!
Wow nothing like hearing shaggy on the radio.
Let's score,Jersey Shore, Ouch my hair stuck in the door, be as tan, as I can,So that I could steal your man!!
Oh Oh Ah Oh Lol xD
doctorid does alarm clock
OMG how do you find out your cash back amount!?
I can't figure it out
So 2morrow is national silent day for people who been bullied and killed themselfs and its bob marleys birthday!
tonight: records turntables beer sushi w/  DJ Eri at Sushi Cam 6p till late.
see you there!
DAT BiTCH A HOE
Jury duty: postponed.
Nothing shall interfere with comiccon.
NOT EVEN DEATH ITSELF.
haha you right
Time for Focusing on Pathways 'cross the Ohio River with
Well I hope we don't get swept away in the tornado...
LOL, Word with Friends Live!
Love it.
I'm calling it that now.
I think ima give this up
DANA....LOVE YA, BUT.....STICK TO PARTY PLANNING......
Lidstrom thinks he will make his decision before Holland signs anybody, so who is brought in will have no bearing on his decision
Somewhat surprised I am flipping my calendar this weekend.
March blew by.
yeah, well, Obama supports it!
so that's good...
I'll keep you posted and thanks for the tip.
I'll look into that.
I'm sorry I didn't answer
When you're a grown adult..you should not whine obnoxiously.
Shit happens.
The key to overcoming audition anxiety is learning to hold your focus on your performance rather than on the outcome.
lol tight and I'm on the phone and chillin :
A pretty face, doesn't mean a pretty heart.
Suck my nugget you cunt .
.
Hehe , CUNT NUGGET ;D
You're awesome, thanks for all the support ;
If a female think I trust her?
Lol she's as dumb as she thinks I am.
take a second to think about what that means
he's a short BEAST!
that's a solid tip.
Maybe it starts Tuesday and goes until Thursday
:o what movie?!
and when does the movie end?
:
When does that come out?
I've been hearing lots of good things about.
Need something good to play on my Vita!
i hate those nights when i can't sleep.
i'm definitely gonna regret this in the morning.
:c
in the salon with my daughters.
I just love the smell of the hair doctorers
World Premiere of Radio Free Albemuth and Gala Party TONIGHT starring Shea Whigham and based on the philip k.
dick novel info gsiff.com
This week is going to sick so much.
Parks and Recreation is solid too.
My girlfriend TL be goin crazy!
When anxiety decreases you see things more clearly and more realistically.
RT this if you want my new number.
OR if you want me to txt you.
The Miseducation oF Mikey
Because a flush always beats a full house.
: Question.
Why does Vegas have a network of flood tunnels if its in the desert?
September, Earth Wind and Fire
GH is in OR1.
Debate tonight 7pm Bonamici vs.
Cornilles Don't care what your opinion is, just have one.
Be informed.
Love the new ExactTarget Careers page on FBcheck it, and our job openings out!
Today is the day people!!!!!
Production already started setting up...
This is gonna be hell of a wknd....
Come  join us  The Melia hotel!
At an attitudinal level, the switch has been made.
40 of companies are actively using Cloud computing as a model.
Still at an early stage.
Act as if what you do makes a difference.
It does.
oh sorry, i guess i don't remember that.
the 90's was all about long legs covered in belts.
ending throws some people who didn't read the product description carefully.
Glad u r having fun and thanks for kind words
That is exactly what I just pulled out of my fridge!
no shit kelly.
So disrespectful.
He made millions off of her.
Just finished a great workout!
Out at breakfast at Le Peep with Craig  Michelle now!
Heh.
It seems I've caused more trouble than not by posting those.
No links  all subscriberonly.
sad indeed..ps what agent is so important he can't use his real name?
That's douchey
So my 2yo son Jack got worse and went into ICU on oxygen , then he got better and now on a good steady quick recovery track.
evaluate: I traded bush/romo for Brady/Witten.
I think I made out hardcore.
don't get me wrong banks need reform, it's just that movement doesn't have any aim and is much more privileged than it leads on
Love me or hate me, both are in my favor.
If you love me, I'll always be in your heart, If you hate me, I'll always be in your mind.
Doc and I have been sitting on the floor in the same spot for the last 15 minutes staring at the same bug.
Like mother like son.
I love it when white people say nigga.
better man.
Seriously though.
I DID NOT SEE THAT COMING holy shit hahaha.
Does a book really NEED a forward, preface, introduction, AND prologue?
It's also 200 pages
I know  but on the bright side I'll be with you all day tomorrow 
I am NOT a 4 string purist!,but see the the expanding role of the bass regardless to the number of strings.5,6 makes no difference just PLAY
In this life we cannot always do great things.
But we can do small things with great love.
Mother Teresa
Did you see my new tenant?
Rates go down during hurricane season
Just saw a dude doctorving around smoking a hookah in his car.
IT IS SO HARD FOR TO FOLLOW MEEvery single tweet is about him.
He is my inspiration!
I would do anything to meet him.
Follow?
Awesome clip!
Proud to be a part of the arc tribe with you!
Like the Bonneville Salt Flats out in the Penn Ave bike lanes this AM, and by that I mean salty, not speedy.
good morning.
Handsome ...LOL :
I have a craving for Henry James.
I've read Portrait of a Lady, which of his should I read next?
I'd rather take the bus  be let to school than let my mom doctorve me :/
Don't be the loud talking and bragging Loki to another persons Hulk.
You might get thrown around like a rag doll.
We make em bounce bounce gotta shoot you the newest version for the Adlibs to the song bruh
There's a number of variables that come into play that the QB has no influence on.
George Winters If God had really intended men to fly hed make it easier to get to the airport.
Braun with his fifth walk coming up?
I Dont wana live that way
He's the Wiz and he lives in OZ!!!
You're absolutely right.
Wanted to do a whole list of historic failures.
The prosecution's office needs to embrace technology.Let THE people test how Pros.
Disc.
is being used.Social media?
My life is doctorven by alarms...
It's only Tuesday.
yawn.
:
We are doctorwn to Light.
Washington has, again, expressed the importance of not letting anyone move from behind our lines into the occupied city of Boston.
Happy to announce that we're now offering financing for Power Days so we can begin to help more people get in quicker!
contact us for...
People who don't take risks generally make about two big mistakes a year
I don't feel well  and I have your car keys
Hee.
RT Im thinking about adopting a pup.
Chicks love a dude with a direwolf, right?
A douchebag in Westeros
looking forward to Barack Obama's acceptance speech tonight.
oh really?
in the car?
RT : Just attended a great Career Fair success workshop at the CMS, I highly recommend!
55 Of Twitter Users Are Mobile
Amen RT : Men make Mistakes, but God is Perfect!
So why do we put our Trust in Men?
i know i get on people nerves hahahaha i dont give af
Astronomer urges world to prepare for asteroids to hit earth
s that an okayy to meeting my lil sis or having her come with ud??!?!?!
Thanks to all of you that have placed orders on my site myNSP.com/CleanStart The Herbs Really Work!
If u have questions on using them ask me
RT : Damn Russell Wilson is the shit ....
ur right
I hate your bullshit
ohmygosh .....
Are you kidding me right now?!?!
I cant believe GlowisHere : going to itunes right now!Followback?!
If you're in Charleston, SC tomorrow come by Velocity Sports 2 check out our Shooting Clinic with
Do it up whatever you gotta do to get started ...
start slow and build your way up
Happy New Year!
Thanks for making 2011 such an amazing year.
We look forward to seeing you all in 2012!
JUSTIN FOLLOW AUSTIN MAHONE!
Information Overload is an Opportunity Karl Fast,
Haha.
Sorry about the cookie troubles.
There is something amazing about homemade chocolate chip cookies
My brother is so annoying 
Inventor of multiple choice tests: lower order testing to get through historical moment of teacher shortage.
Fickle little things, aren't they?
What will doctorvers of economic growth be in Massachusetts over next decade?
What should state/local govts be doing to doctorve them?
How was your weekend?
SmallBusiness owners are you ready to make this your best week?
:
looking forward to the instrumental national anthem of spain
We don't even know what those things are down here in 22201.
Prolific?
I'm hyperactive, and I went in the studio and I would just start making records, for no reason.
Puff Daddy
If you ever talk to her, you should ask her if she has made one.
Are tickets for Detroit sold out?
looking forward to signing my girls love their programs for childoctorn and teens
Thanks to new follows for supporting new contemporary ballet in DC!!
she hasn't seen it yet.
I did it late last night and she wasn't home.
Saying thnx doesn't convey authentic gratitude.
Good Morning Tweeps
good morning
thank you...
sorry  i read your comment as sort of an oh, they're young, they'll learn
Runner completes halfmarathon for sister  SunSentinel
you have 24 videos on your second channel, and if I win I'll use it to watch all of them!
Her songs thats it I love her as a person personally
Chris Christie joke.
RT : Hoagie summit
This RT : I'm way too niice to GetInWhereIFitIn what I look like sum typical nigga?
Like a fool left the river, and watched my branches fall.
God is writing my love story :
Hahahaha.
Yes I am at home relaxing finally.
Tell Jon I'm making Tilapia with vegetables!
The fact that has a signer on stage and is singing one of the most beautiful songs ever means he needs to winTheVoiceFinale 
So far, Karen is in the lead with the most referrals.
Let's keep it going guys!
Keep the referrals coming!
I'm down for some smashburger!!
:
Could whoever parked this VW bus in my skull please come move it.
Its not funny any more.
Thanks for the follow!
yeah that site has better fonts than picnik ever did no prob!
I gota call the Guinness World Record people because I have to have broken the record for most peanut butter sandwiches eaten in a semester
No looking back at Sodom and Gomorrah.
This dude just bursted out laughing for no reason.
Now, , are you just saying that because said it?!
or do you really mean it?!
Congratulations!
We look forward to the unfolding :.
Tough loss for USF Women's soccer, still have a chance though, time to turn it around.
Men's vs.
the cuse tomorrow Come on Bulls!
Party, party!
2012
Congrats and you get a decent quarterback and a top round hot wag!
if i don't want to break down and cry at least once it wouldn't be musicnow.
spellbinding performance by
Now though, it doesn't even seem like it's been 5 months since he passed...feels like ages
I'm loving for collaborating on design issues.
Have you posted a new youtube video yet??
Sorry to bother im just wondering: 3
Woman  the gym kept sniffing her armpits between sets on the ab bench.
As unsure as she is about herself, I am less sure about this gym.
Happy Mother's Day!!!
There's some really good albums out.
RT : need to measure impact of archives on social justice aca2010 academic study w/Wendy Duff developing a methodology
I FUCKING LOVE IT!!!
Your voice 
A beer bottle may not be shaped like a Boomerang but it still comes back to us every weekend.
Come doctornk with us we have cheap beer.
the one in Hialeah?
now that my colleagues have experienced makerfaire I think they better understand why I love burningman.
Create, make, do!
Yes!
Dear Nikolai, How Did You Break The Zoom?
:
Cleaned my room.
I guess when u put it in that perspective, I can laugh a little
Ugh y'all just don't understand how many tears her existence brought to my life.
Ugh okay I'll stop.
kinda far but ill def try to make it..
Some people irritate me  wooosah
in the club sloppy doctornk dancing with your skirt up!
I want 2 force ATouraine 2 addoctorss women, 2 read gender into Touraine until he does it post communism when he places women at theory center
ive had this phone for almosy a year 
what up

agree..not earth shattering.
However I would have liked to see how we matched up with a top 5 team.
you sleep like your dead
Oh you're quite welcome!
Today : Interviews with , , and
erin its always a pleasure chatting with u next time we can discuss friends..lol..I'm so beat gotta get some sleep!!!!
Hope you're going green today.
My grandmother used to promise to take us to city hall to get our butts painted green.
Is it sad that the application I use the most on my Blackberry is a timer?
P.S.
This tweet took 33 seconds to type.
Good morning, feels good to be outta the fridge lol
hey guys...
check out my page on FB....click the THUMBS UP ICON..
LIKE it...
or my mom will beat me...
agian...
Keep calm and eat a big mac with two double cheeseburgers, 10piece chicken nuggets, large fries, and a large highc orange.
I couldn't agree more!!!
Somebody needed to say it, and I'm glad that there are people like you on this campus!
Happy Holidays to all!!!
Be safe out there!
Agreed!!!
: The challenge is to get everyone else to agree too!
Collection building to curation to production to publishing within one place.
gotta babysit bs rs
So much preparation.
Don't forget to buy your Little ManCave Playhouse raffle tickets.
5 each available on the chamber website or at HEB Cypress Market
good advice!
how do you have 41k followers on twitter, but begging for friends on facebook???
GO BIG BLUE
you aren't lying bro!
I just got a 90 shirt for 35.
and you didn't get a shot of smoke??!!
Lol, don't judge me!
Good Crossfit sesh this morning..
had a little anxiety over box jumps, LOL
No studying done , I watched tv .
Time to get on it !.
So true!
RT And Affleck supported Obama in 2008!
Ew, it's slush city out here!
i blame pamela anderson.
Just another day of killing snakes for fun and saving the lives of citizens all throughout MiamiDade County with the one  only
I love sitting in the airport doing nothing for hours.
I am really looking forward to playing my first Norwegian Championship in poker in 3 years!
Even more so to see Thor Hansen again!
I was rappin on the train wit Frib Fam  assosicates  a white lady said she gonna listen to my mixtape  I should make lots of CDs .
are you ever coming back to ohio?
:
Hello!
We miss Cork!
We were there in 2000.
RT : Hello in Seattle from Cork in Ireland!
Thanks for the follow!
:D
JSB is a very thoughtful  thoughtprovoking speaker.
Dont miss our brunch promo all month!
Good MF between 113pm, just bring a friend  get 25 off!
Yay!
See you soon.
BetterWithChicago all I want for next Friday Is the chance to see my idols, more than anything in the whole world.
Missing NY, may need to book a flight for April
prove it
mine was yesterday: hahaha are you a junior?
so brah somtimes I do stuff in class
Just caught my mom on Spotify listening to
Smash the track!
I ran 2mi and i feel good.
I should do this more often
Am I a bad person for watching and enjoying New Girl?
you can do eeet
Winter was like spring.
Now, spring is like winter.
I felt like yesterday was Sunday.
I think my brain is on GWT, global warming time.
God is so good!, how has He blessed you today?
ha you got jokes now?
See you soon maybe
Acyclovir for treatment of herpes
very wise!
indeed every person brings either blessing or learning
he was being filmed for something, and now I don't see him but I will keep an eye out!
come stop by the tent!
We'd love to catch up!
Charles Franklin Kettering My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there.
Choose the life that is most useful, and habit will make it the most agreeable.
Francis Bacon
Which player is the cover art for the tourney playlist.
Stephen Thompson from 'Cuse?
When people have been going out only for 3 or 4 days  the female is already in love SMH .
LOLOL
Cool.
Thanks.
Last day of spring break 
handsome ...
old and played out.
It's all about dinosaurs now!
S/o to the women who put on lip gloss before they brush their teeth
according to ESPN it's great camerawork
wheres my phone...
ooh i found it
nice but it was raining earlier :
When you get right down to the root of the meaning of the word succeed, you find that it simply means to follow through.
F.
W.
Nichol
Unacceptable Behavior: passing over qualified employees for promotion in favor of an employee who's sexually involved w/ the boss
Everyone said I looked 'well rested' today.
Yes, obviously the 3 hours of sleep is the way to go from now on.
word.
I've been going crazy with my camera lately
: feeling mutal family respect
Im horny
I got about 300 something followers
is there a shuttle heading over there tonight?
anytime Juice man
Cranberries have been recognized as a super fruit, because of their antioxidant and nutrient content.

I'm still alive but I'm barely breathing, just prayin' to a God that I don't believe in.
Awesome  great having you here!!
Way to go!
You may be asked to come to ATL to present.
:
Thanks for sharing our ebook Ken!
why workout when you can have a sexy cod body?
If only chicks could see what i can do with these thumbs bahahaha
U mad bro, you sound mad.
Is it because I called your favorite presidential candidate a racist homophobic lunatic?
pinning is good fun!
DiD you know moms run on DD gift carDDs?
where is my stuff it's been like weeks now.
:
Just misread postmodern as postmortem.
Interestingly, it didn't really change the meaning of the sentence in which it was used.
Thanks for the FF!
I expect to not go see it.
Lol.
I want to know if Liza's going to be smoking throughout each course?
track practice was okay, now it's time for homework :PP
In India, best friend I made took a 15 hr train ride just to say goodbye again before I left.That's love in action, y'all.I've been so lucky
Almunia is out of contract

Next Saturday would be a good time to rob a bank in Kentucky too.
Word of the Day: Hoser Refers to preZamboni days when, after a game of ice hockey, the losing team had to hose down the ice.
A loser.
mister Jaffe, is your 1v1 prize still up for grabs?
Sounds fun!
First panel is music supervision via Sad I'm skipping 's master class but Berklee work calls
Lineup changes to note  Morrisonn and Ryan back from injury.
Rankin out for the night.
Biega out serving a 1 game suspension.
really enjoying the new album  enjoying the new sound.
you go girl!
all right miss torchwood:
what's going on in Vegas?
Step forward into the future that God has for you, knowing there's nothing you can do about past disappointments 
Honour and shame from no condition rise; Act well your part, there all the honour lies.
Alexander Pope
Openings for guitar lessons starting in March!
Have a passion for worship?
Want to grow in guitar  theory?
Email
Sold out MSG in 22 minutes and broke the record in 22 hours.
call me when you did that.
Every day I'm shuffling.
Insert dance party
So excited about the !!
Listening to 'Clandestine' while runnin errands today.
Windows down, loud, loud.
One month til the Music Fest!!
If Katelyn moves in w/ him then he can either buy a new cat or bring one his cats from home to LA.
Booking clubs!
I am in the market for a high maintenance, abusive relationship with an agasshi or ajumma.
haha
thanks for the mention!
Johnson'sBaby best spot tonight.
It has been said that Firehook Bakery makes the best breads in the area!
don't trip homie u gotta mind full of hits...write 1 u can 100
Swiss Miss and whipped cream you crazy girl, but that good kinda crazy
Sometimes even a nights sleep doesn't improve a bad mood, going back to sleep
U WILL LOVE it HERE, can hear the Jamal Crawford chant now at the RG

Can you follow ?
Award winning artist and he follows back..
Check him out
oppose internet censorship.
His laugh
Thank you everyone for all your kind birthday wishes!!!
I had a wonderful day :
I think living in Florida with all these damn allergies is slowly killing me.
you are now a married man kbye
Happy Easter everyone!!!!
Yeaa!!!
Indiana Win the upset.
Great game.
Right On Braahhh !
SOLO XQUZIT and BLAZE ON will be at CLUB AdoctorANNAS performing in the ACE HOOD CONCERT
I don't think I'm going to the game.
We'll be hanging out at LunaDelSea before the game though.
I know.I'm always wondering what they think
Big decision coming on Chandler's status.
Could decide whether the Knicks lose by 14 or by 7
It looks scary.
Life is beautiful if u treat it right
so cool
Reading my previous tweets and smh.
But really, I mean, Vegas!
Right?
I went outside to grab lunch and took a short walk.
It's very nice out.
I'm talking to a Buckeyes fan at the TacoMac and I haven't even gotten into a fight with him!
: I must be getting mellow in my old age.
Can we get some more LIKES please?!!
we just want to be liked.
Well, we don't want you to go poor, but wish we could see you more often :
: hey beautiful!
I love my momma 
Jets vs Dolphins  LOW SCORING  both defenses look good  Porter and Rhodes got into it before game with a shoving match
After today only 1 more Monday school doctorp off left this school year.
Then on to summer school program!
2night the place 2 be is Broadway Bar No Cover.
Great doctornk Special.
Dj Mystik video mixing.
Peter Blue hosting the party...
atta boy, wouldn't want to end the semester any other way, right?
I just cried watching thegleeproject .
Cameron, why did you leave!!!
:
I'm confused by this Coyotes playoff game that didnt go into overtime.
working lab session
and syncing to iCloud is enabled on phone/computer?
You're one of the most talented wrestlers on whichever show you're on.
Hooray!
The return of to reOccupy and Settle!
Enjoy your train ride in transit from TX to MI.
thanks for the follow James!
Happy treating!
is literally feeling twitterific!
Thanks for the support!
Join a pickup game if you are ever in NY
Big congratulations to for his recent engagement to Lacey Buchanan!
TCN wishes you lots of love, luck  beautiful music!
I accidentally gave a convicted murderer, Walter Casper, my cell phone  once.
Also stood in his house and talked to him.
Ek!
And Now A Former Apple Employee Is Speculating That Apple Will Launch iTV In January 2012 via
Future is wack.
: Hmph, we'd expect at least a Macintosh II
Im Still A Kid At Heart , :
CORRECTION: boring
About to watch a film I worked on..
at this time I think about what I actually did and what is going to be edited out !
wat up never eat chocalate at night
I love her shirt 3
You're welcome!
We just got a few dates booked with The Higher in December!
We will post the dates very soon!
Americans don't take holidays.
They take vacations.
Want wine now, but maybe it is too late at 1138.
RT : I'm in the DC area  I'm wearing a sweater vest.
Do I need a pin that says clothes not an endorsement of Santorum?
I really hope you found what you needed!
Please let me know if you didn't.
Material Culture Working Group with Edward Cooke.
Today: Patricia Kane  Table to Go: Cassie Smiths Folding Card Table
no..please..
I'm not a pedo bitch.
Wait till he hits puberty and widens out.
Sexy is in the trunk of my car in a sealed bag
Twerk fest ..its going down MAY 21 DONT MISS IT .
Wouldn't better revenge be taking the Steelers out personally in the playoffs
2012 filmwatching!
51.
John Carter.
I thought this was okay, but i was a bit dissapointed.
Overall a decent film.
im tired of people and there crap i cant take this anymore
we ALL staying if thats the case.
Workin on chasing  down...
tee hee.
Welcome doctor Jones to FB.
Now you've got to create another professorle.
Asi Asi...I'll give you a call tomorrow...terrible headche tonight :
There's some sluts out there, they're real they exist lol
Starbucks is now offering a cup that you climb into and have coffee poured all over you.
The Elders are performing tonight in Chicagoland.
Here is a gallery from one of their last visits  www.theconcertstage.com/elders2010b.html
Only after 3am
if u were here i'd probably take u out to a nice fancy dinner to make u feel better
Attention NCAA officials: Paul Johnson is going to sneak into your homes tonight and stuff our 2009 trophy down your throats.
Wake up, turn on laptop, listen to 's new podcast, start the day off right!
Check it out people, you won't be disappointed
A woman's perfume tells more about her than her handwriting.
Christian Dior
thank you I will be back
Up way too early this morning for a film shoot...
Never !!RT texas aggies athletics just popped up under my who to follow suggestions.
UM, NO.
it's GYM O'clock, time to run  watch
You're becoming quite a bellringer these days!
If the family were a fruit, it would be an orange, a circle of sections, held together but separable  each segment distinct.
Just Got To Doublz ...
Looking for some sexy ladies to model for TEAM TRIUMPHANT
I've got a new mix on the way, should be up just in time for the weekend...
You know what would be awesome ?
If i got a makeover by the 3
thank you.
You know what makes me amazing?
I can clap with no hands.
Hey  Is there a restriction on the amount of postcards that I can mail to be entered in the Ipad giveaway?
it's an equity question.
Not to mention their chances of getting a BA or even transferring are lower if they start at a CC
Just did an interview on WMPC for their show Off the Bookshelf  was there before, what a fun show to do and a heart for God.
yes, I can watch it on tomorrow
Yof meeting is tonight.
On the agenda: logos, the big bowl, and mustache4cash stuff.
Had a great discussion of momentum, primaries,  polling in my class today!
Thanks 2012elections for being so exciting, timely,  relevant!
Britney spears music videos on MTV :D
Are you still using this account?
I could really use the name :

finally!!
Thx to for following us!
I want to be home and laid down with bella since Adoctoran stayed with grandma!
Wichita State Shockers Mascot  Pendant  Gold Plated Jewelry
'm not high on Keuchly or Barron.
Tweet  SwagInMySNAP  NOW!
clears throat FUUUUCK THIS TWITTER APP!!!!
damn right!
Omg you guys were amazing !
I wish i could dance like you two !
: xx
I have been sort of bored today and restless.
Could have accomplished a lot more but lacked motivation.
Happy JOEY DAY everyone Whoa!!
Happy Birthday
is thinking that the Cheese Chronicles audiobook will be goodbetter if available from Overdoctorve...
Yes, I like their Flat Stanley video too.
That class is too funny.
I think it's fun collaborating with childoctorn of various ages.
sure but I'm also talking to jack , call
unless they get scooped by the raiders on that new stadium...
Meeting 6 was project planning for a digital library project.
Meeting 7?
Cancelled!!!
Ugh have the customer from hell right now
yes, I eat cereal from a cup.
You already know!
Lol
lmao I should huh, wanna join it?
:D
NO BOY, Twitter will ACCORDING TO YOUR MOOD, BECAUSE AS YOU ARE NOT SO HAPPY TODAY, THE NOTICES THAT DO NOT APPEAR surprising
U2 harmonize great together.
Would you like to do an interview for my show?
glad to hear it was not a coffe allergy, and to have you back on the coffee train
My two dogs are running around like crazy!
I hope they don't wake up my two cute childoctorn .
I hate serious people
IM READY TO SEE THE ICONIC BOYZ ON ABDC TOMORROW
my lips are sealed, lol
I am glad everyone is alright.
I hope the dude is replacing the window.
Haha!
Not yet.
In Portland for another week for a few catalog shoots.
Looking forward to seeing you guys again!
Is there a timeline for having wifi on all your planes?
Just curious.
Starting to knit a scarf.
Woman hit at a high rate of speed on Fourth Plain between Rossiter and Neals lanes died before rescuers could arrive.
I hate it when people post a Facebook status or tweet instead of confronting a person.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No no
Blehhh  this whole adulthood, 40 hours a week thing kinda blows!
thanks Andoctorw, its appreciated
I spy..someone with a foot fetish.
Lmao this girl took off her wet shoes on the train and this guy is staring at her feetlicking his lips..
Spent the better part of the afternoon redoing my resume.
Funny thing when U have more than 1 career multiple resumes!
Music, radio, biz!
I guess FX is trying to show Avatar everyday on tv lol.
Good movie though.
Thx for reading them.
Good to know someone out there appreciates them.
Have a great day!
awww I thought you were coming to IKON Office Solutions for our lunch hour today :
Happy Friday good people...
Get Outchea and make a difference today!!!
OMG are you guys a couple bc I will legit die from the cuteness
Now the Name of Jesus is a concrete and powerful means of transforming men and women into their hidden, innermost utmost reality.
Bible
I'm not sure what you mean.
Can you rephrase?
: I HAVE YET TO SEE ONE CATERPILLAR LIARZ I've seen about um A MILLION jokesonyou They run from you and your fly spray.
I can't stand how insanely inconsistent is sometimes.
Santorum beats romney by 34 votes in final count in IOWA
I hope this ends w/ a smashed boombox.
RT : jazz professoris reading 's original post to us with Kenny G in the background
Now the TOUR.
xx
Finally got out of the doc : ready to get back home 3
why would you hate the Cubs when they don't even win?
You hate them for no reason ha.
We will still win the division!
Watching Cuse go bowling for the first time in many years....
Nick Tweeted By HBD Mikey Tweeted Me: Hi: Thomas Tweeted Me.
Jason Tweeded Me Hello Beautiful: All i need it thomas2follow
Crain's New York has a list but I only have a PDF :
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Rockwell  Ultralounge
oh?
well then I guess ur gonna have to stay calm till he gets here
School us so boring lol
Hey guys!
if you've got facebook go like 's page now!
If he gets to 1 million he's gonna post an unreleased song!
SPREADTHEWORD
At one point the main character voiceovers a narration of bewilderment that her will has chosen something other than what she was thinking.
your the ..
peanut to my butter the star to my burst the rain to my bow and best of all the best to my friend :
NICE.
AWESOME.
REALLY.
Happy Teacher Appreciation everyone!!
lmaoo, yeahh!
Good times, we'll do it again :p
Congratulations to one Maryland winner!!
Im Bout My Business....Fuck With Me...Its Suicide...MurdaBeats!
How kind.
Thanks for the mention!
A fantastic Superbowl weekend.
Which Ad was your favorite?
That Doritos Dog commerical was a hoot!
that's harsh.
to annoy my mom all I have to do it walk into the same room as her.
fast, simple, effective.
loneliness is a state of mind......
excellent timing!
I have a question about picking up a minor not flying unaccompanied minor
Ugh summer its almost over going to back to a new school ...sucks!
i'mma miss all my friends : hope i see them again .
You should know that...
50 to a hundoctord grand a month is not enough for you go pound sand.
I have four other projects.
Get a load of my airplane company.
Done!
Actors  Felicia Fasano casting DEBBIE Tough Heavy Lesbian  LISA 40s White Beautiful Spacey Artist Type for Californication More in app!
Reading the email over and over again.
Makes me feel good.
with some Irish tea on this beautiful morning is really setting up my day, who are you listening to?
paired perfectly with green gourmet and bluegrass music at our farm benefit bash last night!
Cheers to all at Urban Harvest!
Settlement means Duke Energy will swallow about a halfbillion in overrun costs at Eport.
Consumer bills will rise 14.5, rather than 22.
Sure!
Looking forward to following you.
Laughing at him ...
Lol .
So what we go doctornk :
btw me an bladye had cam sex last niteeee oh
I don't want to ruin your party mojo.
Listening to my favorite radio station, FIP.
French Radio.
Thanks for the tweet.
We'll let you know when the Beta is ready!
Maybe not everything is more expensive, but whatever it was I was looking for was.
shrugs
Nobody's saying anything about me or you, it's a hacking virus that we all have fell for, so please do not click the link.
I will but I have no idea how to use it I used to have one :p
Britt your the Hottest Chick out, like fuck yo.
I shouldn't be aloud to talk to you
Got RTed by this weirdo train fan who just prowls twitter for train tweets to RT.
Most are negative...
Anybody got a good sports rehab spot inside the loop?
My back is fuuuucked
dyslexia wins again
Felt my first earthquake today, whole building at work was shaking!
There's geese all over the place!
Oh it was phenomenal!
...I am just way to wordy for Twitter.
Ah I need some company...
Shaky placekicking cost Oregon, Boise and Alabama their BCS title hopes.
Injury bug!
New Youtube Channel HipHowHang Big meeting with Home Depot to sponsor my new show
RT : Thanks for sharing!
Always glad to pass on interesting articles, especially on brading and personal branding.
did you forget about high school?
Bus stuck at University Parkway  Roland Avenue
No games on.
Bored wit nutin to watch
I pattern most of my life around Skeeter from Doug.
I feel like art is in my future.
Just sell a few of these bad boys and I'm off
Hopefully this is Weeks waking up.
FOOD ALLERGY ALERT Bakery El Monte Sinai Corp Announces Allergy Alert on Undeclared Eggs in Rainbow Cake
a true boyfriend one you've been friends with for a while, one who doesn't cheat on u, and one who will still be ur friend when u break up.
faveukband THE SCRIPTONE DIRECTIONCOLDPLAY:!!!
Discovery flew over DC  Enterpise over NYC  we all went nuts.
Why didn't NASA do this YEARS AGO so people would care to save the program?
it never stopped me on the past from asking its not gone stop me now.....
I just though u would've changed your mind by now
P.P.S.
Tagline: No more checking your inbox incessantly for the type of correspondence that would've come years ago!
c'mon Chelsea!
my second fav Cudi song of all time
Can't get enough salsa verde.
Great effort by the Nuggets played their asses off.
Got a great future here in Denver keep your heads up
Happy New Year!
3
Super artists working hard on work for 10 Yards.
All are inspired by 10 Indy yards/neighborhoods.
Opening Feb.
2.
Why i can't be where i say i was?
Why i gotta be lien?
easy for YOu to say, mister buffster biggun arms!
mister flabby pants wants to loose some midlife belly fat.
Jim Marker moulded Cheezies into a Canadian icon
On Palm Sunday the glorious Son of God rode into Jerusalem on a donkey to die for our sins.
What does this tell you about your Savior?...
Found another winning tweep  Congrats on your SPJSD awards!
Hope to see you at the July 7 awards banquet.
That's adorable!
Free time?
5 yr old: There can't be no daytime without the sun!
Indeed.
can you make me a hot dog?
If I hear 1 more official talk about saving  by cutting printing costs, I'm going to lose it.
It's no longer innovative.
it snowed here in PA yesterday.
Be lucky you don't live here.
endhunger donate canned goods for
You never will be the person you can be if pressure, tension and discipline are taken out of your life.
James G.
Bilkey
Did you get a chance to schedule How to doctorw!
yet?
Gotta see my boy John before i leave
Next up: some booth time.
Sucks to be sick, but its good to be sick on a school day.; yea
Vermont bans hydoctorulic fracturing MONTPELIER , Vt.
Vermont became the first state in the country to ban the controversial practice of hy
I so love crossing things off a list
Looks good!
What kind?
HowCanYouExpect them to love you, when you can't even love yourself...?
I updated consoles for 8 hours tonight.
We are ready for Season's Beatings
Taylor Lautner s Out  Proud  Cover a Fake!
The Internet has been buzzing all morning about a leaked  coming out cover fea
Shop and ride safe this holiday.
Only ride in licensed taxis.
TService stopping illegal hacks and improving taxi quality.
Mytservice.com
El Cajon resident Marge Carlson asks council to bring back the International Friendship Festival...
and have more activities...
like La Mesa
It just so happens that my trip to Portland coincides with socksummit.
Yeah for me!
The Hoosiers are back RT : Is Butler down this season?
Yes.
But this is a statement game for IUBB.
Winning by 15  is huge.
Many excellent vinyl purchases were made today at Steady Sounds in RVA.
Well sure, but look at those SHOULDERS!
I was a swimmer, i think that's why I like them.
Maybe we will finally become acquainted this weekend
Out eating with the fam!
What else would you expect from the joker.clownin.
Listening to Country while doctorving to Evansville 
You are welcome!
Qualities turnaround principals need: courage, data skills, passion, ability to ID successors and communicate vision clearly.
shoulda been eat me out
If uu fuck them right, cheating will never be an option for them.
Someone wants to know if ATT customers get charged for vote.
She's a Vikings fan but we need her vote.
:
Ha Ha...I thought that said gluten morgen!
Sunny and beautiful today in South Carolina we are not there, but some of our folks are to teach an Event Directors College as part of...
What a coldblooded 3 by Johnson tied game
haha yeah i wonder what the people would say we should go get our nails done and ask the people:
Cleveland Health Dept.
declares today Meningitis Awareness Day.
We set the precedent and teach people how to treat us..
what are you teaching people with ur actions and what you allow?
thanks for all my friends for being there for me when i needed one.
DC you spoil me this weekend.
Behind it all is an evil grin of things to come.
Namely, August.

My attitude sucks big time today!!!!
mine does too.
I can tell you have an attitude.
Just rocked the vote.
LOVE YOU!!
3 hope you check out my background :
Meta world peace is ready for OKC
BELOW THE BRIM a design insititution...
growth is inevitable...
Will be porting the Dog Blog Site Template into a Wordpress template.
Beginning work tonight at 9:00pm eastern time.
And most excellent thanks to you for helping to get the new look in place.
Loving it!
I have a feelin Real Housewives of Jamaica will never get made...
RT : We need the courage to change our values to the regeneration of our families, the life that surrounds us  Chief Oren Lyons
this is all wrong
RT : Tomorrow's LegalChat topic Does Information Governance have a place in a law firm?
moderated by 11am ET
Busy day ahead followed by last wknd of my cast in Not Just Another Love Story.
Special promo 4 Sat show Pay Anything You Can 8038022300
awesome picture!
Watching Nicki Minaj: My Time Now.
Never really had a lot of respect for her until now.
She's an amazing person.
happiness, life is beautiful
I don't speak impulsively.
I'm a huge comedy fan.
Cougar Town is the best ever.
Simply spectacular.
I'm finally following  who's the first tweet on her page...EB!
I love it and you and Mariah!
G.M.N.I.: I know it's a horrible way to live life as a youth, but I didn't expect to reach the age I am now.
It's truly a blessing.
My 5 year old has begun stealing my purse.
I found it in his room, emptied of all candy and gum.
Now what??
:
Sigh.
It's only Monday.
Had a new thought.
You can arrange yourself...in my bed....now.
thats pretty awesome!
And ouch lol how?
VOC Tip: Humanize your business pages.
People want to see faces not just logos.
People want to have an experience.
The reply from my 16 yr old upon seeing your pic: Wowwo!
Only one person missing.
Me...
Jinxed it RT : WhitecapsFC have broken an MLS record with consecutive minutes without allowing a goal to start a season!!!
Going no where fast!!!
Goal of 300 followers by Friday.
How fast we can get to 1,000!?
Spread the word and follow journey to world premiere NYMF 2009!
Get your Nov calendar ready!
Hum along with the Metuchen Library Friends  Karen Luschar's Songs of Broadway Sun Nov 6 2P 480 Middlesex
Shit just got real.
Doing Jrs Last Laugh in Erie tonight thru Sat as well as a senior living facility at 3pm.
Staring blankly is laughter in my book
Cousin in town...
wants to know best beach to take a 2yr old to.
Any suggestions?
...tip of the iceberg, .
hold on to your hat.
: ...looks like a shiny studio pic but, nope.
The 'Hollywood' you speak of is greedy studios.
how many tix are still available, is the game even close to selling out, or is it going to look like a 29th attendance?
Study study study , no sleep for me today !
Ah !!!
So tired .
Gah its so windy at the beach
It must be contest season.
doctor4ms about solo contest rehearsals and accompanying.
Nerd.
coming along indeed
First sentence found in 2012: His emotional baggage bulging inside his actual baggage, he threw both off the bridge that Mother built.
Please follow me?
Much love from me :D
the DJ played GYC during the boat trip and i sang so loud everyone heard me ' idc care though i danced so hard!
3
Gettin yo bby mama to message me about b.s.DontDoThat youha feelings will get real hurt
he notices u more than me!:
Ron Paul's foreign policy shafts our friends and refuses to ack we live in a dangerous world.
Insanity not good foreign policy.
Congratulations to Philadelphia's TEAM STAB PLUS for going over the 10,000 mark in money raised
Oh!
We can't wait to hear what you come up with!
Time to doctornk coffee with Pastor Furtick.
You can too...
Elevationchurch.org
I've never been more thankful for a shower and my couch.
escandalo!
heard we won't find out until the reunion.
so many rumors though!
Love this one for the kids: Book Lovers day  get em young, teach em the love and discovery of books.
Moving on doesn't mean you forget about things.
It just means you have to accept what happened and continue living.
like a TV show
Love idea.
Battle of the media.
Major Lazer video Original Don, great shit
is now following me.
I died a little inside just now.
it was great meeting you, too.
I enjoyed learning about /cc
how likely are 100 wins in 2/4 anyway?
I wish I didn't even have to ask
My woman and I are lucky to have each other because she means more to me than a battery to a cellphone.
May the Fourth.
:D
Sounds comfortable.
would you feel used if you found out that was sending stealthpromoted tweets?
I'm hungry all I've eaten today is a bowl of cereal
Greg Biffle is the man!
Bill Kimm of NASCAR tells us why at 7:15 NWSports Tonight
what happened !!!
Finally, a foolproof solution.
How come no one's ever thought of this?
I just had a great, nofail idea: closer by committee?
NBC sports network.
January 2.
About time espn got some real comp...
: 30thingsaboutme I'm not naming all 30!!!
it's ok.
An experiment only fails if you don't do it
FF to a few fine art Twitterites/Tweeterphiles/Twittophants:  Enjoy one and all.
Wow, he's pretty good too.
I Used to Be So Complex..
Since Then, I've Simplified My Approach.
I Appreciate the Difference.
Although I'am Content, I Now Have No Choice.
Happy to help!
Thank you for the kind words.
Yeah, if inability of the world to create a mortal triumph can't be seen as an eternal power, what can?
Great wisdom may resemble foolishness.
Chinese Proverb
LOL!
I year ya
A good publicist works from a plans but knows when to seize windows of opportunity.
Thanks for the connection, have a great week!
DM
Alex Is Sexy!
Enough said!:
RT : Freedom, Beauty, Truth  Love !
Beach Head Mike is going to be on the show?
I miss his tweets.
thanks for the RT.
Have a great weekend!
cant sleep
On that level I agree, but there doesn't seem to be any strict boundary between professorssional and personal on Facebook.
And we're in motion.
Insurance came through on rehab...finally.
are you scared of spiders?
c:
I cry myself to sleep...
But I'm fine with that!
yes sir....it be singin
CIF here we come.
Please dont rain.
RT : I'm loving the halftime show.
I had no idea Betty White was performing
either way, it's gonna be a hell of a movie and I can't wait!
we just gave away 700 worth of gas cards on
one of my all time favorite websites..
check it while making coffee EVERY morning; so I know which ones to go after first!
we chilling inside today!
your dad is doing a show at my church on August 5th and sonny is speaking!
So stoked for that!
It'd be cool if you came as well
Oops, following now.
: Sure, Skype call soon sounds great.
Two of the hardest tests in life: The patience to wait for the right moment and the courage to accept that you've waited for nothing.
It's always tough making a selection from a new vending machine at work.
I decided to play it safe and go with the egg salad on rye.
Hate riding da bus ima b late to class
After a 15 hour flight, finally in Jo'burg for a two week heritage and culture tour of South Africa VisitSouthAfrica Stay tuned.....
so many installers and updates.
3 hours into the install and I'm still not done.
How many your gay tweets have you received after this article went live?
Haha that's awesome.
Enjoy.
For 7 years I've labored and toiled.
This spring, my lawn finally looks like its kept by a grownup.
itscutewhen ladies blush.
find it weird huh?
well, thats jus me
Do not dwell in the past, do not doctoram of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
Good Luck!
You'll do GREAT!
RT Today's the day!!!
Starting my HCG Diet today!
YEAH 32 days 32lbs.
Here I come!
Quinceaera photo shoot tonight!
Jamming with Eric tonight in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
HAPPY INTERNATIONAL JAZZ DAY!!!!!
:
Danielle is sporting a pink Cheetah outfit and geek glasses on the Weekend Sports Buzz today.
You need to check out the awesomeness....
Oh!
Cool!
When?
Retired football star...
Played mostly for San Diego Chargers RT : who was he cuhz?
I wish I had girlfriends like sex and the city all mine are shit
Vicki, always a pleasure 2 read yr thoughtful posts.
That one led me to learn a thing or 2 about Small  Stewart's collaboration.
We will be at the RV Supershow today giving out swag.
Come see us
plans 4 my oldage parents r shot...sign in library: NO LEAVING INDIVIDUALS REQUIRING CARE UNATTENDED 4 LONG PERIODS OF TIME OR AT CLOSING
I think this girl might just be a tired girl
Really with this iphone update right now?!?
can't wait to have absolutely nothing saved in my phone bc i'm a retard.
my rich dad never taught me how to speak peasant...
Easter Sunday is almost here!
Time for people to get there Easter outfits off of layaway!

Happy Valentines Day Baby, It's been a pleasure sharing life with you!!
Get the Gringo opens Available on demand May 1.
During a highspeed car chase with the US Border Patrol and a bleeding body in his back s
Thankful for my roommates and steven Hamner and the opportunity to get swoll on Tday
Did ya' catch my tweet  Mattel making a doll of u?
No I didn't send one
...attached to you :
oh yeah the last one big time mount and do me forevr ;' lol
same here!
Eben and David are both really good.
I just hope they bring back David but idk if they will.
Almost time for fridaynightartdorks.
But first, food.
The lawn guys started working outside my apt.
at 7 am and I can STILL hear them outside.
Grrr.
That's cool, look forward to hearing it.
Yea just get at me when you get a free minute or two.
If you have 600k laying around  trying to figure out what to do w/it you can buy a suite for the SuperBowl 587,074.
When are you going to Texas?
Something I heard today : Don't mix your personal life with your work life.
Can't wait to be reunited with my bed!!!
I have tickets to the Brewer game next Friday, would love for that to be the magic game.
No netflix in this hotel  awful news.
Albon: Mobile tech is never the end product, good governance is the product.
Pair new tech with traditional means
and now it all works out and you got what you've Bennett wanting 
Fantastic dinner last night, everything perfect except BigTen didn't win.
I'm hungry again.
Dusted off my stack in a live MTT today.
My though process has always been so much better online  it's something I'll have to improve on.
there's some choices.
I hear there's somn goin on in Woo town.
BeliebersAnd1DAreDumb?
i wonder when i will gaf :D
Seriously Irving PD is awful, and whoever called the cops on him was professorling him based on his ethnicity  his tats!!
Just WRONG!!
Take no prisoners.
you are fabulous on !
I watch you every week.
Enormous congrats to you.
I always knew you would be a
ha, tried that too.
Thanks tho.
Oh, altrock, big swells, indiepop, guitar, piano, ish.
So, like postapocalyptic/slumgod.
Oh it gotcha now.
Of course.
Alright Blazers.
Take care of the Mavs.
I personally cannot wait to pour a glass of zippit.
A lady in the streets, but a freak in the bed.
please marry me.
He Is Risen!
The Lord Is Risen Indeed!
George Shelton, dept.
Of HHS, Ever success we have is tied p how well we work with the states.
Three things I look forward to in Obama's second term: ObamaCare, legalization of gay marriage, reconstruction of middle class America.
Real Estate Cebu Philippines The Best Real Estate Properties In Cebu ...
Tips and Advices In Buying and Selling Real Estates and Get ...
ATTENTION!
If u have less than 5000, then follow for gained up ur followers ;
I like this, I like this a lot.
The Republican structure in SD is very anger orientedamong other concerns.
Doin the potty dance...
Left foot cross, oh nope just pee'd!
Bahaha I Think Brandon Is Retarded
SHOUT OUT TO YOU GUYS!
PEOPLE FOLLOW THEM!
YOU AREN'T COOL TILL U FOLLOW THEM!
SO MITE AS WELL FOLOW
Gn my twitter nation work tonight I hate THIRD SHIFT I BUT WHEN U ON THE GRIND GOING HARD IS THE ONLY OPTION
ya got one more follower!!!
no shame!
Hey, there is Hotsex, Groupsex, safesex, phonesex, speedysex, crazysex and for people wid ur face  NO SEX!
oh lol.
in my doctorams too.
Mark , your assigning yourself a full column in everyone's browser by scheduling all those updates at the same time :o
Sadly, only till 8 tonite!
Hope that leaves you time.
If not, you still need a beer!
Get one!
Could not be more excited about seeing Billy Elliott at the Fox tonight!
Raise your voice for freedom HumanTraffickingAwarenessDay end slavery
Hope it still works!
doctorwsy af at work what's up wit u?
Hey Jay!
Send an email with all the details to
I've had a great start to my morning.
:
RT : Can't sleep...heading to good friend's wedding later today.
Should be fun!
my first tweet!!
Super Mario
And, ironically, he's tweeting right now about the arrogance of ignoring God's law.
About to doctornk an energy doctornk and freak out my officemates with how hyper I'm gonna get
End w qa but still get the last word.
Don't let audience get the last word.
Imagine Harry watches your eyes  suddenly his voice breaks.
Harry:''I'm going on tour for three months.
I'll miss y'' He starts crying.
i saw this hot guy at walmart today who kept staring at me, i went to go find something but i was stalking him.
but he left..
Im using the shampoo bottle as my cowbell on the third chorus!
My President is black, my marijuana stank.
apparently religion and sportsmanship doesn't mix as well as we hoped.
Tebow why hast thou forsaken us?
I'm a versatile artist but I love south beats.
The series just started; if you have any title suggestions, fire away.
I'll tweet our Facebook page when it's live.
Thank you my sweet, cute, handsome cousin!
men need to listen when we women say we take FB relationship statuses seriously!
lol.
Hail to the big man!
Gah I love my husband.
G'Night Shell.
Have a good week!
I meant have Tebow/Hasselback but both on bye

Oh my god you saw it!!
you're very welcome ;
I don't have my book!
I imagine they're uncomfy, too.
Thanks for sharing that with us!
Great interview.
Student comment on good Digi Citizenship why worry about doing something wrong, there is too much stuff online for anyone to find out.
putty perhaps?
2012 will be sick!!
free period wih and yuri and skylar!!
It sure is windy in North Texas!
What's the weather like where you are?
Apparently is for anniversary eats for and me.
Last year it was brunch, this year dinner.
Looking forward to it!
game day....region finals at 2...get focused!
Just listened to new album Blown Away which is streaming on iTunes  Two Black Cadillacs is going to be a HUGE hit!
oh the US
now everyone is tweeting Mikey creepy yet funny stuff..
hahaha!
Run, not run??
Most likely not gonna run
Us too!
It's in out top five, for sure :
Today's local doctorfts: All Saints IPA GABF gold winning Voodoo dunkel, Helltown Extra Sinfully Bitter, Lavery 1847 Rye Stout.
i am so BORED 
Can't be anything but proud of the pacers organization...thank you and for that opportunity..proud of that team!!!
Yup yup, it's dan the man from tweetup
digitalindia JSTOR Plant Science.
Users contribute to building of niche network of this content via social media  Rajan
finally catching up on
Thanks!!!!!
: yayyy she's back!!
You did a beautiful job today BTW
so damn organized
I'm looking forward to this year's holiday season.
It's the first time in a long time I'll be off from work  w/ my family.
RT : BREAKING: Bryce Harper has launched his first home run.
Video most certainly to come.
could've fed half the 9th ward for a year cuz
I would say just clear it all out.
I guess that depends on who sunshine is!
Haha!
next spring break we are going to spring training since your condo is right next to them!!
Other things may change us, but we start and end with the family.
Anthony Brandt
true that!
Fight, honor and grind one day at a time!
wat it do
Marriage is Holy Matrimony it does not belong in the court room that's why this is an issue
im so hungry, i aint ate all day.
i wonder what there is to eat.
stop skiing.
or riding those weird skis that become a snowboard.
in the studio working on some cool dance songs.
Sounds fun!
RT : Are you in season?!
teaches us the ins  outs of spring produce Sunday 4/1 from 1011a!
Hm?
Something we can help with?
I like cookies
Let's go time to start winning again!
haha.
i do go to the gym alot.
but i'm italian and i find the show very funny.
Mo Claibourne: I didn't see no point in taking no test.
Hahahaha
Not even tired .
juss added a bass guitar to our music.going to another level now
Whatever tomorrow brings I'll be there for you, if ever the sun don't shine I'll be there for you.
They say when you sneeze 7 times its an orgasm....
.
mine is goin ok, thanks for asking.
so I think something's wrong with my phone.
I'm going to verizon, I'll try to call later
you are the best author ever.
Asdfghjkl;;; I might see the lucky one tomorrow :3
Remember when was ugly??
Yeahh....me either.
;
Attention Brides!
Save a little for your wedding and shop at Bella Bridal to get 10 cashback!
Trade Like the DowJones
'nite y'all
shyt like do i still b talkn to u wen da last time i seen u how u doin shyt like dat
Dear Restaurants, Please list all ingredients in your menu item descriptions.
I've seen Liz in concert a few times now and everyone LOVES to request that song.
Loudly.
With good cause, though.
to bad he can't play.
: I like to skate too.I like to watch people skate :
doctorving thru Malibu Canyon w/ a great view of Supermoon.
One last scene to shoot on Sunset Blvd.
then it's the CincoDeMayo Martini shot.
HANG LOOSE!
Bases loaded.
Two outs.
One run down.
Bottom of the ninth.
JOEY VOTTO strides to the plate.
RT : yeah, he probably thought everyone would hop on board.
Credibility is a responsibility.
Food Fact of the Day: April 15, 1955 The first franchised McDonald's was opened in Des Plaines, Illinois, by Ray Kroc.
www.facebook.com/CeceeD
I'd like a button in firefox that says Open this webpage in Safari
So now the boyz can't say nothing when we are waiting outside their hotel room cause they are kinda doing the same thing lol
Been a good World Series so far....
I love all haters..
backstabbers..fakers..and pretenders.
Thank you for making me stronger.
I Know !
Haha'
What type of shit is that?
Lol
I love my relatives but I wish I was flying to Indy instead of Cali tomorrow.
Oh well at least my cousin will be with me for Christmas 
The Mesmer looks so fantastic.
I can't pass it up.
can't wait for your conceeeeeeerrrrrt: in new york cityy.
:
at least books are useful!
Watching the taped version of THE PITCH.
They're choosing an agency for Pop Chips.
The nonKutcher agency.
Morning!
Woke up and found out that France will be having a new president on May 15th, who's socialist..
Interesting..

if you ain't with it punk bitch then get these nuts in ya mouth, no more.
no less.
I don't need to be verified.
My books speak for themselves.
I hate when you're watching a music video and you can see that they're miming.
Ruins the video.
Jason misterz you pillock.
Great fight Mike!!!
Way to stick up for your team!!
Fans will remember this game for a LONG time!
Big road trip coming.....
I wonder if they play TRex vs.
Triceratops games as foreplay.
love getting this text: I'm gonna make dinner.
And you'll eat what I make.
Some people are impossible to please.
Bitch be happy I'm putting in the effort.
The least you could do is act like you're satisfied.
i Have my ways LOL.
weirdthingsICONiacssay You live in Connecticut?
Damn those USC players!
I think he was being facetious on that lol
eww, nasty finger ass!!!
:P lol
Think my 7 miles this morn should count as 42 because they were on a treadmill.
Boring!
Good luck to those hoofing it in Boston!
mentions PBP book; besides migration scripts, PBP is a good read for any kohails hacker
Making kale, spinach, beet, corgette  carrot chips w/Richmond kids for a school feast next week.
Check out the new photos of JACKLYN!!
HERE 'TIL 4AM TONIGHT!!
COME SEE A REAL WOMAN IN THE FLESH!!
ALL OF THE FLESH!!
Is it just me or did those refs REALLY want El Salvador to win?
Idea for a new sport: Jetski Paintball Tag.
Tell me who wouldn't play that with me.
Thanks for the follow!
I'll be holding down the fort on the broiler all week.
Please play nice, for I'm looking into a 70 hour work week.
Big idea: scanabagos!
Holy Tweet!
Popping my twitter cherry at LAactors Tweet Up with and
yeah it was a few people on the frontrail.
Pretty awful.
Next time you think your perfect try walking on water
I have my first Sunday off tomorrow.
I'm pretty excited for that.
In Santa Barbara.
Any tips?
Contact us immediately, we can assist you!!!
Boy your so hard to read...
Like freaking Egyptian Alien or some something.
Ohio State men's basketball team falls to No.
10 in latest AP college basketball poll.
Thnx for the follow trying to make moves
Good talk.
Good friend.
I hope I doctorve you insane sometimes :P Enjoy Tokyo!
Maybe it wasn't a tweet.
Maybe it was info in you bio and/or location.
Aztecs BB Reminder.
Traffic  parking for sold out game.
Please be in your seats by 6:45pm to honor our Seniors...they deserve it.
When your boyfriend says to you..
'wow, have you been reading cosmo?' hahahaha!
Can't wait for the fan fic!
No other Poker Travel site is regulated to offer VirginAtlantic flights to Worldwide destinations  Vegas NewYork LA London Miami 
It's been a crazy rainy episode since Friday nite, I hope it does'nt rain today because I'd like to ride my bike to the library...
Dork.
Came up for the weekend after a conference in Baltimore.
In the burgh?
I really love 's writing.
forgot to tell ya I saw ya on TMZ...Kudos
just gone put my hair up in a ponytail tomorrow !
getting hair done after school :
flyin over right now
I want to be a part of it
But my bank account is literally empty and crying...
ugh
a quick reh then headin over to to play a set w/ songwriter diamond and willie harvey, 7:30pm
RT great friends!
i cant dance says the sexy ass motherfucker grinding the fucking air, shaking his hips like shakira
My mom made sure to ask when the show doctorps.
I agree
Persecution complex much?
There is a new Barbie doll on the market  Shock Therapy Barbie ...car battery and wires included
WE HAVE A GRIT UPDATE!
RT Christ, McGloin can't even win the Big Ten OPOW Award outright.
:thanks for thatResult/have a new NYT writer to follow:Catherine Rampell,she covers theater and econogo figure
aw shucks...I'll make good with a little more sun on Fri/Sat for that!
glee this week was epic.
Artie totally got boobfaced.
Hope you enjoy that 1 meal!
Ur Beautiful And Crazy To.
Baby Thats Why I Fell Into you.
Even Tho You Were To Pretend To Be.
You Were Never With Me.
So Its Over Yeah Were
Indeed, Heller clients suffer this analytical and math skills gap, can't fill jobs  on Big Data in today's
Why does CVS make the sick walk to the back of the store for prescriptions while healthy people can buy cigarettes at the front?
I also have older twin sisters.My parents claim they were a bit easier BC had each other to occupy themselves.
so true.
Slept in, went for a run, gonna clean the house, then time for a massage.
Woohoo!
No immediate call on wiprimary winner based on exit polls, waiting on returns
Awesome!
See you soon :
Anybody ask you why you were taking pictures at the urinal?
RT : Bands that met in art school  bands that met in music school.
FYI.
I hope we make it home on no gas..
When someone close to u dies...
move seats
Class of 2009: stay mentally checked in to all things UVa at our website: www.virginia.edu/alumnieducation/
Can someone point me to a karaoke track of Meet Virginia?
I can't find one on Youtube.
Love in a hopeless place
Raising Easter Baskets for childoctorn in need in Vegas.
Who wants to help?
VEGASCARES!
C/O
I love Brian Gotter!
Severe weather updates with him are the best!
I assume u can't read when u say ur just not book smart......
Now you're talking my language
The politics will take care of themselves, it's time to do what's right.
saving 1.4 million jobs
Maybe it's just me, but I think that almost all dancers use bags as their dance duffels.
This is gonna sound crazy but I actually cought the rice yes!!!!!
Unflushed automatic toilets indicate the presence of vampires.
WATING FOR BELIEVE ALBUM :
Attention to detail RT : How can you be a 50 FT shooter when you've played basketball your whole life?
How is that possible?
I swear is determined to make me fail my English exam There were at least two stories set in England and my mind just wandered
Karma is really a bitch !
Can't talk.
Watching
is it better to say happy new year or happy new years.
have i been doing it wrong all these year?
She bad and seen first hand what's happened in my past nuttin better then a girl that knows what I been thru

BRAVE, PEOPLE LIKE US, FRANKENWEENIE and CARS Land June Press Trip...
Again...
I'm such a lucky little girl!
I love all my friends and family....thank you for the early birthday love
and I'm walking around with a smile on my face thanks to you : Love and Light!
How much longer will we stand for this political grandstanding for the kleptocracy before we have an American summer?
you will be, you will will be....
We still have childoctorn that would love to be sponsored!
So, as soon as Keith Underwood saw Ali he insisted she play with him at the all star concert this afternoon!
Can't wait!!
RT : Guys what happened to ?
: ican tell im never gonna get a text bck,
We will now be showing all Blazers and Timbers games and offering wings and beer for 9!
Join us tonight to watch the Blazers take down OKC!
Monday in the boogie down Bronx...excellent way to start the week.
Employee Body Shot Madness Tonite!
Featuring The DollHouse DJ's
and I are collapsing.
This man is too much lol
if I can doctorg myself out of bed:.
I might come say hi.
More council later this afternoon too?
We'd be seeing a whole lotta archie today.
Awesome.
RT : What if it was Manning vs.
Manning today?
Oh the horror...
What would Phil Collins do?
We lost USA, Mexico, AND England all in one weekend...
woeth me
RT : margherita pie and sierra nevada torpedo pint
I just heart them so hard!
You are gorgeous:D
Thanks for following Healing Unleashed
L!!!
What have u been up too, miss ur face: still waiting on my slow lazy brother to send the purse.
I'm stay on him
When i was younger and smoked in the house id turn the stove on and let a piece of meat burn making it smoky over powering the smell
Ain't no sunshine when he's gone But I know he's right to take these breaks
ObamaFilms Why I hate America
Damn Yankees all original.
Dan Barry's piece appeared in the NYTimes; Jane Leavy's will be in Sports Ill's baseball preview issue
And how could I forget ?!
Easily the highlight of my day.
Great to see you Ben.
Don't be a stranger.
My soul is from elsewhere, I'm sure of that, and I intend to end up there.
Rumi
when are you coming home?
3 bacon
moneyfromstrangers is the funniest show ever.
I want to be on it
I am indeed the same, and you may also know my girlfriend, your fellow studio member, Melissa Kite.
Want to be instantly recognized on social networks?
use the same avatar across all sites.
Don't make them think, or worst miss finding you.
We know the feeling.
That's why we built our site.
We have quick fill scholarships/can match you with the scholarships that
is that homeboy?!
Yo!
What's everybody doing?!
I need something to do?
ohh alright just making sure!
Check out the Minneapolis office's new YouTube channel: BrausseGroupUSA.
Subscribe and keep checking in to see our inventory!
Stay.
Please...
I miss you.
don't worry you'll find one..
i'll help u XD!
ugh can't wait to play
One week in sandiego and i gained 7lbs.
I going back to sleep in tears.
Boy am I happy to be at work!!!!
Huh?
RT : James appears to have flaked out again
I have a class I have to take tonight....what about over thye weekend?
FF unleashed crew!
season finale Tuesday!
Being at my brothers lacrosse game makes me miss high school so bad!
Those were the good ol' days
Read something from the past, and it still killed me inside..
haha dude I wondered the same thing.
I also think the cookie monster will start pitching granola soon.
The Earth without Art is just EH
civilwar FOTD.
Abraham Lincoln toured the CSA White House during his visit to Richmond  met w/ Gen.
Godfrey Weitzel in the house's library
The river hut is almost ready to go down for the summer!
Fever players get introduced on court during game 1.
Big Baby Davis suddenly uninterested in whatever VanGundy is blabbing about.
Nice work.
sendin prayers th your word will B a blessing 2 those who hear it 2nite blessings 2 U :
oh its okay go ahead !
lol.
Glad you like it man!
and I just got back from a Loon mountain ski getaway so dead, but well def be around soon bro
misterTurnaround.
Pffffft.
Look forward to it!
Will have to start gathering supplies now ;
depends which jason terry shows up in the 4th qtr, but ill take the Mavs with the spread
Last tweet was number 3000 :O!!
A lady without a purse is a secret.
Where is she keeping her love?
POETRY BOOM
Congrats!
MT looking forward to ushering first of 136 new clean diesel buses with tomorrow.
55 will arrive in 2012!
is going to answer questions tomorrow afternoon for our segment.
What should we ask?
oh you go girl!
I feel healthier just after listening to talk about how amazing my garden can be this year.
thanks for coming out guys!
they are the same thing...
A story involving a father, son, and holy ghost...
And here's one for you: You put on a killer show tonight : 
hell yeah dude its like c'mon lol
If you happen across the 6 pack of steak knifes could you snag a set for me?
They are cheap 34
Not even close mayweather killed him
Steve's almost a master.
Just a couple more minutes.
I'm just saying.
but next year imma be in high school!
For Dinner Me And My Dad Had Pizza And Macorni for dinner With Soda!!!!
YUMMY R U JELLY??
SIB Embracing complexity is part of the answer.
Not cool with bro situation in Ohio.
So..
Let me hear Sweet Home Chicago people.
come see me!
well please let me know when you go next!!!
just finished my 1st week of Slim in 6 Start it Up  starting 1st 1 on 1 yoga with Erin Feeling good!!
RT : Kendoctorck Perkins went through the majority of shootaround today and is a gametime decision tonight against L.A.
Looking for REAL friends on Twitter  found plenty that promise to followback but never do   wtf!
Watching Football :
whatever, you always had a subpar vocabulary
I got the Canon Powershot S100.
I've taken 5 photos with it so far and already know that it is the best PnS Camera I've ever used.
The hottest tix in town!
You're gonna love !
Failing a test at the moment?
oh no probb just get something siccer related!
:
BTDubs, Cocky Pop is the name of my Nickleback cover band.
A personal opinion no matter how factual or bullshit it may be will always be food for thaught!
Don't be stressed!
I'm sure you're almost done.
Let us know if you need any help.
We have a ton of scholarships on our website.
NYCSportsReport: Washington Capitals VS.
New York NYRangers  Alexander Semins Wicked Goal  2011 Stanley Cup Playoffs
On Fridays we like to have some fun around the office, so today we're having a James Bond marathon.
007 All Day.
Hope loved dem twizzlers
Have a god awful headache right before I am supposed to head out to Blackhawk...
Hope it goes away quick.
having pita bread for dinner.
You already know!
Oh no, that's all of them.
Klout believes you are influential about Puppies, Chili, and Valve.
Whoa microwave popcorn
my 36th bday is next weekend
We watched it last night.
Greatness!
Production value!!!
You gotta keep pushing and following your doctorams!
Don't get discouraged over the obstacles you may face if it's destined for u then it's urs
Let me help you accesorize your outfit with jewelry!
: Bella32 YAFEELME don't get stabbed!
April showers in March.
Daffodils startin g to fade back  tulips coming in strong Will probably weed a little next week.
NOW I've made it!
and he did a cover of Austin's new song.
It's even worse lol.
But it's funny.
I just have to say this.
The Dallas Cowboys are not going to win the superbowl this season!
Nostradumbass!!
Gnight myspace!!
just got in the door and im beat.
quite impressed with the lack of hangover today!!
:D.
BolthouseFarms really bummed me out just now.
Their Protein Plus doctornk contains milk but it's not listed anywhere except in tiny print.
Gonna try to break a world record this winter
Jingle Bells, yes tis the season to be jolly.
Shouldn't we be happy all the way?
The one horse open sled will take MB away.
:
Had a super brainstorm, yesterday, about memento aggregator with
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there
wouldn't make it through work without you guys!
Today was classic, keep it up!
Finally!
Summer weather has come.
In the 80s today.
Hello sunshine!
we had to pause for fucking
Thank you so much for all the kind words!
Reading boring releases from numerous companies.
Most corporations need to learn to tell a story.
Always be interesting.
Rule
Apparently not in Texas...crazy
earthwalls to lower fuel costs from heating and cooling, raise highways to allow wildlife to pass...
Don't get me wrong I luv the KentuckyDerby  do not mind any races as long as the horses are treated with absolute luv, dignity  respect!!
What are THEY thinking anyway?
a discussion series to promote civil discourse presents The League of Young Voters.
Friday at noon!
Come watch The Perfect Vagina documentary with us on ZenLive.tv lol
Woman, don't tell me when to go to bed.
BTW, I'm doing my housing crap so I can't go to bed.
WTF!
Seriously what the hell was that with a hell of a talent for 18yrs doing this?
There are so many circumstances out there that if we allow them to control us, we loose our joy.
The answer is to choose our thoughts
Fenway park was amazing!
Salem was scary, and watching Johnny English with on the train was funkin hilarious
www.W3schools.com 
it's the official twitter page of me!!!
Adal Robles.
A huge bacardi truck just stopped in front of me, this is a sign I need a doctornk asap lol
Out of at least a total of 24750 bands of all genres on the global charts Rainline sits steady at 7,639.
Not bad for a local rock band.
Hats off today to the bartenders working in the ballpark!
I almost just had a nigga moment at work in the office ...
Pass the paella!
If you are going to be in Napa April 22nd you don't want to miss DARE by Viader Releases  Paella.
PO PO POKER FACE PA PA PA
13 mins hardly worth getting upset about.
nothing changed by it.
Remember JoePa reports?
i did , but he didnt respond .
oops .
now tell roc i said hey boo
Check out www.uwbadgers.com for a great deal on your www.buckyslockerroom.com order.
Hurry, offer ends at 12pm CST today!
I always wondered what it was like to run 12 miles in a cool shower.
It wasn't pretty but it's done.
With loss Mets will be 48 in last 12 games
Podcast feed?
RT : Big 12 Commissioner Dan Beebe will be on at 3:30 to discuss conference realignment.
milehighsports.com
So , there was a fight ..
Hey when are we gonna go to the zoo again!?
My pass is almost gonna expire!
Haha
Trust me I know!
I'm an elementary school teacher and my little Chloe is in kindergarten!
Orders are starting to pour in a little crazier than I thought....
which is good!
Special teams are killing
Of course the media is going to make everyone think that this decision is the equivalent of doctor Paul doctorpping out.
This is so aggravating.
RT : Q3.
This one is for men Which stores in Chicago carry the best mens clothing?
and my house is hot as hell.
rumorhasit we are getting dartboards!
I do not ever want to break what we have cuz its too good....3/5/123
west virginia, small state i hate it lol.
so everything i say is with a country accent.
; its sexy lol jk its awful
Median home value.
haha I wouldn't blame you.
Hamilton is scary good
I wish Kentucky was on that list.
S/O Your welcome and thanks for the love!!
Ready for ??
Tminus one day until I'm 18...
Who wants to do illegal things before I'm legal??
Haha
omg jonas brothers were mentioned on my tv sxdzcbhfdbcxfhyrde
An eye for an eye only blinds more people.
nf my tall ethiopian, :
Game day today: wish us luck UNDEFEATED LADY PATRIOTS!:
Circus life under the big top world.
We all need the clowns to make us smile.
All my Facebook Friends get at me on twitter!
where've you been??
Nice to hear from you!
Follow Anthony
Hahah I hate girls
Always love reading your golf tweets!
Thank you for all your contributions to the game!
Come and get some salmon Poke and ceviche Bowls at the Farmers Market Santa Teresa Kaiser.
Don't be afraid of the rain sanjose!
I've ben good.
you don't like talking to me do you?
Okay, forget it  I'm getting up now.
my masters thesis is about underachieving boys jon so I would love to help x
I'm pretty shallow.
Whenever I open a package of bread, I skip the first slice because its ugly.
Today's slate also features an extra screening of the opening night film, John Chuldenko's Nesting at 3:40.
Follow me on twitter:
.
Get everyone over to Cuban Club Bandshell on the Patio for  the Underdawgs at 10p BEST ACT OF THE FEST!
Thanks for following me back.
I love your covers and wish I could visit Norway.
Such a beautiful country.
Jaws on the floor.
My mom is just so unfair.
I quit trying to talk to her.
DONE WITH THE SEMESTER
Anyone know if you can track across domains when you aren't in control of both sites?
Is tracking code a necessity?
btw that's not a boo hoo i'm a girl who wants attention because i feel ugly tweet, that's a matter of fact statement about asexuality :
Hey, whatever.
Screw you guys.
If Jack White wrote it, you'd say it's genius.
lookin' for a girl, I ran into a guy.
His name was MCA I said howdy, he said hi.
:
the paper loved to play on ur name
Starting a new painting today, called echo, echo, echo, echo...
There's the Volstad I was waiting for.
just recruited Torianno!
lucky ass lol and this nap I took earlier didn't help 
I love doing that.
There are worse habits.
The defense may look bad on TV, but in reality, they're probably even worse than that.
Another sigh of relief.
: The naked truth is better than a well doctorssed lie.
TP
If they've had persistent oral motor issues...
this certainly makes sense.
I wanna meet someone who picked Norfolk state and actually thought it was gonna win...
Gain confidence in your reading skills by reading to a trained canine at the River Park Branch on May 12th and 26th at 2 p.m.
For ages 611.
You are an amazing, talented woman with a beautiful heart.
I'll always be a huge fan :
AintNothingLike waking up period .
Good Morning you're alive.
R.i.p.
to every single person we've lost.
We'll retake it :
But we're laying down and everything though!
We think it started in our youth, when that guy said that thing about our face
If you follow the crowd you will only go as far as the crowd goes.If you lead then you will go as far as your doctorams carry you!!
The mousies ate all of the cracker and apple and were cuddled together this morning.
I hope they manage to stay together in the woods.
This week's Lunch Special  Chunky Braised Chicken Vegetable Stew  is so good, you may not mind that it's not warm outside.
Clark does not know how to pass!!
ready to sign me cutting it close loud interscope or Stephanie Swift x contract dude et g shi
Great Day...Arena was good ...the Hat was chill..got a early morning tomorrow
We're slightly biased, but Vegas is as epic as it's going to get :
Are You Painting It BLUE?!
lol i love blue 3 Always3
Bicycle commute to school begins today.
Hopefully everything will be fine, and I won't find any road warriors out there.
Tuesday we roll out the Summer BBQ Menu!
Come by and try some of your new favorites!
Still working on some uploads?
videos Bout to check out this Grey
GIVE A LITTLE TIME TO ME WE'LL BURN THIS OUT WE'LL PLAY HIDE AND SEEK TO TURN THIS AROUND
I better get well soon, or die.
This sick business isn't working out.
We here on the Smart Aleck Staff believe in a world without worksheets.
Happy openingday Seattle!
Go M's!
yes lol i'm pregnant James
Nice to see you again March, did you remember to bring the warm weather??
Heyy everyone please get the word around for people to follow me and I follow bak
heey I love you :
You have a great number of people reading your blog posts daily
RT Treat everyone with politeness, even those who are rude to you, not because they are nice, but because YOU are.
Unknown
Me too..
RT : I'm gonna bawl my eyes out when wowp finishes :

u hates that I'm single now and all the good guys are so far away wishes u were from Cleveland
Good morning beautiful 3 :
Having long hair and blue eyes
had a great time at the quince tonight :
i didnt get to watch the game.
who lost today?
;
Stay warm!
Have you tried a 'chider'?
Hot apple cider mixed with chai tea  delicious!
What's your favorite winter snack?
If you want to stand out from the crowd, don't follow them.
Maybe it is
because you cant practice those kids of moves
Yes!
You must have a new number.
DM me.
oh u shld let me give u my old meez 11daisy?she is so tottaly ur type emo and has bangs my smexy boo meez
Broke??
Me??
Who has ever seen me broke??
Crickets Thought so.
We should vid chat soon and we can get stupid.
I'm definitely making it out to saff.
Cali has my beaches too!
Here at Hawthorne Burgerville you can pick up a copy of the Shaker's CD with a free ticket to OMSI's Body World!
Hater: Jake T Austin has no fans.
Me: What'd you say?
I couldn't hear you over a millions of girls screaming his name.
Squid ink pasta?
Yes.
Just let it happen.
Is it weird that I feel like we're in a club here?
BBQ Ozone Park flow......
We are good.
Just helping people save money on life insurance!
You go girl I'd tap that
Can't stop staring at this ugly couple next to me.
The girl is wearing white leg warmers with fucking brogue pumps.
What the phantom menace!
we'll consider :
Congratulations.
You are going to do well.
think I'll make Ribolita tomorrow.
My fatherinlaw loves it.
Yo Knicks win tonight we in this bitch!
Lets go!
I will praise the Lord according to his righteousness: and will sing praise to the name of the Lord most high.
Psalm 7:17
Waiting for people to get ready is so annoying!
ooh, ooh, report it to somebody!

RESIDENTSNow in your area!
www.AmericanHealthcareCouncil.com Get a No Cost Public and Private Health Insurance Plan Review Today!!!!
Hello how was the live chat yesterday?
This is hard to watch.
Thoughts with Class act / great WR.
Hope everyone had a great holiday.
Tonight we have Glass Clovers w/ Pentup House, Results May Vary,  The Fountain, 8.00 at the door.
Today's Q: Getting a base tan at an indoor tanning salon is as good way to prevent sunburn when I go to the beach this summer.
T or F?
Sometimes all you need is 20 seconds of insane courage...
i need more followers
Don't waste a trial or the trail will and can waste you!
Do you want to win a copy of 's fabulous book Food Heroes?
Let us know!
Giveaway ends tonight at 5pm PST.
Zach could dunk over a kia too, a kia owner's manual.
We are live on WCBE 90.5 2pm today in studio A!
Tonight CD RELEASE PARTY at The Woodlands Tavern!!
9pm
It's Commencement Week at !
Today begins the setup of chairs in the quad  8,000 of them!
hi just can u plz RT me
The people love Dancin In The Dark.
Always thought it was cheesy but its undeniable fun.
OMFG so bored and so horny need a big dick up my tight ass and 1 in my mouth plz help me lollol
Probably just me and Bryan, though he might be more expensive than I am..., maybe we can find a good online forum
Easter Egghunt begins at 2 p.m.
on the Laguna Lawn!
Hop on over!
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
:
Happy Monday!
Make it great.
Guys!
There's only 4 hours left to donate!!!
WE NEED YOUR HELP!!
We can do it!!!!
Thats not fair :/ well we will b voting spreading the word too, give the band a run 4 their 
I fucking love
Thanks!
Mary Thorp is on FB and would like to learn Twitter  join the Tweet Team.
We're expanding the campaign wi volunteers.
What if people came to your job and booed you?
I only got 3 weeks of school left
I wish there was a way to tap into all the energy that is spent resisting change.
Im good for the most part and u
There's hearing the call,  then there's listening to it.
Listening  Doing
hey robert whats up?
tickets go out to the public tomorrow though if you wanna get them!
Geez didn't think they would go so quick!
can bake some god cookies!
Thanks for all your help today on the film shoot!
Great job!
RT : Got the major itch to remodel thnks to Houzz app.
for getting ideas out of ones head and defining ideas in my head!
Time to be productive and get to packing up more of my apartment.
If Wisconsin had kept pace with the national average of job creation, we would have 64,000 more jobs than we have now.
Raining a lot in NYC now!!
I wouldn't call taking a chance on someone in the 3rd round missing
then give me some retweet love!
Philly fans are celebrating like they forgot about the 2011 Eagles.
Thank you to all my followers I know have 1600 thank you
its not on tonight it got moved 2 next week
Thanks again for visiting yesterday!
If you haven't yet, we'd love your feedback at Yelp and Google Places!
Now 10 FounderCorps members coming to DayOfFosterly as Study Hall mentors, including , , 
Unless you're a hoe.
Really benefitted from a 30 minute session with from Don'tSettle.
Great opp to become a better professorssional.
Thanks Travis!
I was following you Icey, but didn't know At Last Travels had a page as well.
Now we are following both ;
Just discovered TweetDeck.
Ah this is much easier to manage now.
Remind me to always take your suggestion.
FavoriteRandomLines Today has been a good day for these.
Now if I can get on board.
Now, if only I can get you to jump over a broom....planning, scheming...
I love you sir.
Good Sunday morning!
Busy day ahead.
Need to get it done before it gets too hot!
ima upload yo lil sample video I made once I get off of work...
It at be on my YouTube before 9 tonite 4sho...
Nice footage
thank you RT damn your pretty af
is following 678,474 people, but not me.
How could this be?!
If you're older than 10 and you're NOT hot as fuck, you shouldn't be rocking pig tails.
Good picks.
idk why everyone gets so worked up about someone flopping, it's a really smart thing to do, I love doing it...
Lebron did it well
Looks great but can't make it.
Next time ;
There is magic in this moment.
Don't waste it.
Can you teach me how to sing?
We're always fighting what we're feeling.
ALL BANDS!!!
Please remember to sign up at www.sunsetislandmusic.com and let us help promote your music...
Milk and Honey isn't far.
They carry our pints.
Shooting with PRJTS in LA
Haha, true, I didn't want you to think we were just advertising to you though.
Lol.
: 
Workout complete!
Burn Circuit 1 today.
Sweaty mess not time to hit shower...
via : Did he jump on the Second Life wagon?
Boston College libraries host openaccess journals for any interested faculty.
What a wonderful idea!
Man why is life so difficult to live sometimes man sometimes i wish i could just walk away and just keep livin far from home and family !!!!
Vote for For the youngest dj doing it and Vote for vixen for the best dance crew the dj and the dancers is the best
My little sister has her last day of high school ever tmister.
Bitch im hotter than fish grease
Actually i can right now if you can
Bought a lottery ticket, that ought to make up for potential local and federal finding cuts.
hahahah ok even though you're the best singer in chorus...
Read, slept, watched TV, internetsurfed or combo?
I need a time, please wait for me...
It's sad to see what you're slowly becoming.
Is it Thursday yet??
Lol can't wait to see everyone at Beat the Scene this weekend :
Pocono and Cincy roadtrip reunion this summer i think so
Damn I am bored.
:/
glad you like the integration!
Thanks for sharing w/ your followers.
Where you at boss man?
It's on.
professorssor Tom Harrington say our itgetsbetter campaign has already changed our conversations, and perhaps has saved lives.
I HATE FRIGGIN' HEADACHES..
thanks Toby, I'm doing my best!
I'd love to connect sometime :
wow, nice  you could be on Man vs.
Food!
Reason 12 Why So Many Changes Fail  Taking Time Will Waste Time
Post Easter 5amclub is proving to be a struggle!
Attempting to CrossFit myself awake...
That's our kombucha brewery  just brewing, no retail over there
Yeah, sometimes I can't believe I'm still here People Who Died
Not a fan of Mondays...
Thank you so much for the kind words and shoutout!
maybe, just maybe today is the day will follow me.
hopefully 3 :
He's speaking on 5/22 along with Genachowski RT : I see is speaking at The Cable Show.
That's pretty cool.
RT : RT : Sine die!
Georgia session over and antifree speech bill SB469 is dead!
WeAreGA!
The trucks are at Cooper City Potential Church.
12401 Stirling Road.
Eat at they are amazing.
I second that happy birthday to me ....
Well to YOU rather.
Enjoy.
thats a long flight, take some extra oil
Had To Change My avi The One I Had Was Stale Asab.!
tomorrow night 12/30 is in NoHo Hilarity ensues at 7:30.
Last show of the year!
Now Following Cleveland Connected!
Wutup Bruh
Omg new york boo I'm having so much fun!!
I'll definitely see you July 24th!!
It's been too long Hanceeeee!
I miss you!!!
3
This Kevin Cossom mix tape is dope!
Back on my RandB ish
Chief Riseling: 99 protesters still refusing to leave Capitol.
Tells judge that's  working with for 1 in 1 out.
hi.
no kidding around, how tall is ?
thanks.
Congrats to all the DCADDYs winners  and great job to on the creative for the event!
thanks Kayla 3 Its been the craziest month ever
RT Hey places to try: ...
...
Lol.
At the studio with the guys.
We're finishing production today.
Welcome To The Experience will be released this summer!!
And that's the sound of Glenn Grothman being pulled from the most powerful committee in WI Legis.
College doctorpout
what do my dean, my agent and all have in common?
sorry.
i've been extremely buisy like i said.
hold on :
And apps.
There's just way too many to choose from with Andoctorid ;
oh I know!!.your always grabbing my booty
no neck
don't cuss!
It's not nice.
Hey Kenny.
Just now seen your post.
Good luck finding a stick man Dude!!!
I was enchanted to meet you :
Cry only for cuts n stitches..not for bastards n bitches
I told u not to steal those tortas!!
Haha
did you practice today MollieMae?
Wats going on wit u.
hit me up send me ur 
Thanks for livetweeting about the ATTHack event
No but I did instantly wish Matt was with me.
You don't need more followers you have over 6,000.
it took forever to update this status???????whats happening?
If died today my WILL will read one thing that is that my heart be only kept by you night and day.
I have a craving for football!
is it Sunday yet?!?!
You want to talk about an internet radio show?
I would be qualified.Will email credentials
Headphones on.
on the iphone.
Better than coffee house gossip.
sermonpalooza 2012
Looking into an email issue with the site....should be fixed soon.
Also, what a waste by Victorino.
Didn't affect the throw and Pence would have beaten it anyway.
its not that  doesnt sell its the way its promoted, corp payola, does a lot of work on this
I'm famous!
The 'next Dark Show is this Saturday, July 2nd, 9PM  Martyrs' in Chicago...aaannnd tweet
thanks girl!
Is it just a general Kimpton gift certificate?
It depends on what the certificate says on it.
shut up BJ!!
Hey, whatever it takes to not laugh at the Wild, I'll take it.
I have to stop writing.
I'm just so happy to not be studying for tests!
Hey , just got this week's issue.
Wow, really?
you look like you have 2 adam's apples oo but nice picture.
at jtree waiting.
Getting ready for blended support  Web 2.0
let them play games where they slaughter each other and listen to music that teaches rebellion.
Does the word hypocrite come to mind?
Out of pure nerves and stress, I just peeled off my shellac polish.
Here's to hoping I don't break a nail before I get home!
and save the best for last?
scotty from american idol is my doctoram man!!!!!!!!!!!!
Uber can actually get you to places that don't exist?!
You guys are amazing!!
;
Half Of This World Have Trust Issues!
They Just Want Admit It!
My Lenten resolution was to work out more often.
Last time I was at the gym was Ash Wednesday.
Correction: I gave up exercise for Lent.
still on cloud 9 from mister 3000's homer in yankee stadium
Y'all don't tell me someone lied and then when I ask for the truth ya don't tell me..?
It's like no.
that's just some shit weather guys say
FOLLOW ME BACK
My flesh and my heart may fail, but God is the strength of my heart and my portion forever.
Psalm 73:26
Great that they're doing this but only posted numbers, not rates.
Could use CCD  seniors from last year to estimate rate.
Music is my life.
Whoever takes that away takes my life along with it thisiswhatido
SomeoneIWantToMeet she is another one of my biggest inspirations and I can relate to her music.
And she is flawless.
Exactly!
That is why!
The punmangan s are amazing  especially the ones!
Waffle Shop on Highland around 11:00
2XL means 2XL...not a weak Large...really?
you welcome
embrace change
A lesson I'm still trying to learn!
RT : A career is wonderful, but you can't curl up with it on a cold night.
Marilyn Monroe
No one said its gonna b easy, but its worth it.
Slowest oncamera talker employed by ESPN?
My gut says yes.
I think i need to sink my toes in the sand and take water breaks in a warm blue ocean...Let's break this mundane silence!
wait...so if you get blowjobs at 3am is it from someone in your complex that you hate!??
Lol
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
thank you so much !!
where you guys at ???
thank you very much!
good luck brother!
When everyone was ready to give up on and trade Carlson, I stuck behind my favorite player.
Not being dumb and trading him has paid off.
Quest Atlantis now approved for install...tweaking presentation for tomorrow's meeting...Can't wait to use it with students!
No problem...it's what we do!
Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd  Voltaire.
Someone text me im bored af!!!
aw thanks.
Miss you too friend.
Everything in moderation
Black history month in my family is when I'm reminded that I dated a Black guy.
Except we celebrate it around Chanukah.
Love them or hate them, the Yankees were the barometer of success for baseball and sports in the 20th century.
His name and last name start with a V.
Yes, he has a gorgee Butt.
Yes, you know him.
Yes, he's cute.
At the police station getting ready to do my first ridealong.
It's either gonna be super sweet or super boring.
We shall see...
No supermoon for Milwaukee, I guess.
Stupid clouds.
That'll happen when you follow 1300 people.
How can the world end in 2012 when i have yogurt that expires in 2013.
I hope so.
I really wanted to go to this one.
; Sarah's gunna go prob and meet him for like the 10th time :
Thanks for the follow
Hi, I thought this might interest you.
Good Morning
no shit you knew before me and i'm at home
EASY!
Get at me bro when your at 4 mil
have you talked to about Pakistan GIS layers?
They have a good team out there...
OMFG will some1 please take a sword and run me through omg im surrounded why is it ok for ppl to attack me but when i attack its wrong
Good luck!
RT : Getting ready for a big external review tomorrow.
Wish us luck!!
I guess I should have expected the loud geek contingent to be in the house for the Studio Ghibli retrospective.
are you coming down for jono's wedding?
Or the cruise?
just you and me on a boat for 5 days.
It'll be awesome lol
Still in a frump...maybe I do need ice cream
P90X2?
It's a 90 day fitness program with 13 different workouts....
but some how we magically own a bat?
just so you understand...
i know you knew me better
good shit.
this would be his 3rd.
crazy good
MTA BUS says they are not allowed to make a doctorver take a run.
if no one wants it  it goes unfilled!
We're open until 2am, actually.
let's go get food!
awesome fight last night.
U put a stamp on your standings at 155
just so you know, me and that monkey your holding had an 'oh what a night' moment before I gave him to you :
I see him wit me no Stevie Wonder
Jordan was a tremendous individual player but guys like Magic, Bird, Russell, Chamberlain, and Kareem changed the game.
The fact it's almost noon makes me feel better!
Four more hrs and I am outta here!
Liberal MP missteps in NBN Co ad rage  Delimiter
Meeting with the folks from the Librarian's Trip to Germany to talk about a possible recap program for the SDC!
Lol at the fact that my friends get shocked when I say I don't follow any one from my school except for legit 7 people OhWell Idc .
also truck/lorry, elevator/lift, etc.
One line of perl should do it.
;
Whitney was a beautiful amazing person.
her legacy will forever live on.
Just believe in me...
so funny.
Hubby and I heading to Madison in two weeks and can't wait to go to Graze.
Ate at L'etoile before.
Me and the kids had french fries for dinner...nothing else.
Sometimes you just have to have french fries for dinner.
What did you think of the Singapore adaption in your school?
For or against?
So happy that my 8yrold has discovered the Buddy Files books.
Thanks to the Bluebonnet Award list!
If my kid don't eat...then mama won't sleep what song that come from???
First right answer get a scratch off ticket lol.
R u ever in a killing mood?
I am..
you're welcome anytime :
Thanks !
I had a great mentor!
Good luck to your 49ers in the doctorft tomorrow night.
Cartoons and cereal 
that said, if that throw is on the right side of the base and Cutch was toast.
Thanks for the RT's and shout outs!
u can be the homelest of hermits, or foolishest of fops, but u still know the smell of a nose colored brown
Getting closer to making a BIG announcement...keep an eye out!
I dont believe in DQ, Im more of a Jack kind of person.
Yanno, curly fries ; yup.
For all your Web Design/Graphic Design needs I suggest you speak to
serious face..
yes, I know I did haha
Broadening my horizons by learning how to play the trumpet!
:
Hey Old friend : I miss you3
KLUSOZ GONNA BE CRAZY TONIGHT!!!
BRINGIN TO YOU A CRUNKMAS THURSDAY ONCE AGAIN!!
GET THERE EARLY...
CURNK ALERT IN FULL EFFECT!!!
C.I.T.I.
Love a nice ass in leggins or tight jeans.
I can't help it, I'm a booty man.
ImLovinIt  XavierLT.
com
Chrysler Debacle
that got me really sad, but i mean what can i do...
I really, really LIKE that rule!!!!
Why not make inquiries about getting invited?
Is it lost on anyone that Zimmerman has not been arrested,could leave town and noone will know???!!!!
Wat it do
TEFL chat in 10 minutes!
Bring your questions!
If you don't have questions, bring your expertise for those that do!
Ah the Newberry.
So urbane, sophisticated and stuffy.
I like it here anyways...
where else can you find such great stuff?
besides the fact he hates UK, and UK doesn't want a real football team that might compete for attention with BBALL ..lol
so whats on your mind?
Got to play rock star at Monday Recital Hour.
Told the 400 ugrads that they don't have to stand in line anymore to register.
Crwd went wild
I'm managing all my accounts  twitter, facebook, flickr, Gravatar, WordPress.
Yikes.
How do I put all this into my purple file folders?
is officially rolled out.
Come one come all for the celebrations.
The Fort Myers Film Festival is underway!
How appropriate that Bruno Mars comes on the radio while it's raining.
The Clinic is one month from today, register soon to make sure you reserve your place in Franklin St.
Gym.
seriously?
10.5 hrs?
so, so incredible
it was SO MUCHFUN
My mom remembers what she wore on her first date with my dad but not what year or game it was...
almost done studying, just have one subsection and im good
Just went kayaking on the intercoastal and was literally 2 feet away from wild dolphins and manatees, the dolphin kept jumping after fish 
CEO case studies, panels, roundtables,  the Founder of Travelocity.com are all on the Roadmap10 agenda!
Register now  www.roadmap10.com!
me to my cat as she looks for a bowl of chips i moved 3 inches away from its original position: you are SO STUPID.
I grabbed a vanilla latte that was absolutely perfect.
If I dare venture out next time, I'll try the tea!
Thanks for the rec.
HNY...even though most of us bartenders are working!
Can we count on a little extra tip tonight?
RT : Being day doctornk is more fun than being night doctornk.
currentlydaydoctornk
Not watching the awards, but she looked great in the movie, Contraband I saw at the movies.
Things Learned on Vacation 2: you can't make a right turn on red in Montreal.
Not that this stops some from making left turns on red.
Preparing for a Meeting with civil rights museum
For some reason I have seen several recent references to the Cassowary constraint solver.
What gives?
Browser layout seems to be closing in.
why did you and I never hang out before then?!
I hope you like this job better!
I'll be rooting for the one and only on Chopped ...
He's the one!
Don't worry.
I'm not so classy that I can't yell out a nice long boo now and then.
RT : Facebook now requires fan pages to host images/videos on custom tabs/apps on a server with an SSL Certwe do that!
great news!
thank you for your work in eliminating discriminatory voter ID laws.
impressive procrastination skillz u haz, teach me!
:D
are you still ??
So is it wrong to be listening to a Christmas tune by the Carpenters in March?
Ah, good ol' shuffle on Grooveshark.
Next up?
Barbie themes.
haha im not sexist i just don't care about women's basketball.
is it safe to doctornk the water or do we still have to boil it
Totes...
RT : I guess Conaway's  issues are bad enough she needs to lie about residency for tax purposes AND sue.
Not bad.
Legit.
Check it out overtoters RT: Totes
I hope the world knows there's a whole foster the people album, not just three songs.
WeWereCoolUntil you had to break the record Beliebers .
Damn this is such a good series, both teams playing so hard!
I hate that this is the first round.
But come on
haha, and I still got 'em, love!
I'll have to demonstrate in a club sometime.
Just signed up for August's Baltimore Foodmakers event.
The theme is peppers.
HappyBirthday !
In the newsroom, we are in the cake this week!
wow.
Good guess.
Yess mam.
Tell G pizzaTacos r on this weekend
Using twitter to become citzens of the world.
TwSIG with graphics
I see you talking on stream.
Turn your mic up!
:D
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
Robert Schuller
I saw a preview of For Greater Glory in Pasadena last night, and it is one of the most powerful films I have ever seen.
Gracias
got my FITDESK!!!!
Madison Pharmacy Associates pioneered bioidentical hormone therapy using estradiol, progesterone  testosterone in 70s.
First Vlib', now Autolib': a public system of selfservice, pointtopoint electric rental cars in Paris t.co/WFkafLn2 via
Just an awful night of hoops for the Oregon teams.
Beavers lose by 24, Ducks trailing by 30 in second half.
PAC10 awful.
Football anyone?
Acutally its my job, but thanks for taking over :
Ryan Hollins and Greg Stiemsma completely changed trajectory of this game.
Somewhere, Andoctorw Declercq is smiling
You make jumpshots with your footwork and layups with your vision.
Focus on these details when going through workouts.
FRONT.
BACK.
SIDE TO SIDE.
: I'm learning how to save and manage my money..
The perfect phrase
Our CIS dept once developed their own anonymous midterm course eval to give their faculty the opportunity for that dialogue.
that's a bet!
Haha I have a tournament so my excuse is I'm gonna be tired..
Again;
Really,We Are Nearly To The End Of 2011 And We Still Dont Have WaterProof Phones iWould Love To Text Talk On Da Phone While Taking A Shower
You bet!!
Thanks for the S/O!
Gm sexy lady xx
love it so cute
loving Boyce Avenue's cover of Taylor Swfit's song Last Kiss...so sad yet so pretty
Yes, I am once again tweeting about the beauty of Blackboard's rubrics.
Because I could NOT be more of a nerd.
More editing this morning.
Screening for some friends on Sunday in Burbank.
Isles officially eliminated from POs.
Fall to Bruins 63
Welcome to our Fan page!
: Dangerously high on the Cramps.
I shouldn't doctorve..
TONIGHT at 9pm ET!
World Report will air a 30 minute professorle on and Christian Persecution in the Middle East!
Is it just me, or is the sound pretty bad tonight?Could not hear Crystal sing.
I feel like I am in a subway, too bad for good show.
How many things have you run into in the last hour?
and this packet....and the project....
and the journal entries...and the history project....
and the history study guide...
and CCEs FWORD.
Watching The Real Housewives of Atlanta with Viggle Thu  7:30PM  Bravo Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Pussy so gud make u smacc ya lips!
Ok, as far as I'm concerned it's summer!
Amazing in NY today 
We should all give each other much more credit for trying.
::sotto voce:: Especially ourselves...
Tacos and margarita's!
Yup yup yup
Skimmer won't stay logged in for more than a few seconds.
Help?
White tshirt?
Wingfest?
Gonna be fuuuunnnn
lol oh no yours look fine 
'niqqas be on some slick stuff
1970!
Still married to the same sweetie!
Performing tomorrow night at Cafe Django with the Jeff Isaac Trio!
Come on down for an 8:00pm show!
No.
but I have been looking for a pic for that tour.
They are all so you.
Heck I was so young.
Check out our brandnew website  www.adamedelen.com.
We just launched it moments ago.
Being a Blazers fan is the most frustrating thing in the world.
Its me and you against every thing ....Lady by Peep it for urself www.whoistrillogy.com if u wana b my lady hop in ride w me
Yes!
We think Union's atmosphere is so fun!
The Abbey's too far from us but awesome place.
Goodnight!
Sleep tight!
QT : same here ok
Consider buying your Thanksgiving pie from to help those w aids and cancer.
W.mamaspies.org
I don't understand how my sister is going from ghetto rap to classic rock.
What kind of playlist?
Oo
I just found out that ah NBC is afraid of factories.
Apparently they haven't been in a factory for 5 years
Hope you had a good time in Australia!:
agreed this is bullshit
I hope it's up soon I have to be up for school in 4 hors and I'm so tired
Enjoying the 2011TENCon  Conference about software for insurance agencies
And SpiderMan's fruit roll up costumec'mon.
We all want to eat it!
It went great!
I am thinking about getting a BMW 320d Sport Automatic for a new car!
songsyoudontwannahearinjail Let's Get It On by Marvin Gaye
NYPL is beautiful.
Life is beautiful.
doctorving thru the burbs at night is similar to being in a corn maze
RT : SBWFF Salsa at Sea: Great food, champagne, doctornks, music, cigars andof coursea yacht ride through Miami.
TwoThingsIWant him  for this Cold to go away!
Classic.
Re: Wifi password fail.
Ghosts are real
yes I did toast it.
Not too crisp though.
haahah big hair or lil hair?
Is it wrong of me to already be laughing in my head because there is a possibility you wont remember the third lol.
MP3 or WAV.
Three audio tracks  PiP audio is the limit.
...I know that,lol
such a great book!
Not sure if I should take a concerta tonight to be awake on stage for the show...
last time it got me sick as fuck..
Hub gave thumbsup to buying a Shark to clean the floors in the new house.
He always surprises me with what he'll get behind.
DONE WITH FINALS!!!
It's going to be a great summer.
Yahoo!!!
Happy birthday !
Emma, yet again she tweeted page of desolation
Working on our pitch for today.
Glad to have two of these under our belts to learn from.
Hopefully our winning continues...:
he look like an actor...
from kurdistan that is, haha
i go to school and some how still manage to do it.
haha.
Check out the extra add functions on your BP page.
Let me know if u have any Q's.
; I need a new phone .
I see.
come back  do my homeworkk.
boo.
Woke up covered in glitter.
Either a unicorn vomitted on me last night or I slept with Keha.
Someone please tell me he doesn't exist.
With roids, of course.
: Lets do a modern family where gloria leaves al bundy for me because i help manny become a baseball star
Happy Friday to you too Quinn.
Have a great weekend!
do you ever sleep.
Lol
RT : Reminder mhsm chat tonight: 6 Word Memoirs about your
Thank you for believing.
Thank you for letting him live his doctoram.
WE LOVE MAMA MAHONE.
3
hey.
Happy Sat!
Check your DM.
Xoxox
We may not imagine how our lives could be more frustrating and complex, but Congress can.
Cullen Hightower
I knw EXACLTY how U feel about being on tour.
I've been homeless, no lie.
U just want YOUR own bed to YOURSELF.
: just want the same for you sister!
Everyone was taking one side I wanted to show that there are 2 sides to every story, that was it.
Happy birthday to my best friend !!!!!!
Would it still help if I only wear them at night?
I wear doctorsses/skirts to work, um, not a good look :/
Glenn Close really wanted that one.
Have fun Ryan!!!
Miss you Bob!!!
RT : Thanks BMax RT : safe travel to the Big Easy!
Talent does what it can; genius does what it must.
Edward George BulwerLytton
how confused do you get during Tribal council?
I've become one of those assholes who sits on an exercise ball at their desks.
WHAT TOOK ME SO LONG?
Please come to Las Vegas, I will take you everywhere then i'll fly back to Mexico city with you!
James Cameron now at bottom of Mariana Trench, 35755 feet down.
It's ABYSS for real.
Be afraid.
Be very afraid.
The Fly
Or 102!!
RT : Summer needs to stop showing off and become a little modest...we get it you can make it 100 degrees outside.
A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs
Morning, though.
Tomorrow!
Will be performing at Chicago's legendary Green Mill 2pm Lawrence and B'way Cocktails and music!
hopefully, will notice us one day:
We provide temporary staffing and directhire placement solutions to law firms, medical organizations, corporations, and other businesses!
So nice to welcome a new friend from Poland  orig.
home of my family.
Your salmon in basil sauce looks excellent.
I think you, and I tripled the amount of views on that video.
lol
Game opens in Victorianized classroom  opens onto London populated by mister Hyde, Sherlock Holmes, etc.
St.
Return to texts to design.
We are creating the railroad tracks for the DCcodeathon on IRC freenode citability right now and all day tomorrow!
join in!
Deals on clothes at summer flea!
Come on down, we will be here until 5!
I like sex but he is not fast just quick.
Maybe sex more as receiver out of backfield?
Music to start my morning !
Start Mo Morris today
Cultivating detachment from material possessions.
Om.
thanks so much man
Pizza  A Pitcher Night at RC's!
Buy a Pitcher  Get a FREE Pizza!
We also have 3 For 3  3 Miller Lite or High Life Shorties for 3!
Silly Bengals, football is for Pittsburgh.
Hell ya!
We just wrapped up practice, so unfortunately missed most the show.
We're with you in spirit though!
good morning jordan!
They shouldn't even have been in this match...
There was no penalty in the box, that was a horrible call
Oh, man.
I'd get lost going any other way, but that was rough!
hey i 3hollywood ending!
can u pls make a vid 4 me?
i will love you frvr!
tell them im jordan frm nyc and look  my pic!
plz!
160,000 and Old Kentucky Home
Never should have introduced you.
Didn't know it would be like that!
Fashion in the tent Park in Chicago.
Music is pulsing.
People are taking their seats.
Fun people watching.
Fashion in the city!
Good afternoon :D
I just have to say this: I gotta get out of this place, if it's the last thing i ever do!
Why can't life be easier and less difficult.
Thanks so much!
Ice cold Tampico in hand and a slice of cheesy pizza for lunch!
FTW!
Wow what a hottie!
So jealous ; ahaha
Will do Ed!!!
Thanks for supporting TeamSantana!!
New CandySwipe Update: 1.2.11 reduces freezing when in friends mode with bad connection and added option to move to SD card!
when i was a kid and i wanted to be older, this shit was not what i expected
Here we go!
I just got yelled at because my phone bill went up since I go on the internet too much for twitter..
: STINKY PEOPLE, Y U NO SMELL URSELF?
SwagLife Follow: 
i am!
I can't wait to watch it!
excite :
Well let me knock this out!!
I might tho for real...
We missed you!
Watching the remembrance of Mike Wallace.
Am reminded of how much I also miss Ed Bradley's intvs
You cant get mad if your woman is acting flaky or when she's doctorvingyoucrazy that's her job
Very close.
Amukamara had 203 thanks to the playoffs.
He had the 4th fewest.
VOX Dance Theatre AND The tractor races!
It's a big day in Tecate.
Off to roast some weenies with fam.
okay wtf that's so rude
I know it's a bikini but it looks like an evil face....
SCOTTIE!!!
THX so much for following us!!
Looks like you're doing well ;
Like the apartment?
NO!
THA HOUSE
who watched the super bowl today??
did you guys hear in the ads?
can you please have them take off the warning for weather on tv?
Takes up like half the screen we get it by now....
that shit is crazy!!!
I cannot believe, that that just happened.
There 2 benefits of failure.
1st if u do fail, u learn what doesn't work;  2nd, the failure gives u the opportunity to try a new approach.
Ready to rock this week.
Lots lined up, here we go.
I'm really in the mood for some oreos or goldfish or something like that.3
Sex is like software: For every one who pays for it there are hundoctords getting it for free.
Some things you can't unsee, but then again,maybe you don't want to either.
Great season Taylor, tough game on Sunday.
Overall loved your energy in the games.
Well done!!!
What's the one thing you get at 711 ?
All systems which reduce, restrict, or eliminate freedom in any way are systems which work against life itself.
Antoine Walker has got to be pretty broke to be embarrassing himself in the D League
I'm in Burbank  the weather is surprisingly pleasant.
I'm sure that will change w/in an hour or 2
I'm off today what is there to do????
haha.
Yes, did you get my invitation?...haha.
Which new friend are you taking about...haha?
Money In The Bank 2010 now.
Randy Orton/The Miz/Mark Henry/Ted Dibiase/John Morrisson/Chris Jericho/Evan Bourne/Edge.
Fuck.
as it should be.
Enjoy it fully, not as you do other things.
Now we got to get you one of those funny nozzle jobs for the pour.
i believe so!
any tips?
Happy Star Wars day!
May the Fourth be with you.
Quinton, you should go see tonight at the They are the best band ever.
Doors 9 pm
on the malls don't forget Westown at 35th and Berhany.
But Town and Country on my bike to visit Toy Cottage was the greatest.
Panthers have two primetime games AND play in DC?!!
I'm a happy camper right now.
How was everyones weekend?
Lots of foot traffic braving the autumnal mist downtown today
Staying home todaay made up an excuse that I'm making work up for mon LOL excuses tooearly going to NYC modeling abouttoasstillthen :
Exams next week.
Dear Lord no.
Holy cow brewers played with fire.
Can't believe Castro watched those 2 go by.
Recording today.
Nice!
is that you in your icon?
:o
FF stands for fondle Friday.
Thanks TSA for starting my day off right.
Still not as awkward a feeling as being a Knicks fan.
well thank you, they love attention!
;
can you pass a hair follicle doctorg test?
I might stop wearing makeup for the rest of my life unless modeling or on special occasion.
: Dora the explorer gave me a reach around handjob while boots was filming
Thanks for the retweet!
Hope others find Seth's info as valuable as I have in my online journey.
Hello my twitter BFF!: Haven tweeted you in a while!:
RT : Microsoft  Childoctorns Miracle Network giving away XBOX360s to hospitals w/the most votes!
Vote for ...
Had fun staying up to watch on thebachelorette last night w/the girls.
The Monday night tradition is back!
Almost done helping out on '111111' we're hearing lots of good things about 'Sinister'.
Let's go!
Relaunching the new brand!
Plant Life College administration office this is adam speaking, how may i help you?
more mac  cheese please!
haha
flip flops no feet Handicap but eat meat
Reggie Watts is the shit!
Hopefully me  my sis find my mom some white roses!
so promoted tweets get in my stream without my asking for them?
didn't we used to call that 'spam'?
I believe in loyalty  friendship, so it bugs me when shit like this happens from a supposed friend I tried to help.
Why do people act like they like u but they don't like u,I mean I just tell them I don't like them instead of pretending
In Florida.
Where are YOU?
Could have another meaning, Matt.
Like ...doesn't block the plate....
Basically, some fucking fucker is dinging all Amazon Vine reviewers.
where's the lobby?
Ha!
RT : Democratic process?!?
Is she new in town?
Screw the lightbulb and pat the dog
Waking up sore???
Didn't sleep well???
Well get your hiney into Mattrezzz Guys and let us help you pick out a new mattress set!!!
Dear Snow I freakin hate you You always cum out the blue I hate u I hate u i hate you.......
Can you please stop by 3.
I gotta work
well it was fucking hilarious!
Seattle LBLD longboard if I was t do addicted to my longboard I would probably open my store sooner....
Na June 1st works!!
Give me time!
Statistically speaking that is.
One win JV had, then lost.
i think i'll go for some bike scene and get even more angsty for the day
New york city!
After the signing my friends and I are going to the city to promote cody in times sqaure.
Come say hi.x
omg you record in studios sojealous i wish i could do that
thanks : mine was stolen 6 mos after I bought it  it's nice to finally have a laptop again..
PC..
he'd never allow the other ;
Enjoyed learning some more advanced scripting in BASH this afternoon.
The beauty is that I can use my already familiar unix commands.
Celebrating the Award of Excellence Winners tonight!
Congrats all!
it's not what you think it is!
come to Chicago!!
I LOVE and
At least upload some pics so we can see them, too.
That sounds really cool!
Make your plan now to attend Peace Corps Connect: Minneapolis 2012.
Tons of resources for careers and much more!
We are crazy for YOU!
Come back soon :
There are as many nights as days, and the one is just as long as the other in the year's course
Yayy twitterlessAnge finally has a Twitter!!:
RT if you're watching the GoldenGlobes tonight and tell us who you're rooting for.
Looking for email client recommendations.
Gmail is dead to me.
Losers quit when they are tired...winners quit when they have WON
you should see my gnarly scar.
It looks like a big question mark.
I feel so great today, it's unbelievable!
Fair to middling.
Should give you a call.
Can't tell if my dog is trying to growl while snoring, or if he might have sleep apnea.
Twitching feet probably indicate the former.
I feel like on the Day of the Rapture we should all splurge for new clothes lol
3WordsForYou Juicy J SUCKS.
The similarity between mister Mistoffelees and Karl Rove is uncanny.
It's up and running...
Now, I am working on partnering
ha I need some
one of the funniest trips ive ever been on
I dunno...shall see, they actually haven't DL'ed him yet
Are you in Denver?
Blake misses 1 second to go
New life skill to start out the new cycle integrity making good choices, even when no one is looking Can't wait to hear our ninjas ex.
Fuck man!
Why do you decide to go live when I'm at work!?!
Asshole!
My mom is so strong  the most amazing woman i know, she raised 3 girls on her own pretty much and i cant explain how much i love her.
At American University w/ fellow student activist for a Conflict Free Campus Conference.
Thanks for putting this together.
Rachel Masters from got into social media organicly.
Plus she is working with Incubus!
My hero!
Had the comm senior dinner tonight.
Brewery redid the whole back patio.
like I am a legitimate palm reader...if you'd like I would read your palm for a free tan
Getting ready for the Greatest Spectacle in motor racing, Indy 500 Sun 5/30 9am ABC
RT : Thanks  for an awesome, inexpensive weekend in Tahoe.
75 in charges, post Zimisterde earnings.
And...
i would like to give a shout out to giavonnis pizza for serving us every monday
ayyyyyyyyyy Joey Bats
LOL Steve...would that be The Symbol Formerly Known as Alpha?
hell yeah lol
I have the similar problem with you due to my dog.
I think you'd better put the charger away from your pet.
Nick Nolte was arrested on this day in 2002 for doctorving stupid.
Loved his mug shot.
Ok.
Advice: Never say I told you so.
Just cross your arms, smirk and think, Haha, BITCH!
at the person.
:
I was just called GAY again I mean my necklace says Never Say Never not I Like Men or something!!!
Gosh!!!!
Still wearing it with proudness!
did you tell ma ?
STEELERS BABY!!!!!!
Lakers problem is not putting in.
No that was me, just doing my late follows and being cheeky.
i hope Patrick goes to USC too.
He could be a great movie producer director  actor.
congrats KATY S!
ur kids r so precious!
just got flashed...by my sister...
roid rage, makes him the wild card.
not even Gandalf could bring her back to life...
Best.
Tweet.
Ever!
RT : Does Facebook's purchase of Instagram mean we're gonna start seeing really vintagelooking sonogram pics now?
RT : CDC just gave shout out to Henrico county schools  field of doctorams farm for bringing fresh local food to schools.
yes!...
You've just been to the mall, haven't you?
its like giving yourself a high five
I didn't think love was woth fighting for, then I saw you and I was ready for war
When's the next show?
Good to know!
They just look so small.
If you need a dose of rational thinking, a voice of reason, follow I love Coffee With Jesus.
Steve Jobs haiku bit.ly/pN4UBW
A: I'm kinda ready for bacon to be over.
But I feel like there are still bacon insurgencies, y'know?
And mustaches.
Omg, they made a polo 1,2,3,4 for girls now!
dig the site.
Hope to learn more about SEO.
check me out at brokeassarts.blogspot.com
Well at least they are patient at the plate.
go into Apple itunes movies ..
tv shows a couple free there
Oh the things you hear people say in public
Thank you.
Not a surprise.
we gotta link up asap
Really?
I don't remember that.
Did I just not hear the phone?
Trivia Night!
NO WAY ME TOO!
CONGRATS!
and i may, ive been super busy but ima do what i can.
u?
Sometimes If you love it so much, why don't you marry it?
is truly a wise saying.
i have to agree with tht cause they dont
Perspective MT : The 28M that the Colts would have had to pay Peyton represents the annual income of 1,294 Indy residents
Started a new 100mm macro flickr group.
I am guessing better then the real thing!
I didnt know u were OSU raised!
Same here!!!
Born at OSU, raised OSU, will die OSU!!!
GO BUCKEYES!!!
Where is the best bar in Seattle?
oh hell yes
Ha!
Thanks!
Unless you can take over the 800 issued but not turned on for radiothon tomorrow?
The older I get, the weirder the stories get, when I doctornk.
that smile was beautiful
So elated Miss made it to the final two!
Tell Diddy to take that!
face down ass up, thats the way i like to..
look for something that fell under the couch.
Wine wine wine!
Come get your wine on for cheap tonight!
Bound, determined and somewhat GAGGED!!!
Ignorance is bliss but sometimes it's just fuckin' stupid.
where where you?
Strange matter has the best in town
You look like a cute Tijuana hooker
adsf Tweetie for Mac has issues showing multiple accounts
u need a wikipedia page 2!!
we are about to explore and share photographs  stay tuned
Hey thanks for the shoutout!
its only 8racks
too funny
McDonald's for Los
I tell my dad I'm not getting in the pool bc it's 50 degrees out and he says I'm paying 100 to heat it you're getting in for an hour!
hah
yep!
Hey check out www.coolrunning.com.
Good site and you can follow on twitter.
YouGetPointsIf you score.
birthday girl!
Liked that Ferriero mentioned sex collections at the preservation section
It's National doctornk Wine Day!
What will you be celebrating with?
Looking for lawn care in Madison, Milwaukee, Fox Valley or Rockford call Weed Man Lawn Care!
I do critiques for colleagues in private, quite in depth  but not a lot of public reviewing.
Exceptions for life changers.
Anonymous LinkedIn User...show yourself!!
conversation is sharing ideas, collaboration is building them
duhh i already told you to come here!!
all is well just real busy
Any dope beats??
send them to
Not one starter on the Macs is less than 30.
tripodshawty RT RT : I want to make a video...
just heard the Whitney news.
RIP
Make sure youre getting your daily dose of Vitamin D  a recent study found it helps improve your overall mood!
Watching the Avengers in 20 minutes!
That's Cluse, there, autocomplete
damn then idk when
Panel is still open!
We're gonna get it in!
I love having a girlfriend that works for Marriott.
RT : So if your insurance doesn't cover acts of God and you're an atheist, does that hold up in court?
I hear that!!
I've been pretty busy these days 2!
Hit me up next time your in town
Springsteen for president!
Yes!
She gave me the plastic and I quit tipping the wastebasket!
That's all I wanted.
I like it and it's mine.
came here to follow you only to realize I already do!
and me soon to be under the same roof!!
An answered prayer, and a prayer request allinone..
Don't forget!
If Freedom Ford can't beat a deal from another dealership by 250 on a like truck or SUV, you get 25 IN GAS!
This morning, your friendly neighborhood host exclaimed, it's almost April!
and ordered his costume...
Are you prepared for May 26th??
Wave will start 2nd half with powerplay for first :33
Count Basie, Duke Ellington, Quincy Jones...African American Philharmonic Orchestra really swings!
I NEED A BOOK
End of the day
Prado is the best restaurant in the park.
The Sculpture Garden is also great, and lessexpensive
R.I.P.
Bubba Smith!
Haha wait till you see the list of bartenders that will be tweeting on this page!
thank u
Why is The Clash's London Calling NOT on Spotify?
This is rhetorical but depressing all the same.
exam at 10:15.
Jesus be with me.
help me remember all this stuff i stayed up studying for.
Bubbley, perhaps.
Shrewd more likely.
10 CPA, if even, for 500k new LivingSocial customers not too shabby
Gosh,i have Tweeted in forever
Really now he's taken my followers...really bro...
Basketball game 2morrow  rice
good morning and I hope you a wonderful day!
The roads are all still block even down the street where I'm at.
New artist Remo in the booth tonight
Thanks for the love to our social media fans.
We appreciate all of you.
Have a great weekend!
Having lots of fun learning RedBeanPHP.
I am just starting to get through the ORM bits.
Almost ready to sign off of the Twitters for a week: a glorious week of playing in the sand, hanging out w/old friends, not working.
4 hrs of sleep bro, and now I'm doing homework  ...
which has to be done in about 2 hrs.
This ought to be interesting ...
Gettin' jacked!
Only 5 days until Rugged Maniac  Jax.
Team Servant Warrior will be ready.
Armor Up!
RT : T3 The importance of advance care planning is clearly our passion, how do we as a community inspire others  engage in
it's not wrong
needs to quit being a cunt and accept her
Still enough time to get down to to see the beautiful 35mm print of Huston's 'The Misfits.'
RT: Royals calling up 2B Johnny Giavotella from Class A Omaha.
Influence is at the heart of getting online momentumsays SVP, Digital Marketing , couldn't agree more!
since I'm tired, Pandora has decided to find every slow, la la song known to music
the word you're lookin for is swagtastical
Fuck a bitch new saying by
Harvest Fair  WI State Fair Park starts tomorrow.
Visit the Youth Foundation/Tshirt booth  get a Blue Ribbon Sandwich at Saz's.
tweet at us if u want 2 ask panelists a question!
MT MT
don't let him talk to you like that
We are a equal opportunity call taker, Yo!
meet ,  vice versa!
Two such nice people should know each other, really.
o, sounds good!
We'll have to add DC Noodles so that you can leave a review comment :
Added Blackstreet to that last tweet.
OMG!
was just going to text you about that!
we ARE twins!
do you have any interest in seeing the roommate?
i LOVE leighton!
Thanks for the follow!
WE hope u have a chance to dig u some Secret Skwirl.
Best  success!
Thanks and !
direct to screen up and running...basic traing done, have to integrate with art and production
omg that's the exact quote that came to mind when I saw it all happen!!
oh no!: hope everything's okay..
Birthday today!!
getting older but feeling younger
Jared and The Subways fatbands Andoctorw M.
You know you love your job when you go in early just because you're excited to get things done.
RT : JPMorgan loses 2 billion, betting on credit default swaps.
Do these people never learn?
Answer: No.
yep!
It was founded in 1903.
Portland show is July.
We'll be there 2x this summer.
I'll get you details and contact info for our friends.
Pumped for you.
wishing suggs a good recovery.
You n that D will still wreak havoc
the hit was fine othwise it would doctorw a penalty.
I hope he is okay.
When I moved to Baltimore a record store downstairs from work was the  danger, now it's J.Crew in my school building.
Did you have to lead off with the word memories?
I almost fainted deadaway....
Legally Blonde with my family!!
: sure to be a great night!
What  of Obama supporters pay Federal Income taxes?
Headed to Toby Kieths w/ and to celebrate a Tommies win!!
Two different styles of show though.
Scandal is pure overthetop soap while Revenge is more layers and plot.
: .
thanks for saying hey.
Punk wins!!!
Now he going to the Gorilla Position and tell Rock and Cena to top that
trying so hard for Louis to tweet me happy birthday!
A1: I'm Heather from Cleveland.
Mary Kay is my primary but I'm also with SOC and WowWe.
yes!
oh yes!
Hahaha!
Re: Carpenter ants....
Combos were invented in the mid1970s!?!??!
Literally just broke down because I'm so stressed right now...
I have officially counted 9 mentions of Al Smith
Dont want to get up :
oh Jason, you so smart:
Where did my whiskey go.
Welcome to Twitter!
I grew up on Golden Girls!
Thank you for being a friend!
I don't think I'll be your somebody but at least for now I can pretend to be.
: Meaningful connections means to have purposeful activities, be relevant and continuous SMSS12
Matthew Rubery, U.
of London, Canned Literature: The Book after Edison's Phonograph, Mon.
2/27, 5 pm, Van Pelt Library, U Pennsylvania
Husband is doctorving as fast as he can...
Almost home but my dvr is set....
I can't wait!!!
Major AmericanBeer is no longer about the Beer.
Rather it's about gimmick packaging.
SMH
R Boots to Suits program matters!MT : President Obama: Congress should help our veterans returning find jobs 
this is how I feel right now
COLDPLAY  ANIMALS LYRICS
WordPress Tools Cool Weather  Allows visitors to see the weather forecast for any location they choose.
Back at the gym finally gettin ready for JerzDay ;
I'm thinking of doing UPA too, but you can do BOTH if you skip a day of UPA.
What it do?!
well I know what not to do next time I'm at your house lol
Dear, Milwaukee  Go See Here We Go Magic  Hospitality at Stone Fly tomorrow night.
Really.
It'll be great.
Yours, Colin.
wow what an error
on show discussing the roles of cofounders
so gotta see the lucky one next friday !
:
don't get hung up on the details.
you are a musician!
New Promotions.
3 Course Chef's Tasting Menu w/ Wine Pairing 30, Red and White Wine Flights, Wine Bar Specials!
Come in where it is warm.
Sometimes when I'm typing like a maniacI feel like my fingers are going to fall off!
give the cubs the T tonight!
Happy new year y'all!
I'm asking if Jefferson commits to Kentucky, will that effect Anthony Bennett decision
No problem : enjoy yourself!
Pool side, 90 degrees, sunny and 90's pop radio playing on pandora.
Life doesnt get much better.
Thanks so much for joining my movement.
Strictly for Divas  Gents!!!
Thought I had to go to Montreal for Poutine!
Thanks for the rec.
You are only going to get out what you put in.
Just because you went to college for half your life doesnt mean someone owes you a career.
New listing!
Larkspur Cottage Rental for 1200 in Marin!
Contact us at www.marinleasingteam.com!
Thank you Better Buzz Coffee for getting me through this Monday.
That's a real flavor, by the way.
Just saw a baby in a camo onesie and a fedora.
Welcome to Dumbo.
So good networking with our community's young professorssionals!
Their 2012 initiative: Health and Wellness RocCityRising cc
Good thing we never went kayaking in that creek...
I just don't have the patients for ppl any more Idk what it is!
Its like I'm always on 9 waitin for a mofo to knock me to 10!!!

thx for the support!
We still need to figure out how we can work together!

please don't support the vile and hateful words of Rush Limbaugh  he doesn't deserve a platform for spewing his garbage.
Do you realize as time goes by so are we?
So live each single day to the best of your ability, never know time might say this is your last
Are you smarter than a 5th grader?
Then tutor an elementary school student whos homeless!
Email Sandy, !
Headed home from NC
Nick Jonas...its i guess more about their friendship
you should come to one of our concerts in Cincinnati and spread the word on those head phones.
I want a pair!

Ppl confuse being shy  quiet as stuck up or arrogant.
Sadly mistaken.
Hey Lady!
glad to see you on twitter!
How bad can it get for the 24!!
I knew that was you at the Thai spot lol.
Good time at Oak Saturday, cool spot buddy.
I'll be there Saturday bud!
what's a BOG?
Who wants to doctorp out with me..?
Enjoyed the Iranian film Circumstance winner of Sundance Audience Award 2011.
Forbidden attraction in Tehran, morality police  more
NO JUST DM ME SO WE CAN TALK I GET LOST IN ALL DEES TWEETS PLZ PLZ PLZ PLZ
I thought they were right about the deerkinda weird and wasteful that they let Carl walk up to it, no?
Just in case u needed another reminder, we appreciate all the hard work u all do!
Time to make the HAVES pay their fair share!
She is the neat one 
Learning lots about the travel industry
How many of the people who decry gay marriage would have been the mfs in the 60's saying black/white marriage was a travesty?
Day by day, the warmth grows cold.
Day by day, the light slowly dims.
Day by day, her heart breaks.
Day by day, she loses hope.
is still one of my favorite leading ladies.
I don't think I will ever get over my crush on Winnie from The Wonder Years.
3
And now I'm staying up too :P
Thanks for sharing the latest news Adoctorenne!
i hope he is and he can get over with SELENA!
Can't wait for at with on Sept.
22!
I hate how im pressured to make a decision.
Joey from friends is the sexiest man ever.
Free Medicine Discounts  Savings up to 35  CVS  LIPITOR 
sounds like a rough night.
Sorry to hear about poor Twitch.
10 followers away from 700 3 love all of you
Spring Social will be a picnictype occasion; precise venue TBA.
Thanks for the order guys!
where is that?
I was just told i have a sultry voice at work.
lol
be sure to sign up for a beta invite and we'll be glad to schedule a demo for you!

I didn't think it was possible to get irritated so much in just one minute smh
CELI YOU SAW IT TOO!?
LOL
they could go in a down word spiral like they are known to do.
Or lose prince or a good sp.
From what I understand, the training is more about learning proper documentatation, etc.
Its so hard to save yourself from yourself
yeah!
We don't even follow each other lol
Welcome to KC!
Now we just need to make you a new background!
haha
HAHAHAHAHA!!!!!
That is my favorite tweet I've read all break!!
: Rick James episode on...
Not helping my sleep probs ChappelleShow fuck yo couch..
arg...its in my car ...to lazy to go check...ill let u know in the morning
Shouldn't you be preparing for Mother's Day?
RT : So to all the HEAT haters sorry we won again.
30 right now.
cause you are on my mind...
When did it become the MercedesBenz Superdome?
We think a more apt title is '76 Cadillac Superdome.
Aceves unsung hero for the Sox!
Just don't fall recklessly, headlessly in love with me, cause it's gonna be, A heart break, blissfully, painful insanity.
aw thank you baby
You are so right my friend
Fuck you and you and you
Unfortunately, no  There's no way you guys could possibly deliver to DC, is there...??
lol.
wtf david stern?
...and the Comic Con geekery begins spilling out onto the net!
Listen in tonight at www.WZZO.com for  If you live in the PA Lehigh Valley area, tune into 95.1FM
I am also a junior curling champion in Alberta, Canada!
Change a Fake friend for a Real enemy
can you give us a shout OUt we are very new to twitter?
Check out our new ad in the Improper Bostonian!
We're booking for holiday parties and corporate events!
Get it!
Good luck.
Afternoon: Social Media from the Ground Up
are you presenting?
Don't know much about web design for a company website?
Don't worry, Google Places is simpler.
everything hurts.
congrats!
RT : .
One year already!
Exciting stuff  Congrats!
It is available on amazon...if you buy from Wiley use HAE20 for a discount ;
Now you KNOW he won't.
Not all is lost though, you're giving me a good laugh!
:D
Just had interview for American BMX magazine about sport psychology, interviewed by Lovely guy from a rather stormy Arkansas.
love ur tweets
Welcome, new followers!
I hope your day is looking as sunny as mine is!
listening to SaySomethin right now : love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3
It's hard to be humble with ancestors like mine!
Reports that Ray J was with Whitney Houston and was the one that found her dead!!!
Everyone Follow and because they're spreading the good word.
Grand total of 3 papers achieved.
Time for a walk in the sunshine!
I wanna use LaFleur's, Hartnett's and Wallace's books on Latin inscriptions  graffiti to build a stagebystage collection for my classes.
No Casino is my vote, it may look nice but is that really going improve downtown?
When you start trying to pick out names for a baby, you realize how many jerks you know with different names
Tryna figure things out on a better level
I see them winning in Phx but won't have intensity to win in Nashville on Wed.
I hope I'm wrong but history says they can't
haha just saw this noww.
did you end up goingg?
:
Not that your best player has to lead you in scoring...
And, 80s Pistons/Lakers were a while ago.
SCREW YOU DUMB APP YOU DON'T KNOW ME
Hi Tweepsu can c ladies in the Front Office found Google Translates lolIt's nice b/c we can say THANKS now in many tongues!
Yay baby :
It's funny how quickly you realize who your fairweather friends are...the thing that makes all relationships successful...
yea i feel you!
its laid back!
you up now!
lol
That's true and folks with money on the line are also more likely to reach their goal!
time to turn up!
lol
religion is pretty warped.
But some of us sincerely believe in God and not man's institutions
Oh I just started listening to the audiobook of American Gods!
I really liked The Graveyard Book by Neil Gaiman too.
is amazing.
and has sharp wit.
and she bakes cupcakes.
and tolerates when i work late.
and buys me lots of things.
SteakPrease?
Daddy God is RIGHT ON TIME!!!
ptl!
Chick stay on sm stingy shit...an then wonder why I stay lookin at some body elses juice box...gtfoh lol
Oh god.
.
She's probably like Wait, whaaaa?
Newest food obsession: black bean burgers.
B/t that and the roasted chickpeas, I feel like a bean queen.
too high of expectations
HAPPY MOM DAY !
FROM LUCYWATCHES STOP BY SUNDAY FROM 112PM FOR YOUR FREE ROSE !
OPEN SUNDAY FROM 112PM
doubt it
Fouryearold quote of the dayNo, me for real!
Such a lovely day..hanging in the backyard with my friends and my family.
Life is great.
LOL!!!
I'm glad someone knows what I mean!
Oh, and OUCH!
My day isn't turning out so good but it does feel great outside oh and follow me I'll follow back
I hear doctorpal.org is under a DDoS attack at the moment.
Why would someone do that?
black and yella
Overtime at work.
Yay for more money!
Boo for long hours.
And sitting on hold a lot
So glad you're on thevoice.
I've been a fan since u were on Rock Star INXS.
You rock!
LOL don't even stress.
I got swamped with crap to do too.
Lets shoot for Monday?
Yes IM GREAT!
Todays my birthday!
sum dat was said?.
.
.ok
All the Positive Come In!!
I feel so Good Jesus I Love You
needs to turn up the vocals
Ah, what a gorgeous rendition of The Prayer!!!
Bravissimi!!!
Good morning Denise :
Goofiest comment about Zombie Housewives of the Apocalypse so far  a debate over which page is the sexiest.
Christmas is so neeearrr!!
It's so exciting!
Catch JuliaLouisdoctoryfus tonight on David Letterman, promoting the Baltimore filmed VEEP!!!
haha I just turned 23 in April, I meant more as im around Louis's age than the other boys :p but I'd cougar hazza anyday
You know your best friends when you sit there in the same room while they have sex.
And then don't you wish your girlfriend came on...
no prob!
;D
Bringing Home Financial Transparency
FF my great friend.
:D
Everybody have that friend that irritate the fuck out of them
You too!
I just submitted my story.
around my ankle where her symbol is
believe the plan is to def come by tomorrow.
But will def see u soon!
Agree.
Don't mess with Bon jovi.
Tim Tebow already working on throwing motion...No joke, who woulda thunk it?!?...
Polacco is a great choice.
Lots of books, social studies connections.
Will investigate if 4th grade covers in class.
This Sunday is Mother's Day!
Bring mom for some delicious food, served hot and fresh to her, from us, she'll thank you :
download the app JunoWallet and earn 0.25 JunoCredits.
Enter my Invite Code 'DX905940' when prompted.
Special thx to everyone who made poetry night Haiti Awareness Month so rewarding.
Let's do it all over again.
wrote some notes for a screenplay...quirky romantic comedy...AT ODDS...retraining the heart to love what's real
The Misfits!
3
beat you to it this morning bud.
5:40 am on a Saturday!
this is awesome news!
we'll make a foodie roadtrip to visit whatever esteemed eatery you land at!
but y u no follow us austy
does the coupon work in vancour because i was planning on going for a bike ride there and might need a place to eat but fir
To get where you want to go you can't only do what you like.
Peter Abrahams
bored in fayetteville, nc bitchez
The Cult?
Edward Kennedy I think what actually works best is locallevel individual targeting of key leadership nodes
Now that I got that outta the way...
It looks great.
Can't wait to get the issue.
Woke up feeling Terrible
I'm online :P
Whatever it is I got..it's clearly appealing
Bur it's chilly out 2nite
brushes tears away.
gets up, dusting myself off i shouldnt ...
shakes head, walks down steps away from the house
We hope you are hungry because Family Night is starting right now!
Get deals until 8pm tonight.
Happy Presidents Day !
What are shin splints called when they make it all the way up to your hips?
Because baltimorechallenge gave me those.
awh.
Is there ANY WAY she'd let you stay so you can be with us?
:D
Love the open road.
Austin bound?
What are you moving to now that is shutting down?
Florence and the Machine are playing at Mohegan Sun?
Damn, times are tough
I remind myself everyday I aint shit yet, i havent done shit yet  that i can always do better.
bed?
Lol where r u in the world?
What exactly are we exacting revenge on?
Hey gorgeous peoples, I forgot my phone at home.
I'm going to DM you my office line so we can connect about lunch.
Just saw 's Asian doppelgnger on campus.
Tripped the fuck out.
watching a program on 9/11.
amazing how emotional i'm getting.
Just like the day of.
:
Who's the actor who plays the carnie in Big?
I want him to follow me around to respond with that line to strangers who talk to me.
It would have been nice if grabbed herself down there like back in the day
So people can clearly see him selling.
Overheard yesterday: He said my hair looked like Madonna's.
That is NOT a compliment.
She is, like, SO OLD.
Such a great film though!
Maybe one of Allen's best?!
lol I know right?
FF Fashionable Fridays
Be the ball!
Now I need to go check out the Reagan Presidential Library  Museum just to see GuideCam in action!!!
We could ask Jasper to get you a shirt.
HEY!
mister Rager!
mister Rager!
Tell me where you're going!
Tell us where you're headed!
I'm on my way to Heaven..
I procrastinated on my taxes till last night.
I paid 6687.87 in mortgage interest last year.
Why the fuckkkk am I still awake right now?!???
InsomniaProbz 
Much love to you brotha been wit you since yall first doctorpped Big Lex 1st family ent
You make me smile 3
Kali Nixta....
Tomorrow another day to kick ass!!!!
Feels like this adderal has finally wore off, goin to try to sleep for a couple hours, exam at 11.
Can someone call and make sure I am awake
Great Practice today..Pic's will be up later...
dont fly fast O pilot can ya help me Can ya make this last dis plane is all I got So keep it steady now Cause every inch ya see is bruised
my pleasure.
thank you :
oh nice, I'll let you know for sure!
Enjoy the wedding!
Diabetes Day, National Spanish
Turkey sausage is surprising good dipped in applesauce!
So much better than pepperoni.
Half a century in this world already, and I still can't get used to its predictability.
How is that even possible?
Did the previous guest just walk out with it?
RT : Secret to social media success  meeting people IRL...
Thx  thank you, Steve!
When you lay in bed and have a billion thoughts going through your head.
I love hot cheetos :
What Girls Are Up Lol,, Mention Me :
Cheering on the Rangers !
After an amazing SMU win!!!!!!
TCU who????
Up bright and early!
Already emailing clients and planning ways to get the most out of my day.
Make it a great one, my friends!
Thank you for your support for my artist also please ck out my other artist.
disappointment right there
the coaches probably will be mad
Kori so are DAMN right about Sydney...shes a JEALOUS BITCH...!!!
Are you in NOLA?
Enjoying one of your favorite cities for food?
Just loaded up the first 1000 invites of the new year.
They'll go out over the next week and a half.
:
Good night everyone: and don't forget Friday headlining for my official Bday party:
I treasure each moment i breathe and walk with you I choose to inspire others to walk and breathe your light with me The more love more luv
Apologies for Delay
I know been there done that
Way too excited for the morning can't sleep!!
:
Finally made a Twitter!!!
didn't I see the Prez Airlock that guy once :
shut up 
no time like the present.
I just started 25 tomato plants, so I'll have extras.
You have a yard or balcony?
doctornking moscato  sangria with my bae
New EcoChic  LED landscape lighting!
Unlimited outdoor lighting possibilities...bring harmony to your outdoor area....
i need sum1 New to talk to:
I was riding with an Atheist, when the Brakes went out.
The Atheist screamed out, 'Help Me Jesus!'
Seeking TO/GTA job advicewriter/preservationist w/ experience  passion for researching/interpreting builtheritage  architecture.
Ideas?
Haha, my door blew open.
S/O to the Bengals for a great first half
Casey Anthony's next Book If I Did it 2 RT
Should I break out my Zune or use my phone as an mp3 player....
hm
or La fiesta y un bao caliente?
Going out for Lunch,,,I am looking to establish a planet lovers association,,any ideas,,please advise me
You didn't hit me up and we were ready to purchase!
congrats on going to Seattle.
Was hoping GB would end up taking you, but the Seahawks are getting a great guy  good luck!
like the app...is the TXNR609 supported?
Cant wait to see my folks for grilling out tonight!
you sign up??
Hah
Need hosted predictive dialing services to JUMPSTART your call center?
www.magnalogix.com 18664666611 Start150/month today!
My phone does this cute thing where it doesn't send messages
Thanks for the Pacman update!!
Now we just need the and to win and make it an excellent weekend
Well, My Mom Has Officially Became TeamMindless : , You Have A New MindlessMom :
the next person who ever does that to me is literally going to die
but he's being totally sarcastic though
more Manning than Tebow please
How are you by the way?
Thanks for the mentionwe actually have six books!
RT You would love This I Believe.
Two books out.
Good stuff.
nicity and class, media research and criticism and Journalism practice and criticism.
I am pretty sure that is the same one.
They open everyday and close at night.
Still have 4 primary cast members from this show I need to meet...
and I likely never will...
yes SIR!
Hey, so glad you have trained the great Texas Golfers!
I don't know about Broadway Linda, but I'm definitely going to do more theater!
: now she hates me again.
.
.
nobody fucking said I hate your ignorant ass
Big Q who owns the content of your mind?
: if natl survival is the question, our tolerance for compromise increases.
1/2
There's a rotisserie chicken guy at the Civic Center farmers market that's pretty good.
Soaks up the fat w/ quartered potatoes.
i, of course, have no desire to consume alcohol tonight.
Especially with the fact that I'm doctorving.
I have that  a multisport book of his photos I was given in the midtolate 70s.
I think it was just called Sports.
By being yourself, you put something wonderful in the world that has never been seen before.
You are unique indeed!
So on my exam there was a question that said Jerry, so i doctorw an arrow to it wrote  lol;  today my teacher said something about it :D
that's the sweetest instagr.am picture ive ever seen.
no, i couldnt goo!!
didnt have a ride to get there!!
i was so sad, i wanted to see them soo bad
You're such a city boy!
history in the makin.....new project title release soon...l8te summer..follow 4 mo info
Pretty sure I just spent more money on the underwear I'm going to wear on sat to the Jdoctor Gala then the actual doctorss.
your cup is poured lol
Happy Birthday Bro!!
I already know bro and hell yeah I'm gud
And as I tuck myself in...
Happy birthday again
Good day, city have done it and Arsenal secure 3rd, and for banter liverpool are down at swansea
One Week One Tool?
I wish I played football for UK even though we suck, it would still be sick to play in the SEC
Ppl that complain about how annoying it is to open each text message separately need to stop being cheap n get an iPhone
NEW!
Understanding Blog, Social Media and Search Engine Usage by Industry
It's hip to be square
what are some good songs?
Please, let's not portray Brett Favre as some victim.
He's an overrated quarterback that should have retired years ago.
everybody follow
These are my rat babies!
get some sleep girl, gotta get up and make that money :
Digital Jazz Reviews digitaljazznews.blogspot.com
u gonna stay up with B if we let him nap then watch badgers game??
So , , and EricL been hinting at snow for Sat night/Sunday.
NWS calling 4 rain.
I'm in the rain 2 snow camp.
I don't have a gambling problem.
Those people who lose have a gambling problem.
on awhile ago
Writing a newsletter on Diet Colas and how they can affect your health.It's scarry!www.DeliciousAndHealthy.com
no but it smelled fantastic :
Tonight at 6pm we have to help trend Bring Back Ringer in an attempt to help save the show.
thanks for all the song suggestions so far ...
now, what songs should we never play ???
I  him I know I do
On that more then just love call it spiritual influence.
Yeah you should go if you have time, definitely a good place to see the beauty of nature.
cool links!
I'm enjoying your tweets.
You keep writing the good shit and I'll keep reading it  promise!
I know, right?
Seemed like such a good idea at the time.
Easiest, and last, day of classes...
: I'll try and give my pillow some head now.
Goodnight tweeps!
; LMAO!
Nite
I need help...
I'm thinking about making one channel to post all my videos on, but I can't use GrantSpell, what should it be?
so in the mood for indian food..
m
please follow me i love George 3 you are fans of george 3
Loving people live in a loving world.
Hostile people live in a hostile world.
Same world.
lets go to the lake tomorrow.
:
I just did real life for about an hour.
Don't try it.
So excited for our show at !!!
Its May 9 at 8:15 our set is only 30 min so don't be late!!!
We will be styled by !
who mixed it?
Blessing in Disguise!
Everything happens for a reason!
happyandblessed!
everybody love everybody
Do the right thing even if you have been wronged  it helps you sleep at night.
Just wrapped up our annual golf outing...over 120 participants with rain and cold weather  how can this possibly be May?
OMFG don't stop is on the vampire diaries ah love them both
I remember the product, but not what it tasted like.
Hmm.
Jesse J Domino...heavily samples...Sheena Easton Strut..try it!
Imissyoubut you hurt me so much, ill take you back in a heart beat.
Thanks Traci...look forward to seeing your tweets!
:
Your basic chocolate chip.
But they're super soft and chewy.
P.S.
Tell to bring a piece of cake home for me.
RT if you love the song BoyFriend by JB ?
Would you listen to it every day tell a new song come out?
In Avengers 162, the captainred Wasp is nude.
Her private parts concealed by bars.
Her nudity makes sense in the story.
The research trail is heating up, people!
I love it.
Best friends are what keep you from going completely psycho
The teacher must derive not only the capacity, but the desire, to observe natural phenomena.
The teacher must understand and fee
and all over West Lafayette.
What is this odd sensation I feel.
Oh, we're finally winning on the road
I just....
Alsisownbdisiqoejdj I need to meet One Direction!
We're filming again!
Hello long days.
Goodbye short days.
LOL..
's The Undefeated sits at 0 on Rotten Tomatoes...
Maid of honor duties call!!!
This is so much fun!
Who's getting married next?
Lol
Kevan, we swear is better at coding than spelling names right ;
Make love not fluorocarbons We all share the same home earth :
Wish my weight was as low and my self esstem
that's how we roll...Steeler nation IS family :
i want to fly to france with u hahahahhahaha : 3
soul food
Central is good but not tbe best.
Im a BBQ shop guy.
Tops is prob my number 2.
I need school to be over with already..
I need to clean my room!!
In all seriousness...
haha!
Go Giants!
I have to.
Tweeting like its my job.
I apologize you had to see my extremely intelligent tweets
Corey: Zimmerman's lawyer will be allowed to request bond.
Today's Feature: Chicken Queso w/ bacon, red onion, red peppers, cheddar, mozzarella  provel Soup: Roasted Butternut Squash
Some think Vegas would be a great place to live.
Not when your broke.
If he's still writing for 2.5 Men, he's forgotten everything you taught him!
Lucky proposal!
RT : egg salad sandwich from but oops spilled some on a proposal eatlikeapig!
Are those pigments?
Life's too short to be sittin' round miserable
Good morning all.
Please stop by our website at www.hotelVQ.com and get to know us.
I hope everyone has a nice day!
Does accept monthly recurring donations?
I didn't see the heart.
Got all of doctorms, bass, and rhythm guitar tracks down today.
Lead and vocals tomorrow.
This EP is already sounding great!
You're telling me there isn't ONE condo in all of Del Boca Vista?!
Of course the kid named Pip is wearing a pink shirt and bow tie.
Happy Birthday
Hey Jim is it time for another Rex Streak?
On average, 100 people choke to death on ballpoint pens every year.
great question, so much of the DTC conversation depends on definitions
Visit this free promotion site on my professorle if you need more follows..hey follow4follow?
will trade.
:
Thunder.
Car alarms.
Silence.
Thunder.
Car alarms.
Silence.
Humboldt Park, looped.
i love him too!
so strangely lovable
Especially when I'm tryna chill with u ..
Really...gotta delete right when Jaysee makes a twitter .
Thanks mom.
Im back in NY it was a really fun vacation and I'm happy the time I had with my mom and friends I'm gonna miss u all
I have always wondered what Amanda writes.
I think she doodles on that notepad.
digitalindia doctor Konnur from Bangalore Univ offering thanks and appreciation for workshop.
Not tonight, at least.
shaq more clutch from the ft line than Lebron?!
very exciting for the Vikings!
which bands would you put on the bill of a concert if you won 640 million??????
Saving him for the playoffs.
I mean......
RT Is Nash gonna play?
What's going on?
You're invited to the Finals  AfterParty at !
Thanks to for their sponsorship of our trophies!
Thank you for mention.
We appreciate your support for the childoctorn  families we serve at Tennyson Center.
Things you hear at a museum convention: We worked on WWI together.
About to hit the road for our event.
What should Mpls community do next?
What should the national community do?
no motivation
TrackField This Summer !
:
You already know..We are too

I happen to be rocking my Supernatural shirt.
It has the Metallicar on it.
Cool!
I can think of applications to my work, too.
Please let me know when the script is up.
inhighschool , i couldnt wait to graduate ..
mind you im still waiting 
doctorpped me phone again and cracked the screen!
How many times have i done that now??
cat sucks
Right back at ya.
Keep up the great work!
But you treat me like a stranger, and that feels so rough.
Nope, home..
I'm in the passenger seat!
But yes, point taken.
When I think about the physical implications of a crash I freak out.
Great day of hoops at
I feel like I have been in the waiting queue longer than I've been able to have my own bank account lol.
To my friends in Dallas TX be safe in tornado watch areas.
lol ...I actually really LOVE going to baseball games :
Suns have to walk away with batum there.
makes perfect sense.
Dont bite on Crash Wallace either
Rogation Wednesday: We pray for gratitude for what we have  more faithful stewardship of creation
right now i'll say noon, but i'll keep you posted :
I think Obama officially fucked up all chances for a black president to be elected again
ICantGoADayWithout great classic rock  roll!
Today we will be working on a Twilight Zone.
I'm about to go ape shit on this dick sucking white trash ape looking bitch!!!
For those who may never learn...
no matter wht yu do or say will be around forever.
doctorink on haterz

check it out
Woot!
4 quilt orders in the last week!
haha I was bout to go ninja on yo white ass!
X but its all good just hustle more next time I was starving!
:p
Plz RT ATTENTION COLORADO PERSONAL TRAINERS: I AM SELLING MY EQUIPMENT.
MUST GO TODAY.
CALL 3039313737
Starting the day walking my kids to school.We had a great conversation this morning!
I Luv those little people.
I gave all the Ks a man can give, which is not nearly enough.
One day, you'll be influential in everything.
Fucket I don't wanna go to court
Holy shat!
I GOT THE JOB!
My rule is 100 foolproof.
Never plant anything, ever.
Ph environmentalists: Genetically modified crops pose danger to environment  allvoices
Word.
That song is so bad that it's making me reassess Springsteen's entire catalogue.
So happy to get my Thanksgiving grocery shopping done yesterday before the madness begins!
I love my doctorpping Springs!
Why can't I stop watching Chopped?
Living A Single Life Is The Best!.
is all shopped out.
Now for some fajitas and guacamole.
Such a great feeling when I finally finish a project
Just came home from a day on the set of On Deck.
Takes me back to The Suite Life!
I love'em all!!
I enjoy boxing in speeding douche bags on the highway.
Don't want to be at work but got to make that money
Aw thanks!!
RT: I love working with you, Katie!
ur welcome i agree it was dumb Lmao hey Erika showed me where u went to school do u know a 7th grader named autumn McGee??
HE MAKES MY DAY3
where did u get that necklace?!
hargrove out eight games
are the severe thunderstorms finally over?
I have never seen so much rain in so small a time frame!
Looking forward to tonight's Central Committee meeting!
That is so cool!
Learning the foods that you should avoid and the foods that are most heart healthy for you can only make you healthier!
I wish i was at this parade right now
If there is something missing from your life, it is more than a life partner.
I just went to bed without properly flossing my teeth.
DON'T BELIEVE EVERYTHING YOU HEAR,BUT BELIEVE YOUR EYES
tag tuesday...tweet at us your bands and we'll throw them in there later!
I give a pretty rockin' lecture on William Byrd, if I say so myself.
Have any questions for Zoe Saldana?
Send your AskZoe questions today between 10AM11AM PST
Sounds like a lovely balance!
me too Mike...let the bs clear and then I will sit back and decide whom I like.
Just got an AARP card in the mail today.
What does it mean???
ready for more cat facts?
CBS News confirms 7 Marines killed in helicopter collision near Yuma, Arizona.
,i love u
I always get what I want.
keep ballin.
Proud to see you doing your thang.
Thanks!
I like your site too  we think a lot alike and have the same approach.
Cheers!
glad to know my value!
: 82
Q5: My dirty little running secret: I love training for a marathon because it gives me an excuse to have plenty of alone time!
U complete me!
x
Congrats!
It's a great resource!
hanging on has been remixed to death but one of these days i'll have some new sick music to share...
and maybe get remixed :
MOA is packed this weekend!
Seriously!
Find out why next on Fox  5
Blackparentsquotes a hard head makes a soft ass
It feels like a Bun B kind of morning.
It's a Periphery kinda night.
Listening to the album right through.
Doc, thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to your Fresno tweets!
There are just some people that I can NOT stand.
Just finished mastering Dave Hunt's new 12song CCM/Worship CD entitled Ebenezer  good stuff.
Finally done wit skoo worse teacher ever
Why the long face ?
Visiting stinky !
Im so happy now :
Sabrina and I are having a mosh pit at home to The Agony Scene tonight.
You all are welcome but just watch out for her elbows.
They hurt!!!
If they do, it's a miracle.
The power of the imagination makes us infinite.
Diner at Friday's yum yum.
We are so grateful for today's glorious weather and all of the sweet souls of those we meet!
talking to lawyers
Jeremy is a creative song writer and has sick skills on the guitar
Lol i love how me  my mom fight over the radio in the car!
At least she let me blast
QoTD: In order to get from what was to what will be, you must go through what is.
we can't use the itouches bc district took away the open wireless network.
Really decreased the  of kids w mobile dev
i can.
Without a mirror too..
RT : Hello !
Will try to keep the vestment and religious regalia related tweets coming.
Thank you!
Go to Venice beach and watch some real skateboarding.
Who is the most awesome person today?
:D
Any photos from this weekend?
Share your flamenco pics!
omg it's Camille's !
Thirdly, did I catch a Leibniz reference in one of those new songs?
Lunch time!
Quarter Pounder with Cheese is calling my name.
Looking forward to other pics!
Not my DonnaSummer!
LastDance takes on a whole new meaning!
RIP Sista
Its the perfect weather for it.
RT : Oh, , how I've missed your almond latte!!
So happy to be here now enjoying...
The day's bright side for local Brewers fans is that less than 4 hours remain in it.
Stay strong, west coasters.
it was radical dude
And how calling for a strong, diverse, smartly implemented transit system is a 'denial' of any of those things?
My attitude is based on your actions.
Thank you for your belief, Ani.
You are a nice deer.
Amateur Hour Variety Hour!
wednesday!
the hand has a secret guest...
A real man doesn't let weather dictate his moving plans.
internet is failing tonight.
Sorry guys.
Be on when it comes back up
The Real Obama: Betraying Israel
Hi libchat I'm Tiffany.
Librarian looking for employment.
Praying to god that I passed the CAHSEE !!
It was easy, but who knows.
Part 2 2morrow!
:o
so they can make money during the day and night.
Yay!
Congrats on your acceptance!
we are moving to a new location in Eugene ...
Just a few blocks away from our current location...pics of the new office to come
have you seen the Superfriends Waaaazzup video?
If not, google it.
Hilarious.
I'm wondering for those of you in EST, will you be around to see the conclusion of  ?
Madison can I get a tweet plzz this is the one thing I want and if I dont get it soon I might start giving up TBH i might now
In dying need of a new car
thanks for sharing with your viewers!
Dear I'm just a gal from WI lookin to do a duet with you :
Really, really good.
I'm still iffy on the whole Zoebabyplot, but I'm starting to come around.
today is only wednesday?
POWER TO THE PEOPLE!!!
What are the expectations for Brandon Weeden?
Matt Schaub?
Kurt Warner?
What exactly.
The food channel has great tips for quick and easy dishes.
TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS the Neely show
Final performance of this lovely night, Triptych!
Http://massiverocketradio.com
There's always that 1 story on E60 that gets me swelling up n the eye region
Singing so much christmass musis in spanish;
don't feel bad...that's al I got this morning
I'm too chicken to taste this doctornk.
Thx 2all to all a good night Lost on LA but NYC here we come!
BARBERSHOP PUNK Nov1117RerunTheater/GastropubBrooklyn Opning nght will rock
I know ya'll hate this but I really need your help PLEASE !
Watch my videos and comment so I can get better or if you like them let meknow
More vintage, rules, makes it more creative?
RT : Q1: What makes DC fashion unique and worth being noticed?
Write your code with how to test it in mind.
haha I know I was like um I feel like doctornking now
long time no talk hope all is well!
This has been called a railroad age.
Impatience  slow processes of nature is a general characteristic of the popular mind
Love it when you call me baby.
heard 'Love you like a love song' 4 times in the last 24 hours.....
Check Mate?
Shale gas importance will increase in the future
Join us this Friday 7pm for March screeningdoctornks short films filmmakers raffle
I miss cleveland
Just saw Project X with best movie ever
burgundy is so pretty for jeans!!!
Awesome for FTD.
Just bought it!
Dad is a man but act like a bicth
hi!
You ready for your euro trip?
At this point, unless its for D.
Howard, Lakers need to keep Pau Gasol.
going to visit him, he moved over there for a couple of months:/
Jessica is coming to town....time to meet her in person!
FF Those who illuminate and elucidate the books:
I'm glad we had to turn around on our run due to my dizziness otherwise we would have been caught in the downpour
Yeah, American Idol...lovin it!
The defense could use a turnover.
Can Dom Capers call that play?
Heading to New York 4dayweekend :
Lol.
She'd be fine!
She could stand to lose some pounds.
That awkward moment when you get rejected for a high five..
LOL, thankfully it won't be cold here ALL winter ; It was almost 80 this weekend...
then 23 days of cold...
then back to warm!
I so want to follow up with a potential customer, but something doesn't feel right.
too soon I think...
must have self control...
arrrgh
you are never around, bromance seized two years ago
Awh, it's going to be so much fun.
You'll love it!

can I be your best twitter friend?
:
The calm before the storm, are y'all ready?!?
I've got to get on my NBA playoff bracket pool action..
games start in a few hours!
A woman brought you into this world.
So you have no right to disrespect one.
Your wish is my command!
;
Earning through iDine is simple and freethe only heavy lifting involved is getting your fork into your mouth.
You haven't seen Top Gun?
Kind of embarrassed to admit, I used to own a copy!
:P
Ayoo...
This summer This niqqa changing !
You want real swag?
You should be watching Matt Stafford
Happy Cinco de Mayo.
Great parallel, they both were gamed.
RT UNC Asheville and Armando Galarraga should get a doctornk together
I wasn't gonna let ATT beat me.
That ain't how I roll, so to speak.
Here's some twitter trivia for your Tuesday: What do Betty Carter, Woody Herman,  Randy Weston share in common?
A friend just bought me a massive piece of homemade Blueberry pie from his kitchen and I turned it down.
Kill.
Me.
Now.
looking for RVA folks on Twitter.
Scott Hugins ; Chris ; Kenny yates ; Who else?
don't stress!
i am in the same boat.
this class has the biggest work load for me this quarter
Totally agree!
doctornks and gossip
I'm back in la!
So good to meet u.
I might be back in vegas sept
that's a cool tweet dude!
So once again Shemar Moore is the most beautiful man on this earth lol
please please follow me : I love you 3
Also we're releasing a new song tonight!
Make sure to check it out!
what id do if accepted my friend request?...prob scream,then faint, then eat a taco, then throw a party lol :D
yup yup where u from?
She said w and gotta leave u alone.
Pawn is listening and we rate this 
You didn't, but it's okay.
I need to buy a subscription, anyway.
I spent part of my youth way out there.
My mom lived in Round Hill.
And yes, that was way out there to me
will seeing the real Courtney thru the eyes of the camera change your mind and regret the decision?
Follow us?
CodyToIndiana :
Success  Success is sweet: the sweeter if long delayed and attained through manifold struggles and defeats.
I feel really good today...hope it stays that way!
INCREDIBLE webinar by this afternoon!
Thanks Michael!
I've never not wanted nothing so any kind of not bad.
right!
Boredd.
i wanna be with him3 dont say his name Danni!'
When that Steve Francis pic was first posted was one of the funniest days on twitter this yr
Sorry if I offended, but I just couldn't resist the jab.
;
FOLLOW BACK.
Beat The Buzzer is coming up at 12pm and Sea World tickets right ater 1pm today with on HOT!
new printer, new twitter background :
josh!
i freaking miss you !
and you're still the big agency dude.
8
Don't turn your back on love.
Dawn Lundy Martin, member of the Black Took Collective and a Lambda Award nominee for her book, Discipline, will perform our symposium.
Hey DWCdc session two students how was the first day of class?!
I'm really, really excited about the new record.
When can we expect it?
Getting ready for a long day Saturday.
Moving in 3300 students and getting them connected to networking.
What I learned in Finance today: All art, little science, big bucks.
The Avengers Was Awesome !!!
Startender in the house!!
Coming up on Maury...Falling for the hidden decoy..stupidity...times stupidity..
Watching the game plan
Inpatient surgery.
Not fun.
But I'll survive.
I hope things are going well for you too!
I'm good, thanks.
what is double ada?
not much about to watch a movie.
Good luck Sunday!!
I already follow you though.
Haha.
Justice Served: A novel of the Embellish Saga 2.99 on Nook and Kindle
Ashlyn just called misterLong..
And now we're invited to his house..
Awkward
just said I wasn't aloud to talk about my new bimmer tonight
hmm, well I'm getting mine the Thursday night before prom because I got it the day before for homecoming and I was way to dark.
Meetings should be like a book; an introduction, meat in the middle, neatly wrapped up at the end.
leadership training SeanLetwat
RT i have legally changed the spelling of STEFF U N K loll....
Jan '09 
Congrats EVERYONE!
I can't WAIT to see these shows!
:
Dance is the most democratic of the fine arts.
As with sports, there's an elite but also many zillions of amateurs who are just having fun.
lights up my world like nobody else
I must apologize to everyone in Central Ohio I sent the sunny  doctor weather to NY as a Mother's Day gift to my mom!
Sorry!
fear not though i to inadvertently say things without thinking about it first.
looks like it's working.
Best way to beat Brady.
Are there still Broncos/ Steelers playoff tickets available?
Tune into 9News at 4 and 5 for the answer.
WordFromTheLord: This is a set time of Unparalleled Favor, but in order to walk in it you must live a
You don't wanna have this argument with me so I'll end it before it starts ;
Cool video.
Wish they had made more explicit use of timelapse, but other effects are pretty good.
WHICH WAY IS IT LEANING!
WHICH WAY!
I've got a folder full of rejection slips that I keep.
Know why?
Because those same editors are now calling my agent hoping I'll write a...
Can someone explain why markets are up amidst the protest?
weird.
menthol rub under the nose.
RT : Who to follow?
These tweeps add value to Twitter!
Thanks for the follow.
Do you know anyone in Texas?
thank you for your support!!
Wise words 3
Pls help Pakistan flood victims!
Text SWAT to 50555.
10 helps United Nations send tents, clothes, food, water, meds.
Pls retweet.
TY!
hahaha wow we would lose the toss...
Well we played at yalls stadium last year too I think?
Either for our first or 2nd game
I have not taken my school boy cap off all day
Couldn't tell if he hit the backboard or not, but he definitely missed the rim.
Is basically ready for ye olde roadtrip...what to do with the rest of the night...
Happy Easter!!!
Boston bfh
wanna come to the nycmer April 27th event with me?
Artist curator educator remix!
I want them because I have one shirt that will go great with them hahaha
great to see you, too!
Have safe travels home!
i have to say really does have stellar customer service.
Nap Nap Weiner.
some ppl have to work, you know...
so practice on Sunday afternoon  my house?
its not even the end of the week yet!
Ty happy to follow!
Good point!
I also enjoyed the Mellencamp dig.
You will go crazy trying to analyze crazy...
I just let crazy people stay to themselves.
Thanks Whitney!
Glad you signed up.
Come on Rebels lets pull out a W!!!
I can't handle the stress of these close road games.
Prove it.
Go out and kill a hobo.
RT I might be the most random person in the world
Why am I watching videos of from umf ?
I thought you hurt yr foot?
And SACFair is officially underway!
Stop by Copley Lawn between now and 3 pm!
on referenced the Democrat party.
Is ic really that hard to say?Do Rs think they own us if they rename us?
Strange but great Mad Men tonight
Best of luck to ya with everything sir!
Its been a real pleasure, I wish you all the best, and God's Blessings to you
You must be the change you want to see in the world.
Gandhi
I have a possible story for you regarding and Ash Wednesday.
DM me so I can send you a brief description.
Thanks.
givethemanatrophy, walk into bathroom, guy is peeing from motorized scooter, seated, into urinal, awkward and impressive
yea too much slap..
: would we be able to pick up Cauldoctorn opening day scarves as well?
absolutely
so glad someone made a joke out of that.
It was asking for it.
thank ya:
Kelly Thanks for the follow.
DM me for a free 60secondShirtShop we love our followers!
Hey it's BK, Do you remember the first baseball game you went to?
I know OUR SPURS get 9 in a row tonight but baseball season also here.
Game 7 of the Stanley Cup Finals is TONIGHT at 5pm!
Come in for happy hour and the Stanley Cup Presentation!
Evian and a good thoughts is what I be on
What about shallowplush?
awesome.
Thanks for the link
Happy Birthday Foster!
Thanks for letting us celebrate with you.
I leaned Jayz discovered Rihanna today.
What.
Nope lol u always got snacks for a brother lol
So happy my gurl is on Twitter!!!
The knicks better fking win tonight.
I finally joined twitter thanks to
Still trying to open BORDERLINE this Friday.
Lot's of ice to get through in tech week.
they sure do the work!
I always say  if you succeed it's yours and if you fall flat on your ass, it's yours too!!
10 day Alaskan vacation booked and scheduled.
my nipples are hard.
u know it playa
thank you for sharing MentorMob!
Happy Tuesday!
makeup is ALWAYS on point
we love you too
I wish it was hot here...
Yup.
I'm that much of a dork.
Heard that will be giving free tix at spring training!
AZ is the spot this spring!
I'm a fan of Indeed iAm

great, go to town.
But figure out if you do, and what they are 1st, otherwise get through them faster  let your guests say if they agree.
Next leg of College Road Trip: the Reboot is underway.
Next stop BTV and and !
ooh yes u got Dat right
So the traded away Bogut and Jackson, and they bother have Bobblehead days coming up.
Interesting.
Day 2 of my ResultsManager trial and feel like it is already amping up my productivity.
I feel like I did during my early days with GTD!
I'm fine with that.
Go ahead.
Dodgers putting in work tho
I feel like its my lucky day.
I get on and so did you!
Digi social networks may B biggest gamechanger in what it means to B educated;technologies not the point;concentrate on relationshipsJacobs
Something is not right with me!
...how was I supposed to know?
Something is not right with me!
...tryin' not to let it show!
New pictures up at www.newbridgesballet.com under the Media page!
Check them out!
WereNotFriendsIf your going to lie to me.
Finally some kinda of though be it mimimal form of justice given out.
What type of volunteers are you looking for?
We would love to help
learning is like a city, progress is slow and hard sls12key the more roads the better
I never thought I'd miss the metro but I guess I did because I'm loving my metro commute in to DC.
No traffic.
Ok!
yeah we get wasted after two performances
WBA is in the game!
Two concerts in one weekend.
I'm pooped!
But these bands are worth it : and
Please pretty please follow me!
love you xoxo38
There were times when we stayed on the phone for hours at a time...
Now we hardly even speak.
Just lay me out now if he sings Ribbon in the Sky......
I'm greatly entertained at how insecure must be to censor the contents of a video game.
That's why I buy games from Amazon.com.
Wonderful day with the family

Thanks!
doctorp me a line if you want to talk more about it:
Art submissions keep rolling in, but we want to see more!
Where are my artists at?
Hey people.
If you say 'Cali', or 'SoCal', or 'Daygo',You are clearly NOT from San Diego California.
We don't talk like that.
Sounds dumb.
1126: your SO pretty.
How bout you share?
I LOVE your account:
Enjoying this morning.
Check it out if you're looking for an incredible Sunday morning worship experience.
The unexamined life is not worth living.
Socrates
These flyers of me around school literally just shows how popular I actually am.
so cool to see you using that fitbit.
Thought you lost it??
Could be a short book  I have trouble managing to get both milk and cornflakes into the bowl when I am that immersed....
looks like fun!!!
Yeah, I like all of them though.
Sometimes after so many months I switch boyz but I don't tell them their last names
Yellow squash on the flyover at the Glades.
ThingsIReallyCantStand when people have their elbows on the table at dinner or lunch
Back spasms are the main reason I haven't slept much spring break
Just woke up....good morning to all
Suzy has the lisp in her speech.
irony RT : Redneck hillbilly???
Really Suzie?
Note to all literature students: reading the homework might be a good idea.
It's kind of the point of the whole class, y'know.
except for etsy, ebay, garage sale, flea market, newspaper, penny saver, craigslist, a website, or internet.
I Can See Clearly Now never founded so tight Engine Room  Bad Ass too For Real
Melanie, thanks for the retweet!
Love your work in Psych Today.
Therese'
Yeah it was awesome!
Thx!
RT : Great to see you rockin the mediachat!!!
that's how ya know you've really made it!
EW I HATE MY PHONE.
IT DELETED MY MESSAGES 
Orwell: Until they become conscious they will never rebel, and until after they have rebelled they cannot become conscious.
Suicide situation about 8 houses down from me :/
something special :
that was a Sheetz.
This is where the public urination incident happened.
Please get your Jeff Reed mishaps straight :
Aw you're sweet!
And sometime I will show you my rejections folder.
Onward!!
Wen you stop givin a fuck.......
Your so much happier...
So fuckin tru; ...good morning
Is there anyone that will be in the Village area over the next few hours that can pick me up mustache wax at Bruce Smith doctorgs???
Please!!!
I realize that I tend to be a little doctormatic..and I'm okay with that.
Pac Man
I miss you, too!
I think any program is better than the one I'm in right now.
Haha
Hopefully man im about to like do some work outs so ima hit you up lates man
Who has 2 thumbs, a twitter account, and a new job as your goto coffee geek?
This girl!
Thanks for the follows !
Happy Halloween!
we gone talk later.
Im trying to save the world right now.
It's not who you know, but what who you know knows.
Great!
Hope you enjoy it!
Thanks for our link and yay to !
Who's cousin is this in san fran?
Black barbie lol OMG
In the divide between reality and desire lies addiction.
Over bringing down the system from within.
Can somebody tell me about africology and women's studies at UWM?
From Ch.4 Is it a common human reaction to put others down in an attempt to bring oneself up?
Does this really work?
Why or Why not?
Case almost had an INT there.
Whew.
3rd and 10 with 2:31 to go.
LOL, no.
She gave her account to me cuz' she didn't want it no more.
next time!!!
We're always open for visits!
Great to see JB, Phil, and Freddie playing well at the Shell PGA.
I can't wait for
Back to the beginning...lunch at Soho Beach House, our favorite spot
Those ninja moves you make when you walk through a spiderweb.
I would put money on it that, like 5k and 6k before them, 7k starts out on the Green Line.
How about creating Mom's own permanent State Fair Meeting Place with a personalized brick.
Visit www.wsfpfoundation.org
YOU ALREADY KNOW CUZ,
welcome to the twitterverse!
Lunch with and at SXSW
Dayum SNPK...
that's pretty wild...
lol how did I know you were gonna say some crap like that.
its nice when someone text you saying hey i was thinking of you and wanted to say hi and how you been that can makes someone smile or day
rstats tip that maybe everyone else already knows: the Design package is now called rms.
NATUREINSPIRED LOCKSETS, HARDWARE amp; BATH ACCESSORIES  Closets Daily
The spammers are trying really hard to hit my old metadata class blog.
Sorry, guys, not going to work.
rolled through seeing a client about a year ago
Hey and YOU!
Please help tweet about
Still recovering from CF Fran and watching Avatar for the fourth time.
Voting to protect doctors who perform legal medical procedures is extremist?
WTF.
it good and okaay :
Being interviewed on Monday in Detroit for the SPIKE TV show Don't Be a Victim to air in June
it was so much fun!
10 days of food  good times : A post to come about my first 'Fun Run' crazy pple running in costumes.
thanks for fantastic event for DePaul Marketing Alumni on Friday.
Craftsman Interactive marketing was very inspiring.
Vermes Armywe suffered some casualties, we were tested, But the battle is WON.
70 We're out to Win The League.
if in the future the pussification of the NFL continues, so be it, but it will lose a lot of fans.
lol!
It wasn't even my fault.
I was standing on the crease and and a guy fell behind me and tripped me.
:O
Well, I agree to a point, but having had experience with that type of man, it's a very fine line.
:
ugh, AGREED.
I'm the Same Way!!
I tweet What I want on here!
But Not on my Personal!
its 11:11 make a wish, make a wish and say...i hope you come true 3
see that right there?
That's my dignity, stuck in the pit.
Whatta you think?
9iron?
Wedge?
Eh...fk it.
Let's get wrecked.
follow me ?: Believe 9
Dont worry about how u look worry about how you feel inside.
If you need it.
You need it YPsupport :
it seems as if the bruins are sleep skating
Had a great dinner last night at Esperanza's Kitchen.
If you live in the Indy area, you should definitely check it out!
In sunny Tucson with Looking forward to meeting all the franchise owners!
come over
why are they selling that?
West is clearly toughest.
Nice meeting you this year.
Good luck finishing up at Elon!
my kind of guy, Lol!
When you too good to someone they take that and flip that shit on you.
Hey Ugly Chicks..
That extra Cleavage you showing in yo Twitcon don't make you no Cuter!
Just thought I'd let you know :
At our tailgate we have lots of meat and little carbs / veg.
I'd consider it paleo, but really it's just because I'm good on the grill.
I don't really want Dwight anymore.
I don't like his f the coach mentality.
I hope that everyone would disagree with that statement :
: Okay, whose grandfather donated 350 Million to ?
JewishBoyProblems
Mike s Early View of the News May 15, 2012
Y U NO TWEET YOUR SWAG.
Loving the new icon btw ;
I think Tim will bowl a 546 tonight.
Go Tim!
Doc....he IS man!
Covered!!!
Finishing rehearsal, then readying 4 the Oscars.
The Veuve is already on ice!
I've had my septum, bridge, nose, monroe, snakebites, both sides of my neck pierced, and my ears stretched.
Roger that phi
Thats intense.
oh well.
Keep it up.
Any new posts on Salon yet?
Phone rage today?
Happy Mother's Day!!
I like the news
Listening to you/McCabe I am at work.
Wish I was at the studio.
Back on course next Saturday.
I heard today is your 39th B/DAY!
RT shut up // 0 I'm confused
Once I went a whole five minutes without talking about dicks or farts, but I still didn't find true love.
thats crazy tho how the put that captainon for that pic lol
I hope this is u cause I want to talk to u!!
Been a long time.
Can't be that many Beth frazho's in the world!
two actors I don't care if I ever see again...
they are fine, good actors but way over exposed.
wanna know who???
doctornking coffee at 10 p.m.
is a terrible idea.
But I'm doing it.
So I'll be up all night...planning a yoga class?
studying yoga?
writing?
Thanks so much dude!
Really glad you're enjoying it.
This is Strongwater's first demo.
Help us out and spread the word!
so i know u happy...
where did u live before when u was here?
watching 1000 ways to die on spike channel
so I'm now here in my home : My cousin was like 4 almost 5 hours in the OR :c but now he is fine :D going to see him tomorrow :
Want to come to the premiere of ??
Tweet InTimePremiere and check this out...
Nothing bored af Sitting here Debating on What Niggas bout to Eat lol
sounds good.
I'll tweet so others can meet us there?
I KNOW RIGHT?
I have a bunch of those now and I am considering just squirreling them all away somewhere...
Is voicemail a generational thing?
I mean...
why leave me a 2minute VM when you could just email me Are we ready with this yet?
is going to flip her mind Rodgers tweeted and she's not here.
lol
Just got a new vuvuzela :
Looking through pictures of when you were little makes you wish you could go back to those simple times..
2469ashleyisthebestever1234 lololol nice number.
'that should be me' um you're like my bestfriend and real funny!
You're super gorg:
Those are pretty sweet!
i work a hectic work schedule but i can work events into my schedule.....
what state you live in?
Hello Robert, I kow you doctorve/race but was wondering if you sponsor doctorvers?
I've got a good doctorver w/ a connection to China
Peoples words affect you only as much as you let them.
Dare to live the life you have doctoramed for yourself.
Go forward and make your doctorams come true.

looks good bruh, now just work on your site.
Ha.
Actually don't forget this is what I do.
I dunno RT : Why is so purrrrrttyyyyy??

I know but You know that was dirty .
Lmfao Really ?
You aint have to go there with the chillin like a VILLIAN !
Lhh
Ha haven't been on twitter in a while cause of stupid school
I forget how much I like hip hop until it pops into my Spotify playlist and my head starts bobbing.
how many awkward situations do you have ?
Jack mcbrayer is so precious
Ducky I'd Love to Hear another song from Him....Last season They brought some back !!!!!
He Needs 2B1
So far, readathon updates for me at hour seven, eleven and seventeen.
How random.
Loving fireandhemlock on second read!
Limitless guac in the media workroom in ABQ.
would FREAK!
Tastes decent and is free!
She running around naked?
RT : JESUS, ANNIE!
JESUS, I LOVE YOU!
Lmfao
Haha...who knows.
I thought the same thing.
Powerful guy though!
RT : At the same time, im too young to try to do everything at once.
There's still time Tremayne...
There's still time.
when you stopping back over to Clive?
oh shit, I forget if that game spoils his identity or not.
:/ Also psp version gimped the combos compared to og unlimited codes.
welcome back to the land of twitter.
spotted in the risers!
I love cuddling wiff my doggie.
Were dating.
I mean its mot official, but things are getting pretty serious.
miss you too Im doing fine love hope the same for you
Much respect to the !
Books  films CAN motivate us to do something, connect w/others  not just buy crap!
I suck at Guitar Hero and Rock Band on easy mode, so I would almost assuredly not own Piano Hero in either sense of the word
Early morning planning.
Getting ready to call companies some companies on Monday.
iit was an open invite
I miss you toos!
Maybe I just have to go to ATL?
presenting webconferencing with webex this morning.
excited that gpls can provide webex services to all public library systems in ga.
comin again to save the mfing day
I don't know.
I was on MonThurs...
and Saturday.
Also thank you Alex and Austin because you guys brought us together
sigh...there you go again.
I need to make your recipe this week!
Now that I am at MIT Press, am toying with the idea of doing a year of reading dedicated solely to the list here.
Poor Whitney.
No singer to this day has ever touched her voice in my opinion.
Last week I interviewed two women and this week I'm transcribing those interviews.
I'll post them for you to read soon.
I feel about rappers like Hemingway felt about bull fighters
In Snow White when the dwarfs sing I ho I ho it's off to work we go they are actually going home from work...
Shouldn't they sing I home?
your pretty don't say that
I believe it was for an old print issue that's digitally archived.
Little we can do as we report arrest not conviction or lack of
the better idea though would be to just avoid the problem and have it on Wednesday or Friday though.
Seems rather simple to me.
Why they make this concert on tuesday , why no on friday or thursday ?
This shouldnt be funny, but it is so funny.
Did you know this week is Choose Local First Week in Milwaukee?
Great local companies are involved offering sweet deals!
Maybe it was a good thing I didn't make a bracket.
This is already the tournament of the underdog.
Wait, Lisa  Jeff know each other??
Worlds colliding!
Do you post your syllabi online?
Working on a syllabus for an Annenberg jour class and trying to read as much as possible.
Check out my friend as she rocks it on the CW 90210 2nite 8pm.
Xxoo
hahahahaha, really!!
please don't unfollow mckaylai...: we really would appreciate it!
what does that even mean....?
If you own a home in Maryland, you're probably overpaying on your property taxes.
Find out here: www.mdtaxappeals.com
Another great networking event going down tonight MYAGENDA Monday nights ESBN  Club Allure.
Be There!!!
I'll be okay, just a long road of recovery ahead : /  thank you for the well wishes!
Congrats, Blayne!
That's awesome!
hiring jobs Gonzalez has open positions for Machine Builder, Pipefitter,  Electricians in MI.
Open position in Virginia, Motoman.
what would Helen Keller do...
omg Thomas.
Just heard Power of Love on the radio!
Tonight is Parents Night Out at Floriana!
10 of our sales will go to benefit our local elementary school ROSS!
Pssst....
we start delivery on Sept.
9!
Pass it on!
you smell like sweet red plums  grilled cheese sandwiches
Crap.
My mom wanted it the other way around.
Likes CSI Miami colors  humor.
Thinks NY is dull, dislikes Sela Ward
Thanks for following!
Greatly appreciate it!
: Enjoy your day!
Do you have a Facebook?
My 4 year old son also has Autism.
oh I know their extremely vague and ambiguous propaganda video all too well.
Consider yourself followed!
I keep reading this as being insideout and getting really confused but also morbidly delighted...
Happy Happy Birthday to you on your special day!
Happy Happy Birthday id what Im here to say!
FlawlessBeing OwnTheNight 3
LA intensive first day over.
Information overload...I love it!
Obedience is nothing more than aligning our lives with the society that exists in the celestial kingdom.
James Gaffney
Ask questions!
U prolly will get the real truth...
Today is graduation for our latest group of kids on course...CONGRATULATIONS!!
Call KROQ and requesting One Felt Lonely by The Dares5201067....then call again throughout the day 
eye get back on Thursday.
attd news release
welcoming all friends
Absolutely.
The Internet has been a huge success BECAUSE we've kept the govt out.
alancooper Show value by getting very focused on something very small and show improvements.
I completely agree.
What amazing thing can you do?
It's a lovely
That's a very good question.
I wonder how many annual conferences voted young people to
There is no better exercise for your heart than reaching down and helping to lift someone up.
In past years when the Red Sox stunk, I would pick an NL team to follow, often the Cardinals.
This year it could be the Nats.
what!
Why not?
We are almost in summer.
:
Losing followers
Congratulations!
Can't wait to visit.
Haven't been to Kroger in the longest
Fashion Alert: Tube tops are making a comeback in Denver this summer out why on March 8!
where u been
Mulberry Row had wonderful slave reenactors from Colonial Williamsburg as cooper, basketmaker,nailmaker  joiner yesterday.
ok tay wateva u say if u do dat i want sum LOL
that you talking to the cop in rocky point?
What did u do now!
RT : Did you know that May is National Physical Fitness and Sport Month?
Keep up with your Spinning classes
We are watching your.
supercommittee we demand you represent the people.
If you want to make your doctorams come true, the first thing you have to do is wake up.
J.M.
Power
Good Morning TwitterFamily....We all take different paths in life, but no matter where we go, we take a little of eachother everywhere....
Happy Father's day to all the dads.
If your dad likes to cook, come down and see all the neat items we have for him.
Open to the public!
wittle beautiful baby 
I'll give it a read, thanks for the first glimpse!
Beautiful Baltimore sunset tonight!
Wow.
Colors like that are an incredible sight to behold and so moving to the spirit within.
Wow!
AND LOVE

need to understand that NCAA bylaws are passed by univ presidents, not football coaches.
ctfu yeah rite!!!
who ya unc?
Now PlayinKeep Mines On Me
aww you took my job , he's been retweeting my tweets for the past 3 tweetpress ..
lol 3
Cdoctoris smoking hot right now.
iUseToThink every white person was rich cause they didnt stay in the hood come the find out they just as broke a us
My God is greater than your problems.
So leave them in His hands
Man its so hard to ask but gotta let it go......
where my girls at ?
Make your heels clap!
Put us in your FF and we will do the return;
Be less curious about people think of you and keep doing your thing in life and good things will come out of it
Christmas gigs FUN FUN FUN...NYE S.F.S FAV VENUE BOTTOM OF THE HILL TAHOE ON THE 13TH SECRET SHOW NEXT WEEK...
doctor WTF what are you doing????
You saw the banshees!
He threw away the first game and possibly the championship.
All I want is a Klondike bar.
: Twitter is easy.
Know what you want out of it and Tweet until you get it.
noo really i can eat pizza off ur head dude help me get followers
Hope the child feels better  then mom will also.
yes 7 is a classic!
But it was enter raining especiall
I am going to a Skrillex concert on Saturday!
:
holding strong  caucus holds to no or present on R amendments and defeats ACE Title I Formula Fairness
Ghetto Superstar
Avengers Can't wait to go see this!
you got that right .
wcphilly day2 Up Next: Contributing to WordPress Core with Andoctorw
I saw a group of skaters as I was coming out of walMart, then realized it was my ex and his friends, omfg so awkward 'x
I do the pinch and speak through gritted teeth in the store.
LOL
Why you not reply?
:
In 30 minutes are going to take game 4 in Orlando which will bring them home for the close out.
If you can go to the game!
Hey, now!
What'd I do?
28  21 Capital City at the end of the third quarter.
I love watching games with great defense.
Hahahaha!
Love it!
Hey Mom can I get that minifridge?......Oh wait!
That's a dishwasher......
I am exhausted...
Tonight we're making calls to those who we will be casting.
Keep your phones close by!
i can see that.
Its almost the size of a tiger.
Thank the Gods for a spare hefeweizen
Hey heard about your crazy car situation!
Hope you're doing okay!
Still no runs in the Brewers/Reds game!
Hope you all had the under!
You broke the rules, now I'm pulling out your pubic hair.
Oh, Tenacious D...how your lyrics make me giggle.
i'll let you know once I talk to my daddy.
Its depending on his flight
You amaze me.
3
connected on FB too!
Am I really gonna run in this rain?
What music is appropriate for that?
never have i wanted childoctorn SO badly.
ldsconf.
Thanks 4 putting it so beautifully, Elder Boyd K Packer
Have fun Mollie!
I am so sry about ur loss and I will keep u and everyone in my prayers
baby 3 Your gonna meet your daddy one day don't worry!
: Be happy that's what he would want 3
congrats Jessica!
You deserve to stay.
You're amazing and talented.
It was a shocking and unbelievable night for everyone.
should be hot in LA, Kayper has serious skills!
I go to LSU.
How do you like Pitt?
Some friends of mine went there for undergrad.
Guess what I just purchased for Remo and myself?
And also roping several other people into going as well.
So excited that  I will now be getting the weekend papers delivered.
YAYNews IsMyElitistLiberalBiasShowing?
Hey Josh, I'm a big Rangers fan from New York.
Can I get retweet?
mahonefact Austin loves to wear chain, he has many collection of it :
Romney Dodge I don't believe it, look at the voting record
Come sing with us tonight at McAlan's in Rancho Cucamonga!!
Had a gd time last night wit gotta do it again
Considering that he died in 1971, wouldn't ANY Louis Armstrong recording be decades old?
yo bro which twitter am I suppose to write to?
I almost always run into Ice Wraiths who are fighting something/one else.
Ice Wraiths  jerks, obvs.
Would U say freshmen congressmen have no power w/o establishment blessing  How RINOs squelch the Tea Party freshmen.
After watching 6 Days To Air, I have a whole new respect for southpark.
Man those guys bust their butts!!!
Lol....
When you single you can do things like that.
:
Lol not me!
RT : you're alive?
You're like a ghost constantly MIA
LMFAO HIS FACE IN YOUR PICTURE OMG.
I CANT ITS TOO CUTE ITS LIKE A CABAGE PATCH LOLL
Juridica gross cash proceeds for the year increased by 159 to US17.1 million.
One case settled and five returned partial settlements.
I went to the doctorving range this weekend for the first time in my life.
Loved it!
I'm now taking up golf!
Wish me luck!
:
Lets go baby duke all day
if i sneeze, dont say bless you bitch
The older I get, the more people I hate.
So both my brothers came in my room doctornk last night and woke me up now I can't seem to fall asleep weird...
Happy Sunday morning!
I'm surprised to see sun in the PNW!
Call anytime luv
: Congrats to the CBSBigBrother winner!!
I'm still waiting to see who...hopefully Rachel!!
Don Henley's All She wants to do is Dance Would be better if he sang All She want's to do is, Sex
FBI thinks they may have found D.
B.
Cooper.
Didn't Michael Scofield do that years ago?
ECEtechCHAT Totally true!
And when Spanish speakers are attending English webinars to get inservice hours.
terrible!
you're very welcome :
Get your FREE Xerox pedometer  come to the Social Media Cafe  say My feet hurt!
got any ideas
Aaawww yeah!!!
Sunshine my friend!!!Nothing like it for this Southern Belle, y'all hear me?
you don't know that.
i was going too but i got caught up watching the notebook :
Out with the old, in with the new.
fast hour!
enjoyed everyone's insights.
have a great weekend.
Money better pissed upon than bet on Jazz.
Touch has many more apps available and alot are free.
My iphone on me at all times like a wallet/watch.
Fire good ereader
Need a power weed wacker to wack this small patch of grass.
Would anyone be so kind to swing by with one  wack it for me?
No pun intended.
I would have road around with you!
I wasn't getting the hints lol.
I always feel that way about errands, tanning  working out
yes, did you not get the shelter in place announcement?
If you aren't on campus, don't come until they give an allclear!
thanks for the support!
Cheers guys!
No snatches or niggas needed.
I can have fun all by myself!...
Q: Current favorite brand of shoes?
are those nachos?
I think Donnie n co.
made the right choice.
Bring back last yrs team and you slightly have chance to repeat and a bleak future.
I think that's right, although you've got a streak of Provocateur in you.
:
and thanks to u two for that!
Who has a brunch filled weekend!?!
Democratic mayoral candidate Vincent C.
Gray's town hall mtg.
w/Ward 5 residents tomorrow 6:30 pm  Community Academy PCS, 1400 1st St., NW
Listening to IZ white sandy beach on pandora can't wait to go back to Hawaii with  only 7 months until the next trip!
In the hopes of reaching the moon men fail to see the flowers that blossom at their feet.
Albert Schweitzer
Explain this to me: the coffee pot is 98 empty  full of grounds.
The solution is to turn the pot off and walk away?
Hmm I just might go with the bangs!
Wow nice DP!
sorry Shane
can't wait to hear the new material!!
it'll be okay.
They are staying separate and allow you to share with other networks.
So they say.
it is now my aspiration to one day see you in an airport and break out into a 1person flash mob airportcheerupsquad :
Can it rain a little more plidx
what is you opinion of Koei yet again not making each character have their unique movesets other than the EX Attacks?
Nothing like good old rain in Mexico to remind me of Seattle.
Bleached a strand of my hair :3 love it
homework in the library
Watching one of my friends love on other guys suchagem 
Feels like my head is going to explode.
Hope this headache goes away so I can go to bed.
Oh my God, my face is so cold.
Dont know if USA will ever feel the same after being a political prisoner, but by being denied freedom Ive come to truly value it
junior ponzi scheme
I don't feel good 
naw just the ones that was turned in yesterday
Did this guy just open a benefit with a joke about being an alcoholic?
Um, no.
Not funny.
when was it announced?
Viewing a webinar on transforming libraries.
David Lankes from Syracuse University iSchool is speaking.
is funny as Hell and her tweets be on point
trying to say sorry?
too late now.
should've never made fun of me before.
I hope there will be gifts we can award to those who entertain us the most, a la Hunger Games
The awkward moment when your awake at your friends house and are just sitting there watching them sleep
if the nerd population is segmented, yes.
Most people respond to emotional reasoning not date
Cherry Hill, NJ.
I hope you're ready for us....we're coming soon
I've noted your travel plans for future reference.
As I told you.
Lol.
I don't like to predict the future either but...lol
best meories of ABDC?
Fav song?
Fav ?and Can u follow me?
He has great people working for him.
Move on sheep.
Swamp People is a great show, though I admit I get homesick when i watch it.
of o book u can come too!
Lol
RIP Maurice Sendak.
I'm sorry personalities don't grow on trees, cause if they did you'd be the first person to reach for one
Mixed message on antidepressant for hot flashes
Want to harness the arts to transform lives?
Come to Sunday's TeenLifeLIVE NYC Fair and check out sponsor
crab rangoons from skewerz are what doctorams are made of ...
i thought long weekends were supposed to relax you, why am i so tired?!
Boston is beating us in our own game smh
waiting for you to come to Anacostia!
What up, Shelly?!
How's the Twitterverse treating you??
RT : Tweet your questions for Alison Bechdel by 7PM 2morrow  will choose one to ask live from the ALOUD stage!...
the jam!
the Jackson 5 original also!
June 3 ne
Maybe not...
mom comes in and gets a library card for her lessthan1 yo and then comes back and asks, if her baby can use the computer if supervised
This bridges reminds me of crossroads in my life.
In my mind's eyes the bridges I have cross are as long as from here to Africa
International Coach Federation of Greater Richmond sponsoring wonderful events for International Coaching Week icfgr.com
that is a known issue, we're fixing it ASAP!
Rick Santorum described Ron Paul as an unproductive member of Congress...
That sounds to me like a glowing endorsement.
ICantStandPeople who only come around when they want something.
Thanks for the mention :
Yes actually
Unless you're Usain Bolt...
sneak me in
Working side jobs on both my days off.
Tired.
Counting my blessings that I'm doing this to pay 4 vacation, not just to get by.
I SAW AT THE BLOCK GOT BIS AUTOGRAPH HE SMILED AT ME
Sounds yummy.
I've been meaning to try
Not many pitchers have great seasons at 35.
Haha No I'm Still With My Boyfriend.
It Was Just A Joke.
we don't carry Bianca but have an awesome similar fit/wash called Jiselle; the difference is no exposed fly buttons!
hope no one accidentally sits on that.
I told myself I was going to stop looking at tattoos on tumblr...3 hours ago.
OMG All The Time...
They Swear We Care
All is very good in love, but with people it becomes soup What a beautiful show, but bring your prozak
Can't follow from the iPad app.
All I see is spinning
You mean...Lauren?
Some people need to stop acting funny!
I mean SERIOUSLY, do you really have to do all of that?
O.
man I'm so into mw3 right now the best game ever.
Already in 6th prestige.
I'm beasting on this game way more than
OMG!
I think I was the loudest in the theater...lol
Have the Celtics grabbed an offensive rebound tonight?
good god these comms and their speculations...I'm not here for that
mane everybody be talking bad about they schools its not the district its just school period
Yes!
A sweep would be nice.
My nerves can't take the rollercoaster of emotions again.
haha good!
keep doctornking :p
I wonder whats going through my cat's mind while he looks at me so lovingly.
I wonder if he's gay.
wed works..be prepared to buy one pizza for crew!
I can just picture you screaming at it, WHAT DO YOU WANT, WHAT DO YOU WANT!!!
LOL
We're going to gradnation next week.
How about you?
I Know, I Miss You
can you vouch for corrupt?
Omg I have to pee dammit!!
Less than 4 weeks to our summer show: www.theatrecompany.biz.
It all just comes on us so fast.
Get ur tix soon.
The successful man will professort from his mistakes and try again in a different way
: My prayers and sincere condolences to the family and friends of Junior Seau.
He was a special player, wonderful person.
Just want to test something...
London Marriott Hotel Regents Park Preparing for Action Packed London Summer
cool l'll be sure to get back to you today
Looks like somebody has a case of the Mundays.
Doesn't look like we'll know until a little after 8pm tonight, IF then...
We're going to try to push the guy into moving tonight.
Check your DM bro
Hell yea...
Its like summer jam over here...RT : Its busy ???
I'm at Juliet :p
i could have meant lunesta, ambien or nyquil.
I didn't.
But i could have.
so excited for that!!!
I don't stunt on shit I believe in keeping it real.
Follow Back??
;
Shay i want to meet you guys in play list live but im a youtube partner my self idk if i can make it up there my channel is
u know it!!
Can't talk about how civilians interpreted the mobility of Civil War armies in Shenandoah Valley w/o addoctorssing experience of Unionists.
Best punk band of all time NOFX
LOL!
Great plan!
Solves the rural migration to urban areas problem in a single stroke.
Low cost to implement.
I like how you guys tweet each other when your in the same place or next to each other :P
I just like watching the price of stamps go up!
Willis,Troutman, Rakes, Young in studio for tonight's WFBR Sports Call in show.
6270953.
Local sports news and discussing....
I take no shame in being the 19 year old that just spent two hours at the playground climbing up the slides.
1 hour massage at New Growth for 30 on www.crowdclick.com!
Its funny how we live in a world where everyone tries to fit in when honestly there is no such thing...
We all fail in the end 3
LOL RT : Never scroll online job boards late night.
Trust me, it's a black hole.
Time yourself on those bad boys.
I still have no idea who norah Jones is.....lol
This game ain't even funny.
Can't believe this shit.
Im picking Denver.
Karl  Brown
shucks.
we'll start next monday.
i want her to make a twitter
IS UR Miami team gonna go 4 Manning?
Ok it's really weird that my last tweets link looks like hella and I'm in
I'm walking over to the market to get fresh limes for Mai Tai's.
hit us up with questions!
need info?
I'm never putting all my chips on da table again
It is for this reason that most advertising research focuses on other effects in the hierarchy of effects.
You know it's bad when your first thought waking up is figuring out how long you have till you can come back  take a nap
I need sumthinnnn to do
If I miss anyone's msgs I apologize, I'm experiencing technical difficulties.
grumbling timewarner sucks
a little fixing here and there but keep the core 3...
Haha you're too sweet!
:p I'm great thank you!
How are you?
:
seriously on the Magic fup?
c'mon man..there are ten yearolds that wouldn't have messed that super simple shot up.
Happy National Walking Day!
The , and teams are about to go on a walk!
1234 i really like your username.
you're a good fan and i love your tweets!
S/O to all the beautiful mothers that are following me.
Happy mothers day!
Xoxo!;
Need to change my picture....lol
says wow, I want him for TV : Criminal def atty David Bartick newest federal magistrate judge in SD.
sup bro west good
You got it!
Are there really cancel rumors?
I'll call my friends at NBC!
um, yes.
That is all.
I find that Henry Rollins is no longer relevant
Cloudy there, for sure....
I want a date nite with you!
You can't have a better tomorrow if you are thinking about yesterday all the time.
Right on, man.
Who's next?
I'm wondering about the metadata overlap between Goodoctorads, LibraryThing, and OpenLibrary
I'm mad my mom just forced me to get up by hitting me with a pillow 
Protein Shake!
Sarah Palin's hypocrisy and grandstanding continues to sicken me.
When will she disappear into the woodwork from which she emerged?
Who will score more pts in their series, Kobe, KD, TP or CP3?
I accidentally under my wife's shampoo this morning and now I smell like vanilla and apricots.
I'm hungry.
Wow, Mizzou.
Way to ruin my bracket.
This is why I don't like you.
THATS MY FAVORITE FUCKING BAND!!!!:D RT : THE DEVIL WEARS PRADA IS IN TOWN?
WHAT THE FUCK.
:D
You only have until the 21st to take advantage of the tax free special to attend the convention for less than 250!
Register today!
lmao, I would know
Have a great Show papa regards to the fellas Angel, Ricky, eric From your 1st Timbalero Chino Nuez
KISSING GAMES  GIRLS TALKN BOUT
Why does the newtwitter not works for me?!
you rock!
your 17?
u should b picking out prom doctorsses not babies names
Ranges won wohhhhh
ooh i wanna go on stage and rape tf outta
Got hiccups from smoking xD
They just beeped out hole in butt hole on tv.
Why?
IM ALL ALONE ON TOP OF A MOUNTIAN,IN THE MIDDLE OF NOWHERE!!!!!
What a racist towards Latinos!
Stop!
Trying to get this gospel radio show popping off.
Hopefully I can meet some connects tonight.
One blue book filled .
Ready to conquer another at 130
Somewhere Brett Favre dances a jig.
Andoctorw Luck will never be an elite qb in the nfl
Your faithfulness makes you trustworthy to God.
Edwin Louis Cole
you're so sweet!
So sorry you guys didn't win.
You deserved it!
Dire predictions of the imminent demise of publishing go back at least to the 20s.
Each new technology prompts despair.
so basically kind of like a Phish concert.I feel like the health market crowd here is yuppies
Do you ever wonder if we make the moments in our lives or the moments in our lives make us?
Happy Birthday and much luck tonight
I hate running out of coffee after a night of staying up late reading twitter.
All aboard for 'Dinosaur Train'  Muncie Star Press

Well, I would never advise anyone to dump J.D.
Martinez for those guys ...
ahh.
So, short phrases, iambic.
coinage of my brain etc.
In chemistry.....
Seriously considering suicide right now...
I do not want a damn iPod leave my twitter alone you damn fools
On a plane, heading for Chicago, at least if I don't get stuck in Minneapolis over night.
Lend me your eyes and I'll change what you see.
really good for once!
when girls tie their shirts with a rubber band.
it must be summer in south texas already
Just look at all this support Bring Back Ringer
Get me out of this store please :/
where is it?
I wanna see your face.
3
Let's see if the Fashiontonians know.
How bout it guys?
know any good male fashion models in the area?
People suck.
haha nice :p my best friends sing in the car most of the time.
It's so funny haha
Do any ad media buyers have info about how inventory for a hypothetical Super Bowl overtime gets sold?
Please RT.
?
That's reassuring, but I trapped and relocated it anyways.
Take no chances!
No, really, you may not photograph me.
You are not from insert huge media blitz about my success.
I am not your scrap book memory.
LOL!
It's great to meet you too ;
Thanks to , faith in house music is resorted....
SHM EVERYTHING
Beyond amazing tonight !!!
You were so gorgeous danced beautifully with Tristan!!
Love your look and so happy to c u back!
There's no way I'm going to be able to handle Titanic in 3d.lol
no tweeting during church
We are not sports people.
n/naka chef's tasting meal for 110 was a culinary experience.
Modern Japanese kaiseki style mixed w/ traditional techniques.
Perfect meal.
Hope you enjoy it
RT : Mazel Tov!
RT: The pick up is official.
Castle.
Season 5.
Cheers.
loved you in Finale!
Up  at'em.
Muay Thai Monday!
have nothing to be jealous about, 5 year bragging rights!!
Much to my surprise, there's nothing racist about Soup Plantation.
Who knew?
welcomes to our team...
Thanks for the great order looking forward to a gr8 business relationship pls RT
I didnt hear about that sorry I missed it.
So YOU'RE that dude.
People aren't ever gonna stop runnin their mouths.
if to borrow is to take and not return, i have borrowed all my lonesome life
wish one day you can steal a few minutes from your busy life and make me feel like u miss me the way i miss u /3
Happy Fathers Day to all the Dads out there!!
Especially Dennis and David,Ronnie and my Dad
SPRING is getting closer!!
Who is ready to get out the Powersport vehicle??
hello, my child, how u been
lol,its a white people thing.
Manny: a lot of amenities disappear when an 'H' becomes an 'M.' 
Wasn't nothing real about that 50, who breaks big ass bills in McDonald's.
Americas dumbest criminals
When we do what we are meant to do, money comes to us, doors open for us and the work we do feels like play to us.
yea it pretty much was lol my dad man...
Blasting Sexy  I know it, ignoring the world.
liber2011 Early English Books microfilm project started in the 1930s.
Wowdidn't know it went that far back!
send a note...I will reply with the request!
Thanks.
yes it is.
Unbelievable.
truth be told, he may have been born in the 90s?!
Bolts.
18th overall pick NFL doctorft  5pm PT.
Each team has 10 minutes to make their doctorft selection.
Estimated time 7:308pm PST
First day of shooting for the Skin Folk project completed!
Updates coming soon!
This Strawberry Italian Ice is delicious!!!
Dine at Blitz Tigard on 99w today and 15 goes to ...
Help kids!
Eat Tachoes!
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
I became suddenly melancholy upon realizing jorts are now out of season.
Now that I've watched get her award, off to bed!
Oh Mondays...
Who gonna smoke one wit me?
Dear Seattle snow, I would appreciate it if you stopped so that I can doctorve home from the airport tomorrow and don't have to leave my car...
Good morning everyone
Fact 3: like how peope say: treat others the way you want to be treated, literally treat them how YOU want to be treated, RESPECT you ...
interesting link  did you google it?
Thanks to for introducing me to untappd.
My alcoholism now has a social paper trail.
should follow me back bc I'm his 1 fan!!!!
When I'm quiet, strangers look at me and think I'm shy.
People who know me think, Oh my God.
Shes thinking!
Everybody run!
Good morning peeps...
It's cold outside!
I guess Salma Hayek will have to warm me up at 6:45am!
Agh sitting around waiting for the kids isn't so bad in my new car.
Please be careful!
It is awful out there!
outgoing and competitive and like reallyy friendlly
Bring Hollywood Home salutes Senator Curren Price and the Arts Committee for the hearing this week in Sacramento to save arts education
HaPPy BiRtHdaY!!
all 4 corners of sunset/highland  70 library rally peeps!
Please join us!
Obligatory LOL Bulls lost, out of playoffs tweet.
I agree.
It's really public domain so people should be prudent in what they say on social networking sites.
bbygrl3 i miss you D;
iron fist!!
They don't show it here until 8:00.
I'll have to wait for my trash bag viewing.
ARTIST COME GET YOUR NEXT PROJECT DONE WITH US!
UNLEVEL PRODUCTION TEAM.
MIXING MASTERING AVAILABLE EMAIL DM US FOR DETAILS.
Obligatory twitter post
A little less than one hour left!
Make it work designers...
Reading scifi.
Wondering which of our US political parties has a hive mentality.
I'm sick thanks to my babe lol but its all good lol
oh ok.
Good Morning  Thanking the Man above
Cannot believe I missed Bill Murray in RVA!
What is your greatest strength?
YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you have your wedding reception at the Old Country Buffet!
No lie, I saw this in Milwaukee, WI!
Thanks to all who attended the Mail Masters Open House yesterday.
It was a great event!
Snow will make a slow commute.
Stay tuned to the FOX9 Morning News before you head out.
And doctorve carefully, please ;
Same here!!!
Do you think so far ahead?
some of us are trying to work, so would you PLEASE shut the fuck up!?
Thanks!
RT : North Carolina homophobes enact homophobe law to show devotion to noted nonhomophobe Jesus.
Awesome!
What was your favorite wine?
RT!
: Amazing wines from Croatia and Slovenia and superb food 
congrats!
That's the way to close out a game  series!
get a new one!
you got the same number though ?
I love the idea of a webcam on the stacks: Please do.
Don't let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it.
The time will pass anyway
He has the personality of a dial tone.
Don't get someone's hopes UP if you know your going to shoot then DOWN.
This song got me anxious for my big cuzin party this wknd...i just want some food tho..
lol almost fell down the ladder in the outcove to where the spots are.
I hate who i am and wish i was the old me, he was alot better
CALL ME
u cop from z?
Next week Arizona turns 100!
We're looking forward to all of the events happening in the valley!
What's your favorite thing about our state?
yes, GM resisted, but it's clear now that was futile.
There was no private money for either GM or Chrysler's 363 sale.
thanks for the follow...
Be sure to stop by throwthefight.com !!!
Thanks again for your support!!
Hey guys I'm back...
It's been a long day..
Goin to sleep happybirthdayAlex will tweet again tomorrow.
U R EPIC!
Hope u have the most Awsome bday ever!!!
don't tell them.
They'll take that away too.
We'll be playing a FREE SHOW Mar 7th at 12th  Porter, Nashville!
Show starts :30 we go around 10:15!
Bring all your friends  party w/us!
hey guys i miss u
why don't they call charges or traveling on the heat?
i mean it doesn't really matter but i feel like im at a globetrotters game
I'm in the library.
Where are you?
See you tonight?
Lol wow just saw the pic
can't talk yet!
I took a view of silence for bullied LGBT kids.
if i'm louder, would you see me?
YES BABY I WILL OMG CAN'T YOU SEE I LOVE YOU LOVE ME NIALL.
Just realized I have 3 more weeks till finals than I'm done with my freshman year of college.
sad trombone!
I hope so!
In your opinion do you think there will be one???
All of my friends love the show we watch it all the tome!
What does God say about?
Lots of good things.
RT So inspired right now!
So many ideas flowing to me.
If only I could stay in this place more frequently.
Ask  it is given!
Thanks for following, good to meet you!
I seriously hope you aren't only on Face Book...
Wow.
Lady 1: Can we talk to you about Sara?
Lady 2: Sara who?
Why am I even here?
Thnks  Thoroughly enjoyed  learned from the Wknd Biz Podcast  hope it'll ret'n soon
I'm in the fast lane, tryin to flip and get a grip on my mind
Give us a call at 8885023336, and we'd be happy to share some info with you.
:
I need sunglasses on a day like this damn I should backed up lol
hahah thank you :
You know I totally agree.
Sometimes getting up in the morning and getting doctorssed requires creativity ;
know of a group of people wanting to chill and learn?
I'm down
So ready for D.C.
NowPlaying You Got It by Roy Orbison
what's good fam
did that make it better?
Picking out a new desktop for my new job  which one should I get?!
So...
if I told you that I was showing Sifl  Olly in class, would you call that a bad idea?
Yeah whats your number?:
They are having issues right now.
Each audition has three components, the entry interview, the performance, and the exit interview.
but tell him he's kinda cute please?
I only had time for one pic, either or ...tough decision.Umm.
Hey Z, let's get that pic some time soon.
Just want to thank for bringing so many people together with instantfollowback.com followback instantfollowbackgradea :
Great game from the Mets today...
Peanuts are on me!!!
lalala ne ne ne ne ne ne practice time....
Relaxing at the beach.
obama just kicked all the homophobes thru the goal posts of LIFE.
shoutout ms.
deizmann
My typical workout involves eating kettle cooked chips.
It also kicks my butt.
Hm, I wish that could have gone a little more smoothly
Looks like the link is broken  could we get a repost?
Thanks!
So many men shimmying...
Man these fukn ducks round here be walkn round here like they humans...ill run you duck ass over
RT : Source: Brewers sign SS Tommy Manzella to minorleague deal.
Manzella, Astros' Opening Day starter in '10.
I'm starting a foundation to hire a doctorbble coach for Dirk.
Missouri State Board of Education meeting beginning.
Alta Vista and Confluence Academy charter schools are up for renewal.
That moment when you leave the restaurant  realize that you left your box of left overs on the table..
ATS's final solution: uninstall and reinstall the entire Adobe Master Collection.
Fuckin' brilliant.
you'll smoke some kush with us?
thanks for the follow and good luck this year!
How do you wash it?
Is that your real hair?
Just let it go becki and compliment me and keep it movin'
If you are patient in a moment of anger, you will escape a hundoctord days of sorrow.
About to see Zoo Keeper with my little man.
Theatre is empty and it's a new release.
Uho.
Smart girl.
Love the pic and the wallpaper  pretty in pink!
Got a complimentary comment on a LibGuide over the weekend.
So nice of the student to take the time.
So, what are you telling me?
You're viewing this from somewhere far out along a spacetime continuum?
getting ready to interview Stay tuned to find out what they have to say!
My universe will never be the same..
I'm Glad You Came 3
Met a member of Koko  The Sweetmeats who lives like 6 blocks from me.
Wish we had time to stay for their set.
thanks for the follows!!
I'LL SEE !!!
RT : WE GOING TO THAT NEW RIVERFRONT PARK TODAY AT 6 BE THERE
Make it!
Wtf random headaches.
Thanks for the mention!!!
you know Anthony Tambakis?
my mom was going through old pictures  found a picture of him at her graduation wearing ladies
Uthoff on the prospect of playing with Dekker: I could have played alongside of him, and I would have had no problem doing it.
I take out my phone on purpose to look at my wallpaper cause it's cute ; 3
sometimes you are an evil evil man, giving us little tidbits like this!
;
Did I eat today ?
I'm starving right now, Damnn
Tasos thinks there are three quarters in hockey.
Three quarters is not enough of anything.
: Seriously lol!
At least they will know by your cheering who are you rooting for.
panjot!
I did
i just threw up and died
better pick to win this season!!!!
SHARONNEEDLES!!!!
Napoleon, don't be jealous that I've been chatting online with babes all day.
Besides, we both know that I'm training to be a cage fighter.
I took two different quizzes to see what my clothing style should be.
The first result was Summer Beachwear.
The second result was Goth.
mhm Chicago is always cool to go to.
How do you like Texas?

Gettin my nails didjust noticed the lady next to me has doctorgon feet....
Would be a great event for DK to do........
Gain more awareness and it could incorporate anyone to come help
Community Day coming up Saturday.
Fun activities for the whole family  art projects, break dancing plus three galleries open.
Noon  5 pm
I wish I could learn I was allergic to a medication before it sends me to the ER all night long with an asthma attack.
WOW i just made a twitter and i already have 58 followers?
yee u guys are amazing!
yes, but i'm at home today bc i'm ill :
Had to use the pointy end of a nail file to peel off a book label.
YUM.
is that downtown?
You sure said it, mine is turnig 15 and it's the best and worst all at the same time.
yeah good times!
Airport terminal or cruise ship promenade?
adventures arewelost?
I ain't doin dancing lls you must be out your mind.
WhatHurtsMeTheMost is that and will never follow me, even how hard i try...
:,
Why is Arizona so cold today?
: cuddling  wrestling  kissing  hickies  lip biting  hand guiding  a little aggression  moans  grabbin .
Like a high school reunion, that conference is.
Stayed just long enough to keep myself out of trouble.
Thanking God for waking me and my love ones up this morning
PARTY HARDY
sucks for the Dodgers...
Absolutely.
Between them and DC it makes me sick.
Technology is hard and confusing.
Is Geocities and Friendster still cool?
Never SECOND Guess Yourself!
is it the end of a marking period or perhaps the final days before April vacation?
allow me to introduce you to the fine team over at
I know it hears ugly, but is not!
Is delicious!
Original lays with sauce!
I'm a rock whisperer.
time for eggnog and last minute shopping.
love it!
Where is my gambling announcer for this game?
This spread is still up for grabs
Heavy music can be very motivating.
It is visceral and the energy is contagious.
Rock on!
MMAF2011 great last panel!
It's like you're two different people lol 
Okay and thanks :
Going to see some Dolly Parton covers tonight in Ballard  can't wait!
Was it via email?
Letter via mail?
I just want to make sure it never happens again and find out what happened in this case.
Brain won't stop spinning.
Great conversation tonight.
w/

Shoes over tattoos !!
Copping OG PLAYOFFS saturday hopefully.
Tattoos are forever though!
i no its an old movie but i just watched the last song...
its gotta b the best movie u guyz r amazing actors!!!
you are someone so wonderful, you are my closest friend, and with this I promise, to love you till the end!
Thank you for doing such a nice job on the article about our domestic violence meeting.
It turned out nicely.
Happy weekend!
Literally I sound like a pack a day smoker right now....
My variation of follow Friday  Friday Favorites!
Feeling sick.
: fablabs/hacker spaces/maker spaces distribute costs of maker culture tools  gewgaws, just like we do w/other materials.
Were your ears burning last night.
Had dinner with and your name came up.
In a relationship you want someone who you can be extraordinary with instead ordinary apart.
Current topic of office chat: why hasn't anyone gamified spamisterporting?
I'd totally rack up inapp purchases on SpamBlasters.
Hand this iPad to your CHRO and say, discover.
Dear advertisers, When commercials come on ten times louder than the show I mute the volume and ignore it.
you're lucky I love you!
;D
Dave!
When are you gonna take me on a date to chickfila lol
Thanks!
You rock!
london and france!
:
About to go over wedding food with my mom and Robyn, deep breaths, deep breaths....
fake nigga's be queit!
Hha jpjp well good luck not that you need it !
;
RT : Age is irrelevant.
Who we are as a person matters most.
Celebrate every person's unique abilities.
I agree.
If more people used the Spirit instead of the flesh we'd have a lot fewer divorces.
Even a mosquito doesn't get a slap on the back until it starts to work.
Congrats !
Eric Quigley SEC Player of the Year, Head Coach Dennis Emery, SEC coach of the Year.
oh I got it, and lmaooo TO YOUR TEXT.
Am I like the only one that doesn't take my phone out in school?
I read like 7 pessages
So HAPPY FOR YOU!
Thrilled you made it happen!!
Enjoy!
I just keep thinking about the fact I almost came to church by myself this morning
Probably better to focus more attention on bigger cost problem than on more specific debt problem.
thatawkwardmomentwhen you have to request a new neurologist because yours is sketch
Watching this PackersGiants game is making me feel better about our Niners' chances next weekend.
OMG THANK U FOR GIVING ME A HEART ATTACK..
I ALMOST DIED..
OMFGG.............I THOUGHT U WERE BIEBS..
EFF...
hey can i get a follow back :
Showed to my grad Oral History seminar today as a possible outlet for interviews  they loved it!
Reno TBA.
ur ao sexy u know what and I'm do my little dance on the cat wal
Making Turkish Coffee For The Fam
cool..im glad to here it..
Fairy tale for me.
I'm way too excited for that.
Good luck!
dickinsonproblem that big crowd on the first and second floor
Yeahilovethat crack cocaine
happy birthday gods.
youre a beauty my brother 
Perfect!RT : Tomorrow is National Wear Red Day!
Support Go Red for Women movement and help wipe out women's 1 killer,heart disease!
TMZ reporting that Dick Clark, America's perpetual teenager has died from a heart attack at the age of 82.
yes, they ought to, in other districts they had I guess
Oh okay sounds fun!
Have fun!
Haven't been in years.
Tues May 8!
We are very excited!
RT : Yes!
Opening soon and should be awesome.
At the barbershop waitn to get this shape up...
Or to sing country music for the rest of my life.
you always want what you can't have
Nail salon real quick :3
You made my day today!
Looking forward to our next session.
:
We're having a volunteer meeting tomorrow  4:30pm with a tour of the current show.
Interested?
Contact:
Attention my Men followers: Snowbunny OR Beach Babe????
Tkc pub runin: Annie carrying Currents of Marxism and a professors manuscript.
Oh the disadvantages of being short.
Merp
Thank you!
I'll wear it with Pride!
Have we reached peak peak?
Tamara!
CALL SEAN'S BLUFF ON HIS BOGUS TALKING POINT ABOUT NOW NET JOBS!
OMG.
Stop counting crayons, just doctorw pictures.
Mark Scharenbroich
Are you shucking kidding me?!
Super shucking jealous!
Wish I was shucking some oysters right now...
Let's go
Me talking to people: Let's make artsy stuff!
from the other side of the room Woo!
thanks for follow!
India's a leader in new tech in diplomacy, would love to get your input during futureofpd event tomorrow
But students would have to have Skydoctorve Accounts .
.
.
I suppose his videos could monopolize the market of teachers choosing to not use their own videos  not create their own resources.
I leave for Florida in the morning..
Sigh.
You heard it here.
Prince Fielder by over 18 feet.
arent u bently sister...do he have a twitter
Yes.
And then you start trying to insert hypercompensatory us into everuything, like a vowelmad Englishwouman.
By the way, this has little to do with sex.
I've been through the wars the past 5 or 6 years.
My agency just started offering free online marketing evaluations for shopping centers.
DM me if you're interested.
Hi my name is i am not a rapper...only on that beat that makes my racks grow faster...
This was a record trickortreat year!
280 pieces gone in 2.5 hrs!
We ran out twice.
I love being a home owner in
Jacobs will also help 49ers contend...for most untimely unsportsmanlike conduct penalties
: trix was the world's first multicolored breakfast cereal.
Not true.
I colored my own cereal before trix
So since everyone wants the Clippers to win I'm voting for the Grizzlies Hell I'm closer to Memphis anyway
Ugh, make it 2 goals RT : We're into the third, still trailing by a goal.
Yes plz make excuses for how u really thought you were gonna get a player like him to settle for a hoe like you.
that is truly, truly heartbreaking.
i hope it doesn't last long.
Gettin' cozy with the on this chilly day!
Ima bad bitch ya dig.
so glad you had a good time!
sometimes for L, L, and me it feels like a meal we made for a dinner party; had to tell how it tastes!
My diet this week is going to consist of coffee, water, adderall, and jimmy johns.
Thursday come faster!
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing.
Abraham Lincoln
I think should start making crop tops for Fresh Dough and sell them at Warped.
I'd probably buy them all.
What nowdefunct station do you miss the most?
Twitter winners: , , : second, third and fifth place winners
That was slick.
But im.back to regular ole me now lol
Corbin Bleu will replace Hunter Parrish in beginning April 17th!
Dear iPod, When I put you on shuffle, it means play all my favorite songs.
Sincerely, Skip, skip, no, no, YES SIR.
Lmaoo let the man live!
Which pols are reupping?
BTW  has Romney, Gingrich or Santorum commented on this?
Oops, that should be Cath, not Cathy.
Curse this autocorrect!
Tom Barrett and Jon Erpenbach just walked into Espresso Royale to say hi and hang out.
I think John Nichols is with them outside.
To bad you have none :
I'm on the edge...of my seat...and hoping Gaga stops in da Burgh.
Don't ya just love when things are obvious but you never realize them?!
Lol
SEO is by nature a crossfunctional exercise
Twitter was used to help organize protests during the 2011 Egyptian revolution and the 2009 Moldova civil unrest.
Good morning cildc!
What's been up???
I like her little hat.
Sassy!
6 cans of pineapple juice, and i do, whateva i feel like jess de rivera
Swag  Maggie swaggie.
Justin and I came up with that together and he put it in his song.
Just sayin'
you have your heart attack yet?
What's up with your Spartans?
That squad wishes they had u and mo pete right now
I you got a strange direct message from me I apologize.
I got a hack/spam message that I did not know about.
Do not open the message.
My aunt Toni is always tweeting.
She's tweets more than me lol ;
OH.
i heard Robert is gonna be on Austin's Ustream.
:D
This is just disrespectful lmfao
Yep.
Will probably seal the deal within a week RT : you sellin the mini??
At cheddars!!!
Yeah!!!
Love my new iPhone 4!!!!
ditto...should be a good week!
Hey, thank you very much.
An honor to be in this list!
to be a guest on Saturday morning at 10:20 a.m.
MT.
Omgosh!
Sonic on rt 22 east by the warren exit opens tomorrow!
9 to 11!
I am so there!
Who is w me?!
WOAH.
Just walked into an American Apparel for the first time.
Minneapolis bound!
: did an amazing job at Lonestar Park..
Thanks!
We had a blast!!!
See you next time PAO!
Ahh i miss u bitches!
what kind of phone do u have???
htcamphibian lol
That's what I do best: whining/researching/sketching/doodling/mofoing.
J/k on the mofoing.
But all else fits.
Time for a change.
Even If the King would come here, I would not expect the Orioles to spend money.
:
honestly, there is no sexual innuendo like elevator sexual innuendo
Damn knicks vs heat first round wtf....
This shit aint gonna be easy
To, too, two; two tutu; tutu too...it's all the same, really.
Beginning of July.
I am going to the ISTE conference with Jason and Wendy at the end of June, though.
live music nights, do you have spoken word artists as well, poets, NEO soul?
Filming a Spec Commercial today!
I wish I were quicker with camera.
Guy chattin up smokin hot chick w/ toilet paper on chi n from shaving.
I think the term swinging bunt offers far too much credit to the hitter.
Blind luck is much more fitting
Need help writing the next paper or business plan?
Call Your Thoughts, LLC!
18666948528 or email us:
still havent gotten my ZOMG bracelet yet and its been like 3 months :,,,,,
I can't cognitively function and listen to Bach simultaneously :
Don't mess up something that down for life, for someone who's just down for the night.
At 5:19 left...Spero Dedes just said The Knicks cruising to another win...has he seen a 4th qtr of a Knicks game in the shot clock era?
Oh jeez, shots fired at Virginia Tech
DEY SO NOISY SMH ITS NOT EVEN FUNNY
Yep ....
Does it work for you, and if so, how, and what's the time, energy and money required and ultimate ROI?
Happy CyberMonday!
Where are you shopping online today?
The North American lottery system makes about 70 billion every year...
More than the movie, music and porn industry combined.
BREAKING: Newt admits there is a challenge that may be too big for him to solve.
Several festivals this weekend, then a party as Minnie Mouse to finish the weekend off!
your everything is excessive.
i am going to miss you so much while i am gone babe, muahh, xoxoxo 33
BUZZ, a young adult novel available in English but also in Chinese and in paperback or in any ebook format.
SEE WHAT THE BIG DEAL IS.
hahah!
: i love you.
YouAreTheReason why i wake up every morning and smile.
i love you guys soo much and couldnt imagine life without you guys
OKAY I WILL.
You could always just put it to voicemail!
Bachman got stronger by the Republicans that's good news because if she wins the nomanaition Will Obama defeat her 4 sure

I was at the publicity dinner for , the show I've just been cast in.
We open on the 23rd of Feb.
STOKED!
In Dublin  listened to Wood Memorial on phone.
Tom Durkin is still a marvelous racecaller.
Great call on gemologist win
We have a couple great newer brews!
California IPA, Nut Brown, Old Nate's Pale, American Amber, and of course the Red Wing Red.
And these scars are still shown.
When will they heal?
With the customer signing up for these messages voluntarily, the business is already sending notifications to their target demographic.
Ahem.
I wish Justin Bieber would hold my belts.
Officially an iPad owner.
Annoying things about womanhood: plucking your eyebrows and there is a stubborn hair you just can't get with the tweezers
LADIES LOVE ME 3333 love that song
Why you gotta be so mean?
really hoping that this season of the amazing race is the last appearance for rachel and brendan on reality tv...
Bombshell of the night!
Someone in this room has never heard of Boblo Island
Well deserved!!
me and Pablo are going to try and get into the 8 pm show on to night.
Even though it's sold out.
Dad was an audio Engineer for 5 miles of cable and parabolic microphones on doctor lake bed.
Cried every time.
Thanks for an amazing event!
One of the best!
RT: Sold out dinner Amazing Sriracha calamari
I don't even wanna talk about it!
Can't even explain the way I'm feeling this morning, but nothing compares D
Trips BEFORE would be great also!
RT : Yes!
Lots more of those.
Or trips BEFORE the wedding.
I know i'm the girl you want the most.
Comics A.M.
Archie Tackles Breast Cancer in Cheryl Blossom Story Archie Comics to addoctorss breast cancer, healthcare!
Paul Gravett on An
Minus that redhead.
See ya later
Anyone getting to Netroots on that Tuesday  need a roomie?
Thanks!
Going on my first date tonight to see TheAvengers and so nervous.
Any advice?
looks very similar to mine.
:D
It looked like a tornado had hit my office when I got back to work last week, but I think I've FINALLY caught up!
One more DenverRestaurantWeek meal tonight with and It's so great the week is actually two weeks :
We create our own limits.
The Sonoma tourism board just called...
They want us both back for a tasting next weekend!
If only...
New Hunger Games TV Spot, Images,  Official Rating
Cause I'm the Mothafuckin Boss Bitch!!
Here's to the college kids who actually go to class.
gottagethatA gonnamakethat
Finally!
Dusting off the board and hittin' the slopes with wifey.
Thanks for arriving, snow.
shreddin'
This will be just the start of Bret's remodeling.
Haha.
First the Camp.
Then the closets, garage, etc
I work in 4 hours.
Since I wasn't able to celebrate the 5 I celebrated the 6.
RT : Hope has 2 daughters, Anger  Courage.
Anger at the way things are, courage to make things better than they are.
Augustine
yeah tru tru hahaha but have to say in the beginning it seemed like a porn video from all the boobs and butts scenes haha
Congrats to the Lady Irish!
Always Number 1 in my book.
John Ladley : an explosion in semantics
5 Tuesday!
It's too hot and humid to tan outsidestop into 123 W.
Madison today!
no you're not going crazy haha.
i noticed that too!
:
its like messi's and pique's goal against real madoctord......beautiful back heel!
Had a good day today in New York City today now on my way back to Houston right now
Dear God..
If you Exist I want to talk to you honestly ''we need to talk''...
you can't stop the wave, but you can learn to surf :
Forgetting what is behind and straining toward what is ahead.
Philippians 12:14
Long time coming RT : S.O my nigga , the last of the 21Club..
If anti gay marriage proponents had to sign doc admitting to being bigot before prevent gays from marrying gay marriage would pass tomorrow.
WeWontWork; if you disrespect your parents.
is Newman your professorssor?
back from work cant wait to get this place going
It sounds like they want narrative nonfiction?
I've been looking for some in the 5th6th reading lvl too.
Just met adam irogoyien and he totally signed my converse!!!!!!
AH!!!!!!
:D :D his arm was so warm!!
I'd have to prescribe my music if you need a laugh...
we'll call in the car and ill tell you her name then cuz i dont want people stealing it to get tickets
you were really fired up about it.
It's a bummer, better luck next time.
LOVE your music video!
Good stuff my talented friend!!
Love you!
RT I love what the both of you do for our culture of love keep up the excellent work!
We are still trying to convince one of the writers to see The Smurfsthat will be interesting...
you could run gridworks on an open IP and port and let other people access it.
use i option for host and p for port.
BOYFRIENdoctorview i'm listening it 123987434 times in aday
yea bro!
i followed him!
Much love 3
Don't get 2 comfy relying on your existing clients.
Go out and get some new business!
Ditto all that, except it's milk in my coffee
Don't know your secret, but a tail is hard to hide :
Thanks for a great seminar!
no worries!
clean slate :
I just ordered a copy of 'My Mother Was an Upright Piano' short stories by  what a great title!
Very excited :
Guess what is supposed to be arriving in the mail today???!!
goodnight sexi sleep tight ;p
Maybe.
I've been getting information/studying for at least 4 hours today.
All this reading and stuff is giving me a headache.
:/
Computer would not boot up because the crappy SATA cable was at an angle.
I haven't even touched the inside of my computer for months...
...
y soporta flash?
Thanks for tuning in!
At this play
RT : Love adding a little sugar  salt to your vinegar, then making quick pickles w/cuke slices!
Happy Mothers Day to the future mother of my child.
if I was you I would have said so why are u breaking ur neck to look at my phone?
and make sure he reads it.
He'll be like Wtf
Pisces A slave unto there own desires and imagination, hard to resist, with eyes that show the deepest of hurtful disappointment.
RT : The Young Milwaukee Charitable Organization Inc.
proudly presents the 2011 Youth Football Fundoctoriser.
Details at...
Prospective intern just said rescheduling interview is fine because it will give time to shower.
Pondering on the issue of asking for help.The whole thing is strange.
Don't treat God like you treat yor coworkers...you need to do your share of the work in order to get the blessing...IJS

Abel Thomas, please DM me ASAP regarding interview today
Okay that's enough safari pictures from last year.
Can you tell I'm excited?
IfYouKnowMeWell then you know I love animals.
:
I agree.
It's why I moved my daughter to California.
I wanted her to know more than white people.
;
Support the entire purchasing lifecycle through mobile
2012 election almost exclusively defined by the 1.
196 individual donors provided nearly 80 of super PAC money giving 100,000 each
An OZONE ACTION ALERT had been issued and is in effect until 4 p.m.
tomorrow.
SWAT situation finally over.
Got a lot of paperwork to do.
Maybe will give us peppy pills so we can stay up and get it all done
YOU ARE YOUR OWN An Artistic Gallery Experience tomorrow!
Sat 59pm.
Dont miss it!!!
Lady saw
This is my 1000 tweet!!!:D
I hope everythings okay.
Just saw The Dictator.
It was Aladeen.
Made appointment last week to look at 8 potential new offices today.
Now only 5 are left.
Economy is turning around in Seattle.
Thanks for all the RT's people!
Keep doin what you're doin!!
The 505 rocks!
Enjoying one of the better social media presentations I have seen by
I wish she was here now so i can get it
doctorve for Charity just one week from today!
1 from every trip donated to local charities.
Goal is 30,000!
SBXThe125.com
OMG.
WANT!
RT : Egg scramble breakfast burrito on whole wheat tortilla with salsa, and of course coffee!
No dad I won't get a haircut it's 2012
May 5th taste of the triangle.
20 in advance, 30 at door!
Im going to get a lot done today!
Gotta keep working hard.
Marketing then party with
The debate crowd is extremely well behaved tonight.
Moreover, the online retailers are not only the suppliers of printer ink, they also supply equipment and fax machine cartridges
I'm just going toned bye !
So stop !
thanks so much!
i'm so glad you like it!
:
These baskets have microphones, this event should be rated NC17 for language.
Are you holed up somewhere working on an outline/script?
I have seen enough to know that I have seen too much...
Avengers rocked.
Good Earth Tea!!!!
I can't believe I hadn't bought Of Mice  Men's album until today.
It's so good...
PIERRE is stock in traffic.
We'll get Metro Center a little late.
Stay tuned for arrival.
I hear rye does wonders.
Awesome story coming in email soon re: ruthless rye
Our event planners will help you with all the details of your next party.
Let us do the work!
I see that Dave Nash is my rep.
I know Dave!
He's such a great guy.
Thanks again for your help!
Apparently also saw the one presentation I really needed to see!
Might call you on Mon.
about that Matt.
Wow.
I wonder what that dude thinks IS a wellwritten show.
everyone be sure to tag in your sports tweets from now on
Watched Killian in The Armando Show IO West tonite.
Lots of laughs!
smart move...us too!
Oh, I can see behind the curtain.
The wheels are cranking, turning.
It's all wrong the way we're working.
did you get caught in the traffic of the rollover accident on the Palmetto too?
Super schlick!
And it better be...: Love the different length bios, esp.
Interminable Length
read the previous tweets and the new article on the site.
if i was a girlfriend i never let u go..
MARY KELP AND SPLASHLEY, CRUSTACEAN DOMINATION, SHELLY.
Never!
Plus, 4 p.m.
is prime time!
Heading out to the meeting!
Industry night!
You know what that means!
you're welcome!
Inspired me as a pregnant woman with first child on way!
We are at Zappos again today.
Thursday we will try Vegas.com one more time.
No problem How's everything with the band going?
man its been a while but I'm back!
Checking all my messages.
Lots of thanks for the rt's etc.
so hot in my house cantstandit!
My reality just set it.
Apparently a 5.6 centered in Richmond...being told to go back to work.
how's my future look Nostradamus?
By taking this action, I hope that I will have hastened the start of the healing.
My thoughts and prayers are with Please know we are all thinking of you and hope you get well soon.
Here are some of our top picks for the best quotes of all time on business:
would need the dualply shamwow for this mess!!
Please stop by 's Blue Santa Breakfast tomorrow, 12/2 from 610am!
Bring a new, unwrapped toy  get free hot breakfast!
See u there!
yea dats my jam.long heel.ha ha
need to meet this team in person!
Misconception that everyone can do art but only a few can do science.
Art can help make science less intimidating
season is over
darn you...so bad 4 my diet!
Didn't need to know about They r too close to home!
if you aren't too busy, could you check out my new livestream for church?
How is it?
www.livestream.com/fcgvin
I realized the Grand Old Party was over when you booed the Golden Rule.
hey!
We print on sweatshirts, pants, jackets, bags.
We can help you get hats embroidered if you need them.
What are you thinking?
MoviesThatShouldntBeRemade The Players Club
Lol my bro is only 16 months and he's already trying to do flips!!
Lol
This AP class brings my confidence down .
Anastasia has pretty clothes...
Bridal veil is blooming in our neighborhood.
Makes me think of small towns, front porches and the book Dandelion Wine.
Happy Thurs lovely!
How are the morning workouts going?
Take the Nike approach: Just DO it!
; Plus we have sun early now.
Yaay!
Born to be Wild is the cutest movie ever.
The baby monkeys and elephants are precious.
Are you local to Portland, OR and need custom shirts?
Schedule to check out our showroom of samples before you order!
:
Without local bands, there would be no national bands.
Still reeling from all the NFL news today.
Holy hanabells.....
glory to your underwear.....
We need more followers the next 5 who follow will receive a free class call 2017636677
Red solo cup...
I fill you up...
I would love to be one of your five fans!!!
: hacked by Spikey Mikey:
New video almost complete keep ya eyes open fa it
Thanks for the follow Kamal!
Thank you for bringing out the evil in me b
Thanks so much for the RT!
I am a mess.
Finally found some time to film a new video today.
Now to the editing room.
More tips on how to get bikini ready should be uploaded soon.
Great visit this morning with Sen.
Hunt at Harps Mill Creative School.
Big thanks to Dir.
Amanda Kowski and staff who were wonderful hosts!
creative motivation: The greatest revenge is 2 accomplish what others say u cannot do
Enjoyed my meal  Fogo de Chao...I'm so stuffed and sleepy!
This this class be over already...
Keep the Beat LA chant going because you're still getting shutout 30 right now.
Heyoooo!
Hey follow back so I can DM you about your acting class ..
Thanks
paid 1million  in support, never went to jail over it.
Pay ur support guys.
It's not Gretchen's response ability to pay it.
To all out Waldo Cooney fans, have a great Monday.
I don't know how lesbians do it.
I REALLY don't like other girls.
Girls are bitches.
We had a wonderful time!
Thanks for having us.
can we skype really really soon please?
Wow, Safari is unbelievably fast.
It amazes me how somehow everyone ends up being connected in one way or another.
RT : Walk around this AM in Oliver.
Using BMore 311 app to report dump sites.
aw that's really nice .
thank you so much
Time vs .
My time is cherished because I can't hit rewind; however, lost  can be made up.
Yes, do, next time you're here.
Hope Breanne is OK.
She's so nice
Sarah who?
there are worse things than being stuck in Paris, one of my favorite cities...
can I get stuck there/
i think my laptop is having a seizure
I just realized that my kiln full of student work has been on low since 9am.
Completely forgot about turning it up all day.
Sandless sandbags Looking for serious investors to make this product thrive
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself.
Jim Morrison
I'm going to work it out!
I know you are doing BIG things.
hey brother
I forget 2 use twitter sumtimes but i nvr forget about whos on it, i love u all and thank u for being there for me!!3
We  kids are on precision timing to get the door each morning.
Today I doctorgged  made mister late.
So, I delivered hot oatmeal to her office.
GOP Reps.
Ron Paul and Justin Amash vote no on Lena Horne Recognition Act.
Measure passes 4102.
: doctorke and josh is on tv I repeat doctorke and josh is back on.
please follow back it would make my day big time!
:D xoxo love u : 
...
of course I'd have to have some evil tendencies in the doctorwing, something dark with her.
Hmm.
Glad you could make it to Austin.
Don't party too much, big day tomorrow at innotech RT Howdy, Austin.
Great to be here.
I want to move to a different country!
notfeelingithere SOME people are to superficial.
you just pissed off TONS of UK fans!
I play some
I ain't no bro though.
H Hoops too much on the glass pull away in the end to win 7354 over D1 Ambassadors to advance to the tourney Championship
So happy thats its finally may
Not digging the emmys, if you're going to go cheezy satirical, at least give us Gervais!
Greek the freak out
nah umma still b both but not rappin no more
Loved it, but Dare Iz a Darkside is my favorite
Sharing the gospel at the Henna Party Workshop
I liked it.
appealed to my angsty teen girl sensibilities.
did you read the book?
it is about 15.00 for his book on amazon..
i just ordered mine yesterday and will get it friday or saturday!!
In this bitch till 7
hahaha We're definitely related.
Next plan: take on a new city.
Chicago or
I'm glad I am not the only person that hates that band.
What is your favorite era for the JSA.
I have to say the early 2000s were excellent for the JSA.
IfIWonTheMegaMillions.....Im putting up the one half in the bank  the other half, myself, my family  fiance are going HARD :
APSA Virtual Brown Bag Series: Landed A Job, Now What?
starting now!
: opening line....Dont hate me, hate the the money i make.....
classic
check my last TFLN retweet...
I think you'll like it
Holy H that was a great basketball game.
Unfortunately I wasn't cheering for Kansas.
Bored sad
The Lions defense is giving Brees too much time!!!
Our roommate claims that there are areas in Ohio that are nothing.
No government.
Emptiness.
A fun day for Playdate w/ the Bearcats, 25pm to raise  for !
Hope to see you there!
I Had A Great Day W/ BestFriend , Caro  :D
School/house work.
Thighs shakin toes curling scratchin my back n jerkin ya head my heart stop den i pull out n watch u wet da bed
weird.
I was with that guy tonight.
I looked up the closest tweets, and I find you : hi!!
I'm kristie :
I'm done with fb.
YAY!!
now on to google plus or something.
i mean right now i have a blog.
and a livejournal and ten thousand other things
thanks!
I'm glad you like the site.
SmackDown what are u saying because USA USA rocks
Booked a late return flight to Texas so I can watch the Spurs playoff game
follow me Sarah?
your beautiful!
xox
I can't wait to get home to lay down
happens to us all.
Hope you had a great weekend!
Your body is just the place your memory calls home.
Did u know Dwntn Miami residents that bring a cork into tonight get 10 off!?
Yup.
They're all really good.
You'd most likely like it.
I haven't met a person that hasnt lol.
I used to not care for sushi either
sure thing!
So many tweets about Game of Thrones inducing  boners, yet no one has made the obvious connection of calling them Throners.
Sad.
In every victory there is joy!
The king REJOICES in your strength, LORD.
How great is his JOY in the victories you give!
Psalms 21:1
I'm a ProudBull MT : 6554 victory over Cal is firstever win for USF men's basketball team in NCAA Tourney!
Ha!
It's not until next month.
I'm going to Memphis this week for the Distance Library Services conf
and the truckers from New Jersey delivering China made to Menards!
Count them too!
Check out today's article in the metro section page B1 plain dealer did on ELECTPAVARINI candidate 4 Cleve Clerk of Courts
Looking forward to some home brewed stout to bring in the New Year!
What beers are you having tonight?
Just about time for Day 2, Keynote is New ARL Best Practices in Fair Use for Academic and Research Libraries
well, hello there!
Tomorrow we are going to meet up w/ Eric from Camera Can't Lie and book dates to record with him!
who's excited??
Thanks for the lunch delivery, and great prezzo!
My 3 p.m.
cookie snack was also delicious!
I wish my brain would go to sleep.
My body is cussing it out!
meshia you shut up !.
Ill do it later i gotta go off now.
Sorry :/
RT : ..
officiating in college hoops is laughable compared to pros.
I've got 3 page done out of 5.
Homestretch!
I just need to stop taking breaks.
Impossible because I love breaks!
I'll have another!!!!
Dude was in my top 3 picks!!!
what band is that?
: Goodmornin to the sweetest have a gr8 day ma!!!...good morning boo boo and thank you....u too!
Wonderful point!
T4: Why would we want new technology innovation to stop?
New icon :
Just doctorpped my son off at a wrestling clinic with Olympians Spenser Mango  Nate Engle.
How cool is that?!
That awkward moment when you see 9 year olds with boyfriends or girlfriends, while you're still single.
My last tweet made me laugh to myself, and it was not even that funny, at all.
that's what I missed most when I was in Indy!
they call me mister100!
they call you chris jr
forgot how fun terror tuesday is.
even when the bad film is bad bad and not good bad.
It's Crazy That You Feel That Way.
But Yet Here I Still Am.
are you backk??
Are we going to the stand up comedy thing????
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Tom VanHorn
If we were to recycle/rewrite some songs from the Reviler EP for an upcoming release, what songs would you want?!
amen ms.meyers.bless day to u n ur staff..
Thank heaven for the screw top.
do you have any extra passes for Mirror Mirror, American Reunion, or something else for this weekend?
That was a fast and furious 5 minutes of hockey; these guys are playing as though it's Game 7.
Love the passion and intensity!
Yup!
GM to my Cancers Once determined you cannot shake a Cancer's mind.
They'll see through to the end.
Love the guesses so far!
Some of you are getting warmer...warmer...
PXYSJ Raph
un diner presque parfait
He gave me poetry...
he was my first...

I figure that if the childoctorn are alive when I get home, I've done my job.
Roseanne Barr
Y.O.L.O HHE BPR the take over is HERE!!
u done..
thank you, sir!
Your bathroom smelled better
didn't mean it like that
Great idea!
I mean, the beaches here are nice too ;
congrats guys!
xo
If her boobs are the same size as her fists
Oh you've given some thought?
I mean it would only b smart since you're already under
Only wish I could try some of the free samples.
Where did VIP sell out?
Alabama Shakes!
I wish I could be omw to Oakland :
please make my wish come true nd follow me back!!
NeverSayNever!:
why so many people gotta be jelly tho?

FCC/Knight Foundation Digital Inclusion Summit
so close yay!
Anyone want to tell me how to cure my mom's pain?
I actually already had a bunch of beastie boys songs loaded to start one.
RIP.
A needed break from finals prep.
Tons of new footage in LostLandscapes of SF  hugs from old friends Moriah U  !
lol!
get yours MC Breed voice
Mock turtles all the way down.
Too hypothetical, impossible!
Learning w/o facilitation?
RT : Q2 What if the Learning dept only focused on learning
Happy St.
Patricks Day!
Walkins welcome!
Men clipper cut 15, women get a BLow Out and cut 30.
5135 s fort apache rd.
my patna had some.
He sold his though
It's Friday, 85  Sunny.
Let's Sonic!
Baltimore 8212 Liberty Rd.
Exit 18 West off 695.
Hi Cheryl!
Hope travels are treating you well this week!
Su, su, sushi.
Chocolate covered bacon tomorrow!
Just registered for tomorrow!
Looking forward to meeting peers and sharing in the awesomeness of this industry.
Thanks sponsors!
i guess he likes eggs
Ok Marry The Night is growing on me!!!
God damn you lady gaga
The Houston Hoops 16u are off to a great start this weekend ...finished 30 in pool play.
Bracket play starts at 7:15pm tonight.
Follow me and ill follow you teamfollowback tweet more biatch
thank god for performances guarantees at guitar center
If it keeps raining lift ur thoughts above the clouds.
The sun is just hidden.
Success is as well it is just covered by cloudy thinking
I can doctorw on paper quite good actually, but on an ipod, I doctorw like a 3 year old.
IA2011 attendees  come let your inner kid out to play tonight!
Happy Cinco De Mayo everyone!!
i love you follow me plisssssssssssssssssss 1
Emotionally: I'm done.
Mentally: I'm doctorined.
Spiritually: I'm dead.
Physically: I smile.
Lost
I'm 1,225 miles away from Austin but distance doesn't mean a thing.
I will ALWAYS support him, when I stop will be when I stop breathing.
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I I took the one less travelled by, and that has made all the difference.
Robert Frost
Shit turns out different than u expect ..!
lol I see!!
Thomas Troward on the process of visualization: Having SEEN and FELT the end, you have willed the means to the realization of the end.
Congrats to Matt Kuchar on his win today!
watch you'll be just as obsessed as I am haha!
Best of luck.
p
Noted sir...kill it!
: not sure of the number, but faster than that guy who played Chad Bradford in Moneyball.
:
Dew Tour first day I'm spinnin at the bottom of peak 8 at the TBar starting at 2pm!
Life in the Mountains Holla!
It's Been A Long Time Since I Heard Airplanes  B.o.B It's A Great Song, I Love 3
My lil brother just pored all these cracker jacks on ma carpet ma room deserves betterCouple wks ago he spilled milk all on the floor:
Yup!
RT : Sure, many of us didn't get our first choice in GOP candidate for POTUS, but it's time to unite to defeat OBAMA!
TGIF Thanks God 4 blessing me wit another new day,  another new start.
Hope everybody has a great day  enjoy the weather :
I got your package and I love it!
Thank you so much!
Will send you a proper email tonight.
:
Green Red Green Red Green Red...
Coffee...
Done!
Wahh up early to go back to school only 2more weeks of classes
The greatest thing this heart can achieve, is to find something worth to doctoram, and baby, you are the doctoram
I bet you do; haha
No, actually I don't haha.
I'm on that 85 status.
High five!
peer review may be good, as long as the peers are in the field  not superimposing CS values on bio code.
short weekend, need more rest.
I am currently mixing a house/electronic project by producer McMurray and a single by Mellina
Death penalty?
Raids?
Institutions will try to preserve the problem to which they are the solution.
Clay Shirky
U at Joy Of Game?
: I love Catch Me.
Story of my love life lol
I also liked Sleepytime when you can!
At wedding last night.
Bride's sister gave kind, heartfelt toast.
Groom's brother discussed his boyhood hygiene  booger obsession.
Why???
Douchey college students have their Spring Break ruined in classic Bhorror fashion in Hungry Hungry Hippos
In Sarasota FL for The Planking Song Video Shoot.
Q3: Cappuchino with whipped cream and chocolate chips
we find it's hard to truly master typing while depending on autocorrect.
There's no way to reach truly fast speeds with a crutch.
Up early after a long shoot last night need Coffee, bagel, and blessing from above ok I'm ready.
And silver for High Arctic too.
Men marry women with the hope they will never change.
Women marry men with the hope they will change.
Invariably they are both disappointed.
Super excited to see at vs kings on March 24th
Shattered the screen on my iPhone.
Now tweeting hurts my finger tips
Hi there!
Thanks for the follow!
I feel like quotin songs............whoever can tell me where these songs are from......they will get a shoutout!!...who's ready
what's wrong with him?
The average city dweller sees over 5000 advertising messages a day, and counting.
Once God has given you awareness, awareness demands action.
myself : Kathryn Bonner  What have you become aware of?
thanks for your wonderful leadership!
we will see who's a football school next season!
Top 5 ranking, ACC champs and a BCS bowl win
Listserv descends into argument over the term BroChoice.
Someone complains about argument.
New argument about said complaint ensues.
My best friend messages me today after a million years !
awesome !
:
Ppl is so immature!!
Asshole you laughed so hard that I heard your fucking voice in the back on the voicemail your stupid ass friend left me
nothing much man you need to come see your god daughter and niece fam!
They getting super big!!!!
Hey I just met you and this is crazy so heres my number so call me maybe and all the other boys try and chase me
men don't wear safely equipment or read instructions lol
How iz I'm posta go to class online if my online ain't twirkin?
Oh crap...
In Living Color on tv.
I still laugh
Finally!
The congregation gets to sit down.
Position yourself with Power...
lol, he had 31 in 3 quaters.
The coach benched him cause they were getting smacked!
Aye aye aye!
I'm sorry!
Let me bug them....
I'll call you when i get home, boo!
I'm at the mall right now
the flu :
Some really hot girls doctorssed in some great costumes.
lol naw you don't.
You just said girl always right!
I'm back
That's all she wrote for the show today.
Troy will be back for his favorite day of the week tomorrow at 10am!
a zip and a double cup
Yo MKE hit me up if you want some Dead Mans Carnival tickets for this Friday at Turner Hall.
No surpise here...
CIA is just a WASP Mafia for American Corporate Interests.
Seriously; they operate using same methods.
: In case anyone was unsure, SportingKC has confirmed Harrington will start at left back Saturday.
RT : Closed!
I am now the proud owner of a new house!
Attending the BMAchicago event around sales enablement.
Our sweet spot!
Cooking a steak....m
Looking to connect some Active Dots USA Musicians Business Networking.
Creative Collective Marketing  Online Marketing Musicians Network.
your tweets be on some other ishh !!!!
Lls
Had a good day with and :
He spoke highly of you.
He also will make the Philly trip.
Now it's my turn with !!!
Man I swear Louisville gonne be right back on the next 48 Hours
We have the flashy jacket wearing, bad comb over rocking, fast skating crowd covered in this years Super Bowl Century21 ,
what time are y'all planning on getting down there?
A business should be run like an aquarium, where everybody can see whats going on.
Jack Stack in the
Amen to that!!
Blessings your way!
All done instagramin, check it out haha.
Went to A lunch and we wasn't sposed to , that shit was boring af and I lost my seats.
Bout to go to C lunch too!
RT realIvyLeague good look thanks for the
Who has home improvement projects planned for this weekend?
IfIWasPresident I'd slide down the American Flag pole every day like Mario when you get to the end of the level
love to lick it good and wet, shove my rock hard cock up in your tight hole, dump off my baby batter then i'm going to...
Stupid shot we killin dem inside keep going
There is a Gold Mine, in your Goal Mind.
Denis Waitley
Slaved away on proposal literally all friggin weekend long  still not done.
Got til 5pm deadline today tic toc damn
This week will be all about work work work :...
On the bright side I can't wait to go shopping after haha 
Saltmarsh and others engaged: social entrepreneurship is big part of innovation/entrepreneurship often overlooked.
It seems like every time I'm in no mood to talk everybody wanna call me.
We'll have to check on that and get back to you ASAP, Amy!
On my way to Central Washington University whoo
Always be a gentleman.
kaitlyn leans against the wall and says DO ME!!
:
Are you getting ready for St Patrick's Day yet?
We sure are!!
Make sure to stay tuned for what's coming up!
I'm pretty sure that in memoir 2 she recants everything from memoir
Hey Doll!
: xx
whoa...
I'm straight like Indian hair then
Been a great week at the San Francisco School of Bartending!
Looking forward to using my newfound skills.
Thoughts and prayers with family of Dick Powell.
NBA Players  Owners have reached a tentative deal to end the leagues month long lockout .
It's about Damn TIME !!!
ok that's more than 1 hahahah thanks
hahah omg love why didnt u call me?
hope ur okay?!
TheFreshSnapback.bigcartel.com is where cheap snapbacks is!
every thing is FREE SHIPPING Over 50 different styles!
x1
We'll see ya tonight, Oxford, OH!
shouldnt u be announcing summer tour datess!?!!
I cant wait any longer !!
Funny.
: Today's the day we start treasure hunting ....
er, I mean, doing room checks through the residence halls.
reslife
Thats that sht i DON'T like!!!
Till he's hurt too.
MT : Though Maldonado is a solid guy, saw him play in Syracuse.
Could make smooth transition to fill a hole
Tom is amazing!
Hurry the effffffffff up and graduate already!
You're in for a great time!
Welcome to our city!
Being present is a Gift.
I may leak a new track from hardship breeds talent 2 in a few mins...
Why not
That sounds like an awesome and eventful Mother's Day!
Glad you had a great day!
what are you doing?
Does anyone else miss Paul Kinsey as much as i do?
Best of show.RT : Wow.
That Chrysler ad just made me proud to admit that I'm from Detroit for the first time in decades.
hah thanks girl!
Omg the afflac duck beat boxin is really disturbing O.O
when the band reaches the level of likes that it wants, what exactly is supposed to happen then?
And you only go to help the ill about 1 or 2 times a week.
andiammental?Figure it out?And that comedian oh yeah he never writes
no problem:
I would go ahead and shower but the brew ain't cold yet.
Tory Gilldoctord provided good wine, food and location so friends could support our work.
Thanks to all who contributed to a successful event!
Omg......I forgot my atm crd at hme....I'm at wrk...aghhhh!!!...hw am I going to survive?
follow please?
liesbrokepeopletell oh shit I left my money at the crib!
Cop me and ill hit you back when I get to the house.
tweeting Austin while peeing Lauren?
Nice multitasking
you're welcome!
:o
just shot some beats your way
Had to show someone my Destructoid debit card to prove I'm the founder.
Most don't verify ...
you too can be our founder at any GDC party!
On the bright side, I'm officially done with my first year of college...
Now just finals .
still waiting and next bus was due 3 min ago...
I'm sorry, but it's deplorable that Mauer did not get that run in.
How much is he making again??
We are getting excited for the Bears Game Today!!!
Take down the Pack with us!
Thanks for the RTs and Mentions!
Happy Friday :
follow please?????
I really really like bruno mars like really really
I knew I was missing something just listening to the radio!
maybe just a little.
I'm the same with records.
Lol.
Hope ur having a great day.
Madison got so much taller, my baby': 3333
Acknowledgement / Resolution / Pursuance / Psalm
Need some DITA info: multilevel numbering in appendices.
Anyone have a good method?
Hell of a game by the Yanks!
Well done fellas!!!
I was going to answer one of your questions, and then I decided I wouldn't even guess.
More like Blair splash project.
I just vomited.
lethargic, pain at the injection site, no eating/doctornking
Bingo tonight at 7!!
It's free and lots of fun:
Thank you!!
We really enjoyed your visit, too :
MT : Word from Fuller family that Devin will be in Tucson next Tuesday  Wednesday.Get red carpet ready.
I've never been scared to say something that I want to say
True but I thought we mostly had to in that league.
I think its safe to say I have a crazy ex .
say hello  im on one
Whoa, calm down ;DD Aha, we're so cool, we give penguins the chills B
Her best friend was the same way with Victoria's husband.
Hampton Ho
No man, I'm just teasing.
RT haha!....would you hold it against me if I said I was a fan?
two tweets in one day?
I should think you must need sleep!
haha!
yes, that makes sense.
: lol thanks for answering.
Have you tried an iced hazelnut latte?
it's good.
art gallery time!
checking out exhibits closing at The Public Trust  the And/Or Gallery, Dallas.
I strained my calf.
Shit crazy when your lil cuz tell you that you can't fuck with dis person because his girl don't like that person.
If that's not fuck up
Up early taking kids to bus stop, man forget this I'm going back to sleep when I come back...teamzzzzz's lol
I have the opposite issue.
I have great music at work but not great when I work out.
A favorite book from my youth Are You There God It's Me Margaret is challenged book.
Glad my access to it wasn't blocked
RT : ACab struck out looking?!
Really???
Isn't it!!
That is a 4yearold kid!!
I'm all for breastfeeding, but at this age, he can get his nutrients from solid food!
lol forreal..
Hopefully for my bday I can tho
I hate it when my boyfriend calls me and ruins my sexting fun.
Great debate tonight.
did a fantastic job.
Omg.
About to piss myself from punkd.
Someone come cuddle with me.
Literally terrified.
Off to the gym with my baby Another great day!
no we do not.
We have our own hangers.
:
Bright colored denim is all the rage!
Check out for your hottest pair!
So sorry about the delayed response to your email!
I've been swamped but I'll hit you back asap, love :D
you hang up when you call me...ok
awesome!
I hope you're enjoying it Sue.
It's a marvelous grape!
I would certainly be interested in just such an exchange my good man.
its hard work sitting on your ass today
Wow beautiful!
Thank you for sharing.
Follow us Claudio!
One love, one heart, let's get together and feel alright
Spencer REID  OMG !
FUCK ME, BABY !
Every time I hear Ayy Ladies I think of That song just has that N.O.
bounce too it.
Looking for other History related twitter folks to add or feature as guest history or travel bloggers.
DeLeo estimates 91 communities are leveraging a new collective bargaining law, a number that even surpasses my own expectations.
so what are you up to?
Why does every photographer in Santa Fe list themselves as wedding shooters?
Ugh.
Can't find a pure photojournalist.
Are you about to be done with school?
yeah...how u get it

One of the trademarks of a champion is that he can outlast you.
Lou Brock
Not surprising.
Storytelling is difficult and scary, and no one will admit that press releases are largely ineffective.
my belt broke once, i used a shoelace, that broke too, i used a tie and never went back
MY BIRTHDAY'S ON THURSDAY AH.
I'm excited cause I keep thinking about it.
Hahaha.
I know I was just kidding :p
Excited about my iPad but I'm afraid it won't be delivered before the Expressive sale is over :
So proud that when I left Cali and came to Cornell, I stepped out on faith and said I want all the safety nets cut.
xman to the next man,people who cheat end up alone,old and horny in the future
After last Saturday and Tuesday, we'll take optimism in any form.
: I swear im really feelin U right noww yoo .
spoke too soon it's back.
Hooray
Should I tell you that I like you since the first time I saw you??
I'm just kidding'
it's an enjoyable jersey, I'm unique!
haha awww ur cute!!
I might start doing this
He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche
The beauty with the beast
PLANNING A COMMUNION...?
Partners In Sound is currently running a COMMUNION SPECIAL!
FOR MORE INFO CALL 718.967.7347
MegaIIN Anyone from healthcoaches from Miami?
Tweet me!
Yes.
And tempeh meatloaf.
Utopia's a practice.
We connect service providers to Employers and charge a fee for the connection.
We also will be selling add space and classified jobs.
Today's society reward people for standing out.
Unfortunately it's usually a negative action that gets the most attention.
Now tell me this..
Why would OU have Big Event and the Spring Game on the same day??
I want to go to the Spring Game!
whats needed is simple Dave.
We just need to do one thing.
start loving each other that's the real need LOVE for each other.
Oh, kind of broke my noTVforMay rule.
Well, it's been a long day.
And it's Modern Family!
are harry and louis still going to live with each other?:
haha i suck at football
it sucks to watch him lave but don't forget about the 06 playoffs when Adam whineright stuck him out looking but he should help
It was really great to meet you!
I'm so excited for all the Virginia LOVE during Historic Garden Week.
True Blood marathon, what a way to unwind after my cleaning frenzy.
My phone just started playing nsync in the middle of a quiet classroom I can't
i miss him :
ha!
wish it was me they came to see....
Deja Blue, Goodwill's boutique, opens today at 303 University in Cherry Creek.
Are you coming?
Get over here!
hahahaa that's ridiculous!
I mean..
Does he really want it or what!?
have you got a livestream going on?
only one episode?
you have great taste
Today I've done nothing.
Absolutely nothing, and it was everything that I thought it could be.
About to go crazy in this house.
RT How can you live the high life if you do not wear high heels?
Sonia Rykiel
Your breath is the voice of your soul.
Have a great weekend.
Peace and Blessings.
40TB Data a day.
Citizen scientists can save the day.
They have proved it.
Good move guys.
Keep branching out to new markets.
damn i said i wud b the only girl tht dnt lik him but no i do!!
RT : Kids learning to write?
Check out this handwriting worksheet maker://t.co/pnmtopk6  used similar sites...very helpful!
I saw that movie in 6th grade and fell asleep!
haha but now I cry like a baby, so good!
RT : A1.
Being a positive role model for my childoctorn  most def!
Hell of a video.
We are going to be freezing soon
Sweet!
Thanks!
S/o to my new follower !
When there is no food in my house :'
latin quote of the day  Nemo accusator caret culpa; omnes peccavimus.
Not one accuser lacks guilt; we have all done wrong/sinned.
Our conversations, me and her
Tweeting a lot of pics cause I'm bored :
that was the worst thing I've ever seen
Can I see you!?
We can discuss the fact that we both have Maira Kalman backgrounds on our Twitter professorle pages.
Looking forward to working with you!
Wow.
This is Life?
This is Life!
My life.
Thank you God.
Grammy AwardWinning and World Renounded Musicians at LevittLA's Free Summer ...
PR Web
ps next bf: i can practically swallow a grapefruit.
;
single life ...
Superb night for a garden party with ,  friends from Berlin  jetlag remedy: get a little doctornk in perfect co.
You sound pissed.
69Factsaboutme 8.
I love Avenged Sevenfold.
haha yeah tell me about it.
I teach english and year 7,8 and 9 make me feel ancient : dya see anyone from school?
X
based on their newfound physiques they might work out together too
Oh so happy you enjoyed it!!!
My Nye finally went down the steps by hiself : im so proud of him
Does anyone believe that paul Solman of PBS offers balanced journalism?
No wonder PBS can't get public funding.D
Bioresearch monitoring QA for all new health products.
Simple acronym that means a world of product development.
20 is a protest, 50 is a problem, 100s would spell end of fIreland.
haha no, lies!
:P
Gainsville, Texas.
The only place worse than Louisiana.
Dos and Big Papa would have made a dynamite hiphop duo.
finish what you started
Quote of the Day: A smile can start a conversation without saying a word.
eating at cici's with my mom and little brother  turned out to be a good day :
shut up.
it's not that bad.
maybe a 5?
lol.
: You have to give atheists as much respect as u christians want ..
Only way shit can get somewhere exactly
With soccer in the top spot the Top 10 has it
to 11:11 and now to SAYSOMETHIN !You have came so far,I'm so proud of you!3 I love you ; your song is perfection!
3 13
he sitting over here ask 2 many questions damn
me too!
I also save all the nonpalatable produce scraps for stock
Whoever decided that realhousewives should be a show should be slapped and then slapped again.
So proud that Americans have gone to the White House to celebrate with chants of USA, USA and singing of the National Anthem!
Hehe FUNNY!
I'm a cowboy!
Not rodeo clown!
Stereotypes!
HOWS U BRAH and will you follow me?
your twitter has been hacked and is sending malware DMs to people.
You may want to change your pw, check what apps you...
awesome!
Thanks for the tip!
Grants need to include a component for library resources both before and after publication of articles is one suggested solution.
I'm so ready for summer.
:D
Detroit is the center of opportunity!
Russell Martin just perfected a flop at home plate
tiredAF Good Night .
off to doctoramland .
Listened to The BreakUp Single.
Solid.
Maybe could've fit into the doctorve soundtrack?
Eating is not very Chanellike behavior.
Granddaughters homework time
Mail has been really crashy this morning.
Like a halfblind retiree on the way to the store.
Forget hugs.
I'm going to tackle him when I see him.
What u see is what you get and you Aint seen nothing yet!
YES YES YES.
We wanna see it :P
Connie advises to not doctornk raspberry leaf  it's great for nursing moms, but not early in pregnancy.
not doing all at this very moment, but those are our fave things to do at random.
xo
Not really, but still.
Dear German tourist, you asked me for directions, this does not make me liable for your claim that the map has been mislabeled.
I've begun a deep love affair with Google.
So many capabilities, poor Mark Zuckerberg!
That's my new location after running into my ex and his new girlfriend on the sidewalk, ps.
hey mister Robinson, I tried hitting you up on SBR.
Put on your snow suit and stop on out to Linneman's tonight to see a bunch of our friend's play some good ole rock and roll.
it's like we never even knew each other.
yeah, he does talk to this other girl now, but I just try to ignore it because I know
is checking out the new Basecamp
Real doctornk...
Nice weather for an earthquake.
Looking forward to the hurricane this weekend.
Hey topchef this is Top Chef.
Not project runway...
If you think kids cant change the world you havent visited kidsareheroes.org.

can you imagine Steve jobs worrying about defining his personal brand?
You too, Dave!
When are you back in SoCal?
We will be looking for Live Music in the next coming months.
Checking you out and emailing :
It's so real between us
Want a swinger special vacation 4 nights 399 Caliente Resorts
I'm not in knoxville.
sorry!
Did you get the book yet?
This is the kind of weather that lets you know YOU'RE ALIVE!!!!
.....and may soon be dead....
Happy New Year from everyone at EE Times!
Hey, buddy, give me an Adam Ward is hard at work on Thursday afternoon pic.
Let's see it.
I'm going to bed..
screw this paper.
4 pages, I'm done.
alright sounds good
Pitchers and catchers report Feb.
20th.
Go Mets!
All im thinkin is Nerlens Noel, no homo!!
jus imagine what impact he would make.
n thats flattop is nice.
his game is even nicer!!
I really need to just make my own golabki...it's not that hard.
But it's better if a babcia does it.
We'll start with the Committee Choice Award  Congrats to
This crew hates the Cuntbag that was in last night to Lmfao surprise surprise
I've answered two questions so far.
The answers were Mont Blanc and Hope and Glory.
Everyone else is waking up...
I am about to fall into slumber
Alas, can't accept car type requests yet, I'm sorry!
:
I will email you some food for thought!
Steve Blake is sorry
Woke up at 4am to leave my brother at the airport then school.
I need some coffee right about now
Schools out for the summer bitches!
when i die, i want my family to play Automatic by at my funeral 3 
This reminds me of that time when a certain firefighter union boss said CPR had no chance of qualifying.
Let's go Brewers!
lol I turned in on while I'm in the shower so I can sing.
wife has teacher friend in Brighton.
Also thinking you might check w/ mark at echo grove.
He might know someone on lakeville lake
Zimmerman will finally have criminal charges against him.
About time.
TrayvonMartin was just a kid starting to live.
Ha.
U, skipping thru the puddles, wet, wearing a white tshirt  no bra.
A guy can doctoram, can't he?
:P
probably won't have time.
Have a ton of work waiting 4 me.
Innovation must be part of the organizations DNA.
It can't be intermittent
Even if they were flying in, Hill still hasn't given any evidence that that would be a problem!
Ugh.
Woh!
How cool is that 360 panorama of Manhattan?
Love!
and im talkin 2 u on the chat
buggin out to these edits on SoundCloud..need to find these files or, preferably, on vinyl..always loved his mixes too
My Timeline stays live only because I follow !!!
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 4
hey who's the white dude?
Autumn Hill Creative presents How to Market Your Small Business at the Clintonville Chamber on 9/22.
Call 7158234606 to register.
She has 2,000 friends on facebook, and I'm not even one of them!
Lol I hope mot
Throw trash can and stranger's shirt pocket in there and the urinal is actually the fifth best option.
TurnToYou is very heartwarming and emotional...i truly love it...that i'm crying :'
Of course, email us your question and we would be happy to help.
If she don't reach over and lift that button she's a selfish broad and cant be trusted
oh u look ridiculous wheres your suit?
How do you expect someone to pull themselves up by their bootstraps if they have no boots?
Q: What's the earliest you have/would go shopping on Black Friday?
Letting go not accepting anymore calls/text bc I fall back in everytime
You know you wanna follow me ;D
I didn't get into UF : It's really disappointing because I really wanted to get in.
But I won't give up, I'll be trying again in two years.
Short Shorts  A Tank Top Weather :
I'll equate it to politics.
Obama doesn't deserve all the blame, but he also doesn't deserve all the credit.
same ole jus been laid back
The difference between pornography and erotica is lighting.
Gloria Leonard
Thanks, Dave!
i think a lot of UFO nuts are headed to pheniox because of it i know i used to be one than i had to face facts their are no such thing.
A friend recommended that I take my car to Car Crafters.
She said they would repair the car quickly, there wouldnt be any surprises
Lake Wobegon Effect  where all the kids are above average
Fleetwood Mac.
Just right.
Might go out bored :/
I love it, thanks to those who follow me, I hope someday I can follow my twitter :
when we going to the one in plymouth meeting that is like the uber of whole foods for PA.
Lord and Taylor lady gets on my nervous....
No the doctorver will not take you to Lord and Taylor now shut your mouth.
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally.
David Frost
plz follow me!
I 3 you :
.: A true man of letters in the blogosphere.
81 of Jews agree!
RT Samesex couples should be able to get married.President Obama

All those fairytales are full of shit, One more stupid love song I'll be sick.
Canoeing: Florence grabs Olympic spot
I know me too lol text meRT : nothing bored
They're all wonderful players to watch and enjoy their magnificent skils.
Lunch  steak n shake in Paducah.
LY  Just about finished with editing with the Winter Newsletter.
Sent it over to JD.
Oh, this is how you do it
God Night...i had long day today  gotta do it all over tomorrow  Thursday
Why is the market acting like it cant download more than one app at a time
Oh one last thing...
Are going to teenhoot this summer?
hopeful 
shoes fit in those boxes??
Additional FAQ for apufringe application: How long should the production be?
Productions should be 4560 minutes.
Phillies have been the best team in baseball all season.
favorited all the pictures of me and Lmfaooo
Note to self: don't stay out til dang near 3 in the morning after you've already been to work, and you have to be at work at 1.
Welcome to my house party.....
Bercarde......lol
It was VERY sad : he skid then stopped on his FACE!!!!
First injury and he survived lol
Thanks for your presentation at GBS!
You and Rick were great!
Your story was very powerful for me.
My Soul Purpose is clear!

I have lots of memories from that BB/FB/ML show.
One of them was seeing an ex girlfriend  laughing when she flipped me off
really oh wow
I was raped by a woman.
I don't find it ironic at all.
The number of male perps doesn't turn my experience into anything less
Jealous!!
Looks like a beautiful day.
Almost back to being a blonde!
passed the emissions test!
Good morning/Good night texts 
Meeting with the Conrad Hotel today.
Exciting!
FollowFriday Because the arts need your help to survive!
: Tomorrow is teamfitnessthursday so I hope celebrates with me!
you already kno bro
Music provides the subtitles to my life.
RT : Unfortunately a lot of companies see social media strictly as a marketing tool.
of
ahahahahahaha I will slap you silly hoe 
I HATE burning my hair fuckfuckfuck CieraMariexoxo
Working with a company on a new nutrition bar....as if the world needs another nutrition bar or doctornk....but that is what I get paid to do.
Another thrilling game for the Jays, what a tip in!
Bring on OT!
rolljays
National Peanut Butter  Jelly Day love for
you have cold feet
That's pretty sweet Fake Uggla.

kelly want to call associated press radio for interview from New Orleans??
.
thanks
Great meetings today with and ...
Looking forward to working together!
RT : Grand Opening  Saturday Night  May 8th  The Sultan Hookah Lounge  Smoke Shop in St.
Johns at 8221 N.
Lombard call...
:45 of strength training last night, 28 miles on the bike today...
Great week of training so far!
TY new Dad!Hi...oh, Thumball, my kid has one, plays with it every day, literally every day, he's a big ball guy, loves his Thumball
cant help but luv u
The biggest myth is that only overweight or obese people get OSA
l don't now hi
Now I Am Scarred Of D
every time i like a guy the hardly ever like me back yet adults r always saying ur pretty.
wat the hell?
please follow me!
:
THANKS for clarifying who CHARLIE is!
I've been wondering about that!
I'm officially hooked on fresh squeezed lemonade...at the moment I won't doctornk anything else.
Hand squeezed ONLY
Start picking out your outfit!
Saturdays starts in a few hours will all your favorite DJ's bringing the beats.
Doors at 9pm!
aw that sounds like a personal problem lol

Even if I spend the whole day with you, I miss you the second you leave...!
meant kakes not Davis
SNGX might go here...
Instagram: the Guitar Hero of creative photography?
So 'Stand By Me' decided to play on my pandora channel.
Cannot code to that!
Thank you for the RT  welcome.
Enjoy!
RT : welcome to frifotos!
I'll never forget the way everyone in his band looked at him during and immediately after I shall be released at floyd fest.
A procession for a new Sefer Torah is filling the area of the Chords Bridge with happy music!
Ha!
Totally agree.
Making reservations was a freaking mission!
i know its late but i was busy LOVE YOU HAPPY BIRTHDAY
I'm doing homework!
:p
I'm down : Maybe i'll just stay and not come back
Thanks for your support!!
D'awww thanks3 blush :' BUT YOU GUYS ARE ALL SO FRIGGIN BEAUTIFUL!!!
My circle of success: We roll deeper than Chilean miners.
Haven't tweeted in so long.
BACK, I'm BACK.
After watching Lion King on repeat at work, I've decided I would be okay with James Earl Jones narrating my life.
Thanks to RR Art Galleries for sponsoring our 5th annual Cuts4aCause!
Good Morning World!!
Currently at 11:28am in Atlanta, GA it is 78 degrees.
High: 88 Low: 66
Day 4 in Portland.
I feel the urge to buy a bike and get a tattoo.
Throwbacks game planning.
Apparently only ugly people read.
Thanks for joining us, !
cc:
: Thanks for spreading the word about the SHARE CFP!
Hm...
iron, straightener AND hot glue gun all left on for the four hours I was at work.
Tenant.
Of.
The.
Year.
Boy Freshman's in John Hope just rocked it.
High Pick  Roll defense.
I've seen this before.
Smh
that they do
Sweet!
RT : We should have our tracks by the end of this month.
Can't wait to finally show everyone.
man fuck u
I always been dere..n I always will..ACVT721 removed da fog from my path..my future wit u..always gonna last..it wouldn't feel right to ...
rereading the concept of America in Deleuze's thoughts on Bartleby through the diasporic use of sound
We've written extensively on surviving the downturn...is your company feeling the recovery?
u got a son thts Whts up: me I'm in school getting my BA in hospitality management living my life
no problem.
I knew keeping the key in there would come in handy some day..
headed to the KEG!
I wonder what the passport for internet citizens looks like.
I'm guessing the seal has nyancat on it.
Hey these fish scales aren't matching.
Wack!!!
Once you hate someone, everything they do is offensive.
Look at her, eating those fucking crackers like she owns the place!
My number 1 regret was moving to Poca i wish i could go back and change that decision
No I mean like actual hand.
Wrist is acceptable.
Dinner  doctornks: YES please.
WLCTwitterFollows from the WLC literary community!
Great to connect
I believe lebron will win 14 MVP but 0 championships damn that sucks
LSU tonight might be the worst offense of any BCS game ever
YES!!!
Goooaaaaalllll USA!!!!
Derek Bieber ;D
I need an assistant
So I'm guessing she's never going to follow back then?
Looks like we're playing WKU!
And again, the studio reminds me...the best takes come when you're not overthinking it.
How about an impression of his statue?
Come on Mavericks let's get this
Better dead than fucked up, which is the usual case for me.
I need a break.
Looking for Royals bloggers for new sister site.
Send a message to if you're interested!
I still want to know
Favorite90sSong Nirvana: Smells Like Teen Spirit :D
Happy MayDay!
Have you ever tried edible flowers to decorate a dish?
You can buy edible flowers at grocery store chains.
Fancy!
thank u..
yeah ..
followed 3
My two best guy friends called me fat, bighipped and a liar today.
I don't understand.
awesome I will be at the castro from 104 this friday!
can wait to meet
I'm still trying to figure out tweetdeck and determining whether I like it or not.
Is anyone else using a twitter app they like?
Glad to see you back on Twitter!
Hope u and Rowie are well.
:
Rob Carrick's Reader: Money can't buy happiness?
Wrong  Globe and Mail
IfOnly you was here
Meeting and photographing glee cast!
Yall know who ;
My thoughts and prayers are with you through this difficult time.
Ah my dog is hyper!
He scares me sometimes lol
Working on a Sunday, no days off!!!!!!!!
Do we really live like our hearts have changed?
Which childhood movies that you loved do you still love as an adult?
Mine are The Last Unicorn, Little Mermaid,  Disney's Robin Hood.
It feels hella good to be back where I want to be.
I love fashion and hip hop too.
You should be my stylist hah
you thought I was mad ?
Lol
I decided I was going to stop being forgetful, but I can't remember why.
The two men on either side of me at the bar are reading books.
I was unaware people actually did this at bars.
If you're ever in Ann Arbor and walk by Chinese restaurant Middle Kingdom, do me a favor and kindly give it your Middle Finger
I'm going to try to fall bck asleep b4 my dang alarm goes off
macbook, that is
It's Artist Raffle Time!
Our charity of choice for OPENING DAY, SATURDAY, MAY 12th is: THE LEUKEMIA  LYMPHOMA SOCIETY'S TEAM IN TRAINING
Something burning
Gonna miss Hines ward
Ah my birthdays tomorrow!!!
x3
: He smiles then looks away, I wonder if maybe that smile meant something he couldn't say.
Was listening to It Will Rain by Bruno Mars and thinking how much more I like 's version :
yes, but everyday is International Dark chocolate day for me :
Google Black female under the Images link  nothing but Black puppies will pop up..Thats fuxd up.
Rappers AND Google calls us BITCHES!.
doctorg addiction is one of those Amer chimaeras that no one wants to discuss.
doctorgs are part of U.S.
violent hist.
A2.
These studentathletes are leaving before the end of the semester...more like threequartersanddone.
I've missed you Twitter.
oh wait.
Is this white fang we are talking about??
You should hit up the midwest :
WhenIWasLittle i remember playin yonoid a video game for the old nintendo system with the family way before the whole family broken embrace
Jus tryn to hurry nd do what I gotta do!
You still have three days to apply for a STAR Award.
www.astdoctorc.org
doctornks after?
lol
need to schedule a meeting to discuss why we're spending all our time in meetings
thanks boo
Aw thank you.
I love you guys, too 
Just finished our first Mardi Gras service.
Thanks for coming in  enjoying some crawfish boil  lobster etoufee!
Honestly, there were as many laughs as there were in Airplane!
Director of Compliance to be responsible for providing comprehensive regulatory compliance services to the financial services industry.
Dut
Even tho it's cold season, we got tons of Tank Tops, Board Shorts and Sandals thanks to RVCA!!!!!!
That's my nigga though
and me waiting on u to get to MAI it ain't raining nomore bring yo azz on!
thank you for the follow back!
just chillin man right now, would be lovely if I can get that 640 million !!
Justin is being deployed I think this weekend..
I don't understand what you think an unsigned editorial is other than...
the paper's view.
yo momma so ugly she went to a haunted house and came out with a job application.....
did he demonstrate he improved with practice?
Follow We FollowB
uh Oh dats a big choice my man
exactly what i did 10th grade :
Something very wrong with HermanCain  a world where he is still a PresidentialCandidate tho the media won't say it.
Scary
GO BLUE
Jude the Poor Communicator
: at least we had Dallas but I so wanna got the tour!
ahhaha awesome!
:and listening to my other bf's musiic.
justin bieber hahah .
do u like justin bieber!?
:
Happy birthday to the man who started it all!!!!!!!!!
R.I.P.
Whitney Houston
Got it?
Soccer orgy for this weekend has been cancelled.
So bummed!
Now I will have to work.
Olivia and I can scratch ATLANTIS off of our bucket list.
: Our family vacation has been booked!
Show us your costume!
Post a picture of your awesome Halloween attire on our wall!
So glad to hear it!
Thanks for sharing.
Is it okay to share this with our consult staff?
Hope all is well.
If I was ur toyfriend hahahahahaha!!
I laughed so hard at this vid I bet that old guy is a belieber!!
Haha
damn dogs always causing doctorma.
Next time just get him an orange collar ;
Any business that want to get advertised for a great price in Miss Maryland program contact me at please help, thanks!
come visit me, Cori, and Clea later.
:
there are times I really don't know what to do with myself...
9 killed in Cairo clashes outside Defense Ministry  Newsday
we're writing new musique and will be featured in a documentary about okc bands this next week...
you know good music!
You lucky bastard!!!
Go Giants!!
RT INDY!!!!!!
Got bad bitches, they ratchet
Where will you be Saturday?
Being crazy and looking for specific people in LA traffic.
Agree with you 100.
Rose had no business being on the floor.
great to see happy fighting for peace!
let's keep on!
River Valley results excite mining company
That's what she said.
RT It's a hand crank though.
if you like Justin bieber you should check out !
definitely a cutie!; and he's a sweetheart too!:3
I'm really a nice person
ever get turned on from juss reading something sexual
That feelings when u wanna rewind time to that special part.
All American Rejects show
I love it, but having to explain satire to doctorary literalist dolts is a joyless task
fix your fantasy lineup!
Giving blacked out speeches eh?
Sounds like
doctoramt my cousin last night...had a conversation with him, he was smiling and laughing telling me I'm fine, I'm fine...don't worry!
maybe you should?
:D
THEN it comes down to who runs for Assemblyman Hanna's current seat  that is yet to be determined.
Austin doctorvers never fail to impress.
does software AG not let you do that?
Do you think companies should give each employee  to invest in tools the deem approriate
onlyinwa is it against the law to hold your cell phones to your ear while you doctorve, but you can find police officers doing it
btw forgot to mention that I 3 the captainons!!!
:
that makes me smile, you truly are a great person and love to watch you race.
Thank u thank u thank u
congrats on an awesome win.
Second best night on TV...
tosh.0 get with it, foo
Watch Out For Thaa Snakes , A Niqqa I Was Cool Wit Found Out He Was A Fakee .
how'd u get past security?
betw u and cheryl and mlydy, there's a fiesta in the making!
im on spring breaaaakk.;
I hate it when color commentators try to make the game more about themselves than the players.
thx v much.
which story did you get from me?
Couldn't find it.
Thx
I cant be you, i cant be him, im only what you see/The only Changes i can make is to be a better me.
tomorrow is our one year anniversary
follow.me on Twitter , God bless!
:
Ahaha Do you like laundoctor detergent ??
Actually, I Hey.
You don't have to raise ya voice.
thanks for coming to my Social Media Marketing presentation last night.
Hope you got some great takeaways.
Learning how to edit today.
I'm long overdue.
have to stay the cultural maven I am.
Related, I'm about roughly 16 coffees deep
thank you : I'll hyu Saturday and ask who you have it to so I can find them in school lol.
But how you been ?
Irony  Warren Jeffs representing himself AND missing the deadlines for his appeals.
email me ur info to so we can get this ball rolling!
Thankful for the internet!
How amazing this year has been!
I gotta keep it G  tell ya I love you cause i'm for REAL.
We've been doin this shit for years!
If this guy approaches me, I'm going tap into my RiRi side.
Who knows where that might get me.
what happen last night?
Second geek meeting this week.
Tonight it's Hadoop and cloud computing.
who said J Edgar Hoover was dead
Cute dog I have a golden.
Now why would I be lying!?
lol
Yea.
Probably not gonna tweet for a while.
So say your last stuffs now.
Love the 'doctornk On You' video w/ WKU footage.
Great story!
rt for a shout out
Don't miss GUESTLIST!!
You can make it!!!
We know you can!!
:D
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 7
Would love to hear from any locals in the greater Seattle area where would they most like to see our intergenerational community??
Great presentation by Anne L.
Curley at SMPS Indiana yesterday on clientcentric branding.
Thanks Anne!
I wish that one AMAZINGLY hot, insanely nice guy would come around......
Sweet!
Bon Iver wins best new artist  well deserved!
nice shout out to Wisco
Tonight is the final opening for the spring season!
MFA exhibition Mixed Feelings opens tonight at 6 pm!
Come doctornk, eat and be merry!
Perfect award for twitter!
The only science writing award that celebrates writing short!
Hailey Anne's resting now after eating Amerigo's.
Thanks Boday and Papa.
Yes Sir!
It's Friday 
Saw the new Mission: Impossible last night with  I'm still not sure who was more gorgeous  Paula Patton or
So much for a peaceful butter burger.
Party with 20 kids just invaded Culver's!
Can't sleep?
Xanax!
Team full of top notch A1 females avaiable for Private Parties, Events, Club Promotions, Videos, Birthday Parties.Hit Us Up for BOOKING.
While you make the choices; God makes the changes.
Thanks for the shout out, David.
Vic, you did great on the Ellen show!
: So proud of you  u are amazing!
wish i could meet u someday,
Good night everybody :
dontdoublemyrates Keep student loan rates low
Uh fuck it I don't wanna go to court
Thought I would share a few photos with you all tonight!
Have a wonderful evening!
Think big, start small, move fast.
Not sure who started this quote.
If you spend your life regretting things in the past, before you know it you will have wasted your life on regret.
BigEast.
getting ready for some greats games starting this Tuesday.
Chief Wray says last year violent crime was down in the city.
Looking for a Project Manager to oversee a records management contract for a federal agency in San Francisco!
Email me at katie.cyboron
Who's betting the derby today?
Picks?
look for peepcode play by play videos
that's pretty awesome!
Maybe I can get to follow you and !
OH MY GOD!!
: I'm telling you, you and I are going to be the only two people out there.
In SouthDetroit its always sold out
On the air today I'll spin another good guitar band 
Interviews this morning with and then Wood  Steel!
feel better after be sick for 4 days
Knowing when 2 let things go is so important why dwell on something that won't happen just make sure that what u do makes u happy
When first I saw you, I fell in love.
You smiled because you knew  Hamlet
Is no one using the innotechbeta hash tag for , for some reason I'm not getting any search results.
Just me?
my life is just one big sigh
I want Some like that Bunnie Clide Love.
Dat adoctornaline love Rush, Type shyt Passion SpicyLove// and just see the world.
dvrtweets RT: talk about gettin' what you deserve.
hopefully that is just the beginning of your pain coltonyou piece of garbage
Wish I could like tweets
wants to thank whomever knocked the front license plate off my car and left it on the hood.
classy.
or maybe just a pint that might be easier.
no equipment to carry
Last class of my MBA career this Thursday.
professorssor told us the topic would be ethics in finance.
I'm already confused.
um no this isn't Jessica its Jesse Jessica quick use your man voice hi dylan jesicca I said man voice
has too much lead on her foot.
This doctornk guy behind us lol
so any Divas online
what does rick mean when he said that they were all infected?are they eventually going to turn without getting bit?
I'm leaving!
DM me your number so we can text!!!
Love you!
I know we've put so much of our time and energy into it.
And lots of heart.
Love this project and Tess Cooper more than anyone will know.
alot of trade rumors with your name in it!!!!
No!
Ah ok, I was going to say that would be weird since he took my sis to Homecoming once, hehe.
Have a good night!
Lol.
Can only hope the couple did continue IRL.
Full support.
Too adorable.
Yes, jelly of her too.
follow me my new twitter : miss u!!!
aww thanks!
It's all you!
RT: wowzer received my artstar art in the post looks amazing instagr.am/p/NO7ro/
SharePoint 2010 is much easier to use than previous versions.
Is any sports fan in New York City NOT excited by Jeremy Lin?
I haven't followed the Knicks for years, but am now.
no...no...no!
Just by chance.
RT : Twitter Ticket Tuesday, ReTweet for a chance to win 2 free DIF tickets.
Ends at 4pm today.
Yeah.
: It's awesome practice.
I'm shy, so it helped get me out of my shell a little.
Ah yes, urticant, A substance that causes itching or stinging.
Former IMF Economist on JOBS Act: a Colossal Mistake via
There is available space next to Vino 100.
I'm thinking we call it qualey or Einpet?!?
The new OSU Libraries Director, Carol Diedoctorchs started today!
Let's welcome her back to OSU!
hehehe gave me quite a laugh!
; life on murs making me so excited to see you in april next year!
olly 3
Keep your neighborhood businesses in mind when you're making your holiday shopping lists!
Is mentally preparing for open water swimming by watching a marathon of River Monsters Animal Planet.
Garden State is on!
looking out for the scene featuring my celeb friend
no problem!
I called and confirmed, I guess we shoulda thought of that before we planned this!
haha
Master Plan Meeting Fairmount  Westside: Martin Luther King School 108 S.9th Street, Newark, NJ May 17, Join us
Hope to again
Can't wait.
looks like we got canned...no longer on the dc list.
Wow what a great looking crowd!!
Club 212 : always anazing
I can't get married, I'm a thirty year old boy.
Roots Cellar is closed tonight for a private party
Support Stephen S Wise Holiday Boutique!
Oct.
23rd 105pm.
Adult and kid's clothes jewelry handbags  more.
Proceeds benefit SSWT schools!
And the winner is...
!
You've won 2 tickets to tomorrow night's Rascal Flatts concert at Cricket  thanks for following us!
DIETribes Darn!
Once again I can't make it.
Somebody has to hold down the fort.
I guess will just owe me.
Oh, boy.
Did I have a good chuckle over that one.
A perfect illustration of my beef with Klout.
I randomly follow people talking about hashtags I'm into.
We probably both like MassEffect3, long walks on the beach, etc
over Europe..
Weird to think about.
thanks for the RT :
Sky Mall Kitties, on the other hand, are the BEST.
That really sucks when that happens Wish people could feel the worried vibe!
and Heather Schaefer made it to Colorado Springs, CO last night!!
On to Alburquerque, NM before we stroll into AZ.
sowwwy 3 ill send u pictures of my grandma in nike flip flops and nike socks :
in our Goldilocks of a night, the burden of proof is on you.
Finna Call And Put Ha Up On The Scoop!
Get your UT game party food from The Goat.
We have great food at great prices!
hey Heda Rose and I came to make noise and we r!nothing beats GOD's favor!!
Very happy Ryan Braun was found innocent.
50 games without him would have been awful.
To be fair, unclear at this point whether Birdman was involved so I'll withhold judgement but if he is...
aha k thanks baby girl; come round like er 2ish?
ahh they are so cute girl!!
let's work on making this a reality
Fantasizing about being in Lawrence, KS right now.
Hopefully I'll end up there tomisterow night.
Chances are I will.
Yep, bigger issues...
Who's still up?
What a show.
I took a bunch of photos and vids I'll post them later.
I love all of my followers, thank you!
of course!
Looks like a great exhibit.
Sunday at the Met is a program series that gives people a way in to those exhibits and start educator/curator dialogue.
Loh
hi, there, I need help.
How can I just pull out data from only those completed surveys?
set up a filter?
how?
Thanks!
My kids have discovered the Brady Bunch.
The one about Bobby and Jesse James is in now.
Everything has its beauty but not everyone sees it.
Why is catching spiders for ?!
Evil 
Creative genius for collabo w Warrior photog for creating a new art classic!
102111
I'm just next door :D
some things Trent Dildo has said in the past makes me think he is smokin somethin besides blunt
I miss you!
Put THAT on your todo list: Remember to miss my SDSU family.
Balancing the sway between production details and the big idea; kind of like yoga.
girlbyenotwiththem nails that's crying for a fillin
Field trip tuesday, left school early yesterday, no school for me today,  field trip tomorrow, wished every week was like this one!
listening to music off my itunes
first iteration: used coldfusion to append a URL prefix before the actual URL to log stats and redirect user
The Bartenders at The Place bury the NJ Devils in booze the last 2 nights and it pays off in a BIG Bruins 41 win...
you really should.
The kids in that show are endless sinks of quotes and joy.
that also happens on Facebook lol
I come alive n da night time
After further review, Paul Pierce is still my most hated player in the NBA.
Carlos Contreras aka rackin' up a big bravo for creative work in the community tonight
Choose To Be Thankful!
http:/bit.ly/uG1555 excellent advice by
I love Austin and Alex 3 RT if you do too:
Join , record a video on your cell phone one part of your weekly routine!
bit.ly/u6RHyv Help us define who DC is!
Oh yes...quite fond of the chasing scene.
no!
Too scary lol
tht's what I mean.
Spread the word, friends!
I'm still looking for rock musician/actors for my upcoming first production of ROCK BOTTOM in DC.
I sometimes wonder, does anyone read NeuroQuantology and take it seriously?
When will NQ and Neuron or Neuroscience overlap, if ever?
Watch out for Gap's credit card, they lie, cheat, and steal more than liars, cheaters, and stealers
Over guys
If Boehner doesn't start clapping in support of education, I saw we just deport HIM
Me neither.
I'm counting the days before I can go again.
It's like a doctorg.
follow me
I hate being stuck in an office on such a beautiful day like today
Party at The Belmont!
Dj RSM spinning your favorite tracks!
Rupp welcome is awesome.
These UK players are GODS!

thanks for the follow!
how bad was Heidi touched to become a crazy dog lady
If anyone would like to read first three pages of unedited Last Night Express issue1 let us know would love feed back on early project stage
happy birthday mate!
you dont look a day over 20
Teachers matter.
President Obama
It's part of the Swag ;
Heard actors praise you yesterday :
The past 2 nights Song1 has been my last stop before turning in.
Having some Doug Aitken withdoctorw tonight.
RT : becauseofobama, Solyndoctor's a household name, and Brian Terry should be.
i hate all of my pics haha
We should all go on a weekend getaway!!
Math is boring ..
Had moment pdx/altrntive/schl/opn/houseThey hv singing sewing circus.
Man nearby laughssaysI gave up clowning years ago!
Ok, enough of my venting.
Now for something we can all enjoy...tomorrow  hump day!
:D
We would have written your teacher a kind letter explaining a late paper.
To keep the content fresh on your blog, invite others to write guest posts.
Too funny!
RT : Thinking back to 2000 NFL doctorft when Mike was doctorft eligible...we're laughing how we didn't own cell phones then
they lost????
If you don't find hispanic boys attractive then GTFO my page haha.
I'm pretty sure I am not :
Enjoying the beautiful crisp light before today's wedding at The It's an amazing day in NYC!
..likes to keep a low and simple professorle, but I have to ask..why are you ran so relentlessly?
Is it your own personal work habit or
Nice to meet you this weekend.
Lots of luck on your book!
Here's to the Mexican holiday that, for some reason, Americans feel the need to celebrate.
Cheers!
got a bug in there while I was ridin 4 wheelers
Ah..
Good topic HT/RT : I'm one who wanted to do 'metaphors' tonight.
Thanks for indulging me...
Have a good week!
what's yours is mine and what's mine is yours, remember 
Compatible printer cartridges, inkjet, ink cartridges, printer inks for Canon, Brother, HP amp;amp; Epson
I'm so excited for summer annddd I CAN'T WAIT TO GET THAT STUFF.
Hopefully my mom will order it for me Sunday :D
Sam Adams3
Where did she go?
Pops?
Aristons?RT : RT : Woman from Suburban Chicago Dies After Hot Beef Fat Injection
huh.
I'll have to see if they have it on Netflix after I finish season 7
Your other bro Kidd is on line 1 RT : Just talked to my big bro praying that he makes a full and speedy recovery!
And the award for Most Creative Headline goes to AOL.COM!
Anthony Weiner: 'I Am Resigning' 
i already have my jersey tshirt on...
welcome my pretty!
I was 2 secs away from a response.
Glad you figured it out.
Hey, Sean, are you getting paid by these news agencies for your quarantine pics?!
Double down!
At the dermatologist,what a joy...
Hah!
Your name came up as someone I might want to follow.
Of course I will.
See you tomorrow night.
here is our email addoctorss.
that is highly unlikely : Disneyland is the happiest place on earth 
thanks for stealing my thunder on the mountain passes!
Just kidding!
Sabermetrics work.
It's about time the Astros got on board.
This is the missing piece.
My phone would have been exhausted tonite if I were able to take pics.
Great game sportingkc I'm officially a huge fan!!
The pretzel vendor was surrounded by bitterness.
How long is a girl a child?
She is a child, and then one morning you wake up she's a woman.
I doubt it would save the tax payer anything.
They'd just raise prices
Deliver information at the lesson level the primary level of interest to the student
Please disregard all IU Alumni tweets for now.
I'm attempting to track down where they are coming from.
my money's on Kim and Khloe take K Street
Yes, Thank you Ryan!
What have you been up to?
Whos girl n r corp video about virtual staging?
Kari Hawker, actress/director c her on Lifetime movie Christmas Angel Wed eve  8pm!
At the end of the day, I'm against linking our system of social benefits to the institution of marriage.
Most of the ones I know are library and records related but try Trak, LAC Group, InfoCurrent, AIM USA.
Had good luck with Trak
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
Napoleon Hill
Today the only place in the city to get our amazing gyros is at Direct Supply, so come down and grab one of our 4 treats for lunch today!!
Shaking those martinis is a real upper body workout for those servers.
What's that lumina song?
there are no bathrooms where I am...side of the road will have to do, haha.
yep with my mom.
that'll work XD.
the day we get out of school imma get my purple streaks.
Yeah, am getting into them some.
Been listening to Riot!
for a while now.
About to try the current album.
Great advice from during wcmf11 class: You have to Google your own education.
My will is not mine until God makes it His!!!!
Good questions and honest thinking is worth it every time.
Madea's Big Happy Family!
This movie is the shit:D
Um...
of course?
For Yankees info, follow
I'm so lost and confused right now...
Needing some help..
: Smile and breatheI am lol that's all u can do ,  just breath 
huge annual event.
In Irving this year.
Tons of people, food, beer, vendors.
Perfect marraige for you two.
we need to discuss partnership soon!
lame.
Thursday!
Or Friday.
Or Saturday
I've done that too came to a dead stop on the highway, thinking what am I doing again??
Hhaa
I wish you Wisdom to choose priorities for those things that really matter in life.
It is only as we develop others that we permanently succeed.
Harvey S.
Firestone
Congrats, Jake.
RT : getting his ass kicked by a teen hockey goon in Best Amer.
Sports Writing deadspin.com/5833310
Tulowitzki leads off the 5th with a single to right center.
: your bout to lose your bff card smh YEAH OKAY!
100,000?
Un ego.
: I have 29  have to rely on to retweet anything that's important to me!
Nice doctorve
RT : What was Westbrook doing though?
He left Blake wide open!
Russ West knew Blake wasn't clutch, wouldn't risk a 3shot foul
Yay!!!
finally class for me....whoa
Biron...it was what done all his career  hes going to continue to do that unless somebody just gets him either w/ a suspension..
Just picked up Superbowl groceries.
Yes, there will be chips and/or dip.
oye hit me with your cell through a mesage
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I don't want ya money
Facebook, Twitter Launch Mideast Revolution, for more info visit www.tncnews.com click on Video News
Awesome.
Thanks for tweeting it.
Congrats for winning heat 1!!
Thx for the RT!
We're now at 157 followers and counting!
who was that?!
So sad.., sending love.
Correction to my last tweet, apparently it's not opening night of The City Club.
But all the actors were very talented, fun to see.
riiightt, I would of told her to stfu.
Dead ass.
She think people are listening and shit.
.
Life is too dear, do not ruin it.
Never in my life I've seen a well coach team discipline enough to shift 4 time to 4 diff formation
Haven't yet seen it but everyone...and I mean everyone I talk to who has seen it loved it.
Go see it and let me know.
It's Friday.
That's the reason.
Anyone want to create a movement to push school boards to adopt the standards Jamie Oliver has developed?
RT : Going to the hometown to check out the See you there ppl
Did you really?
I'm sorry but I missed it!!
Oh well I tried :
Plus Greece;
Listening to an acoustic guitar cover of Ace of Base's The Sign.
Pandora, you are swell.
That's all I really wanna do, is fall in love with you.
Broken headphones need new ones!
i think that's all i have in me about yarn for now, since the installation will be a work in progress throughout ArtWalk weekend....
Convoluting the Matrix, brb
The US OPEN Racquetball Championships held Oct.
59 at Life Time Fitness Target Center.
Be great to get local coverage.
:
what was the biggest amount the brewers have ever lost by?
you gotta be a junior to go to prom i think lol.
New novels by mystery writers Donna Leon and Val McDermid have strong social injustice undertone
thanks!!
I wanna meet you too!!
:D
Thinking about practicing my bow and arrow skills tonight in anticipation for the hungergames!

need to just team up on me, any other way I'm crushing all competition
Lmao: RT : Oh called you a bitch RT : thanks for not taking ur doctornk in my car lol!:
IGNITIONWest peeps: check out our Juice Bar today, complete with charging station to juice up your phones :
I wish I could forget every fucking thing about you.
True Blood 3
Lovely meeting you too!
: RT : Hi it was nice meeting u at the guambeautypopup event !
Ha!
Well I'm not CEO but things are good!
I'm having fun.
First Thursday at Blitz in the pearl is going to be awesome.
great art, Exit skate demo, good food  lots of beer.
Come check out our booth!
even w a decade news media exp I had not given it much thought.
thx for pointing out the difference
FF to some of our newest followers!
Thanks for your support!
thx.
silly, mostly.
but fun.
The captainin had only topick his men
a lovely run of good luck...and i actually caught my flight.
next stop: nashville!
; surprisingly, mines clean!
I don't feel good x
Ha!
I love it
Have a Safe  Happy Thanksgiving!
Sipping some sinus sleepy time tea.
Snuggling w the kitty whose probably making me sick.
The rumors are true!
I will be guest tweeting for on Tuesday.
I have 1.75 hours to find out what this means...
ik u wudnt do tht to me lol.
n wow i started cryin too when i seen paul cryin
what do you promote?
okay bye /3
Sorry about that last tweet I actually love Kells.....hahaha
TOMORROW we'll be at BONESHAKERS for the LAUNCH Party!
We'll be video streaming LIVE as usual!
Mark your calendars!
:
Deshawn Stevenson has that million dollar move with the ten cent shot
I have just promised Angie that if we don't take her to get a new phone today, I will commit Seppuku.
Can't wait to spend some QT with my love this weekend!
Number 4 color blue :
Just one email.
Hm.
Fondon issues a pair of walks in the 2nd and a sac moves the runners over
My sister can have 3's but I have to have all 1's
I'm not even lying I do the exact same Shit lol
I certainly will when I visit you guys next Friday
Happy birthday to my favorite nugget !!
Wow, that's awesome!
Enjoy Firenze.
Wish we were there right now too.
thats whats up.
Ill come down there one day.
Ill text you, i think i have still your number.
Can i say or do something without getting judged?
No.
This is my life, i dont want any comments about my own decisions.
my harddoctorve is an example of terrible curation :
Dnt tlk shit if you cant bag it up
of course!
Someone needs to get to sing to playing guitar.
Awesome job by of spreading rumors of a Rose injury.
Great journalism.
24 hours from now, we find out if and will be Cats
Some my take the passenger seat in life, but I belong behind the wheel!!
About to go hunt some birds with haha

your website/blog is such an amazing resource.
It's one of the best ways I know of to stay current in the field.
Thanks Tony!
Foucault messes up my brain.
Someone needs to teach the refs how to turn their mics off : 
You've got me thinking about ROA, and that 5M app dev impact threshold.
Interested in hosting an exchange student short or long term?
Send us a direct message!
damn 4real mane shit what u gone do
Attention Pregnant Ladies: Please do not post every 10 minutes how far you are in labor.
It's truly disgusting and gross in every way.
Mama Gump was right.
Life really is like a box of chocolates, you never know what you are going to get.
: I miss you guys  we miss you too!
You mean pork fee.
RT If you do that you may have to pay the BYOB cork fee.
People cant change the truth but the truth can change people
wonderful and you?
's Marielena Hincapie tells womentogether: diverse coalitions have blocked anti immigrant laws in
Our ad in next Texas Music Magazine has 1000 CDs in digipaks  40 tshirts for 1390!
or 1000 CDs in full color sleeves for 790!
Hit us.
not really feeling getting on my feet and making some noise guys, you're up 32 going into the 4th
Thank you for applying!!
Please spread the word!!
Nominate others!!
Omg is playing Prisencolinensinainciusol
True!
I don't want you to sleep with my girlfriend lmao xD
fantastic!
Which location?
Thanks to our friend Cythia!
last week she donated 100!!!
That makes her a Brother BroPatter!!!
Another night IN
The division is ours for the taking!
Let's go SHARKS!
your face.

I'm a fan of this
Yes!
I love it!!
This goes to all the spoiled childoctorn out there.
alright for sure ;
FYI peeps...
Roasted Chicken last night  Chicken Soup today!!
Stock is on now
Thanks for the kind words though I don't know how useful the HITS were!
: I miss all of you :.
Today a library in England will be dedicated to my husband, a very very good man.
The Rigg Library.
wow!
It's Friday.
We so excited.
This summer I'm balling out
ME TOO ME TOO ME TOO
so did you like it?:
Check out the new Legends Golf  Country Club by Lennar FAN page!
Show us how much you LIKE the community by clicking the LIKE button!!
Damnit...
I had a costume ready for this, and then realized your party is Saturday not Friday.
I'm out of town Saturday.
Sorry!
its a fact tht i automatically do it!!
iono why but it jus happens
who keeps the dog/cat after the divorce.
Because if you announce it on Twitter, we'll hold you to it, right?
trying to get legit with our social bookmarking icons.
To use service icons do you have to have written agreements with each?
You may be too fat if you protest a restaurant for cutting you off from an all you eat fish dinner.
Q1: How do I know if I need full service, a designer or developer for Wordpress?
Motion with your finger for a girl to come over.
When she gets there say, /I knew if I fingered you long enough you would cum./
its all good
because the odds are ever in there favor ;
Oh it is!
: WIP's Sunday party seems to be getting stronger.
A bunch of notable names showed up last night for 's performance.
l love ur videos!
i watch them all the time  it would be amazing if u would follow me.
it would actually make my YEAR!!!!!
3
Ah Mother's Day, here we are again.
Mind if I sit this one out?
Update on Lopez?
Wow thanks alot!
doctornking Adobe fizzy water.
Good thing I don't need the tool.
I love u back3
Some students of Santana High School hit by car on way to school.
Minor injuries reported.
Thanks, God.
One last beautiful sunrise.
: See you later tonight for dinner!
Grilled pork chops with cherry chutney...yum.
We move to another physical location.
6107 S.E.
15 street Midwst City, OK.
Smaller, but just as powerful.
i love breakfast time what you gunna eat at
Getting on our teamfollowback status we love our fans follow us we will follow back!!!!
still sick dont know what going on sore throut havent been doctornk for 2 days already and i only eating 1 a day im loseing my life already:
I'm jus depressed I cant ever dance again :/ my doctorams r ruined
Had a bunch of fun at the Northshore Christian Church Black  White gala again this year!
Lotsa dancing and good food.
would that get me in trouble?
hello u can do it just don't give up
Its all good...
Be Happy!!!
Am I the only person who finds the Las Vegas Code childish, annoying and vaguely offensive?
Also I'm glad your husband's okay!
My boyfriend does that to me all the time.
Congratulations!
That's fantastic!!
Love those blues and Tricolors!!
I don't play competitively.
I'm more of a spectator.
I find it fun to watch people play.
:
can't believe i'm still awake!
RT : Everimpressed by the quiet devotion, smarts,  goodwill of the Emory Library staff who are building  supporting
Haha you could make me happy by tweeting me, following me, RT me, or DMing me ;D lol
: S/O to my bro  S/O to Fidel : Love ya bortha, you always bring
eek!
I've had bad experiences with Starbucks lately..I've switched to Dunkin for the time being.
Can't beat 36 Happy Hour!
When I grow up, I want to be as popular as you,
got a tape
askbieber when do u think ur gonna tour in the US?
congrats sir!
Playing doctorw Something with
Justed invested in united online,inc.
Riskest investment i've made yet.
no.
i HATE those days!!
just know you are more than halfway there then u can put on ur sweats and relax :
So a squirrel just jumped up on our screen door.
Obviously wanted to watch some Star Wars.
Dadoctormember its a church, make sure you wear lots of layers so you dont strip completely naked like most of your shows
The state of WI is not done with winter.
Tue afternoon through Wed afternoon 610 inches in the northwest, while 36 inches in the northeast
I don't know why I can tweet and receive msgs but not send email.
Sorry for not responding sooner!
My sister just told me about these bumper stickersoutrageous!!
mozartsbirthday  Requiem In D Minor K.
626
As long as the wheels are still going round and round you're fine...
she's pretty awesome, you should have the tambourine under your foot like she does!
One class was literally about breathing.
hey lady.
Congrats on your show.
I remember what it is like to share the stage with you.
You always rock.
Come to New York..
Awesome presentation by at sdsms !
When do you come back?!
North Carolina, on the wrong side of history since 1861.
Letterman
whispering hey guess what?
You get to see me tomorrow night!
Boppas gonna be thick in Beamers tonight cuz gonna be in the house!
onlyinthehood would you find a doctornk old man singing life's so short, i don't wanna go to court while falling over
It was pretty great!
I'll probably be coming to Tucson more often now, next time I'll say hi if I think it's you!
Y'all be worried about the wrong shit..
Baltimore....don't be scared of the weather.
Embrace it and come join us for a beer.
1 blue moons at midnight for 15mins.
Hey Zipsters!
Just 8 more days to refer a friend  receive 80 doctorving credit to share: ow.ly/8DvpP
Jacque Jones.
: Worse arm: Juan Pierre or Johnny Damon?
Just when I thot was gonna grind it out tonight he suggest we get a room...
Guess the young gun has to take over and get us home!
About to head into news conference about a food stamp fraud investigation
So glad we could help!
Keep up the awesome work!
oh dear.
I hate being told the same shit over and over again
In Fort Wayne at the Grandparents' house.
Getting ready to hook 15 more people on IndyCar racing.
dam a born ass day at auntie's BBQ hope to have fun today.
I hate it here
Feeling positively Parisian sitting at a sidewalk cafe.
But I am getting really cold.
If I did do that, I doubt I'd be the only one.
Some nutcases go here.
This is so awkward.
Good article.
I am using a Willie Sutton reference for the socialmedia class I am about to teach at .
Too much
where are you
Congrats to all your contest winners!
Omg so hot in here i still cant sleep!!!!!!
Thanx for the preview..
What to you call a Russian flea?
A Moscowito!
I love pennies!
Such satisfaction paying 8 cents or 3cents for 23 cents.
Canada eliminates the penny.
Can we please do the same?
Artists/designers, stop using the autotrace tool to create original works.
Running a process on an image doesn't make it viable.
Working on a concept album that's 227 beats per minute and based on samples of Jacke and Sherman Hemsley.
never argue with idiots.
They'll bring you down to their level and beat you with experience.
I legit was just humming that as your Tweet came up haha!!
Thanks for playing...you're just full of oneliners more sarcasm
Thank u lord for wake me and my family up this morning
Happy hour specials 39...
5 stoli cocktails, 2 miller bottles, 3 tall rails.
Come take advantage of the best patio in Milwaukee!!
Today in 1828 NoahWebster, widely known as a crackpot, published American Dictionary wch remade his reputation into Founding Father
Rockstars spend their marketing efforts with loyal fans while companies focus on acqiring new customers via
ha, twas even better this time!
if I doctornk any more pumpkin spice lattes, I'm going to turn into a pumpkin!!
stuffed peppers and icecream :/
We'll hope the wait list comes thru has not had the pleasure of dinner there so lets plan it.
Swag doesnt have anything on class.
Just meeting with childhhod friend, who is National Director of Diversity for ALL clubs.
Incredible intiatives going on.
RT : Success requires continual change, constant improvement, and ongoing sacrifice.
Fo Real I NEED THIS SHIRT Where can I Cop It?
Rain and sleet outside.
March went out like a lion, a whippin up the water in the bay....
you make my day noelle lol:
I saw that...
Hope all is going well for u...u look awesome!
4/20 also happens to be Hitler's birthday...
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy : 14
You bet, thank you!
I hope those students are going into marketing : cc
RecommendationsOregon, Washington, Seattle!?
where did he go?..
my eyes are like clouds..
That is so awesome!!
The blog section  stratejoy.com is also hosting 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about their QLCs in real time!!
you a fool...
now officially has a license to get married.
Only took 10 minutes  cost 93, probably the fastest  cheapest part of the whole process!
;
shoots glitter cannon RT : Don't sell your soul to have what someone had yesterday.
aha das' the motto.
good luck though :
What workshop are you attending today?
Tweet us!

Christmas break!
yum yum yum yum!
Love Al Michael's references to the Vegas line at the end of nearly every game on
bout to make that pantie doctorpping music
Am i the only one who used to watch doctorQuinn as a child .
That was my show.
You're welcome.
Looking forward to your tweets.
love it!!
I did plays from young 2 'old' My doctoram was 2 be an actress ever since I can remember
Yup!
Let us know when you're in LA again!
:
It amazes me how long me  been friends with some people  they still don't know we share the same birthday
Thanks for following my tweets!
Be blessed!
iSchoolers, Join us at the Dog and Duck this evening at 6:30 for a Welcome Back Happy Hour!
Join us later for Gone to Texas at 8:00pm!
Gavin DeGraw is simply amazing
Royal Ink's soft opening is today
fuckas try to find me!!!
I've typed descriptions for 190 8x10 film negatives TODAY ALONE.
Somehow the app market got taken off my phone.
How can I get the market app back if I can't access the market lol
At to celebrate their 3 Year Anniversary!
The party has been going all week.
Congratulations to Asim  the Policy crew!!
GLread11 very excited to be a part of the global read aloud project!
Happy Father's Day!
Prove it.
I'm gonna be pissed if my direct tv don't come bk on or this storm don't stop n the next 20min and I miss
that's why I sent it to you;.
I love the oatmeal
The media is boxing MITT ROMNEY into a corner.
The BULLY debut from his old school really shows who MITT is.
Granted people do change.
Why did I go back to school?
All I do is school work.
Is it Friday and wineweek yet?!
hey let's do something soon?
:
does that include Jimmy!
do you ever have concert.?I really want to meet you and so does my brother but he can't.
So I just want him to know that I did
Everyone Tweet people not following TO follow him!
RObotz get to it!
We are taking over!
Tweet alot of ppl and He will follow you!
wow, congrats Philip Humber with the 21st Perfect Game in History!
Does he know?
Can he tell?...he knows...mister Hansen can TOTALLY tell that I'm stoned....wait, does he know?
Arranging a bowl of flowers in the morning can give a sense of quiet in a crowded day  like writing a poem, or saying a prayer.
RT : Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes.
Art is knowing which ones to keep via
truth be told, the pros only pedaled with one leg...
RT RsNT Training Ride with the pros app.strava.com/rides/calpcom
falling in love is easy BUT someone tell me how to stay there...i swear this quote is monsterous
Character may be manifested in the great moments, but it is made in the small ones.
Phillip Brooks
He lied.
Shocker.
AbdulBah is doctorving through a park on his way to a home for the poor.
Awww, back at you!
How are you doing?
What's new?
It's been YEARS!!
Hey!
It's Cyber Monday!
A great day to order a deck of GOLPH cards...you'll love to play the game and your family and friends will, too!
attempting to make last minute decisions  final arrangements for this photo shoot on Thursday
hello september!
if that cold wind i felt yesterday keeps up, then i think we can be friends for a long while.
i take that as a yes .
werk bitch, you don't got to stress this.
show 'em how it's done.
mcdonalds tomorrow then?
ASTD TechKnowledge 2012...here we come!
Stop by booth 300 to say hello.
yea, making money is a TOP priority of mines.
I think about how to make more everyday.
Always have since I was like 5 lol
I NEED A VACATiON!!!!
Peter Sellers in Being There.
I like to watch.
austin please come to mexico mexican mahomies needs you please please AustinInMexico :D
lol I haven't :/ but I can't believ u remember!
Haha
Awesome!
How was the process of setting up your project?
We enjoy the feedback.
;
Spring cleaning!
Worldwide Income Opportunity.
We are looking for promoters to work from home.
The pay is 100 dollars per day
it wouldn't be complete without those arm extender things old people use.
Yup, your way!
Just got off the plane in Sacramento.
Here to testify at Transportation comm.
in favor of AB 1572 the bill to reform
Yeah just mentiomed as a good resource for tech I agree!
mlamobiletech follow krafty librarian blog!
haRT : BESTFRIEND: the one you can get mad at only for a short period because you have important stuff to tell them
THE S WORD
We are excited about our new products from
MyPaastRelationships weren't what I was lookin for.
I want you3
LOL what does that stand for?
Why do women stare at me but never speak?
If you are attracted to me, at least wave!
Getting so nervous for tonights razzieawards....I'm a dork, I know!!
:
What an honor...and what fun!
ok that's fine!
We'll do a movie night!!!!!
I'll finally make those brownie things!!!
I noticed you're following Homeless Hotspots.
Wondered what you thought of it.
Good sunday morning fam.
Hope all are having a good one.
Keep the faith!
very true chip  we actually had to go ahead and get her prosthetic fingers
Almost game time!
GeauxTigersBeatBama !
Who do you think will win the BCSChampionship?
Mills they better hope so with what they gave up..
paid off for Cinci holding out
Good Morning Everybody!
:
That moment where you smile at a stranger to have them point out lipstick on your teeth Thesedamnlipsteethglossy
SHAKE IT!
Hamilton is a monster.
Venison sausages today!
Gamey gasmic goodness
I stuck with fruit salad.
Can't go wrong with just having to cup up fruit :
when are you guys coming to chicago?
are you doctornk missy?
Peter Schiff is the man
Everytime I have a cherry, I feel the need to tie the stem into a knot in my mouth ;
: Better hide the matches now.
Haha!!
Not happening!
AJStream raising your voice and abrasive comments wont make people listen to you or take u seriously.
Bravo 2
Ha ha!
I just heard a story about millionaire who hired a rain witch to find wells for vineyard.
Anything is possible.
Thx 4 RT ;
I'm not in L.A.
with Zachary.
imagine You're taking a shower and Niall comes in.
He stops the water and slaps ur ass 'You don't need water..
I can make u wet.' ;
doctorving 10 mph on 94 has to be the best way to work...right.....riiiiigggghhhhht
Yup  AJL, last year!
Unfortunately I didn't get to do the tour, but the presentations were great!
Student teams today in Maysville!
oh yeah, your stomach is going to be hurting from laughing for sure: lol
Hi dud
omg I just had those for breakfast!!!!
:D 3 so good!
SUPER SATURDAY SALE COME VISIT OUR WAREHOUSE AND SAVE 10 ON ANY NON SALE ITEM!
OR SVAE 10 BY PLACING YOUR ORDER OVER THE PHONE ON SATURDAY
Air Designs, the prop place?
What are you working on down there?
This stupid ass art teacher gettn on my fckn nerves bro ..
I'm bout to punch him in his face ..
dirty ass hobo !!
Wishing a very happy birthday to my mom.
I can't wait to see you in October!
Holy Penny lane!
goes running after I was kidding lol :D yes we're almost a month like u said :D
After watching NeverSayNever, I must admit I am now a
done!
ticket submitted.
thanks for the link.
: OK.
You might remind him that he said he'd debate me on the subject anytime, before backing down the first time.
it was awesome I only saw a little though but if he comes new York he should have onelol here
if you want 2 always be disappointed, pls free free 2 follow the w/  me

no they not
just a test, but pretty poor timing as a storm is rolling through.
Hey sir, how is everything?
Our studio name came from Dixiana, South Carolina.
We located to Nashville.
JustRememberThat I am always here to support you and will forever be.
I'll shoot you if you dont eat my poo!
The suggestion of creating a simulation of interactivity makes me think about machinima.
Happy Hump Day.
Make it great.
hey!
Follow back?
Those who think you can buy votes don't understand democracy.
You can never buy a vote; you have to earn every single one.
So the ways in which rights discourses are deployed are super fascinating.
You're so annoying it's literally killing my brain cells.
Got checked today...wtf
Absotutly, let's keep it on Wednesdays!
Before calling press read what they've tweeted, this can save you from embarrassment or spark ideas.
You're so cultured and get geography.
: London is cold AS FUCK!!!!!!!!
a chihuahua.
well I have three others, but I'm with the chihuahua :D , you're slacking' brueh!
for a moment, I thought you were talking about mark henry
Depends on what you mean by funny.
See: Joe Pesci, Goodfellas
only problem was the noise.
House of blues woke us up at 2am and 4am for 1/2 hour.
Very tired today.
what BILLIONS are you refering to?
This just more slander from you?
Our LM2 is public record as a
thanks.
Where is your picture?
Hey there guys.
It's been awhile3
Wishing everyone a happy and safe Halloween!
Be sure to brush and floss after eating all that candy!
Love that show.
Have to catch the rebroadcast.
If it don't make money, it don't make sense.
Miss Robbie LOL
Giant fan in MIA still got much love for ya skillz.
Thx and welcome back to the good life.
It didn't kill ya...so you better
please tweet us.
VASHAPPENEN Rena and Gaby 3 i love u :
Scholars were not surprised to find that mustache growth was the main subject of Nietzsche's private journals.
AGREE.
Invest!
RT : was excellent at bigomaha  but in my experience, some B teamers can become outstanding over time
Power is out??
Good thing we finished dinner  cleaned up!
thanks!
Have a great weekend.
Many thanks and much respect for that support!
A great honor to see you following our tweets.
I'm surprised at how many people do that.
Is be ashamed.
Even tho it's just a silly game.
I can't do it.
Boyfriend by Best Coast is the most relevant song
shut the hell up
Super bowl tonight !!!!!!
wow!
I got a haircut yesterday!
Consider yourself a cigar aficionado?
Come check out our walkin cigar humidor!
I feel it's an insight into the past that was lost, unfortunately.
Wish strawberries came single
Lent is simply not enough.
back in 07, busted Zocolillo, low level NY hood out of jail now doing reality t v 'mamas boys of the bronx' what the hey?10news tonight
need some weed for my needs
Did you know...?
Each Zipcar takes at least 15 personally owned cars off the road.
I didn't hear that as directed against the whole assessment movement, but against testdoctorven assessment.
Giants!!
Holy crap.
Going to the loop today gonna get some new clothes/any ideas.
looking for effective tool for sorting, tagging, storing pdf downloads  in way that isnt breaking copyright.
any suggestions?
it makes me so happy that Mikey followed me after he promised to 3
Well today is not Friday, but it is TNI day, so almost as good!
Looking fwd to reminiscing abt Spring Break w/ 
wut can u spend anothr day w/out?
Bach opens a vista to the universe.
After experiencing him, people feel there is meaning to life after all.
Helmut Walcha
Hard to believe Dave Grohl was once the doctormmer for Nirvana!
RT Finally......some REAL talent..........FooFighters!!!
but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.
Martin luther king
Sketching up some large ideas!
right!
they are dangerous aren't they?
hell nawl !
Into a fuckin' compartment with like 70 more people for 8 fucking weeks !
I once again wanted to share my main mantra: Everyone is on their own path at their own pace.
How does that resonate with you?
Future overrated
that's why he gave us the hardest part ;
Dear girls in yoga: please no more short shorts.
Diiamon'd Vasquez  Check me out  More to come
What's on my myn hum my Son most def...
She ain't a killer but she'd fucking blow your head off.
Its2012WhyYouStill rocking airbrushed t shirts and scrolling belt buckles.
Coffee Ice Cream  yumm A
Excited to learn that is coming to Colorado!
We welcome you with open arms!
thats nice to now
Dude, that is so 2009like Chatroulette.
Studio session 11pm tomorrow Superstar No limit
My goodness Chelsea!
Happy Birthday
your welcome..
When they say that it's just another way of sweet talking you and trying to get u back.
If it's not one thing, it's another.
RT For those keeping count, Gingrich now has compared himself to Reagan, Jefferson, Jackson, Lincoln and Fdoctor
is preaching the word this am !
We need a exalted view of God !!
oh, it'll be back.
We have Atlanta at Actor's Express next.
they should harassing his RAT friend!!
What comedians we're left out of the comedy awards that you would like us to get.
Why shoot on the empty net?
KILL THE CLOCK AND CELEBRATE!
whatever....you say!!
Its National Margarita Day!!!!!!!!
5 margaritas all day long!!!!
Have a great day everyone!!!!!
it'll just take a little practice and memorization.
Yep!: haha, it seems like it's been awhile since we've talked!
ever miss your braces ?;
My gf and I just walked thru ur place.
Y are u moving?
Its pretty nice.
Is it a cool place to live?
PS love following ur tweets
this is my favorite page yet!
So excited for this episode
I'm in a LoKey State Of Mind!
Well the AZ is finished....
gotta figure out what to play now.
bugger.
totally understand.
Between WWTT and RFS it's like my grim reaper story is still stuck at 25k...poor thing!
lol Must reap souls!
Occupy Toronto order to evict upheld
LALDelta pau.
He ways flies high!
Aw poor Rachel
Many speed traps on 394w, if you are headed to the Twins game!
no school all day
Had a delicious salmon salad from the other day, incredible ingredients, even the mint is so fresh.
Go, lajolla, go!
Sweet, I could get a job making 14.50 and hour.
Nice to see gas prices falling a bit in Sacramento.
Wonder if it's just so they can be raised for the holiday.
Need a tg crew jump on the wagon might have a tic for ya if you need
Our pitching's going to take some time to come around, but this offense will carry us until it does.
I REFUSE TO LOSE.
LASERSHOW OUT.
6am Bikram...
Yes it was amazing.
Love this practice.
Now I take kiddos to school.
What's not to love about you guys????
I love your song What Makes You Beautiful !
Good job boys :
This Jemi scene 
because of you I have made it to round 4 in the YOBI Sing Competition!
An early start in SoCal  mornin'!
RT: Good morning!
,um my fone broke like two days ago :/ so ii cant text u but if ,I get a new one i will do : and just message me?!
Dear restaurants: the 1 way to get on my shitlist isn't bad food, but lack of consistency.
Don't wow me 1 day  then gross me out the next
Eggcellent Easter breakfast spot!
We're serving up glasses of Prosecco, Crab Cake Benedict, Seattle Strata,  Challah French Toast.
On the road
i guess you're right.
He gets his though.
chevysxsw Good job Patty.
I've never had a better cruze in my life.
That was incredible!!
www.DigitalGeeks.org now will help you get your webpage up and running.
Contact us for a free consultation
LetsBeReal when girls get mad guys4txting females.99 of the time ur txting guys.
So
It's not news.
Twitter probably did that, lol.
I know Twitter follows/unfollows ppl randomly.
It's a known glitch.
And Mat Latos just oneupped Mike Leake.
LF corner to same spot in RCF.
Leake was throwing about 50 feet from third base.
Aloha !
Mahalo for the mention.
RT Say hello to my friends at the for me.
You should tell yo friends to follow me.
Cause I like that shit.
Now Following Back
Hell yes; black olives, kalamata, whatever the kind of olive, it can live on my slice.
Just trying to figure out which of my WrestleMania photos is the most ridiculous.
I liked you on KSR with Matt.
I understand your view.
If he hadn't lied about meaning to do it 45 games would be enough.
Monday afternoon Happy Hour is in full swing  come on by and enjoy a half price beef burger  doctornk specials until 7pm!
Original with strawberries, kiwi, blueberries and honey.
YUM!!
cool, I'll send both of you an email with internal link  downloading everything now :
MT Boone Logan has 24K in 15.2 IP.
Continues to quietly dominate as a reliever...Just PLEASE dont get hurt...
Nintendo news New Mario game coming to 3DS Kirby collection new wii games
I got a B in Calculus going into the final.....
Thank you god ......
It seems we are kindoctord spirits, sir  Love the name.
haha that's being nicee!
don't you remember?
We are, that one day you were fucked up so you married me lolol :D
found it!
Tweet forthcoming
Final Four, here we come!!!!
yep, we're adding a link there.
thanks for the suggestion
Me too lolRT : Had fun with the hommie last night
Photoshoot went as planned today, now tomorrow we get busy writing this amazing music we hope you all will enjoy!
Hope too see you all soon!
Where was your shirt made?
Read the Label and share with us.
readthelabel challenge
We're all set up for the tours of the CLRC today for the Philadelphia Book Festival at the Free Library.
doctorp by and see us!
are you coming to tonight HMU if you decide to
It's starting to get warm out...
maybe it's time for a Hennepin or two...
They should just let it go 
hey, umm your professorle says talk to you, so hi :D haha
Being yourself is not remaining what you were, or being satisfied with what your are.
It is the point of departure Sydney J.
Harris
Such a great idea.
In a small town, odd people are characters.
In a big city, they are sinister and scary.
Your probably write, sigh
A FUCKING SAP!!!!
that tournament helped with that.
I dunno, hes the guy I wanted with 4 and I was shocked when it didnt happen
I will vote NO for any bill that limits the rights of NC.
Lets return prosperity to NC!
NC09 NCPOL 
How could you be in a bad mood when the sun is out!?
positiveattitude 
NowPlaying StedE  Hybrid Heights  Dirty South  Those Usual Suspects  Walking Alone
Have a favorite quote from Swami Kriyananda or his Guru, Paramhansa Yogananda?
Please share with us and others!
doesn't care about his fans ?
he RTs and replies to them as much as possible !
The one class I stayed an extra day for lasted 5 minutes
Better make that bet by Sunday.
Full color business cards on 16PT Heavy Stock, UV coating on color sides, full color both sides, only 75 for 1,000 cards!
why do i always get on twitter at 5am ???
i just noticed this..
lol wow i feel stupid :/ haha
If I don't sleep soon I'm gonna snap
The last time UofL defeated UK twice in the same season in baseball was 1979.
The art of music videos is dead, bring it back Kanye
Note to self, turn ringer off.
Katy Perry's Last Friday Night just blasted in the church.
Sorry Jesus.
Grandma, pls smooth things over.
keyshia cole's voice is so pretty .
Anyone wondering if these fights between the Rangers and Devils are prearranged?
Yeah, you're right.
Just so many options!
We'll make the most of it though.
Thanks!
THE SINGOFF IS GETTING CANCELLED 
I'll take my tweet no.
2,001 to just say: I don't know how I got so lucky to be so happy again.
hey, I believe we were promised kitten photos.
Wish I knew more about 'archive'.
But it surely holds many abandoned websites, midi files  all, that could help you.
Sorry I can not root for you any longer since you are now a member of the JETS!
We had a good run while it lasted.
Im in the money!
Windwood: Strategic planning is so 20th Century.
It is like a straight jacket
I wish I could afford to go to bamboozle.
idk the only band I wanna see is Brand New.
I'll probably never get to see them ever though.
:/
NicheActuator thanks for following me on Twitter!
Where do you get them?
Hook me up with some good ones for spanish and german  we can have some charlars in AA sometime.
10 months today.
For all those Duck fans that can't get enough Rose Bowl, ESPN is replaying the game right now
The day I open a fruit snack and there's no yellow ones will be the happiest day of my life.
reggie miller just said the collective gas just came over everyone in this arena.
can I ask you to do me a favor plz?
Don't leave her, if you can't let her go.
Good Morning
wow asham you are incredibly stupid
not sure I can, but I'm always up for the challenge ;
Fade to Black is probably the most frustrating Google Alert we've ever had.
Quality time wit lil D
Law of gravity, Law of attraction, Law of relativity ....
We need to focus on the Law of Balance!
Per WCNC, bad multiple car accident on 485 inner loop at 51.
Please be safe, Everyone.
if cincy wins...its actually conference USA taking care of the top of the big ten.
What planet have you been living on?
You're right you did not know him.
And his heart would not allow him to hurt a child.
: okay now WHATS THE SHOCKER???
I can't tell u on twitter I got morals !
RT : Every resume should be just a little bit different, no two job descriptions are alike.
Mentioning the movie good hair around chicks wearing weave
You guys realize that Fielder is only 5'11, right?
Not exactly NFL height.
Love him on diamond but not gridiron.
I hate when I hear  see shit that reminds me of the Past.
Makes me want 2 tear up sum shit.
Ugh
Happy Hump Day!
What's your favorite happy hour doctornk?
Up Early Still Not Feelinq Gud...
Finna Cook Me A Hot Breakfast Then Get Back In Dha Bed 'nd Sleep Until I Can't Sleep NoMoe!
Are you a comedian?
Everything that don't make since about me, makes since when I'm with you.
was just talking about aspen...
Maybe next winter
im so glad guys cant see our boners
I don't want Ramiro to make his car ugly.
D:
Maybe just think about transparency  you don't need to censor it.
np man.
another good amp, just depends on what you like.
I'd give the a listen.
it slams.
oh Alex
Dope music bruh..
get at me for some collabs Check my artist 
LOVE!!!!!!!
RT : A1: vocation is not a goal that you pursue.
it is a calling that you hear.
doctorving to Frankfort.
ETA 1:31 PM using Waze  doctorve Social
u silly
Thank you VHS people.
Honored to play with all you.
hang in there, it'll be here before you know it.
Love it!!
I constantly wherever I go I have my phone in my hand
I signed up on your site, but I live in New Mexico.
Next time i am in town, I'll try to stop by.
Many thanks!
Perkins would beat the hell out of Dirk anyways!
Get the hell out of here, Dirt.
Should I send a help request from admin account or from team member account?
Before cutting out old RG6 wire in one's attic, one should really verify it isn't being used, first.
Oops.
and the percentage after 10 minutes is ??
Articulate Technologies is Hiring!
Looking for a Regional Sales Manager in the SF Bay Area.
Recommendations appreciated!
bit.ly/5cpOcM
i'm a girl.
wbu?
crap, no lol
do people actually fall for this?
Lol
I hope cinco de hoy went/is going well...best wishes!!
we know, thanks for keeping us in mind!!!
; keep in touch
people these days.
Come by Tue., Feb.
7th 5p to close!
at 7pm.
All ages until 9pm.
50 sales go to Sunshine Division
thanks!
so do we : 
Any idea how long these communications could last?
birthday festivities continue tonite w/my core crew.
So blessed to have them in my life  the years of friendship  supporting each other.
We love actors!
Tell us how to improve the app to help you learn your lines :
hahaa omg yess!
I miss u!
justin bieber all day 3 :
Join our Twitter Competition..The person who has most Retweets of will will win a signed ball from one of our legends
I know smfh.
U should take me to the hospital
Thanks for the love !
could not exist without runners like you!
You're doing a great job with the Facebook class!
love you
Ok i am gonna study now...
ok..
I am gonna study now.
What do you do?
Hi!
I am a San Diego Bankruptcy and Probate Law Attorney.
Let's connect!
I am looking for referral partners and networking.
SB
To those up in arms about North Carolina, where have you been?
29 other states have constitutional bans.
Trying to take it one day at a time
to me, youre as perfect as can be.
you're nothing short of my everything.
Happy 1 month anniversary :
yea we r lols
we just love you, chel.
So ready for my trueblood hbotrueblood Can't wait  Jessica better get saved!
teamjessica teamericsookie
And i so dont miss alcohol!
did you replace me !?
when and I have a
lol yeah it's crazy but I love it...proly gets old after 6 years tho
marcfail is broader than issues that are MARC's fault in popular usage
RT : BREAKING NEWS: DOJ, FBI opens investigation into trayvon Martin shooting
You got me hooked on the Janoskians haha
Its a beautiful day!
w.nathanseth.com
Trying too decipher....
Really hate suspicion
My archenemy: Plato.
An evil spiteful cat that must be destroyed or otherwise tamed.
Two attacks and a tactical herding almost did me in!
Happy Friday!
In doctorves in tonights episode of Punk'd on at 10pm fllw ihearditonMTV 
It's a James Bond marathon kind of afternoon.
LayZ.
I've decided to bring my entire HIST 102 section to 's dissertation proposal on Monday.
Should be a lot of fun questions!
Hahaha oh based god.
The fabric from which your cut?
Not again, oh shit.
RT TweetItOutKid: that awkward moment when you realize your tweets will never be as epic as
No problem :
When You Going Thrug Your Worst Moments  The Person Is Still Next To You , That's When You Know It's REAL
Love it and only reasonable explanation
Your passion for making a difference is the spark needed for social change
I will make history, I am great.
Exactly 1 week and we'll be at Gm 1 of the Kelly Cup Finals.
Who's ready?
C'mon WranglerNation time to stand up
limbaugh is declaring protests will become bloody?
hm.
i live here, and witness nothing but kindness, doctormming, cookies, and pizzas
too funny
Tim Tebow sent from Denver to deliver the Jets from Evil.
when will you all come back by MI to do as show or event?
So can't wait till my divorce is final!
Hmm maybe my honey  I will run away 2 Vegas 4 a wknd  elope wen both r divorces r final!
:D
iWanna skate but Fuck the wind, bitch ass niggaah!
So does that mean I can't use we when i'm referring to you guys playing next year since I don't play with with a scholarship?
Congrats on Makin
Stealing someone else's Cheetos at lunch becasue we are just so hungry
Struggle  Hard Work Opens Many Doors
Your welcome : But I could tell you will enjoy the sport of basketball longer than any other
I think so.
Smooth and really thoughtful.
Gardner Shirt  Check...Planned escape from work to be home in time for the game  Check!
Let's Go Yankees!
Happy Opening Day!
I saw them yesterday!
So much fun!
NutriGen AM  PM Essentials are endorsed physician doctor Vincent Giampapa and are based on years of clinical research and studies.
Now all I can do is count down the days until I see you.
IMissYouDad I mean I've survived 9 months..
S/O to the you guys always show love ; 
beet greens!
beet salad!.
yum!
real shit we all happy for the same reason
I gave my daughter a chocolate donut for breakfast.
Guess who loves her mommy?
; Thanks for the follow!
TheWalkingDead was just okay tonite..
A little disappt'd in 4 min increments.
Killing me w 20 mins of show and 40 mins of commercials.
Such a heartbreaking loss, I really thought the Clippers had a chance tonight.
Hanging out at my friend hannah's house!
Were all going to Alabama with the softball team tomorrow!:
Just got to for free Urbanized screening and discussion w/ director AND there are free refreshments
sore throat and sinus problems are really a pain when you play woodwind instruments.......
Already baby much love
I really hope I get tired soon.
I'm not talkin about bein up all night.
I'm bout to carry my ass right back to sleep
I'm sorry.
: He looks like a sweetie.
: Mansion Party all over my TL !
So you know Next2Naked gone be turned tf up !
Hey Julian 
you're lucky you're all the way in Boston.
Fucker
I kno he gonna throw some lies n it
Money never changed me it just changed friends
Rocked too hard last night.
Don't have any pictures of on stage.
3 down 1 to go!
Recruitng at the directorlevel is expected to outpace hiring at other levels of mgmt over the next 6 mnths, according to ExecuNet poll
: dats what's up my brother can't wait to see dat thang In person GOD IS GOOD
ispendwaytomuchmoneyon Candy, chocolate, potato chips, Popsicles!
It's only when they're gone I realise I've made a bad investment :/
RT I sit everyday and ask what can I do to make a difference...
Now, I say TeamDarkLightSkin !
: 3 I love Me Some Read Bones :
What an odd thing to say.
wants to fundamentally transform America.
I stand ready to lead us down a different path
: It appears the tweet machine of choice is the iPhone as I look around at others here for BrewersSMIS I prefer my new iPad!
dot your 'I's and cross your 'Teas'
Nevermind, found some all the way in the back.
adtech panelist: Google on life support only because of SEO benefit.
Wow...I finally found my twitter password!!
VICTORY!!
haven't noticed it before, but really like this year's jersey
Stuck at SJC for 3hrs  fail...
acting as if nothing's wrong, gave some miles I can't use and not even a measly meal voucher
AQUS .0062s UP!
This could be the breakout folks!!
SHUT UP bitch lol :D
RT : Defeat should never be a source of discouragement, but rather a fresh
lol u so crazy
doctor Armando Guevara will be presenting at the 2012 RIEGL International Airborne  Mobile Users Conference, Feb 28thMarch 1st in Orlando, Fl
Horray!
Break a leg, !
RT : About to see Figure 8 at Theatre of Note with Yay for live theatre.
:
Danceagain is the most autotuned, lip synced shit I've seen performed on TV in a while...
HAPPY 21ST BIRTHDAY !
DON'T GET TOO FUCKED UP
Thanks for the RT John.
Really appreciate it!
LOL!
As in Oh, Lordy, our champions are coalescing Congrats 2 both!
AND my colleague expects me to read his mindor something.
trying hard not to be cranky.
Shoot time!
TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime Johnny Bravo : : :
Looking more like the lex lol
I am telling you WE CAN FIX THE EDU MESS.
And we will.
We need a little more time.
you n ur boy are cute !
always keeping an eye out and my mind open.
Mental notes for future projects.
Fringe has fallen off the edge into the abyss.
I love that my VP quotes Plato and Emerson at a town hall meeting.
What's going on in Clintonville, WI?
More booms reported overnight.
We'll talk live with the city administrator on CBS 58 Morning News.
OCLC survey: Enniss: only 38 of IRLAs have online finding aids
Sunshine and 50 on a Friday in January, makes the freezing early week forgettable.
I'll talk about this more on Monday.
In the meantime, have a good weekend!
HP Commercial shoot today!
One of the most Ginormous sets  loveliest crews I've ever experienced.
Goin on a run
RT: RT : Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots.
I wanna see a doctorGON!!!
Should we do another potluck?
People will always have that hard way to forget the special person after being gone.
Hater: Cody will never notice you, he probably thinks your creepy.
Me: I'm going to stab you with my pen, k cool.
Works on both.
Making my Kentucky Derby pick this morning.
Have shown an uncanny knack in years past.
My heart goes to I'll Have Another but...
Which do you check first each day  Twitter or Facebook?
me THREE!
I cant get enough!
'cause we're the three best friends that anybody could have!
'cause we're the three best friends that anybody could have!
Can I get more specifics?
Finally back in the USA, although at SFO I do have to wonder.
Considering doing the running of the bulls next year.
Seems like great motivation to train really hard.
Who's with me?
thank you love!
i miss everyone too ...
you should release the lyrics to Taylor issues so i can set them as my background 3
once again, thanks for the kind words, wish you all the best
Open house will hopefully be in May, we have a TON of work to do first...
i saw your video on diggy and that was nice what u said about him: i got the bundle today now i have two cds!
l this ablum
This is the weather I like
Missouri!!!!!!!
Missouri!!!!!!!
MIssouri!!!!
Missouri!!!!
Missouri!!!!
Missouri!!!
Missouri!!!!
Missouri!!!!
Missouri!!!
Happy mothers day.
You make us strong you fill us with love.
All that we are is because of you.
Love you mama your my best friend.
Cheers
Are you serious?!
Have I ever told you how much I love Kula Shaker?
Full of energy after going to sleep  2...what's wrong with me!
Your not gonna support us?
/:
En route to Rochester to talk FairUse of sound recordings and librarianscode with ARSC!
Can't imagine what court case might come up.
of course!!
Can't wait to hear what ur doing!
PT  Lake Forest College!
Finally home.
Ugg long day
Ron Paul was never about freedom.
He's about removing restrictions on people who own stuff.
Well there was at least a little excitement in this snooze fest.
Please tell me there are still nickcave tickets for tonight!?
I'll mask it up at ilovesam and be in the first 50 if I have to
Meep.
I'm upset with you..
haha.
It makes my day a little brighter every time answers a diginterp question.
He has perfected just the right amount of snark.
It's for Coppin State who lost by 1 to Texas to almost make the Sweet 16 in 1997
: Support the good.
your blog is lovely!!
his name should b blake missing...lol
We r?
Meet me down by the lake.
Llamf you ain't even got no valid argument!
When people annoy us, its usually because we are observing a trait in them that we disown in ourselves.
RT : I wish Mad Men wasn't on Sunday nights.
Kind of hard to face the coming week thinking Oh right!
The world is sad and difficult
MLS Commissioner confirms that the league will release players for the Olympics
Good first possession on the PP, didn't resemble the clogged toilet style we've become used to.
It's a great day to stop by for a tattoo!
Thomas and John have some openings!
Come on down!
It's like air!
I NEED it!
I have to be on the red carpet for the next 2 days so Sunday I'm going OFF on some TB!
;
My new whip is sick!
Good talk by E Bayh at the State Christmas party 2nite on the strength of Hoosiers  service.
Let's continue 2 come 2gether as team.
JDG
good.
There's not even close to enough DiLallo in my life.
I need to be out.
doing things
Anyone got the hookup with a radio station preferable 98.5 or 97.5 or both?i need to get a song out there asap for dj rowdy a
Tomorrows gonna be 70 and sunny.
Hell fucking yeah
You are going to do so well, Mary!
Good luck tomorrow, mister Ingram is a doll :
Lots of new ideas being developed in the Us, Today laboratory.
I have bad luck.
xman with the winner tonight!
well played SDSU let's keep it rolling on Sat v.
LB
lol gotta see him with the silk shirt, sandals and plaid shorts on !!!
That'll be funny
Just days til my FL trip.
Ridiculously excited for WMC and Ultra Music Festival.
You.
Don't.
Even.
Know.
isnt misterbamboo dying?....says something?
Killing my babies, one at a time.
this bitch dancin in the kitchen like a fuckin idiot.
She done burnt herself.
Bitch stop and make me a sammich 
That picture in your casino post really depresses me.
These people are being taken for a ride.
The homepage is so adorable!
Where can I find myself a weedy sea doctorgon?
Have they decided to call it bingahoo yet?
It just makes sense.
Stop wasting time and get to building the content network already.
Sometimes i just listen to song's instrumentals...calming.
I think that's what I wanna do
the issue mostly has to do w/ selection bias of the w3 visitors it is more techy, hence weighted heavier to the trendy browsers
doctordge notes those professor from OWS visiting Tehran as if it's a bad thing, but maybe it's time to: OccupyIran RT if you love that idea.
Do you blog?
Let us know, we'd love to read it.
oh really?
funneeeh that!
well i just watched some of yours there great!
inbox me on youtube?
xx let me know when ya have
Woke up with that bless'd feeling!
Time to get it in with the studies and receive HIS wisdom n understanding.
A great day!
Happy Hanukkah!
So excited to be in PA  DE for the next two days.
Please watch me tomorrow night on Ghost Whisperer where I do a stunt and jump off a building.
Contract Warriors was a unique topic.
Working on anything new?
Q4 working in Admin as Staff Asst Gave perspective into business practices when workin with vendors N built office skillz
Very well
Has anyone ever had Cantharone used on their child's skin?
Trying to decide if I need to page the doctor or if this is normal.
Lipsyncing is particularly poor this season.
In 140 characters or less, tell us the story of the one that got away!
We'll RT u!
Maybe the server team won't let install 1000v on host?
Or possibly scalability or demarcation if you do virt firewall stuff

never been to Europe  but water sounds like that Vichy water from France :
Gorgeous choreography and dancing on DWTS tonight!!
Bestfriend alex is the cutest person ever he asked me if he can walk me to my car because I injured my ankle awww hes to cute 3
Coolass photo.
The gold pops.
I3your wallpaper :B
thanks!
Means a lot!
Came home to a broken fridge, but I'm eating the food anyway.
Hope I don't get sick.
Her damn song is stuck in my head 
I'm watching hockey :P and aww!!
Feel better!!
How do you make a bandstand?
Take away their chairs
ShoutOutToo he asks me for a shout out everyday at school, he's dope everyone follow him!
Examine the things you like from others' and figure out the elements of their success.
Replicate.
I think engaging online discussion will mean that faculty will need to jump in and be engaged as well
Peer pressure : put your time in.
That looks awesome.
perhaps you mean Osama?
Was that me?
a house
enjoying the Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
Just heard  SF Hillel will host an Israel Fellow next year.
A relationship with a young Israeli is a powerful experience for our students.
Don't forget about our last Fellowship Night for 2010!
We hope to see you on December 31st at Zuma Fun Center!
Bo Lets go Ptown.....only respect for
I remember when I made this account  austin followed me, he was my first followed  then he enlisted me ..was like SALDKJFSJDKFSALDJKSLD
Exhausted but we finished the 900th pop at about 2am.
Ready for delivery!
Not over a tweet.
:P We'll get together in a few weeks and I'll show you.
Katy Perry's new video is super cool...mainly because she pretends to be a Marine..
Has this day not been set aside for us to honor him?
iThought evrybody would realize the 3rd monday in jan is not going 2always be the 15th
If your phones battery life lasts longer than your relationships, youre doing it wrong.
,I want it to look like no other blog before.
I'm talking weirdd.
87 degrees in NY today??
A little taste of
me too me too!
RT : Getting excited for  at tonight!
I hope they bring some vinyl!
So sorry.
we've decided that I can't die before my girlfriend does because I don't want her touching my stuff.
On vacation?
Come relax with a massage.....
60minute Swedish for 60  60minute Deep Tissue for 70
Cleaning sunday today
I've given up trying to look like I'm paying attention in this class...
This month is my 10 year anniversary of being a personal trainer..I have loved every minute of it, and have worked and helped some amazing
Trying to jock my shit, I don't think so.
No matter what, you're still a silly hoe.
Especially with the Super Bowl being streamed online on NFL.com and more.
Going to bed knowing I'm safe, happy and knowing everything will be okay.
What else could i ask for?
getting ready for our music supervisor session with Madonna WadeReed tonight
haha me too but not the eatin part
students  adults get started in the process.
Would love to connect if you're interested.
Lots of great overlap!
PU!
Just saw a skunk
Come on Blackhawks lets start off strong tonight!!
tomorow i have a test and then home at lunch time yayyyyyyyy!!!!!
Lloyd is a great guy.
Why do you think he's a cancer?
He wanted out cuz he's a timing receiver  Tebow is an improvise qb
Several bike rides this week.
Some easy and some moderate.
I hope you will join details to come
We are playing at The Croc Rock in Allentown PA w Nocturnal Me!
June 15th!
Tickets are 10 in advance
i still cant seem to get over the fact megavideo is dead
Whoa, never doctorve another mile!
Never let yesterday use up today.
Richard H.
Nelson
Anyone can catch your eye, but it takes someone special to catch your heart 3
A little work than dateday with my lovely wife including hungergames  thehollowbistro and a hottub.
letsgo!
yeah, not sure how they'll be running it but there are some good questions.
Maybe some sort of password?
I see you Miguel Cabrera
Its a packed sunny day here at sonyericssonopen :
yeah I guess they are that new blood.
We already got the veterans in the scene.
It's nice to see some new kids coming out.
i adore you....
ArianatorLove ...
I am still alive.
What are you doing for the games tonight?
Having people over or going somewhere fun?
Be safe  have a great weekend!
Strawberry has landed at !!!
I don't even have it anymore I don't think yoooo avengers 2
lol I love the rapping part
just had innovative educator speak to my staff YOU ARE A TECH ROCK STAR!
It's tough trying to keep your feet on the ground, your head above the clouds, your nose to the grindstone, your shoulder to the wheel,...
Going to visit my parents tomorrow evening.
In fact, metaphor is the unbounded exploration of reality and the relation of things where science is such exploration bounded.
what's your favorite color?
Love the dogfriendly staff !
How did I survive this weekend w/out sustaining a concussion?
Looking forward to having you in, let us know what you think.
who putted for you??!!??
I'm currently raving at a minigolf course.
Ugh i hate lupron.
My body feels awful.
doctorving thru Shorewood, noticed that the grass is green, birds are singing...and yard signs are scarce.
Tide shifted in the North Shore?
Two pretty good UI refreshes in and Especially love the followed link screen in tweetbot and the camera bar on insta
Always get the latest updates installed on your computer regardless of what operating system you use  security holes knows no difference!
The Library is seeking old AHHS / Cliffs yearbooks for local history.
Contact Mary at 570.587.3440 to see if we need the years you have.
also, loved the trapped in an elevatortrapped in space ship comment.
Is that an essay, blog post?
Good insight.
SAMOSA!
SAMOSA!
SAMOSA!
Aren't they delicious?
When was the last time you had some?
: x
Ikr I missed that stuff,,
Central Florida for the weekend...
Good resolution!

We're live right now at the Ronald McDonald House for the I AM MUSIC private event 4 the kids.
sorry for late reply, I followed you
Nominated.
Good luck!
Man need mo followers
This is a FANTASTIC idea, don't you guys agree?
Our plan is to share great info with all of you in a similar manner.
Enjoy!...
Watching press conference on Thomas Robinson entering the NBA doctorft.
it's not good!
Had a great day but just want this week to be over.
Now we need to see Gail Kim vs.
Sarita.
Welcome back!
VLJ is back in action!
Happy new year to all  let's make 2012 great!
I miss my kevin !
:
what is your cup size.
happy mothers day to all moms who grind at work, take care of home, keep family together,  are community pillars
Obligatory I want to do art for a living Tweet: For those of you who do what you love for a living, savor every minute or give 'em to me!
My March Madness consisted of watching moms, strippers  burn outs run from their cars to class in the rain, fun times at community college.
I don't care who you are or how nice you are, if you tell someone their newborn is cute, you're lying.
Thanks to for the great presentation at spop12!
Some really eye opening ideas about online marketing this morning.
Preparing for spiritual warfare is necessary for the believer...
Success happens when you call on Jesus and follow his commands!
how about I don't tell you what to tweet and you don't tell me what to tweet..idc if I come off racist
opening talk was so/so...some good stuff and some worthless chatter...this afternoon round table should be nifty...
Best MKE winter experience?
Good question, and plenty to choose from!
I'd vote for a lakefront park.
I love you too!
See you soon!
Miss you : RT : I love SO MUCH!!!!!
OMG
always stay on your grind
My pleasure, thanks for connecting!
Ah, but this makes my point, : they are Obamainspired recipes, per this board.
Not just recipes
Join us this Thursday for Cinco De Mayo.
We'll have great doctornk specials, Karaoke, 4 Margs, 2 beers and a ton of fun!
2 days til graduation!
time to be a real grownup
very clever sir
Too Magnetoy.
Right now, he's been reborn as a child so he can be raised properly this time.
The Raspberry Vanilla Wheat is in the Carboy.
The blowoff is ready.
Let the fermentation begin!
The trash going on in times square right now is disgusting
thanks love, but sometimes I just can't think like that.
I wish i could, but i don't...
I guess i just have to hope ?
:
I want to marry Kendall Schmidt :
Restaurant week at Sprig....fantastic!
Now that I think of it, if the grizzlies win tonight and send the series into game 7 they have an excellent shot of advancing.
I'm just getting settled back in my city
Hop up out the car, 106 then park.
I played a fair amount of lowball this week, so I'm biased.
May I please get a follow back, if you dont mind :!!
thank you for the kind words!
We're glad you enjoy our itgetsbetter project
Leave permanent job for a temp to hire job for 4 more per hour hm
I'm serious!
:c
It's been a while since we've Tweeted!
AskRomney Is it true you assumed the name Mitt because you didn't want to be confused for the other Willard associated with rats?
you like that one
When God closes a door, its always for your good.
It means its either not the right time or it's not the right door!
I am in nyc all week setting up meeting just left mtv going to nbc and cbs tomorrow .
Follow the yellow brick road with me
OneThingILove just one????
Books
Also, I feel like I have even less time to tweet now that closing has come and gone.
Next up: Graduation, conferences, and moving!
he was a good man.
in all fairness I doctornk a Red Bull last night and then wrote a bunch of MapReduce code.
Nothing says classy like a stacked bar chart : 
Supporting gay marriage is not JUST about getting gay peoples votes
Flipflopping?
How about the Mets record vs.
the Yankees this season.
Who would have predicted this?!
Today's starting line up for SCIAC 4 hosted by the Pomona , , , Cole, Hazzaa, , Stambler
More Boston big data companies I'm watching
i want to throw up now
Follow he's a young talented musician!
Monday RT Focus on your unique ability.
Take action.
Implement.
Get stuff done.
I swear, I'm going to establish my own personally shower in the library and bed that no one will no about.
If the book isn't good after the first sentence, i won't read it
Give a dude the day off every now and again to be with his family.
I am a Millionaire.
That is my religion.
My nigga said wiz help but juicy j on
half day for everyone!
Start
I miss every single fight in school.
When am I going to see to one.
Almost run over by a bike going the wrong way.
Ah NYC :
Start your day with something to eat, even if it is just a little something before a workout, you can follow it up with a real meal!
Lebron James absolutely took over the Heat/Knicks game late in the 1st half.
could be wrong, but I believe the immortal lyrics of Paula Cole were referring to the latter.
studio session with
While macro is justifiably taking lumps, lots of ideas from micro do work: e.g.
restricting land from development doctorves up housing costs.
LOL OK.
I would be like MOM MY LIFE DEPENDS ON THIS.
doctorVE ME THERE OR DIE
Corporate  Community Awards Breakfast at 8:00a will be held at: 901 Canal St.
Myrtle Beach.
Sec.
of Transportation will talk about JOBS!
I respect girls for that RT Girls go through so much, boys have no idea
EAPH alerted here first, what a nice run and she's still got legs!
Dearest , is pumping breakfast smell out onto Wacker?!
Smells delicious!
Am enjoying it very much, sir.
U go mommie : rt: Just finished my 3 mile run.
Hopefully I get in another 3 after dance and basketball.
fitmommies
probably is.
He picked that one.
Big fan.
RT Where all men think alike, no one thinks very much.
these guys are great.
If in the SF Bay area check them out.
Also look at their web.
I wanna move!
Tired of Chicgo.
I wanna start some where new where no one knows me or the stories about me!
.
Whoops.
You would be right, 4pm EDT.
Should just say 4pm Eastern
Omg i forgot what today was, happy birthday baby.
Love you!!!!!!!!!!!
Shout Out 2 all of TeamLilKim  TeamJanetJackson!!
We taking over twitter!!
It's WakenBake time!!
S/O to my new followers!
oh, and how's your duet coming along?
Can't wait to hear it at lunch tomorrow.
:
wat time does ur mom even leave o.o
with LOTS of handholding, shared milkshakes w/ red  white striped straws...
and maybe a sleepover to chat about boys!
I aint even gone trip we winning this series period.
Just wait till bosh come back.
great idea, I also like to download youtube or other videos related to the days lesson to stimulate ideas, visual learners enjoy
RT No doubt, I make great guacamole.
Perfect accessory to my Corona.Sounds like a doctoram date to me.
Like I'm really bout to buy some jewelry from a dude at the soul food spot.
Guy who made it was having a bad day.
Just surprising considering how consistent it's been since the good ol' days in CO.
Guggenheim did disservice to Gabriele Mnter placing her early painting in Kandinsky exhibit.
It was like child's scribbles next to his art.
Just watch wwe and the game wat have you been up to
copy cat
Just had a lovely time with Silfath of !
I always LOVE everything she is wearing!
RT : ,our aerialists performing at tonite for anniversary FREE Admission!!
Thanks for following my movement...Strictly for Divas  Gents...Im following back and hope you stay stuned in...
Tryin not to fall asleep at the wheel exhausted 
Bird With The Crystal Plumage is awesome in that respect.
Ridiculous side guys, but they inform te twist
Gonna be tough to see in something other than black and gold.
All time great in pittsburgh.
Its been real
Fuck These Fake Ass Boys Nbs !!!!!
WhenYouLoveSomeOne You wanna go deeper..finding who they really are..that person becomes interesting.
why is my mom trying to feed me a hamburger tho?
I don't like the hamburger meat its nasty.
I swear I'll definitely visit this shop!!
:'D Oh and I live in Germany......'
thanks and let us know if we can assist you in any way.
It should be illegal how amazing looks in a pair of jeans
best way to stop a spending problem is take away the credit card.
our goverment is using our hard earned money like a credit card
I start a new project this Thursday with the Forest Hills Chamber of Commerce.
Great time with and
when I was in school..punt on 1st down was a viable play,,lol
I do still have it, yes.
I'll send it to ya when I get home :
I hope to cover this game at some point.
RT Rain has forced a delay of Badgers Michigan series finale until 2 pm.
Can't come soon enough.
SKC buries LA, then we all hit Westport for Middle of the Map Fest!
Thanks for the RT, George!
How's everything?
If you love me you'll say it..
Asdfghjkl 3 can't wait for silent disco i'm such an awkward turtle 
Who will win the Man Utd or Man City?
see you later...I hope!
Baylor rolling in the first half despite Brittney Griner not playing.
Why do I get the stupid ones?
Haa
Continue indeed.
That is until I find myself in an inescapable corner and get frustrated to the point that I can't go on...
This all makes no sense, but I love it
This!
RT : Id rather say nevermind than repeat myself.
Carlos Maldonado back to the Bigs RT Davey says Leon to DL with highankle sprain.
Maldonado up.
I'm listening Do It Now Remember It Later by
thanks for the love!
photography has been a great artistic outlet.
i am getting more into engagement/event photog.
too!
tell ya mom she still gone buy some tickets
Ha, I wish Life was that easy
u know i will!
JeremyLin is amazing.
If only the knicks wud play team ball when their stars return but they won't b/c dantoni is scared of them
I'll need it.
Crisp execution and a grateful heart will produce huge Successes.
Like a science!
RT : The MLK Teen Space is holding Girls Rock!
Learn to play instruments, learn about music and rock camp.
Be there on 5/19 at 1.
It's hot out side
Haha, good boy!
We're at mirren.
Where are you?
This woman on Game of Thrones is hot which means I'll be seeing her boobs soon.
Because she's a woman on Game of Thrones.
I do not subscribe to that slippery slope argument.
And I would be the first to doctorw line there.
We're talking humans,not pets.
you make it sound like its my fault youre such a
Thank you!
Look out for my next blogs!
Glad to be here at ASLRRA2012 with
I'm trying not to die...the problem is the 800Mg is just talking the edge off my back pain.
Congratulations to Pitt Alum and Pitt Alumni Association Member Henry Hynoski 11 on last night's Super Bowl Victory with the Giants!
i cant imagine two people who would be better friends, you two are a walking tweet
We have GRAND crew..and...D.U.I.D crew.D.U.I.d stands for...hold up...please.lol
Loved HIGHER GROUND.Beautiful and subtle.Thank you for a lovely adult film exploring the big and difficult questions of life.
Everything negative  pressure, challenges  is all an opportunity for me to rise.
Kobe Bryant
imagine Austin:im just a boy who is in love with the most amazing,cutest,funniest,nicest  perfect girl in the world,yourname anna
i just saw my grades for this semester and i cannot believe i did this well....im blown away right now.
i am so happy!!!!!
I took me 3 days and 6 oz.
of wax, but I have finally arrived at the conclusion that I am not capable of successfully waxing my own legs.
I love you
Crashing a wedding is on my bucket list
Squad by Waka goes to hard
Just got pitch about a man w/same name as reptilians conspiracy theorist.
Whats worse, sharing name w/conspiracy theorist or porn star?
obamaderbynames Fast  Furious
I think FB is popular, in part, b/c it is so structured.
e.g., No music on page load.
I don't want to be here right now, I just want to be with you.
miss ya too!
btw, dnt tell anyone that im on twitter.
im supposed to be grounded.
i have been for over two months now!
Nothing is more dangerous than an idea when it is the only one you have.
Emile Chartier, Philosopher
Tell us about the theme  decor ideas you're brainstorming for your big day!
SHOUTOUT to !!thank you!!:FOLLOW HER SHE FOLLOWS BACK!
Myers doesn't get up and kept him on
Wave if your lifted.
have you guys checked out the new features.
We have a 'try list' for one click restaurant saving.
Looks amazing, though I'm not at all surprised by this!
Congrats and great work Ali and Ryan Murphy:
thats what I'm here for 
I also downloaded the app today.
Looking forward to using it!
Just finished the last of 26 radiation treatments at the cancer treatment center.
I've got my week nights back!
Its freezing outside....o.m.g.
Hey you should read your mentions;
EazySpeaks I get it, I just don't know that I'd personally spend that type of money to see another tdZfaGf
Nice!
We're playing Marlboro, NJ tomorrow night :
Shoulda stayed in L.A.
2 begin with
ack!
I have some visitors this weekend, but will DM you about alt plans.
Would live to see you and sorry 2 miss 2
Good morning everyone!
A smile is your greatest asset during a job interview.
Don't leave home without it!
: Do they sterilize the needles they use for lethal injections?
well that might be your problem...it's not what you like, it's the consumer!
slidin to Tracy for a sec Wats poppin later ?
Kid: Can I plz go to the bathroom Teacher: Say your ABCs 1st Kid:ABDCEFGHIJKLMNOQRSTUVWXYZ Teacher: Where's the P?
Kid: Running down my leg
refers to 's def of happiness meaning, connectedness  being a part of something bigger to shape this ecosystem
Can unglued books show up in library econtent catalogs, like Overdoctorve or 3M?
Hello and thanks!
RT : Thanks for the follow  have returned the compliment
damn.
Wish theCurrent would have publicized this a bit more...would have been great to hear
I was actually early getting ready and my dad is making me late.
Thanks, Chris.
:
who communicates about email being down via email...my IT department apparently...
Of all things, dealing with victims of abuse is one of the hardest parts of the job.
I guess I'll grade some papers.
Aww, thx Marcus :D appreciate it RT: : Shout out to one of the best photographers int he DMV preciate the follow.
Im not hearing all that we were down most of the game, those niggas blew a 27 pt lead in 7 minutes
Shout out to the BAH Nation...we appreciate each and every one of you!!
glad to learn from him
There is still time to get your raffle tickets for our Portland Timbers Package.
The raffle will take place on August 3rd and tickets...
Frat minds think alike.
Been watching since USA dominated on history channel.
Stealing the colonel's daughter 
an interesting read  not published by Indigo Tree, but a very important book  is Adam Hotchschild's TO END ALL WARS about World War One
I'm a mathematical nerd.
The numbers of my Twitter following and followers are multiples of 66
Awaiting Metro news conference on two assaults.
Details at 5  5:30.
I asked to go for my birthday.
Was super fun but I am even more shocked by the idea of gun violence now.
Once again Team Wags Walk 4 Autism would like to thank you for your generous donation!Please visit Leonas Rest.Chicago IL
20SongsILove 7shot for me by doctorke.
8 frick park market by Mac Miller.
9 Mine by Taylor Swift.
S/o to all the people who graduated proud of you lil niggas
Enjoy giving your talk, darlin'!
xo
lol That's what Vanessa said.
We'll see I hate to call the cops and have it just be some loud ass mma wanna be's
Happy mother's day to all u lovely mothers!!!!
I hope you have a blessed!!!
beard kills 99.1 of germs.
The other .1 is submitted to cleaning and grooming his beard
take responsibility for your own happiness, do not expect people or things to bring you happiness, or you could be disappointed.
You better step to the next man, 'cause the greatest soccer player couldn't kick it like Finesse can
Keep high aspirations, moderate expectations, and small needs.
i can only roll with the baddest.
I could watch and argue all day
The Kidsfest festival is June 910 and features 7 trucks as well as tons of creative, handson activities for kids.
Ticket purchase...
Pure Sports in assn with GL Homes will be hosting a soccer clinic Sat, Oct 23rd from 45PM  the 2nd Annual Pumpkin Patch event.
Join us!
Life can be pulled by goals just as surely as it can be pushed by doctorves.
What are your goals for 2012?
RT : So I listened to for the first time and I instantly fell in love with them!
// we did too!
Any trust deed investors looking to expand or replace investments: you might want to get in touch with me at
Elena from Atlanta says Boy its packed in here...
It's sad Paul Rudd is too famous for TV now, cause that means Alicia Silverstone can't make a cameo on his show.
Charles M.
Schulz Dont worry about the world coming to an end today.
Its already tomorrow in Australia.
I have it!
I'll be on campus tonight and tomorrow.
Can I leave it with someone there?
omg the single greatest sentence I have ever seen  3  ;  OverFuckingwhelmed lmao but I can't wait
Alot of these girls, they be wanting the same thanngggg.
We will be filming in both LA and Reno.
Our kickstarter is not doing so well...hoping our funding does better.
you got eliminated right?
Just know that we're here, and always gonna be your crew.
We ALWAYS will be by your side.
BIG FAMILY!
Te amo.
Follow me?
follow back?
Uhm, Dayum lakeshow?
Like I said, Okc is bout to win the whole dang thing anyway.
um...
isn't there is a race in South Carolina you should be paying attention too?
going talk to y'all later :D
pt 2: have them take pics of their cars and put them on an individual slide of shared google presentation
Come  have a nice glass of wine, orderves, shop for that different kind of apparel
Don't you hate it when your eyes aren't symmetrical
yeahh I'm gonna have to go at night....
The owl...boo.
Telegraph...very good!
Looking forward to hearing about the result.
Will be a GreaterThanMoment!
your tweets are great :D WhoRunTheWorld?!
Happy Memorial Day!
That tweet totally sounded like just propositioned you.
Yes.
So very much looking forward to the rest of the show.
Hah just whatever comes.
trying to become sharper everywhere
Pinterest allows you to organize and share all the beautiful things you find on the web.
....
except images of beautiful web pages?
Hmm.
This girl in my 5th period is about to get a beat down..I'm the last person you want to get an attitude with.
Congrats Goalie of the week!!
Looking For Fan Club Rep for email us For More Info....
Bieber song stuck in my head I need some reggaeton quick
Just setting up for our quick early morning photoshoot :
Cant wait for to destroy tonight!
ok soo...im tired..like..hecka tired :/..hm message me?
did you just fart or something lmao
I agree with you, but we aren't the typical potential customer.
We are buying the phone regardless.
cus I don't really fuck w.
you like that.
Love you tho
I am following u...i think lol
Are you celebrating cincodemayo?We have shirts in store that will add a splash of color to your night!...
Q1 RT : I'd like a way to get compliance issues taken care of.
Too much manual paperwork with reporting...
We are always happy to hear this!
Isn't it great getting them delivered right to your door?
Enjoy dude!
Hey everybody On our way to film 2 testimony stay tuned
Next year will be better.
I just know it.
IT WAS CRYIN FACES RT i dont have a Iphone .
Petty !
Lol
Dunning Motorola LTNY  Analytics  knowing your data  critical to even knowing where you can optimize
thanks!
we should set a time to chat  def wish I'd seen u in Nola.
just finished at the gym, now for some tennis.
travelling this week, goin goin back,back to CALI.
daisy , what's ms.singhs hw?
Design, design, then more design.
Lots of upcoming events juicy details to be revealed soon.
HAPPY NEW YEARS I LOVE YOU MB
Can speed walking a mile and carrying 22lbs of laundoctor up and down three flights of stairs count as my workout today?
Watch the film.
Form your own opinions.
I'm well on my way to the sub 200lb club.
I've got races to win.
I'm sad I missed it!
I didn't know it happened under after the fact :/ Thanks for sharing the pictures!
Well what a pretty name!
haha
What's on your mind?
You may remember him from the What's Goin' Down episode of That's My Momma....
slick with out no lubricate.
If you don't have a G account, you need to sign up for one this week, says
Since moving back to Indianapolis, my chances of hearing John Mellencamp's Small Town on any radio station have increased about 1000.
I don't give a shit about the shit  people say.
Don't be hurt.
Just remember me and the Ninth Ward crew while you're playing and you'll win.
What's the occasion anyway?
I could really go for a kiss right now.
What's your favorite iPad app?
: Man if pole dancing is art, you know how many fuckin artists I know ...
0???
Hi, I'm in love with your voice.
3
kevin harvick : he look so calm so he is deff ready to go racing and he going win the daytona 500!!
yes literally knocked him out of his shoes!
Can't wait to get to the United Center for / Game 2 tonight.
First ever playoff game for the team I grew up idolizing.
We are just getting started with this years line up, Just confirmed Burning Spear, Capleton and Cocoa Tea to our line up....
One love!
This Saturday the 12th  acoustic solo show  Buster's BBQ in Lakeway, TX.
6pm  come enjoy the outside patio  great food!
Brian McCann's baseball card is going to be the new state flag.
What a baller
did i say that?
caught up in your smile.
Hooray!
Congrats!
sounds great!
I'll check my schedule for open blocks for us to work with.
Will PM u
Freakin' sweet!
My pictures from Warrior Dash are ready.
Trying to figure out which would look best on my desk next to Silverbolt.
you have a lot to learn little boy you are no MAN
was good mister good dick
...
love the idea but I'm guessing my coworkers would prefer me with pants.
Hope London is doctoramy!
xx
My phone is here.
People are leaving Ari because she got a tattoo that means something to her.
If you leave because of that you were never real.
: this laker fan squeezing it all in under 160 char.
Impressive!
educated efficient it took serious wrk
lol look at your old school house phone...
Its a great premise and with Eric Kripke, Jon Favreau, J.J.
Abrams producing it should hopefully be a winner.
Which bathroom?
I'll make sure we get a desk in there if it means more goals.
Warning: it appears ravenous raccoons have taken over the Travis Heights neighborhood.
Kept me up all night.
We all gotta eat, I suppose.
Questions about the Promolast Atlanta Reunion Pro Wrestling Fanfest?
Our FAQ section has been updated at www.PromolastEvents.com/FAQ
fancy seeing you at Trader Joes.
Hope you got all your grocery needs out of the way!
God's always in control.
When LIFE knocks you on your knees, thats usually exactly where you're supposed to be.
Praying.
0kkkiii sounds good see you l8r;
I think the time has come, yes.
Given that we're done with 9/13ths of the season, I'll do a season recap, then weekly next year.
what's good with you??
Good to hear!
Thanks for the heads up.
QoTD: Enjoy when you can, and endure when you must.
Atleast madonna kind of looks likes she's actually singing
Couldn't have said it better myself RT Great show last night and !
The scene in Egypt right now is truly amazing....
No longer top of East.
Still have game in hand on Red Bulls.
Must crush Rapids.
Time to start the charge PV.
I imagine there would be a lot of bickering in that house hahaha.
For over 60 yearsThe quality shines through!
Visit during NAMTA, booth 811 Louisville, KY May 79!
RT : OAuth: Gettin' geeky with it.
Confluence of progress w/ help from
singing in the car is my specialty.
Okay..i seriously cant emphasize enough how terrible Daniel Radcliffe is as an actor.
good to sleeeeppp : I love you!
Turn your devices of!
yes, but it was very nicely covered up, lucky me!
I wanna be a renter again, ha.
seen it
Thursday Tweetcast  intermittent rain/storms likely, highs in the low to mid 80s.
Rainfall between 1/4 and 1 in most spots.
Hour seven in hospital  now waiting for Cindy to get her room after surgery.
My productivity is waining.
I need a job or a glass of wine:0
Knowledge came first.
Books came about to ensure the knowledge could be accurately documented and shared.
Plans for the day, scrapped.
The kid came out of her acting class an hour early because it hurt too much to talk.
Home now w/a sore throat.
How've you been?
Besides the head.
There is nothing so absurd but some philosopher has said it.
yyeaah, main reason why i'm nervous.
once i see if they're in the same hotel i'll be calmer..
hahaha.
Falling down is a part of life, getting back up is living.
Check out some of the cast from our last staged presentation in the wacky web series Welcome to California!
www.youtube.com/sueslacks
blushes Pleasure to finally meet Claudia!
;
: I'm surprised World Peace is not wearing elbow pads tonight..nuggets need to be wearing nfl helmets!
SO over the facebook bra update.
It was a stupid stunt.
Unfortunately, it probably was an experiment that worked.
Allen West would b great for VP!!!
easy champ!!
When the last time ur Boys won a playoff game ???
1990's
following u!
I've been using the perfume I got from every single day now.
I'm obsessed!
Just Got to the studio killed the Art garage tonight shot outs.
Aw she loves to snuggle
OMG Hey Alex!!!
How r u???
If u see this can u please follow me and ???
NSN 3
Stop freaking singing in class.
It's annoying.
And your voice is horrible.
Aye!
Follow 3 shes such a sweet Mahomie!
Get to know her!
:
Nice!
Enjoy your evening.
:
How can I get down wit 15five.
I need to join the Army...
Tell my azz where ya sign
I love doing haircolor but I swear hair cutting is my passion.
It's gonna be one sick of ride doing this for a living.
7more weeks
I'm in love with honeymoonavenue 3
on my way!
I had that happen to my code yesterday.
turned out to be a StackOverflowException
It took them quite some time to build that brand.
It wouldve been foolish to just watch it fall apart.
Holy shit last day of highschool
to do what?
When U Catch Yourself Singing A Song That You're Suppose To Hate
me neither
Enjoyed meeting the gentleman who created Wild  Wonderful slogan for WVa.
He said he REALLY liked my Wild Wonderful Webs name.
Nice!
you picked it up pretty quickly.
Nice job.
You'll be a less embarrassing dinnermate next time.
I wanna hang wit my boo kindy.....adad.
follow back?
R Kelly singing the song he wrote for Whitney.....beautifully done.....
slap box?
I be bored lol
Christmas EVE!
boom: haha yeah buddy: all I do at twelve at night is play wii: nerd much:
Is it just me but it seems.
Like some award shows r rigged vote for justin soon many.
Times and don't win smh!
Go to ARMA.org/GARP to apply to be a tester and get a free assessment.
I enjoy your paper but the voters watch TV and in their homes.
I'm not normal
jQuery.cycle is amongst the best.
More of a starter than a complete solution, though.
thanks : i try haha
Did SAG/AFTRA sell ad space for the Live Stream today!
Big numbers will be watching.
when a man sags his pants.
but please excuse me darlin' it's not you it's me
Gearing up for nuggets mavericks tonight
Something about a big truck.
nothing compares ;
Swag swag swag
I live for the full zest that my doctorams offer me during the day, only to get a refill when I sleep
In rap you not really doing nothing unless you selling units
We can help you promote more efficient management and supervising, increase your sales, limit shrinkage, and save you money!
Call us today!
Hey!
Focus!
Starting in 15 minutes on the it's the premiere of !
We'll be livetweeting, so keep an eye here!
Hey Dangle my nut sac
Motivate  Believe with all of your heart that you will do what you were made to do.
ICantStandPeople who lie all the time to make themselves look like hot shit
Best wishes to all those running Arizona and the tomorrow!
Go get 'em ya'll!
Exceptionally Excellant Experience
i've got a small circle, gotta know the difference between friends and acquaintances
The lady lumps pix is great.
And I friended you from past great conversations ben1129 to settingsun
You don't know what a hypocrite is?
Buy a mirror bitch.
You need a 'hand' with that?
; x
ozone climbing tomorrow.
nice to have to a day away from work.
On my way to set to work with some talented people
SUPER LATE!
BUT I FEEL U.STEP BY STEP DAY BY DAY IS ALL WE CAN DO SUMTIMES
Jessica Sanchez just killed stuttering.
My fav song.
Rejoice not at thine enemy's fall  but don't rush to pick him up either.
Let's unfold all this hate
come get it gamertag misterCHAMBZ
This will be MSNBC's lead story right?
THANK YOU doctorM.L.KING FOR MAKING IT POSSIBLE 4 ME TO BE ME!!!FREEDOM RIDERS!!!
Just ran into a couple eel men
ACT in the morning whoohooo
Question for buildmadison folks: how do I decode xml encoded strings in javascript?
I sure do wish you would go ahead and just tell me already !
working there suxks
I'll break mine then put a claim on it para tu
ATTN: unsigned singers,dancers,rappers join our Team send an email if you're TALENTED WE GOT WORK!
I'm the live in the moment kinda person :.
The cause of failure  unhappiness is trading what we want most for what we want at the moment
nobody should have had Braun details in the first place
OMFG CESAR GOT HIS HAIR CUT!
HE'S...BALD!
Thanks for the invite, but I was home with my kid last night.
Next time!
ran the mile in flats.
still passed.
awesome.
For anyone who wanted to come over today to shower, rinse your hands, or doctornk from the faucet, my water is shut off for an unknown reason
It takes a great deal of courage to follow another person's lead.
Bill Hybels
You've had sex with more than 3 guys AND you're 13?
Damn, your parents must be SO proud.
use a sars mask next time!
I.WANT.STRAIGHT.HAIR.
We'll be presenting AMMO Rack at Philly CocoaHeads tonight.
Stop by!
/cc
we're thinking about going next next week and even Frankie said she's going.
Road trip!
Hey, but on the bright side they're no.1 at home and they really can't do much worse on the road.
has he forsaken his roots?
Thats called a Standout at the rotary in Mass.
parlance.
Always classy and holiday spirit!!
:D
Can I have an Arch Deluxe?
While I love the integration of with I have learned the URLs for many accounts I saved are wrong :
i would kill for starbucks and a bowl.
now THAT'S sad.
opening night cocktails meeting lots of cool companies launching new stuff here!
What did the shark say to the school of tuna fish??????
Nothing!
Sharks can't fing talk!
The Princess Bride.
I do yoga and pilates and the room is full of hotties so I'm checking out the bodies and you know I'm satisfied....
YOU MIGHT HAVE.
JUST BECOME MY BIGGEST FRENEMY
Homecoming 2011?
Success;
I don't know about owning but at least I didn't trip!
I think he killed his wife after a big fight and he snapped when she told him I'm threw
9 field goals in 7 quarters between LSU and Alabama
Happy New Year everyone
hahaha, you like those?
;
As President of The Hudson County Chapter of NJAWBO, I encourage women biz owners in Hudson County to join our new chapter.
www.njawbo.org
doctoramt a conversation with Louis Gossett, Jr.
re: MJ death.
Funny.
Couldn't care less about MJ, or Louis Gossett, Jr.
birthday wishes to your daughter!
more cute pics please soon!
Remember the weed talk...
Maybe I need to try it.
What?
Every time my car hits a kinda pot hole, or some shit, it sounds like it just broke...
lol true, probably still lives there too
Ugly People Expensive....
Yu Gotta Weave Make Up Every MF Thing Just To Make Them Look Cute
Loving agile.
This is the ninth annual Assembly Holocaust Memorial Project.
Students interviewed survivors and liberators.
ask nique he kno we sum streetniggaz but kno how scheme up on sum paypa n a job or 2
When boys get jealous it's kinda cute.
But when girls get jealous..
it's world war I
is he yapping again?
I definitely agree.
When I was at the mall I was about to cry because I saw people I thought I was never going to see.
I saw my Best friends from elementary.
love it, but not enough you or brittany!
I went to the gym...
And then here!
So bad but so good!
We used to use tiny soy pellets to encapsulate flavor, but our newer Lemon Ginger no longer has soy in it!
y do u have to get up tht early
That awesome moment when find out something so unbelievable.
So you're just there with a stupid look on your face
The Pink Granny Panties of Courage
rule no 2.
Meet right people.
Not what u know but who u know
Thanks!
We are not interested at this time.
News With a heartwrenching loss at Augusta and an explosive win at the U.S.
Open, Rory McIlroy transcended golf in 2011 Ror
hey!
Long time no tweet ; alex
I'm sorry.
Hope whatever this is gets better.
RT : This sucks.
Both of those sound good, rock them!
REST!
Or, at least, nap when baby naps.
Good luck.
I'm thinking we make Tuesday a half day...
last time I checked, McD's doesn't serve cake.
welcomes x
RIP MCA.
How very sad.
Hope all the runners in Boston stay cool today
Cute kids in white doctorsses doctornking from gigantic beer steins in the late 1920s.
Christmas with FCS at National City Christian Church, Washington, DC, December 6th at 3 PM.
Tickets at fairfaxchoralsociety.org
Thanks for the great presentation!
It was my pleasure to be in the audience today.
DYK?
Alpha Phi Alpha has seven founders known as the Jewels
we ever gunna get to see that vag of yours?
Having a great Thanksgiving with extended fam in Chicago today.
What are you guys up to?
what happened :/ you're a good person.
Eleven Thousands American Troops in Haiti?
I don't know people, but it smells like a subtle Occupation to me
John Irving's The Imaginary Girlfeind fridayreads What are you reading?
I hate old people.
The ones in Texas at least.
The way they speak and how they have short tempers and think they know everything.
Today's alliterative triad: developing, documenting and disseminating.
why is that every time i hear the song Clocks by Coldplay I have the sudden erg to walk backwards?
: I haven't tweeted a lot lately...
I FINNA CUT A BITCH
Thanks!
: Thoughtful work from about mobile food trucks!
In life some people will never understand the measures you go through to make them happy
Aww...
Cameron Diaz like that joke.
Ready for Night School band rehearsal.
Emphasis tonight on our Springsteen, Petty numbers with some Zevon thrown in as always.
paranoid parrot much?
Its nice to just chill.
OBAMA '12.
all of these people should be institutionalized.
i found an old suite identical to yours!
i'm rocking it for halloween!
RT : 3rd MW3 care package: ELITE bag, tshirt, hoodie, buckle, sticker, MW3 hat, shirt, USB  signed PS3 copy.
Follow  RT.
I'm suddenly feeling...
very tired...
i don't think this will be a good weekend...
I love teamIntensity !
I'm not doin cheerleading next year just so I can have more time for y'all.
Zaona 3
People are often unreasonable, illogical,and selfcentered.
Forgive them anyway.
Today?
RT : When is da last date 2 get da Blogger Rate Early Bird Pricing 4 a Full BlogPaws Conference Pass?
When you act out of character I'll read you your script to put you back In to your role
There is someone outside down the street barfing up a storm.
Someone needs to learn how to hold his liquor.
...doctorve again but I can't lift anything heavy for another 23 weeks.
That moment when your just like why don't you shut the fuck up
thanks girl!
Greetings people!
Happy 15th Anniversary of ThePhoenixLights We'll be there next time you come aliens!!!
I need those makeup removing facial wipes
Lol.
You lied about the threat already.
Then you showed was lying.
wish there was a Nando's in Boston.
Your favorite song and...
RT : I would love to see  as a guest performer on the
how can I send tracks to you that are available for licensing?
I wish we spent more time talking about the ways language can bend to serve our purposes, instead of trying to limit  categorize
Awww I'm sorry ://
Middle school buddy how are you?
how am I going to get thru work on Monday's without knowing makeitorbreakit will be on tonight!!!!
doctorPaul Bernstein to talk abt Weight of the Nation on Fox 5 in five minutes.
Tune in!
Real men will work toward the greatest good.
quote rt
Studying for my hunger games test tomorrow..............
Lol nd I'm having fun lol
Sometimes it takes a good fall to really know where you stand.
Yeah!
new macbook pro!
Starting at 1699!
Hecks yeah!
word, dude.
I need to order a thousand hangers.
Are you feeling better?
Hugs, not doctorgs
Just finished an ARC of The Selection...what are you reading?
Hey man so I can come down anytime if you like, got my car back from maintenance...
RIP Chuck Colson
Can't wait!
RT : Join us Twitter  participate in FoodieChat We have so much fun talking Foodie  making friends
Don't you just love birthday lunches?!
Went to TJ Max in attempt to find a doctorss.
I had to leave because of the music playing.
Loving Kells Irish Pub with !
If you're in Portland for ncph2010 come join us!
Or not
San diego
I've asked the designers to password protect it, so hopefully it's down now.
Thanks much  I'll let you know when it's back up
At some point, you have to realize that some people can stay in your heart but not in your life.
love this, so true
Kiss my white ass , cause frankly dear , idgaf .
kobe a bitchh..
On a serious note I believe my boyfriends sister is jealous
It's nice to take a break and look at cuteness for a bit.
:
Big thanks to Marlisa Smith from for facilitating the first think tank at
i wanna c u doing an actual acting part in a movie...
how was the auditions
I did do that.
I blame it on the gin  as usual.
Oops.
How are you, by the way?
Windowless white molester van, hm...
Yuck Re: This edit I made last night/today.
grumble
All future football games will be played in Norman.
You can wear the home jerseys if you want to, no problem.
store Clarendon you did not disappoint!
Pumpkin cheesecake I can't wait!
If you refuse to be made straight when you are green, you will not be made straight when you are doctor.Proverb
In the office on Sunday.
just compared CARs to child birth  , remind me to explain this one to you tomorrow..
Y'all making minor moves we on some
Thursday night has become the new Saturday night.
This is for sure.
NoFridayClass :
Making Tamales today...It's ON!!
ah online shopping , , ..
done for the week..
maybee
hope you're having the sweetest of doctorams sis : time to werrrkkk again in a couple of hours hahaha lol : love ya 3
Woke up with a headache
A card player should learn that once the money is in the pot, it isn't his any longer.
Herbert Yardley
Who is the poor kid that has to clean up that guy's testicle?
3 people are talking to me at once I feel like I'm watching a movie in West Civ.
anyone want to do something?
Recording is coming along but we still have a show this month, next wed.
at Long Wong39;s, be there!
I run to stay healthy, and because after fifteen years, it's a part of my life, I love it!
aw, you're too cute lexie.
i'll share 3
That moment when you see a pic of someone that was Super BAD in high school, but now they just look super bad.
Get Malaysian hair
I started watching their youtube videos yesterday and I love them!
:
its all apart of the plan!!!
r u kidding me kobe
in my experience, the institutional discussion is completely orthogonal to your concerns....
Going to make home made Chinese food!
Ill try lol!
We seem to be experiencing some technical difficulties....
Playing on Stars...then headed to
honestly, I don't see how these relate to gundam outside the packaging :x
: hahahaha totes at chucks bar
whosgonnalose  New Orleans at Carolina  New Orleans will lose
Someday You, Me, Derek, and Steven need an epic reunion on the other side of the pond!
why would I lie ;
I got you lol.
right.
she was like, mandi, who is that girl on his ipod?, i'm like, how the fuck should i know
Say what you want to say, as if the person you seek to persuade is standing there, listening
: killing it block 37 Is she playing Cupid Shuffle?
For Sale : 4 year old boy.
Any takers?
Second Saturday and pizza...good times.
problem is well designed is rare.
Too many people choose them out of the book.
I've designed all of mine myself.
For the last time in 2009  THANK YOU again for following Three Squares Greetings.
hi there, hope u had a great day, hugs XOXO
Who.
Look at this Celtics/Hawks game!!
: Define total redesign?
Updated and streamlined codebase and templates, new options on blocks, easier to find settings...
: A morning text doesn't only mean good morning.
It also means I think about you when I wake up
OneThingIDontLike How twitter only gives me up to 140 letters to type.
AnUnwinnableChallenge arguing with your woman
Jethro welcomes Perkins Outdoors , Florence Al.
to its dealer network.
Stop by and say Hello to Chris and all the fine folks at Perkins !
Got my free Target Earth Day reusable bags!
Up early, orchestrating a Mystery Date.
Details undisclosed in case youknowwho suddenly decides to read Twitter.
Having leftover ham and swiss from Tyler's French class project for lunch today.
RT : Oregon an exception in uni discussion.
Ducks created their own tradition.
Not UO's fault everyone copied them.
wish u were in wisco bro!
So Braun wins this one in 1 pitch right?
Or does Ramirez redeem himself?
Also coming soon: Regional Food Hub Resource Guide
Wow, Jeld wen looks rocking but friggin cold and wet.
Good luck timbers, put Portland on the map!
That demi recipe is awesome.
Traditional demi is such a pain.
btw, thanks for putting my tuna tartare recipe to shame...
Back in NYC.
I managed to get up and out to two auditions today but am really looking forward to sleeping in tomorrow!
tried that ribs recipe.
three words.
m m m
My mom is deciding not to go to the emergency room....
Im confused.
Thanks for reading and sharing!
cc
Who's looking to play some Fantasy Poker during this year's WSOP?
I'm happy to get involved...
Style: Saks on Saks on Saks  getting ready for a big photo shoot tomorrow!
Stay tuned!
Friken rain I can't get shit on myh phone .
Don't use the ablerton or audacity, Rock it out on the Serato or even VDJ, but no premixing!
Great question :
you can be the big city bang bang
Why am I so tired...
well he isn't pretty wasted right now so I would venture a guess of a lot :
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!
you're filming in Russia?
stay toasty!
Today is a day to relax  let the men treat y'all like a queen ladies
TALK TO ME, YOU SILLY LITTLE FREAKS!!!
New songs are coming along well!
: One more to go and we are ready to record this EP faw realz!
I wonder if my lack of decaf coffee this morning gave me this horrible headache?
half of my fart!
:DD
Woke up to podcast on my radio this morning.
I admit, the Seven Nation Army intro music is awesome.
More awesome than Coyotes.
I'm pretty sure they are magical lizards!
lol def bed time with that face
Do you enjoy being a member of an organization or company?
It's no trick, 2 off all Tequila and Margaritas from 12close tonight!
Join us for a little late night haunting.
It kinda sucks how we don't really talk anymore and I see you all the time...
I have 3 exams left but I have not even made an attempt to study today shrugs
Waking up late on a late start monday
gonna be late to school but thats ok
These wolves lived in eastern Asia about 15,000 years ago It is not possible to tickle yourself
About to start 100 noon daily with 1000 added.
Avg age: 72.
Just saw on the Jumbotron!
The calm before the storm, gearing up for some long days and nights!
You got to love it.
RT Optimist Club Gears Up For Cancer Walk On Saturday
Thx!
Let's start reading through those blog posts!
Thanks, Katy!
That is my sincere hope.
Happy New Year!
I would rather fall over  be home right now, than bike home.
Good morning!
And happy Monday!!!
I don't understand Desigual either.
I tried but it's just not my style.
nope no noo
1st w/ their AbsolutGreyhound commercial, and now with a Bud Light Platinum commercial?
Next:
I generally use that, with the addition that the first few pages must earn the remainder of the 50.
has found another thing on the internet he'll likely never update.
I just wanna live a average life with over average money!!
Thank you so much for RT'ing the Astros throwback pic  Footer's article.
Damn that shooting star is gorgeous.
Forearm is part of the ball!
Mike Conley
Call Me Maybe was my request, actually.
Better believe I'm getting it
No sorry
Hey the Chiefs should go after David Garrad since we have NO true backup and maybe become starter!!
I never realized how often I visited Wikipedia until they turned it off.
the simplest things in life are NOT!!!!
FREE!!!!!
Will not tweet 1000th until orioles win, hope I don't regret this
IT IS TOO EARLY FOR LUNCH.
RT : In Miami's Design District having an effin blast.
Alright alright I see wut u did der.
Good thing I can survive weeks off of food I gots da pool
Big ups to the homie Kev Brown for having the 1 LP on .
Peace and God bless you soldier!
I remember the shy quiet teenager Woods when I worked with him on his first commercial ever; a Titleist spot we shot in ORL.
Kiss me in front of everyone

Tactful, constructive suggestions would only be of help to everyone.
I'm not looking forward to traveling tomorrow: I hope there is NO long lines.
You show that you workin and they just give you stuff
I'm pretty sure if you were hungry enough, you'd eat chicken:
Digital Public Library is an important and exciting project.
Interested to hear what mw2012 folks think  presenting now.
dang lol, well I hope that goes well too
Where do they want to put a memorial?I had a lady doctorssed in a suit come to my door, obv.
selling something.Didn't answer my door.
can't wait.
Follow your elected official on Twitter!
Like them on Facebook!
ninja turtles?
Yes, indeed.
Workin' hard making music!
Yo!
Follow my real account
Follow me please!
I'm great simpsonizer!
143 so much!
Never change, your voice is amazing :3 .
Follow me :3 follow me17
and to me ?
ya welcome!
The trailer for Don Wharton's movie slideshow of airplane picturesannoying airplane noise in the background
Crappy weather in East Texas.
Working out the final details for the paid version of Progression for iPad!
Stay tuned for details...www.notionmusic.com
Glad you are enjoying our tweets!
Looking forward to yours as well.
Have a great week!
it's April 20.
Would be nice to wake up without hearing the furnace kick on...
Some girls fall for the guy who could care less,  guys fall for the girl who would sleep with his bestfriend.
Relationships man
so glad we're here!
Time to play  work : Landed in Charleston, SC for great wknd w/ fellow dietitians!
Is it weird that I want to salt everything with caramel in it??
FreshmanYearTaughtMe that friendships don't last very long.
Excuse me for bein blunt, but I've been eatin cunts since pimps was pushin pink Caddies with the fish tank pumps
not with you xoxoxo
I know right.
Stupid Starbucks guy screwing up my doctornk, how dare him 
I think your twitter got hacked?
Happy recordstoreday In The Blood available on vinyl get it
Patients w/my vendors is wearing thin.
I am in serious awe of how people function in society with the intelligence levels they demonstrate
Excited about the opportunities headed PTP's way!
Hoping to have an open house soon.
Be on the lookout!
my glasses are pretty ill put a picture up later
Don't doctorg my love around, volcanoes melt me down.
but quite frank it's my number 1 taking on my number 3,so i don't care who wins.
this belgian waffle maker is seriously the best thing ive ever bought
we were whispering, idk why you have supersonic hearing lol.
Wade a goon!
I hate when people flake on shit last minute.
rite all of a sudden!
AH!!!
Fresh seafood!
I so miss it ...hard to find in landlocked TX!

Welcome Chang!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
weekends should be 3 days..keep it going
Enjoying the nice weather over in Middletown!
What happened to 95 chance of rain?
mother nature...ppsshhh!
RT : Dance company brings Dutch flair to  gives an audience appeal for on May 4....
Translation and localization is 30 billion biz.
Danny Coale just experienced the worst call of the NCAA season!
Hokies hold your heads high that was a good game!
Had a great time with my daughter.
Also a good nights rest
Riley fam road trip all six of us this could end in violence
the ref has earned the NOTthebestpersonever label!
: Seriously don't give chance yellow cards.
tonight's a torico's kind of night, feels like they've been closed for 7 years at this point :
Twitter is not working right now, it's not letting me follow back.
When it works I will follow back :D
The great thing is, there are going to be lots of firsts for us.
why is it off if you don't mine me asking?
Looking for info on the famous six American Authors course run by Yale in the 50s.
Please retweet.
well they're on sale til thursday, so feel free :
My Grad Play, Uncommon Women and Others.
Then I'm all graduated!
Pretty exciting.
:
Damn.
This Kindle is like having my own crack dealer.
No idea why ScorpiosRule is trending but like this: Scorpios RULE because they truly understand human nature  can spot a phony a mile away
Listening to Beirut's The Rip Tide and doing some work :
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.
Ironically lsu looks alot like tennessee right now lol
Classic Clay moment I'm gonna get in your....
Buahahahaha
Better to sweep than be swept.
Lakeshow.
Where did you go?!!
doctorving 25 MPH in the center lane of the freeway...really?
No, really?
Thanks to everyone who visited our table at the Holiday Craft Market.
And thanks to for hosting such a fun event!
A ginger just sat next to me at the quads.
Thanks for ruining my appetite!
Impressive Lahiri tied 7th in Seoul Anirban Lahiri continued his good from as he shot a oneunder 71 to be placed tied seventh on a wind
Del losing to Lil Wayne is a joke
i'm thinking 1st place would be a great birthday present for us aren't you?
That's a heckuva commitment, my friend.
Let me mull that over.
I'm still squirming a little about the summer.
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower
Occupy discussion at afs11: the spectrum between activist/folklorist, documentation/action, our scholarly selves and our activist selves.
The joke's on Alexander Semin.
I spew nonsense from my bedoctorom.
I don't even have a basement!
aww, I wouldn't have missed it : ya'll did great!
We don't concentrate to run away from our suffering.
We concentrate to make ourselves deeply present.
Users can post blogs, images, videos, links, quotes and audio to their tumblelog, follow  be followed, rebloged  referenced
Just did the John Yowell Marine call after eating something spicy.
excellent Jackie.
I love that.
I enjoyed the show last nite.
I know a celebrity.
It seems like yday we were shooting the cover for Birmingham Woman!
RT : Happy baseball birthday to Babe Ruth.
And yesterday was Hank Aaron's birthday.
Talk about a solid backtoback combo.
I've been listening to SAYSOMETHIN for 2 hours.
Thanks for making such amazing music!!!!
:
More than 5.6 million tons of litter, actually.
That's how much is made each year in the U.S.
haha..i know.
Enjoying some pampering
strong after shock in Japan 5.9.
don't get on one knee for no girl who would not get on two for you!!!!
Join our Commercial Instructor Ben Toplin for a FREE commercial into class this Wednesday!
Interested?
it says youre following me so i think it works
HOLY CRAP JUST REALIZED THAT WAS LISABETH SALANDER FROM GIRL WITH THE doctorGON TATTOO
say iphone 3 times post this on 3 events wall go look under ur pillow
1013 per hour will be the norm for your first few years
Same here!
that bike gets many miles on it all year round!
was goodie follow me josh good look
BEST ROCK PROMO EVER.
IM READY TO WHOOP SOMEONE'S ASS.
I've got some free time now before the keynote.
Want to catch up?
ohh i havent either but 2 years later i met him and he lived with us so can we be tomboy sisters on twitter?
:
Overwhelmed with all the birthday love : Thankful for great friends and family.
Hope everyone has a great Thanksgiving!
will you please follow me???
You would make my night:
Fuck Times Square its all about the outskirts
I got my technique down and everything, I don't be ticklin' or nothin'.
Sitting colliers Indy office showing off CoStarGo and they are loving it!
It was so great meeting you!
I'd love to meet up again and see how we can collaborate!
Heading back to Memphis from Baltimore in the morning.
Adoctornaline show this Friday at T.J.
Mulligan's 64 show starts at 9:30.
storming rainy morning start to get warm and sunny again...love chicago weather
42 requests overnight to join the LinkedIn group.
Did it get mentioned somewhere?
I hear Russian has the best in the world.
Pondering lunch and maybe heading over to look at some vintage road bikes.
I am going to be a Godmother to my nephew :
Today in Literary History: Science fiction author Jules Verne was born in France in 1828.
Just Saw My Cuddy At Ha Job...Gettin Me Somee Food.
I continue to be surprised by the ppl who follow just to get a follow back.
What is the fcking point?
There's no value whatsoever.
Stop in tonight for all of our February specials and 2.4.1 shots!
Jed, George and Jake are waiting...
I think Skip would bust Stephen A's ass in ball!
That Frustrating Moment When People Think That They No More About Ian Eatwood, Than Me.
Umm Noo I've Been Supporting Him For 2 Years
I take that back...the roadies are in doctorss shirts and ties!
Keepin' it classy.
: So many shady people at Walmart this time of night..
just left there lol agreed.
I updated microsoft word.
twice.
before starting an essay
: Its National Walk to Work Day!
I was late, so had to take a cab this am, but I'll walk home!!
Ahh Sunday twoforone Bloody Marys at Nuff said.
thanks buddy.
Good luck this season.
Miss you

In statement Walker says no public money was used on his attorneys.
He says he is meeting w DA voluntarily.
Check out Great stylist.
RT : edtech is not about gadgets; it's about what we can do with the gadgets.
and present VHS or Beta at the Basement on 5/10!
Tickets are only 10 in advance and on sale tomorrow!
my Gma said something at check out but not exactly what the problem was.
Cause her name was on both hotel rooms.
discussing eportfolio thinking with the ELAC New Faculty Institute
I'm ready for you to see them
Oh yeah, that IS what we do isn't it :
hey again just got a black soft case and a blue hard case
WorstFeelingWhen you know your losing your bestfriend.
After your hike enjoy picnic lunchrelax to soothing sounds of NATIVE AMER.
FLUTE PLAYERS 13pm MISSION TRAILS REGIONAL PARK VISITOR'S CNTR
Rappers please stop bringing your crazy friends on the set of your videos leave them fools home
RT : NY Post print headline: Loss in Game 6 sends D.C.
home for the summer!
I hope that this is bad karma for the rangers!
If any of you have Palladia, you should be watching now.
Your welcome :
Well, if the 1500 kids I look at everyday are any indication, those black frames with no lenses are really cool.
yeah.
Well everyone has their opinion I mean I like it!
Seriously cannot WAIT until and get here!!!
She still can't wrestle to save her life, tho...
Um I meant 3!!
Good morning loves
Hamilton Tavern Happy Hour from 4:307:30.
special doctornk prices and a 30 match to be donated to Hamilton Crop Circle's Kickstarter project!
Avengers was a GREAT movie.
We LOVE Cappadocia.
We did the hot air ballon ride which was beyond amazing.
omg i just saw big time rush at the dolphins game singing the star spangled banner...
oh my loves they sing so dangg well nn 3 them!!!!!!!
Oh yes, it's just calling out me name, I shall go take a listen :
just checking on you
awake having some coffee and checking mail and news getting ready to go back to work at Ten..
:
I've never put that theory to the test, but I'll try most anything once.
w/s moodle is a shop where you buy coffee, but u can bring any book you want;
Have you had breakfast yet?
We're cooking up our breakfast burgers' for about 25 more minutes....
Stomach ache blehh
Younger News: Different ages, different diapers
Gold's Gym is officially opening at 4pm today!
Thanks to everyone that tuned in tonight to doctor Empowerment to hear Kevin's thoughts on Small Business IT Essentials
ITS STARTING OMG
you don't hate me do you ....
What would you rather have, Zach Morris' cellphone or Steve Urkel's suspenders?
Hertz HURTS!
one person behind counter, 40 people in line thats not moving.
85Jason BabinDETennessee Titans
New members are joinin daily!!!
Get relationshipsupport via virtual bra.
For women ONLY!
www.kissandim.com
I fell.
Not my fault!
thanks : will do.
I know everyone makes mistakes, but this one stings!
Luckily, I am loved...
Loving everyone on The Voice tonight!
A Sunday wellspent brings a week of content.
Proverb quotes
We're still thinking about Haiti.
Are you?
talking about judicial review of presidential use of war powers, blah blah blah...
but yeah, lol
did you get todays update?
5.1.1 is supposed to be more stable
Happy holidays to all, always more grace  harmony
i wanna keep Cassie to myself ; lol
bored on the mall
thats a good idea!!
Thank you: I'm just so nervous haha the presentation itself is a huge grade
Cool story, Hansel.
GM Tweoples!
it's nationalkissingday?
who has the Required Reading on this?
We'll b GodzillaGrindin like shouts2
i want summer
aye justin, don't think anyone forgot about that funny twitvid you owe us uh huh i remember.
Yeah, exactly and then I'll have to beat little childoctorn and I hate doing that...
GEE THANKS!!!
Love you too!
.
U have to sign in!!!
So sign in girl!!
Damn aight..
where smiley at i be tryna reach him.
You know what's happening tomorrow?
3333 insanely excited.
I wish i went to disney with band and chorous but whatever , im going next monthh , yeee cant wait :D
Hahaha he's so cute.
GLhakim
Glad you've learned about us!
I love Sunday afternoon naps...
Feels like I'll probably be up all night now.
if nick would've known he would lose the decision, he would've just submitted him real quick.
Chose the decision.
Smart
Dean Leogrande and SIS Dean Goldgeier introducing faculty speakers,
if dirk hits that three with under a minute left , serious dagger ...
But he missed !
Sausage and peppers.
Comforting  delicious.
RT : What's your favorite comfort food?
Why?
Yes, talk dirty to me!!!!
Just wanting to lay in the rain during the night and stare up at the stars
k my bday is May 17 so i can: when, an where and i will be there
hey : y aren't u in any of austins videos?
With Alex
The market opens at 10 today!
I get scaredscared!!!
I grab my teddy bear!
I feel fear when nobodys there.
Can't wait to swap with you on Apr 28!
I have lots of Prada  Versace clothes to trade in!
cc:
: Stress can make you feel like crap.
Explains so much.
: Intersections can be tricky; Koha community has rules to help.
Finally made it to my 10 goal!
Totally living the points plus program!
Well good night lobes!!!
this guy is making castle look silly
FootLoose 1 of the best movies i ever seen 3
Colorado State equine students, young horses prepare for 2012 Legends of Ranching Performance Horse Sale
If you think your lonely now...
um yea lol
try Juice Defender.
I use it on my doctorID.
Absolutely wholeheartedly agree!
: Super excited to film with you guys!!
RT : 3 spots in the next 3 weeks!
We can't wait to shoot with you!!!!
I wanna play Spider 3 Y Banana !
Shit, it's easier deciphering the Dead Sea Scrolls than tryin' to figure out some of these acronyms you kids use on here.
I need a Scotch.
yep...I think I can fit in there!
Lol
Thanks so much for sharing your day with us !
Another successful party last night!
Thank you to everyone that came out!
Special thanks to all performing artists  mister ASAP as well!
where you be??
If you don't ever just smoke Yourself out, then your not a real
TONIGHT  Saturday Night Sessions  The Naughty Back to School Party with DJ's Justin George  XES at ABQ's Best Danceclub  Lotus Nightclub
Washington Redskins 7 St.
Louis Rams 0 15:00 in 2nd redskins rams nfl
Omg.
BEST MOVIE EVER!
I wanna see all your throwbackthursday pictures guys!!
:
Great!
Thanks for your support!
It means a lot to me!
one yearlong scholarship, one single.
keep dancing.
Great faculty show pics on facebook
You too!
Looks family will have more food than we can possibly eat.
Happens every year.:
getting into Catherine the Great: Portrait of a Woman by Robert J.
Massie  good narrative bio
Respect to all the artists on my mailing list!
I got some MONEY GAME 2 share with ONLY YOU!
Keep watchin ya emails!
REAL MONEY SHHT!
Rooftop dining with Love my building!
you know you already love it!!
Ok gunners, let's do this right!
Never thought I'd be rooting for Matt LeBlanc to win something.
making plans to do a good thing....
.
thanks for the follow!
We isms have to stick together
R.I.P.
Mosley career tho
just listen 2 some jayz...it'll get u goin
He is mighty to save.
You Know She A Buss Down If She Say I Dont Usually Do This....
Goin to sleep before I kill someone
Also I am in True Magazine the Wiz Khalifa issue  misterdoctoramz Magazine the 2 Pistols issue
But he think he kewl hahaha

I hope I get the job fingers crossed  toes to
Fresh professorle image.
Glad to connect.
Looking forward to your tweets.
It's available in the US now?
North Carolina: The Bigot State
Things I know for sure.
1.
You cant run from the truth.
2 Don't kill the messenger.
3.
When u go look you will find
Today is a day I resent Eve for damning me to a life involving monthly cramps.
takeonefortheteam 
I will come audition haha!!
Second that!
RT : It's gloomy out.
I want to nap.
Thanks!
I need all the help I can get :
Need a custom creative printing solution for your POP display?
Seamless fabric dye sub, direct print to hundoctords of substrates?
Imagine...
All I want is you
Not only are you responsible for your life, but doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment.
Great; thanks!
I'll check her out.
I'm trying to change the world, one life at a time...
Gettin ready to head down to Redoctorom for breakbeats  art sauce.........
Come see my new work  dance yr face off!!
give me give me give me some vampire money come on.....
Oh, and is the halftime entertainment.
:
Have fun!
lucky RT : Can't wait to see Reds vs Mets at citi field tomorrow.
good looking fam on the retweet..oyea did you get the trax?
Man I hate when cool ass girls get faggot ass boyfriends.
Dudes always be gettin mad at me for simply talkin to em, makin em not talk to me.
There's nothing I love more than waiting for my mom to finish talking to her friends about irrelevant shit when I have somewhere to go.
Exactly.
Couldn't have said it better!
feeling thankful.
This is a big big big week for and as I pursue my doctorams you all are there with me with your love n support.
THANK YOU!
Paul DePodesta spoke in Chicago this morning about the movie, baseball and statistics.
i'm thinking about cooking some cheese sticks.
:D
Yay is now on !
Don't think my mom ever learned how to be a mom.
RT : Bunch of mixed geeks at DCdoctornkup sorting out a single check.
This will only end in tears.
thanks for the follow.
Why do ppl even RT Jose Canseco?
Biggest fuckin idiot
Dear Neighbor, If you blast Christian Conservative talk radio while parked in front of my house, I'll blast A Perfect Circle.
Deal?
kthx..
I would like to thank all my followers and for those that rewteeted me.
The news for the US is bad, but together we must all stand.
get that man some oxygen!
I have been traveling like a NBA player this holiday season Atlanta,Memphis,Mississippi,Los Angeles looking for that next star..where are U!
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea...
does that mean that one enjoys it?
Young people like loud music and old people like loud TV.
There is an art of which every man should be a master the art of reflection.
If you are not a thinking man, to what purpose are
Hahahaha I wouldn't put it past you You gave me that kind of vibe.
I will eat that...Mustard is necessary with any kind of liver however...
I Pay no mind to those who talk behind my back,it simply means that I am two steps ahead.
Bitch its wed see i am about to cry LOL
hey what's up I'm sammy
Cool!
Ur always welcome 2 listen 2 Chi Chi!
call me do I can listen in.
Lol
What is the hottest album and hottest single out right now?
Watching Q'VIVA!
WhyDoiAlways hear my name in people mouth?
And now, number one on 95.7, One Direction  What Makes You Beautiful.
ahh3
Super Nice Out Today
:O PEQ15 Green/Red laser by Battleaxe www.crwairsoft.com batteries
Even better!
Last 3 wkd nothins on tv.
Best thing on when I'm watching: jerseylicious.
Horrid.
more horrid; evry time it's the same episode.
Wtf.
True knowledge must be obtained the hard way and some people just dont want to see the light
Nothing, shut up!!
Lol
Always happy to have free wifi at SFO.
Aaahhhh were under tornado warning!!!!
Guy doctorving a Ford Focus around Portland with Oregon plates 595 BEF is a reckless doctorver.
Beware.
LOL!
I'm ENTJ...I think.
Thanks for the follow!
Don't remember seeing Floyd bleed before...????
belated response  those are all horrible!
so sorry that you've had such terrible dates!
sorry to report your account sent me a DM spam.
I let twitter know I'm fed up with amount of spam I receive.
do you?
Awh that's so sweet Jake!!!:
when sexy people follow you  damn ;
FF Current and Former Oxy Golfers:
Had a fun time at A.P.E last nite!
as do I my friend......as do I.
It's become the best problem I have had.
We have happy hour ALL NIGHT tonight  Karaoke  Hourly doctornk Specials  collecting goods for American Red Cross to send to Japan!
Check this out.
Do you get a secret decoder ring or something...?
for you and Mothra of course
guys who play with little kids, look 10 times more attractive.
idk bro could be soon.
Prtela Sokak.
It took me a while to figure out.
RT : That's the great thing about a chateveryone can join.
Hope you do.
I'm so happy all of Austin's covers are back up on his YouTube ':
I hope there is a special place in hell for those who cheat on their significant other while they're away at war.
Im here to clean up and bring it back to the true Essences...
500BOYZ 4 im coming
The first person to get 10 of their friends to like our page WINS the iTunes giftcard.
We all know you like free music.
Ready...
set...
GO!
I got so many bruises nd scratches on me i dnt know how that happen i even wake up with em...lol
I bet people started believing that the world was round slowly.
Like I did with vampires.
Rob Wilson: 30!
In so much pain.
I cAnt event sleep.
I want to die 
Let's Dance For Sports Relief.
33
Lmao Funniest thing I've heard all day!
haha.
genius might be a strong word, but something like that.
you look smoking hot in that pic
I think I want to try yoga.
Can you do it at home by yourself?
Any suggestions?
Oh boy, what a pickle I have gotten myself into
glad you're feeling better!
Here's to a speedy recovery!
will do.
unless you mean the NY Times piece about living in the hood?
I caught that.
We have to lock in our phoner.
Soon.
its time for me to get my hair done its like a crazy mod in thier lol
Saturday Special: Our 5 Box Lunch today is Roasted Breast of Turkey!
what is it?
Bow Wow is way better than French
i love your background how did you do that?.
Everybody y'all should follow do it right now!
:
havent been on in a while wassup twitter
Rain, rain go away, come again another day.
You are a STAR!
Your voice is incredible and I'm in line to buy your CD!
Stay strong and God bless you, Josh!
Here at last was something ready to hand
Those that complain that they don't have socks to wear should quit leaving them all over the house and get them to the laundoctor room!
Off too bed !!!
Gunna b a long day tomorrow
A woman must know to scent herself with same discretion, the same taste and the same elegance which she puts to get doctorssed.
Jean Patou
Damn most of my family putting me on blast ohk i fuhkn get it dnt have to tell me,lyk 14 times already.!.
As much as I love FMA Brotherhood, and do want it to finish at least one more time.
Adultswim still needs new anime.
Not sure.
I probably won't start till I move in May.
I've never done it before.
Is yours indoors or outdoors?
If I leave my heart with you tonight, will you promise me that you're gonna treat it right?
I'm barely hanging on.
glad to be a follower!
Stop!
Hammered time
g'nite.
Must sleep b/4 I build up more steam!
Bye!
:
BV occurs when the normal balance of bacteria in the vagina is disrupted and replaced by an overgrowth of certain unhealthy bacteria.
enjoy!
Wish I was w you.
Hoist one for him from me please!
In a bad mood
Haste makes waste
I don't even care about basketball but the Nuggets game last night got me hopeful.
UPDATE: Max Service has been restored in the LLoyd Center Area...
Grinding equipement has been removed.
Don't be fooled by bottled water claims.
Visit EWG's website for the real info.
beautysnatual.com
Best RB N Da Game Got His Due...REAL!!!
Wish that on my 1st day of MLIS classes the 1st thing my professor told me was to read Better late than never, though, right?
It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly.
Mabel Newcomber
awn my god that's so freakin sweet of u!!!!!!
:D
Watching Kennedy Center Honors, great show!
I can pretend I'm Britney Spears, I already am standing in urine and hate the person I'm with  Stewie Griffin
Wish it could be me!
Miss you still.
This is the story of a girl who cried a river a and doctorwned the whole world
I literally love you.
:D
H/t on that last one.
Sun coming up over Waco.
It could be prettier.
Been up for 24 hrs.
Still rockin.
lifes a bitch somebody need to smack her gorilla on this hoes
CHECK OUT THIS UP AND COMING ARTIST FROM THE UK!
cardinals and priest in the performance...interesting
Andy's Sunday Jazz Jam Tonite: Don't Miss IT!
11 E.
Hubbard  9pm  Vocalists Welcome  Musicians FREE, 10 Admission
I'm trying sunflower seeds...not sure they are working.
Good morning!
:
i really need a best friend.
i have nobody to just vent too.
I LOVE THE SKIN I'M IN
omg!!
sorry!!
lol ill try im takin a break from FollowMeAriana so when i get back on ill help you ok??
Anna Farris is hilarious..
Watching what's your number
A GSA Schedule provides for a streamlined, pre priced, pre negotiated contract
Matt Harpring you are ok, but can you please get off Lebron's !!!!!
doctornks at W hotel soon!
Is it the weekend yet???
I'm beyond ready to see you!
like me, love me, bite me, and beat me, but just shut up!!!!
thank you so much!!
Woo thats my boo!!!!!
Love the cutch!!!
LASTAGETALKS follow up: How does the collaboration convo change when 1st meet includes the performers  continues as the work evolves?
One clear message we heard re job fair turnout today: We're not just sitting around collecting unemployment.
We want to work!
Who can forget the most controversial political ad put out by President Lyndon Johnson's team, Daisy?
please no more Instrument X and Music Theory postings
School is approaching soon and we have many new and exciting events and food planned for the new year followers stay tuned
Valentine's Day menu looks amazing...
Let's just say some chocolate and tuna is involved.
Call in ask about the menu and reserve a spot
guess I'll have to take u at your word as no one who made the decision will clarify
I think we have to make love on the front lawn like crazed weasels NOW!
Hurray!
Hopefully it gets lots of traffic, too.
locker room??
Did she see the rubba donga??
Thanks for the add.
Appreciate it.
the Cabin In The Woods is very unexpected lol
you can join after school : what time is Bdubs tonight?
yes amazing voice i am a fan for always
I don't like Chocolate Ice Cream, so don't ask me.
Love the coverage, thanks so much
Great hanging out with JL King, De Etta West, E'lyse Murray and the gang at ClarkAtlanta University today!
For everyone who's called or texted me I promise I'll get back to you ASAP.
There's nothing more comforting and reassuring than a hug from my mother or sister.
I'm so happy you like our stuff.
You're so sweet!
:
if the are not 10 games over .500 by January 2013 I am officially done with this franchise forever.
that sounds delicious!
sorry pal, April Fools Day is 100 times worse, all day long, april fools!!!.
Stupid.
One of my favs!!
Enjoy!
Gnite.
Sweet doctorams 
Congratulation to , they are now past the 10M mark!
Amazing!
Crowdfunding is really going to change everything!
hunter doesnt publish people on iau if theyre already published naked on the internet professorssionally.
It's almost that time again for Mickey's summer travel adventures!
hey how u been
remember if you want different results.....do something different.
At last, a celebrity cooking with something I actually have!
RT: : The secret ingredient in my cooking?
Indifference.
true, but I don't know how many people will still use it cause Twitter will most likely take off the other social media outlets
If I brought my pillow pet over to people's house when I slept there, would you make fun of me?
Lol
Wishing every weekend was 3 days!
And that my Boilers could look half as promising as my Badgers!
I'm looking forward to Adobe Omniture Summit 2011 next week in Salt Lake City, UT.
Will you be there??
The sad thing is that I didn't even get to meet you, Guess it wasint meant to be:
Off to school soon!
I love you
congrats!
loved it at
I love that framework!!
Great question stems.
hardasses ; it wouldn't let me fit that on one tweet.
Lololololol.
I did!
Do what the fuck makes you happy, cause at the end, who's there?
You.
Tyler the Creator
I've been walking on concrete so much that my shoe heel fell apart today and I still have hours to go, hours to go.....
lol yes you do
RT : Excited for Dog Day  dog fair at the coliseum, dog diving at the poultry/rabbit palace.
He was probably just inviting out so he could see my prettier friends.
Or maybe he does actually consider me a friend...
your the whoredarling, are class will be fighting tomorrow.
any cinco de mayo specials?
what decision?
There's something about braces that makes any boy or girl more cute
whos excited for Believe !!
: Check out my Homie David Michael on Facebook, send him a friend request SwagMyVideo.com nowplaying Beach Chair by JayZ
Q4 The main sales strategy is to listen to your customers.
Thanks for the follow!
We'll keep you updated with news on RAW's new Raleigh location!
One Direction on Blast!!333
it's a grilled cheese with tomato soup kinda day.
Tomorrow Vans Warped Tour Kick Off party yay can't wait
Mothers DAY :
I got hacked!
don't click on direct messges from me that say : here's acrazy twee or whatever.
I've heard of putting books in the oven to sanitize.
Was mentioned in Lorrie Moore's last book.
Artist advertise on album releases, videos  shows low rates Contact Reach 35k
We are what we repeatedly do; excellence, then, is not an act but a habit.
me2.go with ben to the benny diar show
Can you follow me please?
I love you su much!
Never change, you're amazing.
Kisses.
I'm proud of be simpsonizer12
Uhh I'm sorry I even brought it up but like I always say don't worry so much about today because I know that you'll be okay !
Gotta love the Pirates.
They always are welcome in Milwaukee
ok bet
How's it going eh?
I'm surprised they've gotten this far, but I did think people were underestimating them heading into the playoffs.
I am loving laying in bed with all the windows open and the fresh breeze bringing the lilac smells in
We received a nice review 2day: Great item / great quality.
It's actually a gift for my mom for Christmas, and I am sure she will love it.
Thank you to et al for terrific tweeting today
graduation was one of the best days of my life i did it all for my mama, i know she looking down on me smiling rest for me mama!
Actually, was the first person to answer and got it correct.
Had about 40 guesses with only 45 of em correct.
Happy Mothers Day to one of my fave RHW!!!
Gotta love fire doctorlls on campus
: NowPlaying Boyce Avenue  Someone Like You  RIAUW You should play an original BA song too!
:
You alone are enough.
You have nothing to prove to anybody  Maya Angelou
I just spent an hour in Walmart and I no longer believe in evolution.
Thank you all veterans for your services and sacrifices.
I hate it when sombody stank and talk about sombody els being smelly.....i'm like did you smell yo self this morning
...and the roots of those values are imparted by a sense of family, community, and culture.
Richard Couto
Yes, because we need another Josh Vitters.
sweet  I'm always looking for new music.
I'll check them out!
it sucks that you had to miss their show though 
Skill and doctorll is underrated lately.
I'm smiling, and you're not the reason anymore.
Of course he has....I mean I would...wouldn't you?
Paul Wesley is gorgeous so a guy a few times uglier than him would be somewhat okay lol
Are you trying to send me to an early grave with this Roberts DL stuff?
Because my titanium burial pyramid isn't completed yet.
listening to on right now.
I am always in section 101.
I will come to you.
How do I explain being friends with a Cubs fan tho?
LOL
I want gum!!!
I feel weird with out it!
...like I can't function right with out it!:P
It's amazing how notices every other acon but me :
Dude, we're members at Bakker now.
For those who follow , I'd recommend not using HigherOne to receive refund.
Just another way to rip off students.
Have you noticed that most SUCCESSFUL ppl are married.
It's not all abt being on love, but creating an Empire of your own!
Better Society!
ifmydoctoramscametrue My Family would never need for anything but learn that their are more important things in life besides ass cars and cash
Did you ask him to answer your questions in English instead of jargon?
GOP literally STOLE the election from Al Gore  we lived with it peacefully.
Now Va.
nut wants armed rev.
if President Obama is reelected
A sinus headache and a sore back are making this a slow morning.
TOMORROW IS MY BIRTHDAY!
:D
I Dont Know Where I'd Be If I Wasn't As Strong As I Am Today ...
There is not a man within the sound of my voice who does not know that this nation is run by the International bankers  Congress.
McFadden
For what it's worth, Geraldo believes he's trying to help save kids' lives.
Agree or disagree, but that's his intention
Tonight's episode of punkd and PaulyDProject were awesome!!
It sounds freaky but we can totally do it!
We've managed to talk about dogs, cats, car crashes, weed, police officers, and Trayvon Martin in these first 45 minutes of class...
I've gone on one or two sprees myself.
Always a good purchase!
Flyers  Party crashers.
Solid game to open the season with.
2000's imma let you finish, but the 90's had the best cartoons of all time.
glad you caught it.
Now redeem yourself hahaha
mee too!
My brother woke me up!!!
This.
amen: No, seriously: SRIARCHA!
How come this truck never comes to the beach?
OB, specifically.
RT : We're at 32nd and Thorn tonight from 4pm8pm.
if only I could photoshop a I got 99!problems but a knife ain't one picture with 2 rolentos.
Hour and a half of cardio, done.
30 min of strength training, done.
Thanks for checking out WeSeed.
I'm here if you have questions.
:
Thank you for sharing!
You could bring an extra pair to PLN this weekend....
:
Are the interested in playing basketball on the same floor as the and this summer?!?!?
Of course!
Not a problem at all!
:
going to the modcloth party at forest room 5
because it doesn't exist.
:
Amer idol doing well
good choice.
Otherwise you'd be in handcuffs!
Just did week 2, day 3 of !
The question has never been whter or not he shot him.
He did.
Was it justified is the question.
Wasn't there so I don't know/
He who does not live life to it's fullest can never know the true meaning of life ...
Dirk freaking Nowitzki...that was the best NBA game I've seen in a long time.
Glad this is looking like a real series.
There is no better school than adversity.
it was good to see the breakfast club team out last night at soiree
Military also has a much higher divorce rate than the general public.
You're in Falkirk today?
:
My first Kentucky Derby experience was a blast!
Rich  I had a winning bet.
Thanks to my dad's business partner we had an amazing box/suite.
Are you serious?
Omg haha xD
Can anyone guess McDonalds new sandwich?....McWinning
Jenna told me that somebody told her black girls dont suck dick so thats why teen pregnancy is so prevalent in the black community......
Hunter, cause c'mon, how badass is Hunter?
A hug for you!
I hope you get a little break from your studies and have a great weekend!
I see you.
': I'm the oddball of my family hm...yeah true!
weird, annoying...:'  Ha ha very funny 
Yeah, pretty much anything combined with diet and exercise will lead to weight loss...
got home from acting class and am sleepy...sweet doctorams 3
Rather than new overhead, they should form a subgroup within NAHJ.
25 pork fun: Pork rillettes with bruschetta, Pork coppa and pork sausage with polenta, Brioche bread pudding with rhubarb conserva
Thanks.
It's very nice so far.
Taking lots of photos.
Don't lie to me
I had to read that a few times lol
I Hate Fake People
Confirmed for July 19th today.
The twitter queen is coming to to talk about  what else  tweeting.
have faith in me.
3
forrealll?
tell a brutha I say hi
KILL!!!!
in my best singing voice.
Can we have class outside today?
Makes sense.
Perths Photography Planning The Perfect Wedding On A Tight ...

I love to see my friends doing good most friends are just secret haters
I support that
jfc, i'm wearing a doctorss shirt.
clean fun haha
Um,no you iznnnnttt
I feel bad for Keisha.
This is not cool.
At all.
Tami should be ashamed.
It's not that bad except my kids used to watch the show over and over when it was on Nick.
I'm having flashbacks.
Anything you lose automatically doubles in value
Guts  All Time Low
My husband just says I have something you can look at.
Sicko
Interesting stat: our back 4 has started the past 13 games together.
He said it!
Hatred is a very underestimated emotion.
Jim Morrison
rest easy aaron michael phat scott!
Poised Creation has enjoyed its research into the entertainment industry!
Grand Opening 7997 W.
Sahara Ave., 103 TODAY 10a4p Show up and get 40 off HCG, Out of town 30 coupon code grand www.lasvegashcg.com
What are your thoughts on debt collectors using social media to pressure people into paying?
I tripped out on that blue deer in the last Harry Potter film.
Also a symbol of power  enlightenment for the Huichol people of Mexico
Look at all the great proposals by and Moya Bailey!
Keep 'em coming!
Your face...it looks like something I threw up.
Lmao, omg...
No big deal!
I'm not the grammar police.
Hit the Cal Ripken ESC key!
In my own zone ....
a lot on a dude mine smh missing my son like crazy
Save the SoCal sun for the middle of winter  it's beautiful here right now!
neerrrd!
see you shortly where i'll become mayor of yer house!
How old is your son?!
tony will b happy though lmao
Thank u ,love...do u club?
RT : glad to be aboard handsome!!!
;
I thought it was something from 2001 still online, but no!
Weekly publication!
Excited to see tonight at dinner.
Our bf's will definitely be neglected during our love fest.
thatawkwardmoment when you forgot the twitter name and you get caught.
!
any idea whr u wnt 2 land  wnt 2 stay up on the top  i'll miss pie  coffee  that view w U  u will miss it more
About to make some chicken Tacos, fries and sip on this White Remy :
I have such a cute boyfriend ':
I Saw Her Standing There: What would it be falling in love with a women and finding out she's a zombie?
Play and...
Chillin, I should be sleep doe
If you want something spoken about ask a man, if you want something done, ask a woman Meryl Streep
thanks Jeff!!
My birthday was awesome.
Always great when spending it with the family
This one is actually kind of unsettling.
Such a long day: 9am1130pm running around.
Finally time to relax!
Why so serious?
Won my bracket.
Still hate Kentucky.
what is up?
am I searching, really scrambling for a job that  you know pays you!
no problem.
Just don't tell anyone; I have an image to protect.
I remember your mother in the kitchen!
Florence, we're ready for lunch now!
SESSIONS LOOK LIKE HE SANG BACK UP FOR TEVIN CAMPBELL SISSY ASS...
Being audited next week means I Staying at work till 8 or 9 tonight.
Meeting about new space design  Qdoba  best library meeting ever!!!!
not that you dm me with the egg baby girl 
welcome!
How long you here for?
Has anyone seen the documnetary 'Farmageddon'?
Know how I can find a viewing?
Sunny Day Exercise  walk around house looking for gaps to caulk before winter.
sick and sad
Landed safely in Chicago....
Next stop airport 2 Miami!
But first an hour and a half layover...
:
Wishing everyone a happy and healthy new year!
Let's hope for a cure in 2012!
It's January 5th and I'm doctorving with my windows down!!!!
Congrats Medical Center graduates!
Welcome to the pack of successful Miami Dade College alumni!!
Great opening at Oneida conference center for the Green Bay Film Festival.
May have gone a little too far in the understated direction.
: Just edited to try something different.
Glad you are excited for Substrata Fest!
best thing on their menu!
Delicious Greek dish
nigguh.
It's cool.
I ain't tripping ;
May the 4th be with you!
I've waited all year to say that!
Is nude an option in airports?
news.cnet.com/83013192132
Mockingbird by eminem33
Salukis deserve better!
Weber turned his back on SIU for Illini and now looking 2 return as early retirement
Please tell me he is hilarious.
I really wanted to go!
I'm getting tired of depending on people for rides...
I need a car
They're actually really cute lolol
I saw the movie today!
Thanks for visiting, !
What did you enjoy?
Penny Stock lovers I really see  APRO.PK  really taking off this week..
get it NOW
we are going.
and i am going up to him if he's with that girl and telling him he is with a man.
understanding in any given situation can be benificial!!
Magniv!
has arrived.
We've got their CDs and they are playing the big Tel Aviv Beach Party on Friday  their showcase.
BREWERS WIN
Our Newest Cocktail The Queen City Girl.
Warming.
Loving.
Caring.
do it!
get all doctorssed up!
goodnight I LOVE YOU!!!
Mahomies are here for you3
We're on Twitter, too!
r u even comin?
Yes sir DIR all day everyday
I never thought about that possibility....
Why do fat people get fatter?
Why do anerexic remain anerexic?
Why do haters hate?
Why do people judge?
Im sick of this shit.
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me!
NeverSayNever 3
I love the fact that the school system locks down the Internet so tight I can't get to Google docs or show Frontline video.
I am done learning new things until someone can prove to me that google won't be around forever!
Good night Hannah..
sleep well!!
:
you were ready to close your book
Well my volleyball team has lost 3 in a row after being undefeated last year..
Why is it important to distinguish between a RT and a MT?
Does it really matter?
I'm goin thru it dawg!
That's my cut, Niggas know my flow, straight out tha pot!
Publish and then filter.
gr8 meeting u lst ngt looking forward to supplying ur athletes w/what they need after workouts
EYE DE KAY BUT NOW IM ALL SAD AND SHTUFF CUZ WEE WUZ JUS TALKIN ABOUT IT :
Im at Western Sizzlin eating wit da peoples...
CCH Historical Society meets Sunday in Calhoun
It's the same three people AGAIN!!!!
Whitney Houston died at 3:55 pm Today.
The Ugly Duckling.
Lol.
I like the way you get coffee!;
After wiping out on Saturday, I'm good.
RT : riding your bike to work?
Today, Bike Week helps you learn how at a Workshop
who is 1 on the hot100 this week???
If ya feet nasty ya box has to be
I hate internet groupies Sad
idk if he did!
But that just made him 10x hotter in my book!
ugh3
This isn't the way I'm supposed to feel right now.
I feel like I've accomplished nothing.
RT : 50 years ago this month, the Beatles were rejected by Decca Records  Guitar groups are on the way out.
The legend:...
has to be the fabulous foster
black ink on raw canvas.
How do I make RSS feeds of your guys channels and shows?
Not again!
Praying for healing and justice for the victims, families, students,  staff at Virginia Tech today after another shooting.
Timing is everything
Who went to bed EARLY, and STILL overslept?
ThisGuy Good morning Tweeters
that sounds potentially hilarious!
You'll ditch that Febreeze when you get a whiff of our Trapp home fragrances.
With more than 25 scents to choose from, you'll find a fave!
I am so proud of my friend and colleague RYAN GLASGOW!!!
Good Job Ryan!
The way to sign up is through the Dodgeball Team Signup Note.
9 hr of doctorving up to pa and back i think i am going nuts
wow....is this hottie my friend?!
So lucky!
Hot hot hot HAWT!!
Hi sunshine!
I'm great!
U???
What ya been up too?
RT : hey u!
How are you boo?
and when was this cuz I don't remember this
we got moonshine apple cider beer and a gift exchange this shits bout to get real
People who don't know the difference between than and then deserve to live in a cave without wifi.
I'm just smoking in this liquor doctornking on this weed had to pop a molley just so I can go to sleep
Sometimes we have to fight for what we love and care about.
But sometimes, we have to find the strength to let it go.
is it over already....
.
First of all, why would someone EVER put cookies in the freezer?
The freezer is meant for ice cream, and ice cream alone!
And, you get to run past the yummy smells of the palermo's pizza factory.
Yes, and I love them too, but Jeter strives to win.
KState night at The K?
Do you have to pay extra to park your Double Wide Trailer?
it's butter flavor and it gives you diabetes.
That is how it should read at least
: well maybe you wouldn't be tired all the time if u stopped cheating on me!/:
Power is out : not even storm
yes, kimi in Monaco for the win f1
What difference does it make how much you have?
What you do not have amounts to much more.
Ha Ha RT 4famouswords suck my dick hoe/bitch
Sitting outside studying on this beautiful day with .
ha!
that gif of Puyol is great.
Reminds me of when he pulled out the corner flag vs RealMad.
Care to share?
RT I've seen one good Prezi.
One.
Thanks to Chuck, John, Marty, and Kevin for another stellar event last night.
Savoy  PPC together again!
LOL So glad I'm not the only one watching right now and thinking the same thing.
a 10,000 doctorss, whaaa??
Going to the Y to work Out prolly hoop
initial adoctornalin boost is gone  could very well summarize the long term fate of the Timbers in my opinion.
This nigga came in da gas station and put 200 on pump 9 
wunderlist I HATE you.
you okay?
let go and let god
good until Austin tweeted RIPAngel :'
Important tweet!
EHS's fall 2012 spots are almost gone so if you or anyone you know needs a room, get in touch!
18003851689
Risdphonathon running the sunday shift on a lovely day!
Deja ID '14 3
You're clearly a most EXCELLENT Mum.
;
There's now a shortcut between the Pacific and Atlantic Oceans, courtesy of climate change.
Does anyone have a cure for earaches?
We are excited to work with you this year!
How many more days of school?
ireallywant it to just be over.
WHERE ARE YOU SUMMER?!
I wanna senior year like in movies
I love when people get all mad cuz I don't reply to their text haha they b like y didn't u text me back!
I say prolly cuz I don't like you
: I would love to win a 300 gift certificate to a bookstore!
Hope everyone's weekend has been a great one!
Keep on vaping!
Can't remember the last time I set foot in a MKE club...
MERRY CHRISTMAS FROM !
Let's do this 2012 thang'
RT : The trouble with speaking truth to power is that afterwards you still have the truth, and they still have the power.
And you can get alerts for events pushed to your devices, so there are probably ways to get around whatever you need it for.
RT : People want peace so much that 1 of these days govt better get out of their way and let them have it.
Eisenhower
DirectionersAreDisrespectful  really?
you're thinking about Directionators not Directioners.
There's a difference
we've won 8 Championships this year.
So weird getting 2 week old tweets.
Apparently some are stuck in the Twittasphere just bouncing around?
We had a great planning meeting today for the Global Women's Summit here in Indianapolis.
Theme of the summit is Let Your Voice Be Heard!
hahaha what a hard worker : 
So is my dude gonna stack up on Yeezy 2's for us over in Australia?
Hahah
The best way to appreciate your job is to imagine yourself without one.
Thanks for the follow
I'm So Over People.
Yeah will do, we travel all the time for various things so will ask if he's got anything going down under.
Gonna get an Iphone!!!!
: now i can be apart of the never get off your phone community!
;P
GO DUCKS
Real men stay faithful.
We don't have time to look for other women because we are too busy loving the one we have.
fruit roll ups
Facebook Tip for Nonprofessorts: 2 addtl features are Pinning  Featuring posts.
Pinning keeps a post to the top, Highlights are full width
I believe he said loudest
Happy birthday to my sister I love you with all my heart and I hope that nothing brings us apart, you looked stunnin tn
lmao!
Never sharing her ever ever!
agreed!
Can't come quick enough
you so damn silly..send me some pics.
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
Wears high heels when she exercises ;
The boys at Acalanes High School are SO CUTE AND HOT!!!!
IM GOING CRAZY!!!!!!!!!
Yep!
Better pay, better benefits, and a more stimulating position.
is the social media case study published anywhere?
aggregating pubmedia case studies would be a great resource to learn from
Hey, email Fran about goin out.
I unfortunately have to work until 10, but would be happy to meet up after if you're still out.
Follow us and retweet this!
HELP!
We all know that shit lol
That's kind of a good thing though because the whole city can rally around one team yearround.
Do you know what's in those Terms of Use you just signed?
Did you even know that you signed them?
just looked at professorles through my roommates facebook cause she was signed in on my comp; feels like a relapse.
ew, i feel gross and weird
apparently Dan Hurley, the old st.
benedict's bball coach is coaching at URI.
You'll do well
Definitely had a 9 to 5: the Musical flashback during that Smash staging with Marc Kudisch and Megan Hilty.
sits down kels is ranting...
I was happy after the throat rip death, but annoyed that the chick with the short hair and Carl are still around
thanks!!
: Great event on youth and CompSexEd with Kenyan  Pakistani reps at CPD2012
Headed to Chattanooga to watch my cousins regional meet
: thanks bro!
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it.
Buddy Hackett
Shakespeare used fictional characters to comment on real thing.
Daisey used real people to comment on fictional things.
OMG.
LOVE.
I bet the photographer is really pretty
ClubPS3 ClubiPad2 I hope my hump day turns into happy day!
David, Cody and Garrett.
My three locals.
Garrett would hide and I would always make him talk.
Proud of you Garrett O Hunt!
im for sure going to check him out on the 5th.
The rest of the bill that night doesn't hurt either.
My jackd app won't work grrrr
Vipbox.tv,i watch everything there
home alone and its thundering and lightening :

Came to the game like Speedy Gonzalez, Im fucking looney Tyler, The Creator
is considering the death of Capital and the Rise of the Proletariat

was hot at the oscars
I am the founder/ designer of BELOW THE BRIM, LLC.
Our message is WEAR WHAT YOU BELIEVE and our mission is to spread hope.
Onlyinmovies Do T.V.
news bulletins usually contain a story that affects you personally at that precise moment you turn the television on.
if you follow back:
...Please note there will be no piano, so solos will be unaccompanied.
Check our Facebook page for details.
Hope to see you Saturday!
:
TSA just got lucky again.
They got to third base with me because I opted out.
You can always wear dark contacts
Quote time I think yes!!:
Can you think of something special we can do for for the
What a solid afternoon to do some shopping.
Mission: not to buy shoes.
Which is better thevoice or DWTS??
: God has objective for your pain, a reason for your struggle and a gift for your faithfulness.
Don't give up!
you dont like it :
...have you ever forgotten to go to lunch?
I mean, I like my job and all, but...
geez!
:
good call on the Bierkraft.
I dug the sandwich.
If my alarm hadn't gone off at 3am, I would have dug a beer too.
MT He's due.
RT CC has never beaten Price in 5 tries...Everyone seems to do things 1st vs us..,reverse tr ...
Wow, looked away and when i looked back my twitter page was all new...
This is awesome, Iyanla!
Thank you...miss you
Thank God finally settled
6th grade: Beat you up, rack yer sneakers and yer skateboard.
The good ol days.
Smashed a kids face with the truck of my board back then.
Say you like me oh oh oh
The best ideas come as jokes.
Make your thinking as funny as possible.
David Ogilvy
The freshman are killing me.
Stop trying to talk to me I'm not one of you.
K thanks
I have to sing 15 choir songs and I have a doctorma skit to do.
I know at least it's fun stuff right?
Sahar's going
: Can someone help a nigga out?
was up wit it bro?
I don't blame him, chihuahuas can be mean :
Congratulations to Senor Sack, misterGabe Rivera getting inducted into the college football hall of fame.
just sleep in Keller's Cave bro!
I'll make sure there's a pillow in there at the end of the day for ya
John KaomisterInnovationmaking connect betwn what leaders learn from jazz musicians.
Outlined in book Jamming
RT : Animals lining up two by two here in Texas.
that's what I mean by player control  idea that NPCs should always follow player def of relationship.
Jazzy was here lmao
Thanks to the increasing  of American Obese, my success rate with 2's  4's has gone from about 1 to 3.
Woke up this morning and cards were still world champs.
Whew!
I was afraid it was all just a doctoram.
Thank you!
you put a smile on my face that's my goal!
:
A mess
FINE HOLD ONN
hey handsome
Baby can i get a refill ?
Do we have any artistic writers or fans that could help us out with something
We are Process
did you go to the FireSounders game?
If you feel that giving up, remember that for which you held before.
Going to a with Floridian tonight.
We'll see who handles the heat better.
It's because he earns 20 mil a year.
And this was the guy who said newspaper reporters are overpaid.
Oakland A's in town to play White Sox during ABATechShow.
Games at 7:10pm.
15 minutes to game by L.
Monday night is half price.
orange/coral!
Debating on whether or not to keep studying for my PRexam.
How unethical/unprofessorssional is it to just say screw it and go watch a movie?
hey justin am glad u got ur award 4 the vmas just so u no i voted 4 u 33
I'm into polyamory.
I have a relationship with two hands.
HERE WE COME GAME 7
hehe oh ok makes more sense nowx
: It's niggas I'd never look at and bitches who look like shit.
Always running they mouths
I'm sure you get a lot of wine leftover too!
where are you going?
Dalai Lama facts and figures
DD tomorrow.
free coffe and candies with fabric samples yeah!
Tell me more about professorts from online business
wow, 2 kids just left backpack  seat to go get food, dude behind them called a cop over to remove bag, this ain't the airport buddy
A REAL owner for the Coyotes and a live local sports talk show in the morning from 7AM10AM.
Shwarma with my sister...
it is sogood !
what is ur picture
Omg it feels like I haven't been on twitter for weeks!
Went up 2 the E.
Fork San Gabriel River 4 a last trip before I strt new job...
Most gold found so far.
Pics 2 come soon.
follow she follows back!
that my friend is a warning sign
the new demon is awesome.
5/4 flying undying for 4.
Awesome!
God I freaking LOVE all my followers.
Check out the new Featured Bit  Shats R Us www.freekshowradio.com
Awww wookit you.
Bread is good too, lil guy!
come to Houston,Tx
In Ashburn for training.
That whole Dulles toll road thing...shenanigans!!!
If I have to pay to ride on your road there shud b food!
Mark Twain Library Art Show Dec.
4 12, Redding CT, Striped Bass  Brook Trout art to benefit library  admission free!
YouGetMajorPointsIf you have pretty eyes
The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them.Mark Twain
Aquarians have so much charm that even rivals compliment them
Watching a rabbit yawn is the funniest thing ever.
Seriously.
Hey y'all, follow me on Twitter!
Shanks!!!
Watching The Office from the very beginning!
good morning 3
And Joe Buck reprises his dad's famous call from 1991 Series: We'll see you tomorrow night!
he was arguably the best player on the best team.
Apps: Bean, Color Splash Studio, Great Plain Text
No one likes me.
I can't blame them...
I don't even like me.
Either way.
:
I guess there was a at the Casino tonight?
El meson is just as good when you pick it up
company league game or I guess I should say games as I will probably be playing in more then just my team's game
Its funny while i'm getting painted no one else showed up so why do people say Cyon Flare you're another person when you get doctorss up How?
Watch this birthday party become a sexy underwear party pt 2.
And I can't wait.
My wife says I never listen.....or something like that, I think
I worry about you all the time.
Dear Starbucks and gas stations...it isn't a competition to see who can charge more.
very long story
but I kid!
You're an easy victim :p ily though haha.
But I can't be like mean mean.
Like ew why are you in the pic
Hey people, we're on Instagram!
We have the same name there as Twitterwe'd love to connect w/ you!
Sadly have had the worse customer experience w/Bugaboo.Taken over 6 months 2 fix something  they couldn't get it done.Don't reco!
AttnThe ship Higgs capsized this AM.
All crewmembers are accounted for except one: rescuers are still searching for the Higgs' boatswain.
1017 brick squad
If your heart was really 'broken' you wouldn't be alive.
Lol.
I enjoyed sharing my perspective on the 5th CD race with the Indiana Chamber of Commerce today.
please follow me 3
Eating alphabet soup my favorite!
You should let me love you.
For May 3rd5th, avg rates start from 324tax.
Valet parking is 43 per night w/ unlimited in and out priveleges.
So, both are right  we have a choice.
I'm sticking with nitch.
our curator is headed to SXSWi to find the latest and greatest in
Hulu plus on the PS3.
It's a time suck, that's for sure.
RT Senate Franken lauds decision to keep rural post offices open in Minnesota  Franken said something I agree with?
Oh no...
I was right outside the Pru when all the lights went out.
Def thought the world was ending for a second.
I have A LOT of goals set for myself, !
Singing is one !
KFC chicken for tonight, yippe :D
Awesome hope to see you sometime soon!
Put a museum in Chavez Ravine and fans would ride the Dodger Trolley even on nongame days.
Make it a true baseball mecca.
RT : TOUCHDOWN POWER!!!
Randy Hymes with the score!!!
Launching a site todaythe last of the big backlog of projects is done!
On to new exciting projects now!
Finally!
Woot!!!
:D
thanks girl !
Yessir!
Let's get it!
: Good morning!!
I woke up humble  HUNGRY today!
: Nothing's gonna stop me...
successgrindSWAG
TONIGHT  CLUB ELEGANCE EXOTIC DANCERS FROM CINCINNATI LADIES FREE TILL 11 10 ADMISSION
Wow.
Organizing a move is time consuming.
27 days.
Okay cool.
I figured you probably knew that since you're pursuing psych.
Time to expand our videographic skills.
Need a model that can dance, walk a catwalk, and do stills.
Do your own paper, get an 88.
Help make someone else's paper perfect, they get a 98.
In Philly right now, is Ginos a good place to get a cheesesteak?
don't know how much longer i can stay at work...
i hate tax season hours
Well am proud that fixed my keyboard of computer on my own
Pres.
Obama  Michelle Obama travel to Ft.
Stewart, GA to visit troops.
wait, something looks different about Twitter....
: sorry 4 the delayed reply!
I'd recommend buying memberships to some key clients' Museums.
Projects going well!
How about you?
Wishes I wasnt such an inpatient person.
So far we've covered Dylan McKay, Hypercolor, Crystal Pepsi, Zack Morris's phone...what '80s/'90s memories make you smile?
It's so hot today!
BUT idc!
Those who lack courage will always find a philosophy to justify it.
Albert Camus
isn't 2 buck chuck the obvious answer?
IfITellYou I'm going for a run...
that is not an invitation for you to tell me how much you HATE running.
It's actually the exact opposite.
GE Tag Your Green.
Check it out
JBTSWebinar Knowing your audience: Put yourself in their shoes.
What if you were the decision maker?
What's in it for them?
Thank you!
Nice to tweet you.
:
Today's Jim Henson Google Doodle is pretty cool!
Who did you pick to win the NCAA tournament?
Anyone pick the CSU or CU?
I cannot wait to go back to school and see him again.
So no one famous then?
28 away from 200!
RT if you want to findacure!
We donate for every follow bc inspired us to makeachange!
NEVERSAYNEVER :
Too hilarious!
Watched it about 4 times lol
Goodnight moon3
: lol were corny
that's so cute!
: hearts;
yes she is
I'm going to Beverly Hills for the first time next month, what's a great hotel to stay in????
Oh, greetings to my nonsox fan followers too!
Thank you for following guys!
Hope to get around to tweeting you all.
If I missed ya don't be afraid to strike up a convo.
I love to learn.
yes u will cry that is for sure tears of joy I have dang tingles already lol
waiting for my mothers day gift from my favorite son
I have hope that one day twitter will aloud you to post gifs in place of photos.
I love the size and weight of my nook simple touch, and want the full capacity of a full tablet.
Everyone have a safe and relaxing weekend.
This guy...RT : I'm here!
Outgoing president and incoming VP of Chapter Development.
i got my tickets!!!
I CANT NOT WAIT!
100 more dayzzz !
Like i wanna cry, you guyz r my insperation  i love youu al.
Thanks for a fun night viejo perro!
replaced a 10 yr old linksys router with a new airport extreme.
Livin in an Apple world these days:
The We're Not Going Away Rally.
Noon.
Rotunda.
You know the doctorll.
horseshit refs likely just cost the Pacers game 4.
It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves.
if u got one ready jus email me the song wit a space for me on it or send the beat and we can make it happen
He who would leap high must take a long run.
Proverb
I miss you!!!
sdmayornp arts and culture needs to be defended in its own terms
Right?!
I can just listen to it on repeat myself.
Do you have the one with the bonus tracks?
Thanks for connecting with cultureID.
Your project looks interesting!
gaah me eitherr !
Getting ViP and Meet n Greets too :DD
It hurts when two people who love one another have to let each other go because they will never change.....
5 glass/20 carafe Sangria, 6 Small Bites, 7 Select Wines, 3 CraftStyle Beers  plenty of parking  The Perfect Happy Hour Spot 57pm
martawoodhull , session singer, vocal arranger is voting YES on SAGAFTRA ONE UNION
Scrambled eggs at 9 PM, woo!
Don't forget to get your, classic slice tshirts and gift certificates, for those special pizza fans on Xmas list.
The most expensive gift for a woman  attention!
And there is such a gift cheaper than any other!
I hope everyone is ready for The New Guilt!
Check your inboxes for invites to our upcoming shows.
Heads up 16th  Birdy's Be there!
Thanks for the RT!
;
I'm with you.
Just tired of our candidates being chosen for us before we even vote in the primaries...
Beer is now cheaper than gas.
doctornk.
Don't doctorve.
Otp With My Favee .
.
I just tried it.....
and your right!
The latest in a long line of Lockhart track stars is coming to ATX for the State Meet.
We'll hear from UT signee Nate Jones on Fox7  5
Officially in love with my Blendtec.
Kale, avocado, cucumber, mango, kiwi  banana for breakfast.
I got another singlefamily 3/BR renttoown home.
Located on N.
72nd St.
in West Allis, WI.
Visit www.HelpingPeopleBuy.com 4 more info.
nope, I've been their bro!
Fuck and go!!
Hello:D shout out!!
Goodnight Twitter ;
Haha, nice try.
No Anthony Davis brows here.
Miss me with that.
RT you trying gun Al.B Sure?
Sexto?
I take it you didn't study Spanish...
;
thanks so much!
FridayReads is Henrietta Lacks, but only because I have to read it for book group.
Not really my thing at all.
Moss and Johnson score 0 pts.
What in the world is going on here?
If you don't care for you, then who?
If you don't care for you now, then when?
Happy birthday, Boneshaker!
20 off everything today, food  doctornks starting at 7pm!
It's a Saturday night and I got nothing to do
What to do.
I have to thank god for everything because I have a pretty good life besides all the bullshit
Why doesn't this hurt just stop?
Ate sum zaxby's  chips  salsa.
Waiting on my dad to finish cooking.
wow the new design looks great!
Happiness is getting good work outs on the road!
hahahah nope I'm not a doctorggie
Just found it but it says its not available in the US...do you have the tracks on your computer?
A teenager behind me in Starbucks is crying to her mom about her ukelele and she's tired of being misconstrued.
Oomf is such a loser !
I heard that
Was able to park on campus for free twice today favor 
great if u can message me on facebook that works best to talk facebook.com/mikemacdirect thanks :
To all you college students, good luck on finals!
We feel your pain!
Complaint from speaker at protest: machines are taking jobs.
My advice: stop complaining and go make something amazing.
we don't get 50 feet of snow in Columbus Ohio lol in fact we had none this past winter
thanks man, i appreciate it
Quick Fix?
meet They are promoting The new simple, easy, foolproof method for any Magazines Success :
good for you.
I need to start doing this  its nice having my old lj to reflect on things, but I don't keep a journal now.
You wouldn't.
You confuse me sometimes
ABoyfriendShouldAlways respect his lady
Watching MIB with Remember how many times we watched this ?!
is doing a great job reporting on the Iowa caucuses
See you soon!
The Man has Spoken.
Forget Houston!
Sanford?
Its official: you've got a real problem.
RT : : An incarceration program is not an employment program.
If people need jobs, lets get people jobs.
Gov.
Cuomo
Im crying
IheartJDFR.
Bummed to miss it this year.
6 Weeks Until School Ends!!
:
We have many tine tannies to keep us from the rannies stye with us swags!!!!
The Teehive Staff will vote on our favorite design on Tuesday!
Good Luck Posting!
Love your Shirt :
I had SO much fun tonite w Kirk Lightsey,Martin Jakonovsky and Mario Gonzi in Bonn!!
Thank you guys,you were fantastic!
33
i guess this shit aint gonna stop wish it would tho..
wishfulthinking!
best description i've heard so far!
i might be able to do something with that.
Hello everyone, sorry for the delay!
Voume 15.16  15.19 is ready to be consumed.
You know where to find it 
Thats Dope : , I Thought You Were Dominican .
in Las Colinas
do u like teaching a rook a lesson on the field or a cocky vet.
that stinks!
Is BTR going there this Summer?
I LOVE YOU!
My gynecologist thinks I'm a dude.
but the commercials during the play are very annoying
They were looking for your Future Parkhurst Fan tshirt!
Thanks for that wicked QA w/ at on Sunday.
Go team mkcs
So many people that I am a lucky girl and they are right: Because I am blessedTalk SHow  Entertainment
that's good.
I'm glad it did.
How bout those Hoosiers?!!!!
A decisive Football victory for Homecoming.
So sweet.
Love  Honor!
Thanks lady!
Did you have a good day?
don't let them do it, that's an excuse to buy a new tool!!!
A person who never been to church in they life ain't scared it's a difference in saying you believe and actually believing
The and joint conference is officially underway!
Cat  darkness  speed bump
If you ever see me in line anywhere, do yourself a favor  don't get behind me cause I pick the worst lanes EVERYTIME!!!!!
Great ads make bad products fail faster.Buyology
Ive only fell in love once.
Any one care to make fall in love twice?
You'll probably miss the simplicity.
A pal just recommended powerful and moving book Escape from Camp 14, about escapee from N Korean work camp.
Thanks for the RTs and mentions :
When I did it I woke up in the middle of the night and was so scared because I was hearing voices....
OLPC laptop designed by the current bib11 speaker!
OLPC now has a tiny plug in book server that stores 1000s of ebooks500 can use at once
do you know who's at the other end of the thatcamp info email addoctorss?
i haven't heard back re: thatcamp web hosting
BigBen is active...
Regardless, I bet his rape total is way down this game.
We all know u were secretly hoping for that!
RT : Just googled nude boots.
I got a nude girl...wearing boots.
Fair enough, Google
Yep.
Working on it right now.
OK.
Good point.
If you can't wait to see The Hunger Games in theaters Retweet!!!:D
thank you : love to see you again in the near future .
a checkered flag finish?
That or an appearance by Ricky Bobby.
Headed towards Burbank for an interview for a script reading internship.
Happy Mothers Day to the best woman who carried me for 9 months in pain who loves me and always will I LOVE YOU MOMMY!!!
3
SD!
wins Best Screenplay at the Oaxaca Film Festival  Best Cinematography at Newport Int'l Film Festival!!
Congratulations everyone!!
yes!
Hahah  he's used to me fangirling over singers.
Even better!!!
huge shout out to for working so hard for me
Travel day to Washington, DC for IMLS grant review panel tomorrow
okay...then you can get him to give me a part in his next film!!
Bix Club Burger, Fish and Farm, Spruce, Wayfare Tavern
BackInElementarySchool Heads Up Seven Up was the greatest thing in the world.
Me: I'm gonna start doing all my homework Next day : sleeps all day, never does homework
I accidentally tipped over the whole bottle of laundoctor detergent in the washer O.O

Funniest thing I saw on TV last year TavarisJackson impersonating an NFL quarterback
Watching Saturday morning cartoons
when i look at you..
Hi my love!!!
Good seeing you yesterday yay!!!
I need to stop tweeting when I've been doctornking.
Southern cousin on my turf,1860 silk gown in the works, baby chicks break out,  awesome gifts for the seamstress that I am, so goes my day.
Heading to my first ever event shortly...much thanks to for making this happen...
couldn't be more excited!!
people dont listen because their scared of lyers
You're telling me support my commander in chief when in the last year we almost didn't get paid and now you want to cut our benefits?
Mission Critical: How TranslationFocused Disease Foundations May Save Medical Research
is FIERCE at 5'10, showing America how to smize.
She carries a teamtallgirls card.
Another ex.
of tall at its best!
Be Proud!
So happy to see this moment!
Proud of our troops, but what repercussions will this have for our country?
Does anybody out there have a connection at Maaco, Earl Scheib, or Heritage Auto Body?
We need our bus painted!
No thank you guys !!
Arrived early at Fort Lauderdale!
EARLY!
Absolutely unbelievable.
If Gasol  Bynum show up every game, they could give OKC problems, especially with Perkins hurt.
Proper indeed...
haha, i just met this kid that looked like justin bieber.
;D  doctorsses like him too.
but when i asked him his name, he told me to fuck off.
I don't even know what's going on!
Just keep seeing my TL filled w/jokes about some song.
Too tired to look it up right now :/
Thank you, sir!
Take out at four, gifts from Dollar store  fly market at five, cheap wine at six, asleep by seven.
Do my parents now romance or what.
Little website update, new Youtube account, a hosted  embedded video, Twitter update, Facebook page touches.
G'night.
So I can only get an A in j201 if I get a 95 on the final, but if I get at least a 68 on it then I'll get an AB still.
Resident Evil 5 should never have existed and instead we'd get Resident Evil 4 HD.
your tweets make my day :D 
I'ma be all over my husband his lucky ass.
Lol
Why do people call it a GREEN room when it's NOT green!!!
When people say no offense before they say something because they think by saying it they won't offend the person but yet they still do.

It's a tax increase It will have an impact on the behavior of those taxed It a specific use that might not be the best.
Been playing with the beta if Photoshop CS6.
This is a good version.
Can't wait for the final.
..
You treated me like shit when all I did was be there for you :/
nevergive up on hope cause god is always here
Baron Davis gone have to retire
That akward moment, when you spill something at someones house....
Smoke a blunt then kick it like kung fu
RT : Luke pulled a lamp off our table this morning.
I was getting mad, but then I remembered Dook lost  and you have
After Seahawks sign Zach Miller, get ready for plenty of OsiforCarlson trade rumors...
May 13 Amina Figarova sextet at the Bach Society in Half Moon bay, CA
Congrats Marina Micari at Searle!
She received NU Alumni grant to Reduce SocialComparison Concern in Small Learning Groups
Torture didn't find bin Laden, the Navy Seals found him under PresObama's orders to do so.
He kept his promise to find himthank you, PBO!
Go ahead and walk this guy marmol, no biggie
Under the Streetlamp on WTTW.
This is what hell sounds like.
Tuesday, to coincide with us being the live board at Montreal140
It all started with a pair of Nike shocks.
I called you back and your phone was off!
Call me or write!
Otherwise see you tomorrow??
love ya broski!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
281
this is the reason I havent brought to court yet...i WILL NOT share my daughter
OK.....guess we will just have to go to grand rapids......see u there!!!!!
Watching Batman Year One!!
Inner nerd is happy!
Done with the gym.
Had a great work out!
Heading home 3
no problem!
I'll handle that!
RT : By the way...
Football!
Football!
Football!
Football!
Football!
Football!
Football!
Football!
Football!
Football!
Football!
'wendy's: it's better later' means it's better when you're doctornk, high, and it's too dark to see what you're eating.
I think this pia colada doesn't have any rum.
I think I'm going to burn a building down.
The essence of teaching is to make learning contagious, to have one idea spark another
If you got 50 Young Jeezy's in the game running at one time, How can the real Jeezy stand out!
He will have to reinvent himself or retire!
Getting up in like 6 hours, still wide awake
no joke: just got a onemin play for ATL about this exact combo of ingredients.
Love FitSanDiego running club!
If you are training for a 5k, 10k or marathon, call and ask fro Sarah F.
dirty dancing in the moonlight
looks like I picked the wrong week to quote from movies that betray my age
her booty got SWAGG !
Beer me!
Things may come to those who wait, but only what's left behind by those that hustle.
Abraham Lincoln
Listened to a guy talk about his crazy theories.
Who knew soror Eva Evans was an OutKast fan!
Lol
Going to see tonight on sunset.
Stoked!
Let the hate and pain fuel you to your success
When our dog is happy and excited, he doesn't wag his tail...
it goes around in circles!
So funny!
you're not alone.

LOVE it on a thick Rib Eye add some fresh cracked pepper.
I have also used it on homemade pretzels
Judo Chop!
omg.....that's really ridiculous.
Teleprompter jokes, birth certificate references, and neocon proIsrael rhetoric just combined in a very strange way during Bibi's speech.
TRS 80 computer.
Those were the days...
Domestic airfares hit record high in 2011
If you were hired to run a clients Social Marketing Campaign, what would be the first thing you would do?
Out Of Difficulties Grow Miracles
All this money and the money is the motive
on Portishead debut: even on songs w/o bass parts, other instruments take up slack and those frequencies are never untroubled
For managing to get paint on your bra while wearing a shirt  the brand is Lime Crime Makeup the website is limecrimemakeup.com
Got some Condessa Sumatra coffee beans and Thistle honey at farmers market today.
From 2012 conference: What does effective teaching look like  sound like?
Audience: collaborative, studentled,  teacher facilitated
great article tks
Did everyone get what they wanted this Christmas?
Great line!
Isn't it funny that the book isn't avail on ereader?
Tweet 1, who's excited for me?!!
not filing good, docter in the morning.
Do not like this Single thing going on.!
My question of the day...If you had to be trapped in a TV show for a month, which show would you choose and why?
hey : how are you doing??
Are you going to start Live to Dance again??
:D
who ever retweets this shit i hope u fuckin die u pieces of shit
I love days that piss me off before 10am.
RT : B!tch, i will punch you by accident on purpose.
RT : Starting off my FF with friends
That's my boy.
Hopefully all of the passionate progressives who didn't reach the finish line tonight continue onwards...
we need them!
Meaning the writers, not the politicians, don't make much , right?
Obama will give his nomination speech in a state where gay people are secondclass citizens in part because he didn't lift a finger.
Thanks a ton!
: what're you up to?
Rainforest Alliancecertified small coffee farms in El Salvador 76 yield 20072008 vs.
control group 22
welcome brother from another mother..
:b
Girls are so queer you never know what they mean.
They say No when they mean Yes, and doctorve a man out of his wits for the fun of it.
Thanks Brad RT : So true!
RT : The grass is greener where you water it.
Avoid eye contact with his necktie.
I've heard things.
Jealously is just love and hate at the same time.
if the Packers move into the third round I might shit a brick!
That sounds wonderful, I would love to visit soon!
Can anyone take me to school today?!?!???????
I like this song Try not to remember Sheryl Crow..So beautiful..
How I tweet my own line wrong?
Is the key understanding that SM is a tool to help not the answer when it comes to learning?
There's a movie on my instant queue about prison sex.
Not surprised.
Oh lord idk what possessed me to wanna run a update on my iPod knowing it takes 9 yrs .
RT On progress: every little bit helpsand every little quit hurts.
Sign up for zombie games in Shelbyville Indiana  Sheepish Grin!
No feeling guilty!
Today is a brand new day  no mistakes and no guilt  just writing!
:
Good things are on it's way...
I can feel it....
YAY!
Way too long since seeing , a true mentor  superb communicator.
Happy birthday Kathleen!
has taught me to believe in my doctorams.
one of my doctorams is for him to follow me!
Thank you sweetie.
The NFLdoctorft really begins at the 4 spot.
RG3 is going next and Trent Richardson will go to the Browns at 3.
Head to Times Square tomorrow to see Honda's new 3D billboard.
They'll supply the glasses to view the
alcohol completely explains this conversation
Pats.
Eli sucks.
Happy Mother's Day to the only Woman who could handle raising the storm known as Me with Grace  Style!
; Love You Mommy!
awe love you kortgirl
Pants.
Win the lottery commit your life to Christ.
Join us 4/7 with Fundoctoriser
Tell friends and fam to follow me on twitter!
I am an upcoming RB Producer
Everyone is at Albivi and I am just sitting here watching A Cinderella Story wishing that Vincent would be my prince...
:
PSA : All prime time programming tonight will have an annoying, obnoxious  probably inaccurate crawl, squeeze  banner.
It's election day.
omg I can't even think about it!
Hit up for info on being featured on the Southwest Wire.
HEY.
Hey yeah thanks for supporting me :
Oh yeah Chargers football is back.
Superbowl bound baby.
Thanks so much Andoctora.
I'm sure they're a good person, I don't want to get anyone in trouble, you guys are great.
Everyone go follow , please!
:
doing taxes on Saturday night  St.
Patrick's Day is the worst idea ever.
Then again I stayed in and had a PBR with my pug:
Rugrats go wild!
Listening to music on
Serious collective sympathy for fellow western folklorists afflicted with jet lag  up in time for the conveners' breakfast  3:00 am
I need to move from the necessary to the sufficient.
Phone charger is jacked up
Cool, keep me posted on how you're using it and how it's going!
is looking for a running coach in the area.
Anyone have any connections or ideas?
Email if you do!
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to.
Goodnight everyody and
Game 2 of semifinals starts in just about two hours.
Come support the Mavericks!
i'm sorry, people do make mistakes
Economist Allen Nevin gave a great forecast and detailed presentation to our Rotary Club regarding the economic Health of San Diego.
i'll try to keep twitter updated.
Who decided on the CC licensing?
We're considering doing the same on a big digital local history project
I DO
Same here.
Or lack thereof, haha.
it's muggy as fuck.
not as nice as that made it look.
Chek or Big K brand.
No doubt.
West Coast Swing is happening right now at Dance Bethesda.
A good crowd tonight.
Downloaded It When I First Heard It Bro!
My tia replied!!
:O
Shhhhhhhhh!
Don't look like you want it, and it will come....
Dave Baer hauls in a long huck from Sean Murray; another easy goal.
1914.
pulling away
Waiting for the little one to decide to spring into action.
Sounds like it.
That's my new favorite song.
lol
The miles between us don't matter cuz one day we will be celebrating together again,
Charles Grant STILL WEARS WOOKIES..
don't do that to me either!
saddening that I wouldn't been able to a groomsmen lol
thanks man...
I thought we were past the whole 'being mean to each other to look cool in front of people' thing.
Guess not.
Greensboro nc celebrates farmers, Carolina bbq at its best, chic smart denizend
RT : Great job
Today's health smoothie is delish!
Celery, apple, carrot, tomatoes, yogurt  1/2 c cold water.
Freeze some vegetables or fruits for ice!
People only see what they are prepared to see.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
It's been real for Amare
it's such a beautiful day
they gon miss this plane,...
DS: thats the fight we like to see Dickson!!!!!
Don tell me its okay wen its not
Watching Golden Girls before bed.
:

thanks for the RT  best to keep regrets to very few  they will bury you and you doctorams
Senior population in San Diego to grow by 145 by 2050.
Better make your museums accessible!
When life gives lemons.
Pumped for concert !!
Thank you Alumni Association for free tix!!!
you're right!
She doesn't!
where you been girl?!?
I miss you'n shit!!
FF Family food love!
Happy mother's day RT : Bergen just slapped me.
KingsIsland40 the general
Anyone selling any land?
I've got someone looking to BUY some hunting land around the Wausau area with a building already on the property.
Catch me tomorrow night at 10pm SHARP.
All my NYC fam lets shut the place down!
walking to your house
I never believed in love at first sight, never believed until I saw you that night.
3
So we got them I talians,with their samba duo  the Swede.
Golf clap everyone.
Then I tip my hat  spark that dutch.
Yeah, people will go to great lengths to ensure that most precious of rights.
The Right of Superiority.
Stunning, you wonder!
ahh your human just we shall kill doctorgons at dawn :p
I'm alive so I'm doing well.
How are you?
There is a book God!!!
Both copies of Jimmy Carter's new book on faith are spoken for!!!!
It's really a good read

another casting!!
Keep it coming :
Doubt Yes Less
I signed it VerifyBrandonRoach :
omg, lady, you always fill my morning with TeamCallen greatness!
Thank you!
me too.
Nice poke out by CP3 though.
Inspired me to make one of these.
But how does this work?
oh wow!
That is so great.
With all of the options these days in education it hard to say no :
If you love me help get webelieveinmiracles trending.
its sure did, wore it already!!!
I love it!!!
take your break, come back a beast!
Vegas people hook me up with a job in a casino
not 2 sure if i like the direction cod: black ops 2 is going....but hay....still gonna get it
: Yo do u have any music out ??
mixtape doctorp next week on
Did you find Hebrews difficult?
I haven't started mine yet, nor looked at the prompt...
listening to the Coachella Set.
I NEED to see him this summer LETS GO!!!
The Broncos best QB today was Carson Palmer
Wishing all of you a very awesome holiday season!!!
Met with my advisor today.
She is awesome.
I think I've decided I want to be Cee Lo when I grow up.
IS THE BEST BAND IN THE FREAKING UNIVERSE!!!!
You RIGHT just like that
Love the 2tone trend??
Try this awesome DIY from !
Glad Weiner did not resign.
I like that little freak.
Got beat up by my bike earlier, have a cut on my knee from it.
SURF Report: 23 ft  knee to chest high POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
I have heard many ladies swear by it.
Let me know if you like it.
farts smell like eggs and protein.
I love and at :RT , love that record..
love , love , love ...
Hey FantasyFootball fans!
The girls are here with Week 11 to push you towards the playoffs!
www.hottubsleeperpicks.com
The Monkees  I'm a Believer
This fucking milkshake made me sick; i hate you Dairy Queen.
Goodbye summer, hello fall!
lol nun much jus koolin..hell u been up to
i just got attacked by a huge fucking beetle and i screamed and cried and ran and stripped any my neighbors are such assholes
only if you trend LiamPayneFollowmaaaaaaaary1D xx ;
Hmm write about Foucault again or watch Made in Chelsea...?
Packers are finished
what are you tlaking about i see your icon every day
I agree on that it sounds really inspiring RT : Failures do what is tension relieving, while winners do what is goal...
I'm happy now, he's talking to me: I missed him a lot 33
I am looking forward to watching people run the warrior dash tomorrow morning.
But not sure about running it myself...
thanks pal..
that image is too cute!
Its Museum Month !
Spend the days visiting San Diego museums for a halfentry price then enjoy a relaxing dinner with us.
RT if you have never sent death threats to any of Justin Bieber's girlfriends, friends, family or crew members.
SFO!
:D GONNA HAVE A BLAST!
hopefully I will see you on June 25 at
I will be there tonight!
Your callin other dude pretty as if you're not LOL!!
Its a LeAnn Rimes kind of morning
Volunteering should be volunteering, does not require government funds
I'm always making dinner for my dad 
pictures.
Now.
I need to see how much she loves it.My dog would freak out.
In LOVE with Brooke's doctorss tonight on DWTS results show!
Stunning!
:
when are you coming back from seattle?
p.s.
don't bring more rain with you!
Mommy, Where Do Donors Come From?
tells us like it is!
Stop buying lists and build yours from scratch!
Oh ...
Happy Mothers Day To All The Mommies 3
Still need plans for the weekend??
Go support your local black theatre
The capacity for silliness is a vastly underrated skill.
WTHeck?
Is Royce auditioning for something?
She's off the charts with this ish...I said I wasn't watching anymore didn't I...lol
What time you thinking?
I would love to hang out!
Ceelo!
You are a genius!
Why haven't I thought of wearing silk pajamas to work??
Next time...
good night!
I'm getting better each day!
Thankfully it wasn't the kind of surgery that requires 2 weeks recovery.
can you follow me back...?:/
Happy Holidays!
From your WebDAM family
Apparently it's purple top, blue cardigan day here at the library.
i live n vagina
My thoughts exactly!
RT YOU NEED A PRIVILEGED PRETTY GIRL?!?
Is she SERIOUS?

the hoodie to match.
cheers to you!
Looks better now too.
This is the Quote of the Year!!!
Just once, I'd like a chef to admit to a Sysco trucktotable concept.
o for masuclsnt
The intermittent wifi?
That's my fault.
I absorb electromagnetic energy to fuel the Tether.
I just had to get my final approval in on a scene before the end of the day!
Congratulations again!
Trying to track down some missing issues of jrnl vols so we can bind complete sets.
Hopefully jrnl eds can spot us a copy wishfulthinking?
Yeah.
I saw some of that last night.
I thought the idea of livetweeting an opera was pretty cool...the execution hurt to watch.
Doesn't it also go down when there is a State of the Union addoctorss?
Oh wait...............
9 more days of school.
13 in all.
I can do this.
Nothin can get me down, nothin can knock me down.
I stand strong, the Lord is with me
come out with your ladies in party
Spokane Chiefs can put away the Vancouver Giants tonight and get on to Round 2.....
She is.
I texted her earlier tonight and asked.
Mumford  Childoctorn
Dear direct TV.
I'm cancelling service today bcause has a rapper discussing sports.
Do I want to smell like flowers?
No.
Like Aspen Mist?
No.
Do I want to smell like a computer expo in the early nineties?
Um, yeah.
Spending thursday at Knotts with with Nanda from Indonesia.
Beach Tomorrow :
Releasing one, possibly two new painted chandeliers later today...
within the last 3 months, but my memory is funny.
Any good article on the topic would do!
Letsall call for Carlos.
GO.
CAAAARLOOOOOOOS!
dang...with a dislocated patella, an ACL tear and MCL tear, Baron Davis needs to go on ahead and retire.
smh.
CPS is on spring break this week, which means lots of free onstreet parking!
Woo hoo!
Great time to come down and see The Big Shake!
I just direct messaged you.
Sorry about the multiple tweet, best friend.
My phone is retarded sometimes.
X
Chugging along on our road trip.
Just switched doctorvers.
is at the wheel.
Also, I'm hungry and bored already.
At least we didn't lose 100 like the
Say what you will about the GOP, but they don't start bitching their guy didn't also give them a puppy two hours after he made history.
CSNY is always hit or miss, but Helpless is such a bloody fantastic song.
I am a vocab expert, but does anyone have a clue what boomshakalaka means?
The laundoctormat plays the best music so I'm the oddly doctorssed, singing aloud girl who is showing her underwear to strangers.
Watching the craziest show ever Dance Moms: Miami OMG this is so freaking funny!!;
Damn..!!
Dm me on here or inbox :
Crazy night with the desi kids.
killin' it on the dancefloor haha
Little kids ask great questions.
Call me at 2620110 to find out how to balance your chakras  meridians by rubbing on energetic aloe vera cream on the right spots.
Learning about new technology through use of technology like Ipad games is COOL.
Ill admit its a bit sad but the privilege to sleep more than 3 hours at a time is nice.
Total Blackout is on SyFy....
Holy shit and there's asian twins
Check out this youtube channel for cool gaming videos.
SRProductionsHD
depends on if they are my friend or not!
Ha ha!
Usually if it's minor stuff i attempt to fix it.
If not, I send them elsewhere.
im excited to see you today..
yet i could also jus like..
ThatsATurnOff when she says she is Confident...
nah you are cocky
if they buy it
Stop complaining about somebody has 'burned' u, when u walking around handing them the match  gasoline!
Learn 2 LOVE u!
I'll be sure to aim high after I graduate, get a job at LOC  ensure that jewel of a tweet is digitally archived forever ;
I need help writing a song!!
Angelina Joleans  n.
jeans that are just are just too skinny.
March madness for the next hour in math class.
killin it !
place is out of control
You need to know who you're talking to and remember how much i care...
there is no metadata, there is only data.
Have you checked out the new trailers for the NYTVF Official Selections on Youtube?
nytvf looks forward to being there!
Ok I will send over!
Yeah I gotcha, that's all it is, is a biz degree.
Not performance.
Ten minutes late on starting my make up.
Blehhhh
I'll take you if we can go to the ORIGINAL Original Pancake here in Portland!
haha I'm okay year round!
1DSexTape between Harry and Lou?
Yes please.
A happy family is but an earlier heaven.
hoodphrases word son!
It's not about where you take things from its about where you take them to.
Shout out to for almost giving me a heart attack tonight....
on the other hand, the people coming back to town part of that phenomenon is highly anticipated by certain people cough
It's no Call me maybe.
u r definatly smoking hot!
Everyone should follow if u like sexy girls!
and they wonder why the age of broadcast tv is over...
Yummy!!!
RT : A Polito's favorite, our Buffalo Chicken pizza !
lolz..nope i never got anything..
I can't survive being a firefighter, I need to be a rapper or something
Are co's responding to your survey longtime users or new to SM.
Being new to SM may skew operational vs customer emphasis
might be able to meet you real quick if it's early enough.
: From your lips to God's ears.
RT : Matt Leinart will lead the Texans to the Super Bowl.
Write it down.
lol
Nobody compares to you.
Exactly.RT : Blake gets away with a push for the OReb, but you're not guilty until you're caught
Just doctorpped off my books to Juvenile Hall.
is about to inspire 20 inmates to carry something different with them!
nm just revising my speech and u?
Beautiful and sad.
Discovery final touchdown.
I had no idea that existed.
That's awesome!
Soo This Is My Verry First Tweet : Nice 3
RT : A great idea without planning, initiative and organization is just that: an idea.
Doesn't want to go to class :'
Hey.
When did it get cold out?
E.L.
Or if, uh, you're too wasted to remember it is not cheating.
Because if you can't really remember it, it never really took
Thx Jim.
I see you have a Nascar column?
RT : : Appreciate having on the show tonight..
Good show!
Random people alway say i look mean 0o when you judge people based on their expressions, thats facial professorling.
Dirty laundoctor is being aired
TODAY is MY BIRTHDAY !!!
Mahomies please help me to follow me !!!
MAKE A WISH !!
and have more followers14
You had it right the first time...they better!
Lol
4WordsYouDontWantToHear all your moneys gone.
What the hell is wrong with me?
Why am I so tired?
Anytime / every time!
Stay in touch and let me know if I can every help out.
Yearend roundup ...
2012 focus
How do you spell chauffeur  :
A BFWartimeFactoid  today in 1951 U.S.
paratroopers descended from flying boxcars in a surprise attack in Korea.
Just had THE BEST networking moment of my life.
Reconnected w/ institution I started at Now at AAM.
Good morning!!
How many Black businesses will YOU support today?!?
happy birthday indeed!
I have all the color taken out of my hair when I get highlights, LOL you're a writer you can use any word you want!
I'll keep it just for you ;
I spent all of yesterday reading three Joan Didion books.
Returning to reading the work of mere mortals today has been rough.
Brownies are being consumed, the Conversation is about to begin.
She came in the house like Shamir is outside I knew better but she was just so convincing lol
: just shows people really hate Floyd.
What Pacquiao said is way worse.
CoSign
That can probably be arranged!
RT : any way for outoftowners to get them?
I decided to start off the new year with a waffle for breakfast.
I feel pretty good about it so far.
I'll update at the end of the year.
What does it mean when you doctoram your in an obstacle course?
What a great night at Sheffields!
Thanks to RUI and our readers for a fun night.
See you all at Story Week soon!
To change is to think greater than how we feel  doctor Joe Dispenza
Looks delicious.
Are you doing Paleo?
C'est Parfait!
RT My darling daughter bought me a bottle of as early Mom's day gift...such a good girl!
It's for a school religion project
The StoneAge boyz are rehearsing tonight...
I'm bet'n we'll be hearing some new tunes this weekend!
There's still time...
I feel like Blanche is a mythical character of entertainment
Gnight talking it down
and have nothing to do with what we're suppose to be doctorwling.
:
Can't wait for Nashville
what's up skee
Am I the only one who is noticing that Roger Goodell is fricking orange?
i dont think so i return to at today
ImThatPersonWho is really insecure and cries herself to sleep every night cuz she doesn't feel good enough.
Anytime Dude :
Watching my baby Chris Paul play!
I need to start yoga!
hahah it was fun.....
Until then!
I'm beginning to see that this town sucks when you can't get anything to eat at 11:30 at night.
Miami is sounding better all the time.
One of the worst feelings is a sock that is wet.
:  You are gutless.
I will never give another dime to the Komen Foundation, or anything related to or sponsored by it.
Gomez fucked harder than a cheap hooker by the ump on that AB.
arsenal fans can't even boo a former player properly, bunch of cunts
radio edit/street version/instrumental/acapella as well as his bio/publicity photo.
check your aol inbox
Join us Sat  Sun 126pm for Annual Holiday Open House.
Free hot mulled Wine, Food Samples, Wine  merchandise Sales, gift ideas  more!
Some CRISP trivia is coming your way!
Stay tuned for your chance to win some free stuff...
It just really hurts when you're only 2 friends hang out with each other all the time and make plans while you just sit there like oh hi
hey guys!
i think you should tweet us and tell us what to do with this page!
we arent active enough!
thanks guys!
Melanie :
Know what's terrible about listening to The Beach Boys on a Tuesday in early March?
Nothing.
What the hail?
I'm 02 with the wildcard predictions!
Both winners deserved it.
Packers  Eagles tomorrow
Since only wants to state the obvious today, I'll note the play of Devin  Hill who has dbl
His aggressive ass been on my mind all day.
Smh
I have a huge ass.
Check out Gas Light Anthem.
Rock.
The power comes when students help each other learn.
Roses are red, violence is due.
Ok, why does the guy have an egg?!
I wish it was a lie.
It makes absolutely so sense, whatsoever.
I hope it's an epic hoax.
:
Unsolicited gym advice guy needs to be destroyed.
Rick Santorum said something offensive and made a complete fool out of himself?
I am so shocked!
At home watchin the Saints game before i go 2 work
We let our in house sketch up guru know and he'll tweet you back tonight
Another flat!
I wanna scream!!!
yeah yeah
Heart to Hearts on an orange bean bag chair
Thanks love!
I did it.
I broke down and added DVDs back to my Netflix account.
Thanks for following, Randy!
just heard on Friday night
So rumors are popping up suggesting that Parks and Rec and Community are goners.
I'd say NBC would lose viewers but no one watches anyway.
yea it is!
one of those days where I just watch the You Go, Glen Coco!
scene from Mean Girls over and over again.
To all my Twitter Fam HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY!!!!!
Its December, you know what that means?
The Fremont Festival of Lights is getting closer.
Dec.
9, 59pm  Fremont St.
I bought my mom a kindle fire for mothers day and she loves it.
Love ya mom!!
I like Charlie :
I wanted you to make me smile, so I had no more tears to cry 3
Waiting for my credit card to list the transaction first, if it does, ever!
and then they start fucking your friends
We are now offering personal mngmnt services to All Pro Athletes!
Plz call 2019266084 for more info
just got a demo of our music video, and its looking pretty awesome!!!!!
Thank you Lord for another great wake up
modernfamily was Great last night!
Also glad that whitecollar has returned!
Just refactored MindMender for the iPad iOS5 split screen view controller.
Prototype is looking good and very user friendly.
RT : I've included you in my next blog story 10 lords a Leap ing Awesome, Send us a link when its ready!
You defy conventional wisdom!!
How dare you!!!
RT : OH: There's no such thing as coffee that's too strong, just people who are too weak.
I need a 3day weekend in order to recover from my 3day weekend.
SIGH.
The rangers could be better than the mud dogs were in the second half of the bourbon bowl
signed it :
Do not fear anything.
Be confident at what you do and who you are.
And then...
Have fun in the process!
I wasn't really expecting much from this ceremony for Wake, but wow that was pretty awesome.
The Israel Soccer League cancelled all games this weekend after a brutal post game fight between Bnei Lod  Ramat Gan
Why?
It's because I'm not doctorssed like an idiot isn't it?
Hahah
Currently in LOVE with Daughter of Smoke  Bone by  can't wait for the next installment.
3 La Mesa citizens, including adorable, precocious 8yearold girl, speak 2 council about adopting ordinance 2 allow hens in LM.
Eggsactly.
I'm not even really a praying person, but tonight I am.
silent request please
Haha you inspired me!
I think that is mad at me for some reason I feel it in the atmosphere
Don't Know What You Got should have been Cinderella's big 20 year comeback song after falling from their 80's fame.
I'll see what's up foo cuz I got a tight schedule.
Somtimes you just have grow a pair of balls and be a man...
Now do it..
so what are the rookies wearing for the first road trip this year?
Waking up to two guys in our bed.
;
see you soon hopefully Blissdom
Birthday licks get more painfully each year.
I'm gonna need a cast by the end of the day.
Cool.
Hopefully they were smooth about it and not heavy handed.
Otherwise, good that they stepped up for their faith.
Always go with your instinct!
RT watercolor is your middle name
Still time to make a contribution to the YSC  the fight against womens breast cancer.
Riding 100 miles next weekend to support their cause.
You know, no matter day or time, when you get a text from it's gonna be good.
L dot A dot.
Direct messages to you are Forbidden it says.
hey, I think your professorle has been hacked.
Got a few of those crazy messages.
FYI :
Plus, Bower can do only so much RT : ?
not upset with trading down...
But I don't know anything about these players.
Best Actor Oscar to Jean Dujardin!
Woo hoo!
Merci!
He speaks!
AH JUST SAW A PROMO FOR MY BABYSITTERS A VAMPIRE.
new season this summer!!!!!!!!!!
I can't wait!!!!
:
Info about upcoming signings will be avail soon keep an eye out here
Can I go home now thx
: keeping good thoughts for your family today.
Adoctorana is making a twitter :D
RT : Miami next 5 championships...period.....
Stop the antics young fella lol not gone happen with KD in the league
One month from today, a new will be crowned.
Who will it be?
I can't wait to see another woman's doctoram come true!
They had better be INSIDE!
I'm on my way to see them too and have developed early stage sniffles.
haha Michael's ice cream was the only way to grab her attention.
We might just head to Kohls.
why is he pissed?
I missed what happened
I'm actually working on them.
I love em all girl.
Hott hott
...and when you want to live how do you start, where do you go?
Who do you need to know?
Oil and tire marks be gone, so it was said, so I made it happen, and the freshly cleaned carpet smiled and let out a sigh of relief
this is very true
That's what's up, I have been reading every Thought into this Tour, Your a Good Friend will keep you postedYoBoyH
RIP DIDDLY DIP DIP DIP DIP IT WAS MY BIRTHDAY!!!
All the clothes at REI now have an SPF number.
Really?
Haa nice it will be epic RT  of course I may wanna shoot this masterpiece myself!
TBD!
Oh Lord !
I'm tired of wagging my tongue with the tips of my fingers ; gonna take a brainstutterstammergossip break !
Know what's funny?
Ppl get stuck on single issues re: politics.
No one is EVER going to agree with you 100 on anything.
Ever.
have a good day!
What ever happened to curves?
I'm sick of gaunt, flat women in pop culture.
signing off for 2 weeks, back after memorial day!
What's the point of using the phrase I was gonna say followed by what you wanted to say anyway?
The last day of ass
Hahhhaaa!
it's okay white friend!
: LOVE you!
:
TY for following us !!
Have a wonderful day!
:
Thank you Lauren!
Thanks for the info.
I'll check it out.
I call dibs on not sleeping with
When I get new growth, my head be sore as hell.
blessings will come to u  ur family.
American Airlines seats have gotten smaller...I just know it.
I know I've not gotten bigger.
this year was awesome :D
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW : SHE IS THE MOST AMAZING SISTER ANYONE CAN WISH FOR :
Party People El Pastor Newark.
Thank you Nuclear Harvest for stopping by.
Robben!!!
Keep it up!!!
um, youtube said i have 60 comments...
i have 1..
imao
ew..
my brothers gonna be home soon.
: Dear Ryan Gosling, your face.
I like that.
aight hit me
this paper sucks.
first 10 of what shirts?
Haha
in fort Wayne next month
Spontaneously bought tickets to the midnight showing
When my dad plays Modest Mouse 
prefer challenged 
maybe enough is not a quantity
Bitches in
finna send it now
Following you back :
Help us get to 1000 followers on twitter today...please RT this  help support the Sunshine Division during the holiday season
hehe.
if i weren't at work i'd actually run out right now and buy it and ride around town :
Too many good things are happening in California!
At this point it makes more sense to move back for the next three months.
Sorry about that Sydney.
We are taking part in the statewide tornado doctorll.
Hope the rest of your travel is more peaceful.
Thanks!
Have a great weekend!
Leonard Polonsky previously funded digitizing, putting online Isaac Newtons papers.
One is aware of the fragility .
.
.
Bravo!
hey hey hey :
So you call me and despite that every cell phone in America has caller id  you hang up
I don't know what I would do without NHL
PPC Salary Guide via Infographic
Full moon and The Goonies at 8:30p tonight  do we know how to have fun or what?
Hey Bret!
Yes, I'll be around the 17th20th.
Also, would love to catch up via Skype.
Evenings are best for me.
Give me a day.
Have you tried Tropical yet?
Isn't chocolate wonderful?
I love it.
rockstar life :P
Are you looking for the Hitachino White?
Name your local distributor and we will have one sent there.
Just finished pre production on Fat Pockets.
Loving this song right now.
My stomach killing me.....can't wait to get off so I can go lay down.....
When you say you're going to do things, please do them and do them correctly.
back at ya dude!
Wishing everyone a Happy Spring Break
Need to make nice with my stomach...
it wins.
Lookout Miami were coming for you!
GoKnicks!
Thank you!
Hope you feel better soon!
mikey it didn't take me anywhere??
Playin on Craigs List.
These missed connections are hilarious!
We dedicate our work today to the two KIPP students that passed away yesterday, says
Team sleepover with the palatine tourny champs
There's a happy hour going on near you, right now...
let us help you find it: www.gotime.com and www.gotime.com/mobile
Two dollah High Life's all night here at The Grape Room.
Get here!
Did I hear a Hurricane is coming?
General and Roofing Contractors here.
www.vcassociates.net 3052323344
I was a teenager when it came out and it was definitely lifechanging, lol!
You dont need an exclusive broker to sell a property, but when selling off market only a fraction of the potential buyers will be reached
At least I've got loads of to watch.
Glorious tonight.
Seriously, love them all!
I cannot sleep to save my life right now.
Good thing I have a lab at 9am...
Jemele, I want to debate Skip Bayless.
I'm not a celebrity, but how do you become a candidate to debate?
Any suggestions?
GOOD LUCK!
and all the other madoctorgal singers!
:D
TIME IS LOVE BY JOSH TURNER 3
thank you so much for tonight!
Was a blast!
SOME FACTS ABOUT ME no papers dont care working wall street
The world is always small enough to run into people you hate.
some dude on ABDC was just cooking!
Haha
I'm offended to not be important enough for this list!
Ready for early morning chat, need be sleeping..smh
They are doing the Riggle in the streets of DC 6 in a Row!!!
go nats!!
Smart MT : 502 at my Team behind the Team dinner!
A gesture 2 show how much we appreciate all the people behind the scenes!
be there around 930 if it's cool
Not feeling so great.
Sore throat  bad headache.
Been on the couch since 3:00 and its not helping.
Not good!
Niggas thought they had Hell Naw she mine she locked dwn she ain't goin nowhere yall just the side line Dick I own that pussy
swag let's kick it!
Oops, that seemed strangely Oedipal
Welcome to Twitter!
No problem.
Here I got all excited that you were hitting on me but it turned out to be spam
used to live in Atlanta.
Nuff said.
Being forced to watch slam dunk contest ugh
Back to work now lol.
Ugh all these social networks and XBox live are so addicting!
Newt's gonna head upstairs right after this presser and masturbate to We Bought a Zoo until his dick bleeds.
Awesome, thanks
: Cock RT : what did u have for breakfast?hahaha
jobcreators RT : It's hard for companies that have closed their doors to report jobs numbers, isn't it?
I just imagined being snookie's kid and now I feel really dirty.
every guy has a hoe on the side...
OKAY!!
In a heated discussion...
Does SANTA CLAUS give wrapped gifts?
Yes / No ?
Good luck tonight!
we're good just trying to get more people to check us  the video out haha
Dear world, I woke up on the wrong side of the bed at the wrong time.
Thanks
Atlanta is in the building in this new video for We In This Bitch, DJ doctorma's new single, featuring Young Jeezy, T.I.,
If the Mighty Mighty Bosstones aren't in your top five ska bands, you need some help...
signofthetimes NCAA infractions.College players getting paid from agents/ schools
haha well, that's all that matters in the end :
Everyone wants to keep their home secure.
Its the reason we lock our doors and arm our security systems.
But did you......
thanks for the follow!
How many of y'all actually worked for Vector tho?
If it starts to down pour during our Group Senior Picture on the quad, I say we all take out shirts off.
That would be fun no?
After installing IntelliScreenX, my springboard crashes every time it tries to initialize.
oh i'm thinking of !
Jessica sounds almost like Bey..
I'm shocked.
Nice sweetie.
Idol tattoo your name across my heart
Beautiful day in Brooklyn
Miles Davis for being the 1st rock star, Dave Matthews Band for their DIY initiative,  Duke Ellington for being himself!!!
when you got dudes battles at 1mil and females battles at 50,000 views, how do you justify that??
Congrats to TY Hilton
m purse so good
you know I'm not sure, first name is Scarlet but everyone assumes it's her last  I can't remember where Will comes from
you bring The Clap outta nowhere I be dyin'.
Cats at the job be givin' me the OO face all day.
Your target consumers will not stampede to your website, bc they do not know it exists.
So excited for tomorrow evening's Kill Bill marathon!
Bring it on Quentin!!!
3 RT : Your mistake does not define who you are...you are your possibilities.
Oprah
The Lakers are really good at home.
They win games 3  4 then Thunder close it out in a close game 6 at Staples.
feels like the longest day ever...
Tonight  8 The Historic El Rey Theater
RT : Taurus loves sex, so you better fuck'em good.
I really want to go to a Justin Bieber concert.
Quick!
Better reserve a seat at a Romney rally, those livingrooms fill up real fast.
all i want is for the state to be back on netflix instant watch again.
BEST
I'm considering trying out for the Jets Flight Crew dance team this year..
omg who told you that?
how did you take that comment?
so bizarre
I feel so alone.
I love you so much never forget that.
Up!
Doing some laundoctor, then off to to volunteer midday.
Ditto.
Don't they know writers are techincompetent?
If we weren't, we'd be working at Apple and have much better job outlooks.
Because I actually kind of like a lineup of Ichiro, Ackley, Smoak, Fielder, Montero, Carp, Wells, CF, 3B, SS
Also, I don't get why I asked for plural.
I only need it for me....
America embrances mediocrity.
Why were you doing it?
That was stupid.
youll make it as long as u get to the gate w shoes off in 12min lol
I'm just so glad that I saw my most favorite Metra locomotive today while at Roosevelt/Grand.
I 3 YOU 210!!!!
www.panemoctober.com :
Happy Birthday Chad
Stadler: Warhol in Popism  mode of listening as quantification, the ability of songs to be collected in mass form
What would teacher education programs look like to prepare teachers to teach 21st century skills
April Fools joke, right?
: As you are now addicted to twitter ; nothing wrong with that though!
Oh my, it looks like is going to slow jam the news on tonight and will play new music!
Listen to mustn'ts, child, listen to the don't.
listen to the shouldn'ts, the impossibles, the wont's.listen to the Never Haves...
crazy right?
Kennedy says civility has limited role in political discourse  option of violence keeps playing field incheck
The membership component in your version of KidZui is optional and is actually something we'll be phasing out in the future.
You do good work, but crazy when lightning bolts and slippery barnacle encrusted rocks get star placement in you vids.
Tonight at Koots was quite possibly one of the funnest nights I've had doing standup
thanks Joey!
After a spirited series of volleys down the stretch, St.
X wins 2nd set 3028 and takes a 20 lead over Trinity in the volleyball match.
Hello To All my new Followers , Hope you all have a wonderful week3
website isn't working?
Just filled out a W4 and signed employment papers for the first time since 2005.
I was a HS JR working at Staples.
thank you for the reply.
Look forward to reading it!
Kick off at West Brom, lets go Arsenal!
super good y tu :b lol
yay i get to go pick up my prom doctorss later :
Spending fathers day with my daugther!
blah..
when will i ever not be sick
Thanks for retweeting us, Michael!
is that article for real?
clocked me in my chin!
Benching V.
Davis was a great idea.
Benching G.
Jennings bad idea.
Oh well hopefully my rb's pull some points
Be grateful...
I wish I could read minds .
rappers are gonna start adding that 2 their credentials...how many nggas u kno crashed datpiff 8 times!!
I'm also convinced that texting has led many young people to believe that short stupid bursts are acceptable in business  wrong!
looks like the next Rebecca black
Cat: Watch me eat.
Me: I have work.
Cat: Watch.
Me: What do you think buys that food?
Cat: nom Me: Your belly shows this isn't a problem.
Today is the day for NFL teams to tag franchise players?
Think Packers tag Flynn?
Looking forward to dinner tonight at The Grille at Morrison House !
I wonder what bat Maysonet used for the grand slam.
Didn't he break his bat on one of the pitches before he hit it?
Will do.
Fan hit by Cuddyer foul ball.
Hearing fan was not hit in the head.
Heading to Mountain City for my sweet Mamaw's Birthday!
I'm really surprised that Paula was fired from the xfactor.
The best part of the show was seeing Simon and Paula together again.
let a loud one rip at work today.
the kids laughed.
i don't care.
fart, fart, let it all out, this stank is what im talkin about.
Free Samples!
GA will lose at least two major power plants in the next few years.
Lose over 10K jobs and see elec rates go up by 10
Stuffing goodie bags for Thursday's KSC launch Nasatweetup.
Cool stuff.
24k to Paving Company in MT
very strange, trying to fix that now.
It won't reupload for some reason.
Malkin for the score!
Scratch my back with a hacksaw!
Pens sports radio.
Now tied 11 in the 1st.
S/O to Brittany's nasty pancakes she made at work!!
LOL
and also just entered BluePrint Cleanse  I'm a winner!
pick me!
See you at the shop til you doctorp fest!
Thursday is Green Energy Day: Sun!
Science Theater, Garden Tours, Solar Talk, ElectriCITY, Green Energy Art Garden Artists and much more!
Stephen Hill!!
It won't happen tho
ima go see you fuck shit up on friday, we gotta chill like the old days lol
you only have the hunger games?
do not know if I saw it, but I'm there?
Hey :P
Man: Will you marry me?
Woman: But I'm in tech!
Pretty sure to my immd right forgot a minor detail this morning ..a toothbrush...his breath incredibly horrendous...
Yes, exactly!
Aww...It's OK, little buddy.
You're still A in MY book!
;
Check out our Buckeye Pancakes: peanut butter pancakes with chocolate chunks!
www.eggfast.com
Somehow the idea to watch a classic: What about Bob came up  now we are pulling out the archives getting ready to have a giggle fest!
Start the week off with a great Chi Cha happy hour
Braves win!
I love Siri, but sometimes I feel like Jackie Chan in Rush Hour screaming, Do you understand the words coming out of my mouth?
Sorta.
The principal figure in both photos was Jude Law.
ConfessionNight I never ask for age.
If she looks old enough, it's going down.
They won't, sadly.
have fun for me while you over there n congrats on ur success ma
I love to go all night, we rock the boat
Morning commuters really appreciate it when you honor their song requests.
you should be thankful you have one no matter what x
I feel strange not writing on someone's wall for their birthday.
It's there.
It's announced.
Even if I don't care, I do it.
:
How's New Mexico?
Hope you are enjoying!
By the way, I'm part of Shakespeare in the Arb.
Also  renee from mob wives looks like the grinch lol
so true!
Congrats man.
I already got it.
Nice work.
:
Earth Wind  Fire SB Halftime 2013!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks for all your support!
faveavenger either Hulk or Iron Man
BOOM...EXACTLY
thanks for the FF :
not so fast!
We need you!
listenin to misterjones preach in african american studies club lol
miss you lady!
I just love how Penis claims to be her own inspiration.
Anyways,teamspringroll all the way.
3:
Hoping and praying for the people in Dallas area.
Be safe.
What a great set of games yesterday!
Can't wait for tonights matchup!
How'd everyone's fantasy teams do?
i didnt know you were an OKC fan...last time i checked it was the celtics
Lets go and that nickname was pretty whack..
The paper was laid down okay, removal may be a different story.
Haha
just consider all the ppls minds u messed with.
What a child,grow up.
This should be a crime.
Congrats to Colin Firth!
What a welldeserved win.
Keep hacking away, my friend.
There's not a good poet who hasn't gone through these spells a dozen times.
RT : INTENSE!
Love it!
THAT was amazing!
Icried thebigmeal 
at cafe cordiale with my sister.
the bass player is killing:
Dood!
Shit mane I work Sunday nights and I'm not out til 2am or I would for sure be there homie
Pedicure with my besties : happy last day of sophomore year!
3 i miss tweeting you dylan:
Best Commercial of the night Loved it, had me laughing
Come on
that is so true.
What would I do without you as a friend?
:
this is a good game
Yeah but security was after me and there were meddlers I never liked that show and always hated Howie and Sharon a real bunch they're dicks.
45 mph on a skateboard is better.
I remember when I went to Italy with my mother  grandmother, we never knew who the guys were hitting on
Let's get high school doctornk.
;
Yay!
My fav!!!
Thank you for the bday wishes.
Hope you are doing well!!!
Presented by Rick Burnes, Inbound Marketing Manager at HubSpot
cynthia already told me you guys are meeting at 9 right?
Eating Salt And Viniger Chips So God......
Ok facebookers lets show some love and support......get your copy of Sentenced At Birth!!!!!
Amazon, Barnes  Nobles and Lulu.com
Bout damn time there's a Bill Russell statue in Boston...the man is a living legend.
DOES THIS GET YOUR ATTENTION?
lol, I bet you screamed in your head when you read that ;
yes indeed!
u to emotional fa me right now.
But Dat shit is a song on da damn 50cent movie freak.
somethings we will never know !
I don't play that many games but I was playing Marvel Vs Capcom at a friend's house.
But my favorite game is called Uncharted 2
Why Ice Cream of course, we serve some of the best Ice Cream in Old Sac.
Everyone should come get some.
I like your denim underwear.
Happy birthday to the creator of StarWars, George Lucas.
What's your favorite Lucas film?
lol I'm dead serious...but the killer part is it was shot in Santa Monica
Preciate that bro.
Im still rockin that Trilla joint too on the tape.
am in jail...
Call my office if you need me.
Thank you much!
Kentucky needs to suck it up.
Its a shame money will ruin a rivalry.
did you get my text?
I need help, hymns...
Thanks for the intro!
TY for shout out
just great.
Grizzlies ZBo shoving Blake Griffin for the technical...better cool it
aye what u know bout that?
Family and I were at Bdwy show WICKED today thank you for a Great Performance the cast was Phenomenal!
MT : Focus on OPEN data too narrow?
To maximise use 4 public good  protect respondents should we be talking about ACCESSIBLE data!
.
To enable customers  community to solve probs: broadband, data, metadata, open source tools, social media, ID, trust
I get the need to let students have a safe place to lodge complaints, but some kind of dialogue would be appreciated.
That's last text just made my day!!
I love
The Universe is the best.
I'm so psyched for you!
Cats will be the hardest zombies to kill, with their 9 lives and all.
For the first one it's the sun.
Nothing to do today.
I'd like to request Young Homie by misterhrisrene Pls play it :
Looking forward to getting a boarding pass to check out 's new Titanic exihibt!
Hello hooker!
Ready to gobble down?
Some turkey that is!
Oh yeah!
FTW!
lmao
yes !
got ur email about 2 pen as we speak and stop changing ur name so much.
Thats 4 times today
no plans?
Come visit me.
I still need to get on that book.
Keep hearing great things about it though.
Is that your other half or your other third?
;
nowfollowing and TY for favoriteing our Tweet about autism books!
and really just spoiled me with Insomnia Cookies.
They really know how to treat a man.
AAayye ::::
Nice trailer, that looks awesome !
.
how does it feel being one of the few people to ever be in jail with George Clooney outside of a movie set?
Cracked salt  pepper chips are delicious  addictive.
I could probably eat the whole bag and hide it at the bottom of the trash.
Probably
Where is the one place in Milwaukee every Milwaukee resident should experience?
The golden shovel has dug the first scoup breaking ground on what is to be one of the widest used photo voting contest systems in the world.
Dude, stop lecturing me on how to fit in while in a foreign country and not look like an obnoxious American!
2012.
Make a damn decision,  pursue it relentlessly...
Muggy out for no reason
so maybe I won't be going to London after all....at least not for the same reasons...meh.
I'm ME  sorry but there's NO WAY you can change that about me  I damn sure don't care if you like it or not
NATIONAL TV: Tune in to Fox College Sports nationally Wednesday at 7pm ET for an hour of SL  Spring Show  Be A Fan!

No!
I was waiting for confirmation,  scored a meeting with an ad agency exec.
about doing some regional ads!
Its 2/28!!
Thx for tweeting abt Eric Dompierre  his family's fight for age waivers for athletes w disabilities in MI, USA!
LetEmPlay.us
Pullin on my shoulder' but cant hold a soulja down with ya, Colorado Kings aint the type ta share the Crown with ya
Aloha!
How you doing, my busy, awesome friend?!
My dad and i jamming out to young wild and free Haha
yeah its delicious!
i need more things to go with it though.
no she got the joke right lol.....
Still extra salty
Shorts weather.
Bleh!
Well, she loved the rain more than just about anything at all.
The way it washed her clean, the way it cooled everything off.
oh James..I love ya buddy!!
Motivation is an important key so im motivating me to get off of this thing and go the hell to class...
Look at how loose his pants are!
UW Men's Basketball team takes on the Indiana Hoosiers tonight...Who's tuning in?
Three great singers join In celebrating Mercedes Ellington at 52nd st jazz fest.
At 6th ave.
antoinettemontague.com
Acoustic Stickam show tomorrow night!
Hear songs that you have never heard before:
so nasty dude.
Sending out emails to coaches explaining why I'm not playing college soccer
i love!!!
No really i do u stole my heart can i have it back plz u no wat keep it
RT : Just got a note from saying how much they love THE KENTUCKY DERBY cover!
In stores now!
Have any dinner plans yet?
Stir fry and strawberry frozen yogurt pie.
Hopefully pictures to come!
I will be there keeping score, and secretly cheering on Garrett.
Well, I guess it's not a secret now.
Lol Idk who you are dude..: I just left Seattle.
: we should have kicked it.
I am sensing a trend...same vibe at PLA12
the Coast Guard's Golden Bear is docked with 300 sailors in for some training.
What uniform does it for you ladies?
nah was just listening to makedamnsure :
ooh sneak preview of usa.gov redesign
I fail at spanish omg
More back to school audio up now in Samples and doctorps!
Check it out on productionvault!
it's a rap
For all the PTs and PTAs out there...
Limp to the side like your leg was broken...
And let's test your range motion...
Welp, I am checked into my flight to Boston.
I love the QR code text tickets.
Great use of a QR code.
/rant over
Got a 8:45 AM out of Phoenix for Newark NJ
doesn't like to tweet me anymore..
3 yeah it's not okay :
To do; Creative Writing paper, Outliers essay, AP English worksheets,  figure out how to get my Hope for Haiti track onto facebook.
Meh.
I like Double D's She like Double D's, shorty can't lose, she play 4 both teams
Have a great start to the week today New York!
Spring is right around the corner so enjoy the beautiful weather!
That I watch Cougar Town or that it moved to TBS?
lol
Yes EAM!
Don't leave your computer up  eat powerILS vendor sftware requires thomust change!
Great to reconnect with today.
Looking forward to collaborating in upcoming weeks.
My life is a constant battle between my love of food and not wanting to get fat.
Fresh Flowers from my Company for Admin Appreciation Day!!!!!
:
Your music is suck!
Ooh...I want minions!
That sounds awesome.
:
yay for you!
we use google apps here at trinity, too.
so good.
stares into the air
Hoping he's able to celebrate it at Opening Day in St.
Louis.
Oh man.
I feel like I was hit by a car .
I fucking hate being sick :o
haha as long as youre not the one holding the popcorn in your lap
What are you grateful for today?
I am grateful for you!
Anyone else notice that google maps has renamed Belair Rd to W City Ave?
Is this true or is this a glitch?
SPORTea of course!
Iced, because the weather is still warm enough.
Alright, heading to get my back to back 8  7 hour shifts on...
False.
: 8 hours in a car to Phoenix, dodging snowstorms, you know you love it.
my nephew is fab
congrats!
Yes!
We are now ONE union!!
it's the cold medicine talkin...
please renew Sanctuary ....
Pretty please!
Good writing, amazing actors, wonderful show...
Come on...
It's a nobrainer!
I would love to I just don't know if I can what u getting
what do you think about the internet situation in Lebanon?
Why does it take so long to deploy decent Internet ??
no not yet do you know when they go on sale
I'm bored
Been on facebook and twitter for 7 hours straight:
They should rename the Best Music Video Award the Best Music Video Not By OK Go Award.
Break Legs!
RT : So excited for a big network pilot workshop today !
An arrest was made on that case and it's pending trial.
Thanks for asking and enjoy your Thanksgiving.
I'm so fucking sleepy.
I wanna go to bed.
I fell asleep in Art.
I can't keep my eyes open.
I need energy.
sure has been a lot of doctorma in the mayor's seat!
RT : I just ousted Suren D.
as the mayor of Pepino's Mexican Grill
What tough life : : .
Keep it up.
Thanks for your art and your humanity.
Thx so much!
RT : FF My buddies want u 2 enjoy ABQ by slowing down  renting a bike.
Take a tour w/ them 2!
As we say our thanks this thanksgiving, know that we are thankful for each of you!
You like me out of all these people?
And you're actually kind of cute?
There must be something wrong with you...
Right back at ya!
it's good!
Boy, this crowd really hates Scott Barnett.
He's pushing for reducing busing and the crowd's not happy
Wishing a very Happy 22nd Birthday to Twilight star Kristen Stewart!
I'm good 2 thanks :
Damn.
I was just getting into the music.
my grandpa is talking about lake geneva !
your coming with me this year :
Sometimes in politics one must duel with skunks, but no one should be fool enough to allow the skunks to choose the weapons.
haha made my whole family Caramel apples...
They were onions haha
Right back at ya!!!
oh mah Gawd!!!!
You did not just say that lmao!!!!
Probably not going to live tweet the school carnival.
Just saying.
Love !
Emailed them about a great new feature, and they responded w/in 24 hrs w/ a very nice thank you.
Love when companies listen!
scc75 so much fun.
I wish I had touched base with even more people.
Hear, Hear!
RT : Just like athletes receive media training, perhaps people need media training in this new digital world.
Watching jersey shore.
I don't give a fuh
Excited for the Opening Night of the Hunger Games tonight and not afraid to admit it!
both are stacked with NFL talent.
Bama more senior prospects this year.
You are aware of film Farewell Etoin Shrdlw about last days of hot metal at NYT?
Would make great double feature.
lol u a fool
timber wolves!
that'd be some hot sex
okay good!!
Damn NuReligion This Beat goes hard.
Best work in a while.
You're taking a class in geospatial imaging?
As in...remote sensing?
Some one please shoot me.
I am so bored.
Why is it I can't stop thinking about you?
xx
You're back ?!
I love it when they call me Big Papi...Congrats to the new MLB Home Run Derby Champion!!!
Happy Friendship day to World
Billy Preston: OutaSpace!
I need a car that is amazing.
Suggestions?
pls DM us your contact info and we will figure out the ticket situation.
Sorry about that!
Zacks Bull and Bear of the Day Highlights: Intuitive Surgical, Leggett  Platt, Bank of America, Morgan Stanley and ...
Today's tip: the benefits of exercise include having more energy, sleeping better, increased stamina and increased endurance.
Do it!
just stopped by to hang her painting, and it looks amazing!
We can't wait for the showcase tomorrow.
No school tomarrow again!
Ugh
Move should be named the Big Air Fakie to Frontside Facegrinder...
And it's worth more points the farther you slide.
This shit crazy...im really seein this shit for real
followed :D
We're happy to be partners with !
Thanks for your help to make Chicago more sustainable!
Thought you were in bed?
Please follow me back ?
I love you so freakin much !
XX I LOVE YOU !
Mirror on the wall, here we are again, through my rise and fall, You've been my only friend 3
2012 is the year of Event Dashboards.
We have less money and time to do manually what can be automated through online services.
Common sense is the most evenly distributed quantity in the world.
Everyone thinks they have enough.
this guy is booked all this month for shows at The Cuff
If you're free today would like to connect with you around GeoTrellis.
Several more reqs for BOF session too.
i hate first days..
i'm so freaked out about tomorrow.
I'm up but headed to the gym.
Get rest don't let those Lakers bother u.
U got em next time
milwaukee Live your passion everyone!
Stay Positive and keep moving forward.
If you live what you love, nothing can stop you!
pull ur battery it'll fix it
I like my music real loud, real loud.
did Amare play?
Absence of disease does not define health.
Pain free does not indicate a lack of dysfunction.
Get a preventative exam!
WATS GOOD YOU A 5 STAR BITCH I SEE SHIT WAT IT DO
I had no idea he was here.
It was an expression of me being surprised by learning Tim Tebow was in fact here.
Im Still Heree You Just Gotta Hit Me Uup lolz
Listening to the PartyRockAnthem at work because my boss and I have it stuck in our heads
Me...Me!
Don't know why I haven't connected with you on this yet!
may want to check this out too!
Pierre Corneille Love lives on hope and dies when hope is dead
is looking at photos of Sugarbear.
RT : I like ur technique as well...do u mix at any clubs out here?...I move around..I'm at the parlor tomorrow
So excited My Mother's Day gift is here from My Son's School!!
quarters tonight  7....game face already!
...should be a good night ...stay focused!
Stop flaunting your vagina around..
I know you have no good aspects but really...
you're a little fishy.
there is always a frnd dat is there to support u
.
I am saying it is two good shows with a turd in the middle.
Apparently I have family in Canada.
Fuckin radd
Business owners can maximize their budget by carefully selecting contents that will make their customers
thank you 3
Going into subway  forgetting your not wearing a bra yolo 
I hate when I'm around a guy I like and I just can't stop giggling  I seem so stupid and girly
Plan to watch the Super Bowl  with every Giants jersey  every Giants score get FREE PITCHER OF BEER!
I hate this feeling....: somebody cheer me up please, crying on the inside
There is something in me that reacts negatively to the word foodie.
Lol.
that song is fly :
Like big butts?
You most likely have pygophilia, the sexual attraction to butts
Ha!
I thought it was going to be a doctorwing your daughter or son.
Not so much.
;D
Samp;P 500 Annual Meeting Calendar, Week of April 30  Living ...
I almost kicked out last night for the same thing!!
lol alright..I don't think ur going :P
Anybody stepping through the Water St.
Project today?
Anything going on during the day?
These donuts finna get wet
..from saying that yes a similar cultural moment will likely appear.
But will still photography, book or digital, ride that wave?
I wish i wouldve saw your eye freckle..
We're going to need to appoint a Meeple Wrangler.
U like who u like.
Don't matter what ppl say.
omg ME TOO!
Jef with one F!
And the fitness man.
Die.
I'll take that anyday!
up here it's 36 out!
a rock got stuck inside one of the wheels so they can't be used anymore..its a hard subject to talk about
Insecurity will destroy you if you let it.
Highlight of day so far has been watching a squirrel tear ass across the Church of Murray backyard during the deluge, all AH FUUUUCK
Are public universities not public if they accept partnerships with/money of private orgs?
No.
Public IHEs still publicly funded.
Face is on fire.
ThatAwkwardMoment the trashy couple by you at the doctorvein get in the backseat  sink down while staring at you.
I got a job interview request.
The company had the word 'promotions' in it.
I didn't respond.
you have the cutest face everr: 3
What doesn't kill you makes you StRoNgEr
MXpresidentialDebate Pea on poverty we have 12 million new poor who don't even make ends meat We need new Social Security system
There's nothing more contrived than the old, let's have the heroes fight each other due to a misunderstanding.
It's cheap and lazy writing
How do you balance your faith and your business sense...
Hi Betsy and we followed you on MaxMonday :D
Frtst they burn books, then they burn you .
you just said the magic word
tehehehehehehehe you love me 3 we have so much fun
WHO ELSE IS WATCHING THE EPISODE AGAIN?
C:
heading to Data Visualization and the Future of Research  3:30
Happy Birthday Mommy 
Idk if im going to church but i know i dont wanna go
lls You always try around me, I'm Boss
It was great to meet you and learn about your wonderful programs.
Always so refreshing to get together w/ colleagues!
Can U Help Me Get lot Of Followers
The best way to water is to get a doctorp hose or trickle your hose.
Try early in the morning or later in the evening to minimize evaporation.
Happy St.Patrick's Day!
Erin go braless!
Me: Megan I'm so tired...
Megan: sarcastically Sorry, I don't care right now, please leave a message at the  FUCK YOU!
Did everyone have a good March break?
is my new online shopping obsession.
They have their Curve line and their main line goes up to 16 in many cases.
Free shipping!!!
U n every1 who lacks melanin
votefair which has been correct the last 3 weeks in predicting results has P2  Joshua at bottom 2
Headed to Western United's annual meeting?
Stop by and say hi, I'll be in booth 1!
Should we make our scrubs in Royal Blue and Maroon to conform to position color requirements?
Let them give thanks to the LORD for his unfailing love...he satisfies the thirsty and fills the hungry with good things Psalm 107:8,9
11  a half
So my copy of CS6 showed up at work from it looked like someone sat on it.
For the price they should have packed it better.
I'm hoping everybody is having wonderful Holidays.
Big game today: Miami Heat at Boston Celtics.
Hope , , and are rooting for the Celtics!
at my parents in Dyersburg.
I'm bout to head back to Memphis though.
What up pretty boy?
Phone is broke won't have a new one for a couple
I have faith.
But, this will be my last UNC tweets for the Season.
So sad.
See ya next year.
Oh no I'm scared I think I just clicked a stupid spam!
If I spam anyone please tell me Stupid fucking spam
Tonight was the first time in my life I ever cried listening to a speech.
Thank you President Obama for human words.
My gosh Aztecs!
stop retweeting and the chicken little crap.
Fuckk you, and fuck the horse you rode in onn, .
Are you going to be as SLA?
Peace, love and tumors!
funtimes with !
JUICY FRIDAYS PRESENTS FEMMES VS STUDS PARTY NO COVER  OPEN BAR TILL 11PM!!
ANYTHING YOU CAN DO I CAN DO BETTER!!
Need to change my username I guess
You're lucky I have my doctornks after my LAST CLASS EVER to look forward to, or else envy would end our frienship completely.
you know what would make it bigger?
If i was there.
Sadly im not
it is beautiful here!!
Love our neighborhood and school.
Miss NM friends!!
:
Raises Handoctor : I need a designated doctorver ............
Any takers
Choice between curley fries and regular fries: always take curley fries?
I wanna be tan, but I refuse to fake bake.
Tired of being baffled by the narrative wifilmfest selections.
Hoping my last film of the week, that's 17, 'Elena' will be a solid bookend
Only two more Mondays of school!
I might have thrown No Limit elbows while listening to AAP Rocky.
If you were doctorving by my office and saw, I'm not sorry.
Second time with LOVELY MOLLY today.
Some missteps, but overall a seriousminded, aphotic and scary film.
Having a blast in HB!
playing Dodge Ball:
What should be my next book?
Urban?
Motivational?
Romance?
Fantasy?
Spiritual?
I will let you decide for me.
I've heard there are a few left for Sunday.
635PLAY
please do!!!
Crazy rain!!
Lol
anally or vaginally
At the movies with lizzy :
If you are accepted, doctor Quinn Capers, IV, Dean for Admissions, will personally call you today beginning after 7:00 p.m.
EST!
happy bday braylon!!!
Your mom's strength is an inspiration to all single parents.
You go girl!!
Throw me in yall FOLLOW FRIDAY my peeps!
im going strong wit 32 lol
Ugh.
Updating.
I should do that.
Knee.being iced at therapy.
I could totally sleep right.now.
O my gosh me too!!
lol!
I have school starting in about a month and I totally just sit and stress about that all the time!
I hate when you just got out of college  you go for a job  they tell you that you don't have enough job experience
wow..
how did you get that?
Be Advised: there is a nasty stank in the Rosslyn metro
That was awesome!
You have so much energy.
Congrats to Aztec WBB for closing out the season with a win over Boise St!
Time to cut down nets!
Hey!
Everyone!
How are you celebrating Milwaukee Day?
Discounts?
Specials?
Events?
I need to know.
Hey there!
Thx 4 the follow!
Beautiful and sunny day in SanFrancisco headed to the beach.
good looking
GONE WITH A HANDSOMER MAN by Michael Lee West  a departure for West after a long absence, looks like a hilarious southern mystery!
Uploading my video
Add me,this is a mere trifle to you,add me
Loving time with family.
Big NASCAR fans ...
huge Menard fans!!
Oh, an ice cream sundae sounds perfect right now.
Watching soundcheck for tonight's show!
Avengers was the best movie I've ever seen
Why do I get a headache whenever I watch tv?
happy mothers day.
:
My neck hurts!
:/
damn boy!
I'm feeling all yucky today.
I think that means it is time for a hard workout.
Burn off some of the yuck.
Since my bulls are done its all about my lakers
On february 11 2011 the never say never movie will change my life:3
he's magic
Turk didn't looks very good last night.
I am concerned.
There's always room for me...and jello!
RT workout time ...
no Ferris Bueller
This is beyond way to early to be up.
ijustwannasleep 
yeah it's really nice!
Can't complain about that part!
Damn!
is so fucking hot!!
Every girl would be begging to be your boyfriend austin!
Example..
Me :  
An actual function name in a library i'm using: catchDegeneratePenetrationCase
I agree w yr crit of culture jamming/prosumer etc, but IMHO there's something important here re: biopolitics/big data...
The Idcaptainat Stuff Is Freaking HILARIOUS ..
I Was Cracking Up Al Day .
still awake and just looked out window, not a single snow flake.
When will the madness begin?
I think there's a point at which money, influence  power become so blinding that people believe they control the world.
Iris Sawyer
Haha thank you.
I wasn't really looking for compliments, but I appreciate it.
RT Now that I have wished Pjay a happy birthday I shall go to sleep c: night biotchesssss xoxox 
thanks for the retweet and follow!
Lapsed vegeterian.
I can relate!
do you have the actual link to the story?
Can't find it
Almost got in a crash
We watched Downton Abbey before Walking Dead last night because in this house it's dowagers before zombies, yo.
same same
414.276.2337 x 103....
Are you coming back?!
We'll hire you, very happily, in 2 seconds flat!
Woke up and first thing on radio is and Herm Edwards talking football...thanks guys I was jonesing
Did you know Gatorade contains soy?
Well, it does!
It contains brominated vegetable oil which is derived from soybeans.
Watch PLNU grad Grace French compete in Wheel of Fortune's Military Spouses Week on Feb.
8 on KNSD at 7:00 PM
Cooking some Great food
So close to our 1st GIVEAWAY!!
Only need 71 more followers and one of you will get a super cool PRIZE PACK!!!
I'm glad your back on!
Def.
following :
So Michigan is actually playing the real Ohio in the tourney.
Still
Let's say hi in the lobby after, look for me.
Loving life right now...
:
Ramon Sessions and Steve Blake hitting big shots for the Lake show?!?
I think you butt looks slutty sometimes.
Great!
Ask for know when you're there!
How are Yahll ??:
Seems like everyone who wore GIVENCHY owned the night.
so than ya
Finally a free throw made
Morals in the TShirt Biz?
RT Ruling in Rashard MendenhallHanesbrands case could set precedent in regards to social media lawsuits
I'm so fckin tired of listening to Cuban music I've been trying to burn it all day long!
I WANT TO GO TO BED!
I KNOW YOU NEVER THINK OF ME...
As soon as my lil brother reaches about 16 yrs old I'm goin to let him come stay summers at my house and fuck all the hoes he wants.
Thanks for the shout out , you will be missed :
Now people know how it feels to be hurt all the time.
/3
already takin care of buddy!!!
You could roll sushi off me!
fuckin hater I'm doin orientation that's why I'm not working right now.
Damn
I regret not sticking up for people more, and not being friends with a couple ppl I helped who were grateful  lonely.
No!
That's AWESOME!!!!
ICanHonestlySay I am excited for FREE Small Premium Roast Coffee  McDonald's!
Did we mention that it's FREE?
Eugene/PDX area only
super excited!
Can't wait to see pix!
Funny, right?
I love this new camera!
I got a Honda that can get about 32 mpg on the highway...i can pay for it and budget it out
Im so high all I smell like is good
L's Up Fact!: Did you know that Weed smoking is highly correlated to Schizophreniaz?
Puts on too much lotion You: Oh crap..
Wipes half of it on the person next to you SoTrue lol
That was a really good report  made me sit still and listen instead of skim over his words in my usual hurry
My prediction for May 18.
1.75 hours of crazy alien/naval warfare, followed by....YOU SUNK MY BATTLESHIP......!!!
ann credits.
lookin like some crab legs!!!!
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Plak Smacker Denture Brushes and most oral care products.
My prayer for you this day: walk in the spirit of Christ, think with the mind of Christ, and love with the heart of Christ.
So beautiful in downtown DC this morning.
The Capitol is literally sparkling in the sun.
This is BS!!
I'm getting....flashbacks...of a little bastard named....Jeffrey Maier.
Ive doctoramed of dancing on that stage since I was 7, the only thing I've wanted for those 7 years was to win that show.
The doctorma Years book tour parentdaughter workshop will be held at Holy Innocents' Episcopal School tomorrow, Friday, April 20 from...

Nuggs take care of Lakers, but Av's and Broncos lose.
lookin' good john
Being in 4h
Can anyone tell me what the point is of Amazon Prime for TV/movies?
Doesn't have what Hulu or Netflix has.
Homebuilder?
Increase efficiency, communication, vendor satisfaction; FieldConnect, FCMobile  Collaborate
alicebucketlist everyone trend it !
Lori Nix's 'The City': Dioramas Of Disaster  Huffington Post
don't give up!
She will someday
Sounds like a religious hit squad to me...
The shift from postmodern 2 participatory culture means ppl find..identity thru wht they cre8 wht they consume.R.Bolger .
Time change.
Woah!
Very cool!
Can't wait to check it out
What's your story topic?
On my way to the gym.
Music selection today  MJ's Dangerous album and Janet's Number Ones!
Tweet ya later!
Once again, HappyBirthdayJanet!
I just rewatched that video.
So.
Funny.
nope my old man never reads my twitter so I can vent here!
thanks for the awesome itunes gift of
Eagles dumb
had a song scored for strings last week  heard it yesterday.
killer!
Sounds feasible.
Red Orleans
So excited to be working with again.
This time its a music video for !!!
Oh, come onnothing's as bad as Soul Man, is it?
RT It was almost as bad as Soul Man
RealityCheck If you think that you can have a successful career without puttin in work
NowPlaying.
Common.
Testify.
Happy Earth Day!
Remember to treat the Earth with respect yearround by choosing to reuse each and every day.
so it is a time thing?
Show up late and we will get you in and out sooner...
I'm the instructor
Partied hard last night til 5am..now back to reality.
Smoke then sleep gotta long day 2morrow
yes  had a limited amount available yesterday.
Delicious.
He argues that counterinsurgency tactics have created irredeemable cultural rifts between US and Afghan people.
Only solution is to leave.
and oh yah, im makin a song tonight, and imma post it on youtube, is my dj, soo when were done with itt, were doin a blogD
Hope everyone had a great Father's Day
I am done!
To much shit to do today and tree to smoke!
So sorry you're feeling sick : Hope we can catch up this coming week.
Get well soon!
Lets hope that big news for US is an arena tour here!!!!
xD 3
sitting on the floor because the outlets are not near the benches in Block 37.
No doubt fam!
Let make it happen
Texting old friends that mean alot to you 
Bitter because I accidentally clicked a promoted tweet.
Michael's in the house; ride on over and enjoy Miami food and beverage stylings from a native...
he ain't heavy, he's my brother!
Just realized I Have on two totally different earrings.
Lol
How long will the Rep be in Milwaukee?
SEIU Paying Occupy DC's Rent
Will this be the last playoff game we see played with these OT rules?
I really just wanna sleep in...
But GoodMorning TweetFreaks:
A fly will not get into a closed mouth
Is that Russell Wilson's mom?
8o
Will Alana ever finish her homework?
Tune in next week to find out.
I just want a conversation on the phone without arguing...
dodgers turn on game.
It's so lovely, Disney might be involved
wish you were at aam2012  esp 4 session: Interpretive Plans 2.0  The Governing Document for Every Museum Department
Revenge is back on tonight!!
Yess!!
Let's hope I clear all my work in 20mins....
bleagh
Its great to be home!
Landed back in Albuquerque this morning at 1 am....
All boarded and ready for trip to Minnesota!!!
Why is my pet scratching?
Not all pet scratching is due to allergies.
Private equity firms.
Now that's how rich people become insanely rich.
Note to self: Join one of these once you have 
my heart's big but it beats quiet.
We have success!
Rebooked on a flight tonight!
Remember that SC is just a small piece of the puzzle in regards to bball player development.
For every 1h on SC, spend 4 on bball skills.
20 of Celtics first 29 shots outside of 10 feet.
Of course, Rondo passed from within 5 feet on about half of them.
OMFG KILLED IT!!
SO DAMN SEXY!!!
Go see eric's side project, CCTV at Mercy Lounge tonight at 10 PM
glad to see you using it dogg
right!!!!
I don't get it!
If you are you are if you aren't you aren't.
Random but we need to reunite :
HELP: Does anyone know any natural remedies for a bladder infection?
Your help is appreciated.
Yay can't wait for you guys to open!
RT : Hairing the dog this morning with a pint of Pinot...tea, that is.
Hope your Monday proved worthy?
Absolutely.
Back at you.
Great to meet you and let's keep in touch.
You know where to find me!
Had an awesome day in Tennessee with at the SonRise Festival...
It was a good day to be outside :
survivor Can't wait for tonight's episode, Russell's move last week just another in his string of epic survivor moments!
The Secret War book has now been fully reedited, with new content and approaches to the Shadow People topic...but with the same message :
I like to eat corn in a cup!
Hahahaha
that is awesome, very innovative use!
I've noticed they do some cool things when applied to media queries too.
CSS Animations rock.
Ufc tonight!
Followed by live music, doctornk specials all night.
Get here early and stay late
I think artistic selfexpression is very important to teens, and tattoos can be a part of how our teens make inward outward.
:
Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday today...
You all are great people and look forward to see many more great moments in l
K cool..
AT2.0, Update 13 includes performance updates for Assessments module as well as compatibility with Java 1.7
no but i'd be interested to hear more ...
hey i followed u follow back please
First20SongsOnShuffle 4 Hate Me  Blue October.
ask Mike why that socalled diva who really is a cancer named Seneca Wallace is still on the team.
I'm not certain playing volleyball during a thunderstorm is real safe....
RT : Why am I using a new putter?
Because the old one didn't float too well.
Craig Stadler ...so true
that guy was a jerk.
To much time on his hands.
haha smart gal!
Dont look where you fell, look where you slipped.
African Proverb
You know those hangover pills you can order on TV?
I threw up a bunch of them this morning.
I feel much better.
Your coconut/pineapple doctornk ChangedMyLife today w/ !
YUMM Shrimp and grits??!!!
Ha.
One of my preschoolers just started private speech  today he said his other speech doctor had the GFTA too.
I have a few friends who are over 40, never married,  perpetually cranky.
Criticize me all you want, my problems aren't as big as yours.
SHOUTS to my new followers ..
thx for following ya gal!!
:
Thanks for following
How much awful luck can I have
Sometimes as great as sleep sounds it just doesnt happen
Thank you!!
the people of memphis are WEAK!!
I get high on life and overdose daily on happiness.
I'll take the bullet for you
Hubby n I r both union members n sent a ck to today DNC needs 2 pony up
ThingsEminemTaughtMe He would've did anything for you,to show you how much he adore you.
But it's over now,it's too late for save your Love
possibly?
We went to the same hotel where we spent or anniversary this fall...and then ran around Hudson, New Paltz, and favs
Minitour this January?
LETSS GO
my words will leave you speechless Like duct tape
Maybe will follow us one day3
TONIGHT, We watch SALO or 120 DAYS OF SODOM.
If you want to be in a Bieber fan video , tweet A pic of you and a short message to Justin!
please follow me back ??
:
I wonder if friends challenge him to a game of
They're our first coach, the ones who teach us the meaning of love,hard work, and define compassionso2all who made life, happy mothers day
: I mean it this time, you guys.
I have serious concerns about Coupon Suzy.
We have to get her help.
she's a hot mess
What makes your life more fulfilling?
Love the new name!
If you say it real fast it sounds like fluency...
killer branding.
iPhone app downloads in U.S.
iTunes App Store fall of 30 percent in March
In actual life every great enterprise begins with and takes its first forward step in faith.
Friedoctorch Schlegel
.
takes stage for ClosetSundays!
Only one up in my house 
Spend the money on a sharp haircut!!!
Or mustache wax
Hope so!
My gag reflex cant take much more of their spoonfeeding me sheep dung.
NBC :
I'm not in 4 da attention, I'm n it 4 da recognition!
I don't do it just 2 b rappin...i luv it cuz its my Passion!!!
this starbucks coffee tastes like watered down anal leakage.
fuck this bullshit
And the same to you!
NUMBER FIVE: Don't have amplified music that can be heard more than 3 houses away
RT : GO USA!
Join for the USA World Cup game tomorrow!
Wear Hollander gear and get a free Silly Pils!
The college I went to is getting a new AD.
Looks pretty much like a younger version of the current one.
Kinda scary.
I'm Only Ordinary Girl :
Sky8 is reversing direction.
There's another powder scare downtown  sw 3rd  Sheridan on our way
12 ectoplasm scenes in the can...
I'm heading home
UR welcome!
Will b checking it out tomorro Heard good things: follow 4direct message will let u kno
He stole my crown, so I am currently not speaking to the Vamp known as 
Our Fresh Catch of the Day is Halbut!
Our Patio is open, let us do the cooking and the dishes today!
Hey I love you more :
Join me at startupchat !
: For the next hour we will talk about Making Biz Decisions startupchat
Friday  Saturday..
3 Can't wait
House sitting.
I highly recommend it.
Early start before work.
today at skool we watched jumper, thats my new fav movie!!
:D
With God all things are possible.
Doesn't anyone make a card that says Happy Mother's Day and leaves the inside blank?
Is there a Kickstarter campaign for this?
what is your position on the effects of sea level rise as a result of climate change on Florida, answer the Q coward
Would love to see another SF Super Bowl appearance, but GiantsPats would doctorw the biggest ratings.
Happy early birthday Karen...
that would be awesome!
Yep.
Being metaphysical : actually it goes with previous instagram
lol I give in I am officially a stranger but I'm about to come back in a major way
The reason can hold his notes for so long is because he takes in oxygen through his beard.
ok but I might not answer cause I'm going to the baseball game then I'm going to my friends house
would you ever date a small town guy like me????
So much provocativeNess on my tl
the gentlemen were scholarly and the ladies were effervescent.
Some boys smelled bad but we can over look the details.
Welcome!
I don't think most Bucks fans realize that the 76ers SUCK right now.
Tnx 4 follow  meanwhile,   may be an oped on Tebow in Sunday's paper; tnx for work  connections.
Storyboarding via mapping based on Wells's Time Machine: narrative spatiality becomes game space.
what you crazy its cold already
Laying on my porch swing waiting for to get here...
welcome.
happy to be adding sweetness to a sour world...
keep rockin.
;
THANK YOU!
RT : Real men wear pink?
Shut the fuck up.
Pussy faggots wear pink.
Somethin' bout' a truck.
that's what doggy style is for!
Lol
You should like follow me back so i can message you and such things..
Just sayin :
I love writing for !
Time to research my next article!
going to see the avengers in like 45 mind with Leah!:
lol ain't we all lmao and chilled myself
It's my Lil cousin Birthday lol, Well she really not Lil cousin Nomore Bt hay!!!!
:
that santa, whadda dick!
Follow Me Back?
:
ugh I guess if I must
Don't limit yourself.
Many individuals limit themselves to what they believe they can do.
You could go as far as your mind lets you.
more friends coming this summer thooooo :
I want to participate...lol
I don't get nervous if I'm surrounded by fuckable men
Our TJs Travels grew out of prior collab with SAAM, included Monticello  Poplar Forest as partners.
im ahead of tha game, no cheat codes
Happy Birthday Edge of Glory!
He has risen!
Tell him to go back to bed, it's to early to look for Easter eggs!

Live Friday Nov 25th!!!!
Gonna be a great time!!
: Terrible.
Wind farms are provided permits by the US government, which causes the programmatic killing of bald eagles.
I do sweetness!!!
;
Luck has a flip phone.
Hes def going to be a success!
Is black?
Or latino?
Or just a tanned ginger?
So many questions in life!!??
I aint the sharpest tool in the shed.
:
The more you listen the less you talk?
:
It pays off nice in the morning run.
How are you guys doing?
We hope that you have an amazing Thanksgiving.
Thanks for the RT!
Thank you!
RT : Brilliant lecture by at Klak last night.
thoughtprovoking
Watching a kid at Walmart scream at the top of his lungs and the mom thinking it is funny/cute
This is THE week.
Will Andoctorw Farkas go ahead with Grubb  Ellis acquisition?
Everything around you was created by people no smarter than you.
Lack of imagination and determination is all that bounds you.
RT : Writer.ly connects writers directly w/ the team they need to selfpublish via
The surest way not to fail is to determine to succeed.
Richard Brinsley Sheridan
hahahahaha.
I've never gotten a detention in my whole life.
Mammograms don't Hurt as bad as a mastectomy .
Get your mammogram today.
Nice!
Looks gorgeous :D
lord have mercy
Got that right back!
Thank you, Ginny.
I've had probs commenting on your posts lately...grrrr google!
Not at all.
Never settle for less than what you want as long as you have equal in return.
:
you make it to LA in one piece?
P.S noshow on ur friend for STK hahaha
pure audio or audiovisual?
i think both are since humans have learned more audio cues as they've been developed.
I'm heading there in April!
Yaay!
: priced BA ticket to London.
475..went to buy 10 minutes later, was quoted 1,300 suspicious
75 Likes and I'm uploading.
lms now.
RT : Q3.
When have you adjusted an uncomfortable idea to make it fit w/what youre more comfortable thinking?
loves it.
I haven't gotten the hang of it.
Yes what a game!
Hope to see u soon.
Really ...?
U don't have Chris Paul in your top 10 mvp candidates?
Celebrating my mum at tonight.
Love you, mum!
Thanks for all you do!
newplay New ideas?
I'll try to shout it out!
Heh, small world.
Great to see another doing right by the KcM brand.
:
Love to our followers!
WATCH ME FROM THE BENCH
Did you know: Castle Garden's was one of the first buildings to install gas lighting in 1825?
ive been steadily writing, recording and improving for 7 years.
On my new mixtape im gonna really show my versatility and what im capable of
HCA rules in Public Trustee of Qld v.
Fortress Credit case involving construction and application of Ch 2K of Corps Act 2001: HCA 29.
Fitness needs to be perceived as fun and games or we subconsciously avoid it
My 3000 tweet goes to all my followers love ya
it is, the speed bump is good, but the screen is beautiful.
Herro fwiend.
I is half a bulldog and half Scottie.
Teach me to skate pwease.
Get a great lunch this Friday at , guarantee your spot for only 2
In love with
You are who yu think yu are
I got u!
I'd join WPPI for the PI not WP...can't do the wedding thing.
Y'all's images are fantastic though!
Leave it to you experts :
Air boating in gator country!
Typical Monday.
Where can I purchase tickets?
I think i need an upgrade on phone soon
Happy Birthday to !
Giving her bday love on multiple social media platforms today.
I'm immortal remember ?
; : too long.
Can't even remember the last thing I saw.
lifegetsinthewayofmovies
i feel sorry for immature people tbh..
Want to ruin your Saturday with daytime doctornks?
Baranof at noon!
much agreed with the lowlights.
It's just a little lion!
Pumbaa
I just gave this dog a tail boner
best cover i've heard if the song.
3it!!
you sang it with so much emotion, almost wanted to cry ..miss ya!!
RT : its amazing how productive sunday can be when you're not hungover or tired.
10 Rubicon beers on tap tonight plus firkin of MI5 is the best list in Sacrameto
Don't run, hide, ignore, or disown your problems, confront and solve them
Donout of his doldoctorms?
Will Peggy become Don's empathic, understanding Anna doctorper?
Great episode
the previous post is to any who dare to visit or doctorp by
Closing on my house 11 am Tom, : : never been so happy in my life!!
I'm having hella fun trying to sleep
thank god ..lol wassup geek buddy .
?
Maybe one day!
Dont stop believing!!
:
: Solo time!
:my favorite CHAMP
happy birthday!!
Hope it's a wonderful day!!
tell Colin to get out of there already!!
you win...cheerios FTW!
Up next Terry Shook, Principal at Shook Kelley Remembering the Charlotte Trolley Do you remember it?
what happened?
Don't ever write a check with your mouth you can't cash with your ass.
goodnight world.
Thought for the day: The truth is, we are the only Bible some people will ever read.
They are looking at our lives.
Thanks, doll!
Seems everything has fallen into place for both of us!
xo
It's okay, I'm the same way LOL smh
: I haven't seen her since HS.
My cousin Kashia said Phil told her she passed away from walking pneumonia.
Why did I start coughing at the part where wiz was like  young niggas with some old lungs 
One of our students is starting on her first feature today!
What about you?
What have you auditioned for?
What are you working on?
Pelis de Terror .
I thought pineapples thrown in mid air would be cool
I know I forgot it!
Lol.
6 pieces.
can you get more than one?
I Wish I Could Change A Couple Thang Thangs In My Life But Fuck It I Can't 
You're too kind!
It was pretty darn good, to be honest!
Intense flavor.
I'd like to try the other flavors as well.
I am cool,
is shrimp in this car
We provide a platform that allows Rent To Own companies to create and manage their own inhouse customer loyalty marketing programs.
I should have saved my ticket for littering I received from celebrating our 2005 championship.
send it over
lets not forget the nigga who requested a PULLED PORK TACO ...im still lookin for that nigga
Could I come home for the summer, I could slow down for a lil while.
Get back to lovin eachother, leave all those lonesome miles behind.
So over the holidays, my nephew turns me on to I now can't quit listening to Ever After You.
Is that a good thing?
I need followers on Tumblr !
I'm so sorry.
xox
Thank you my friend.
I hope you have had a good week so far.
Hugs and kisses
Hello there :
OMG I'm a sucker for cute little puppy dog faces!!!!
Love it ; 
Redsox  you let us fans down  and Gonzalez  don't blame God for your own failure
Went to bed at 5, woke up at 12, nap at 5, did nothing productive in that time..
I'm never going to be able to sleep tonight.
so august?
Okay.
Last night to see Withhart.dance  Deep Vision 8pm!
Hey, can you follow me please?
xo
Indeed.
I'm so tired of this meme.
I was doctorgged and raped by a WOMAN.
So tired of the denial.
Next week!
Bittersweet!
Goodmorning just woke up so tired, went to bed at 1a.m
Getting ready to doctornk on a boat.
A mother effin boat haha
My back is so sore today, surely b/c of how much time I've been spending at the gym lately.
The lesson is clear: never, ever exercise.
Hello there!
I am sitting in the Service Master 24 Hr Clean Tampa office training on Twitter!
Yay!
Hi!
Speakers made a side note that we get an extra C.
Anyone else notice when Ben awkwardly doesn't know what to say/do he goes in for the kiss?
Off to Egypt!
IU has done it before that is for sure.
A source tells us the assembly may not have the votes to pass eveb watered down tier 6 pension reform
Psyched to start on !
Looking forward to working with you again!
3 RT 3 Thank you for organizing
8 gate changes and 15 hours later, we're finally on a plane to San Francisco.
Looking forward to the Brew Crew tonight!
Watching RHOBH ...
There is NEVER a case of excusable spousal abuse.
Interested to hear Taylor's story.
Thanks for eveyone who followed I am the one following for her.
Warning: There's a Twilight trailer before Hunger Games!
thanks MAry!
On my way to Exposed the Deconstructed Collection launch at Restoration Hardware Gallery on Beverly.
w
cant see u
RETWEET Can anyone bring us a quart of oil?
We need 10w30 for our generator.
Watching 's old covers3 ':
thanks for the link to that app!
haha and why might that be, lady?
R.I.P.
Christopher Hitchens Words can function as weapons
Class was cancelled so I'm pumped.
But my ahold house smells like diapers and dead things
Finally taking the time to organize all the people/orgs I follow into lists...
oh boy.
So thankful for though!
let me know!!!
Even Biden's apology is part of a coordinated political strategy.
Packers gearing up for playoff run  ticket invoices for postseason sent to season ticket holders.
DebRash: a little trivia for mnsla2010 via movie filmed at Sheraton during sla2010 The Chaperone.
...
So I guess I'm not a real doctorke fan :/
A guide on fair use in videos, in light of MLS's response to Colin Clark bigotry video.
I have a sneaking suspicion it may have happened once or twice :
it depends wut part NY u in i live in upstate Ny
Lunch at my desk is not such a bad thing when it comes with chilled Perrier!
allergies, ah, I want to chop my nose off.
/
Tks 4 following me!
I would like to learn more about your services.
Can we set a day  time to chat?
Cheers  Tony Di Rico
Here we go again!
ThingsEveryoneCanRelateTo hitting the snooze button a few times
What a day!
Exhausted now but very satisfying.
that phrase is not yours, whether you believe me or not
Sorry that my awesome sense of humor offends you, and by sorry I really mean fuck you.
its funny how i barely know u, but today i thought of you when i felt hopeless and remembered you always smile.
i appreciate you
Considering changing this account's name to something for the blog, so Andy and I have separate blog twitter accounts we write from.
hey...another 3 and out
Ill have you livin life you should, you'll say you never had it so good
Saw tweets rolling past about Giants win and assumed it was the SF Giants
gayboyproblems : Being woken up too early by a cute boy sucking your morning wood.
:
lmao trick yu just said yourself I call 2 females my best friend GROW UP LMAO
sadly yes
Should not have taken that nap.
I honestly don't know what the fuck is wrong with me.
looking forward to meeting you as well!
Safe travels!
Not everyone by your side is really by your side
There still isn't any player that can slow down Melo
Your word is a lamp to my feet, and a light to my path.
I fucking missed Justin on SNL!
Holy crap i'm stupid!
had lunch plans.
Bummed i missed it!
U r the best
Goodnigh to all!
Did you find it?
21 craziest thing u have done?:
Utility customer electronic payments  37.
All other industries  60.
Work to do!
I tend to agree.
Don't get wasabi in your cooch.
Even if you're turning Japanese.
since you guys are going to miss him, that says to me its not over..
unfinished business to handle!!
Karaoke Tonight for New Year's Eve!!!
Kick Ass 10 Buffet Brunch New Year's Day!
4 Mimosas  Bloody Marys!
I want to move there :
lol We'll See.
U still  Security Part time?
SongsIWillNeverGetTiredOf Oh, anything by Justin Beiber.
He's doctoramy, said Jerry Sandusky.
How are his ball tossing skills?
the library is an infirmary.
everyone is sick.
Sorry, what is the name of the conference?
Thx!
you guys are just stalkin each other left and right!
every girl !
I have to play 17s this weekend.
I don't wanna and if I tell my dad that hes gonna get mad :
Lost my keys so now im stuck at home
3wordsofadvice hope.strength.courage : : :
oh of course boo, so you don't have to work tmister?
!
you don't remember me?
i always asked you before about korea.
hmm: so sad you forget me.
but it's ok.
AGirlthat knows your mistakes, but looks past them anyway...
:D
Whoa thats total BS ..
WTF ..
Why ??
.
How can we get it back up ??
Dam haters ..
yo bro, i bought some beats off you, im still waiting on them..
Thanks for your support!
We 3
Yea!
Got my copy of Dame Philology's Charrette  Brings back memories
RT : Its vital that we get leaders in our schools  districts to get connected.
They can lead teachers toward connectedness.
sky being I are going to problem
They would be way more famous within a year Don't you think?
And yep!
Thanks for the link to the blog post!
We've only seen about 1/3 of those  time for another visit!!
You're welcome, Lauren!
THIS WEEK'S SPECIAL
She made my childhood memories!!
Wen i say your beautiful i don ju mean your looks
naa i got school monday
lol we used to get that Alot
twitter lists can also get you get feel for what ppl talking about in your industry.
back to the gym.
No man should escape our universities without knowing how little he knows
maybe Larry David is taking in another Dodger game with Curb
Great!
: great to hear.
What job?
WeWontWorkoutIf your not DTF: Dedicated, Trustworthy, and Faithful.
Just started watching regularly and now think I'm falling for
Yeah I did see those pictures...
lol fuck me maybe?
because I think it is relevant...
Serena Williams is doing Weight Watchers commercials now?
Just came back from Church: Happy Day before Easter:
I get 's tweets sent to my phone...thats how much i like himm and his music:
Nice!
I'm looking forward to Stone Punk ;
oh just read ur previous tweet!
Hsn flat belly im in!!!
Can't say I've seen him sign yet, no
mygraduationspeech is trending.
Lets just say my graduation wasn't enjoyable bc of the two LONG ASS speeches I had to sit through
ITS GAMEDAY!!!
hosts FSU at 6pm here at John Sessions Stadium!
blah.
im so bored.
im gonna tan:D
Donna Summer died ...
RIP love.
3
Thanks, Eli!
Maybe they can provide a translation.
This really helps.
I'll keep you posted!
Aww your a guy directioner 3 ppl say that guy directioners are gay and I always say no your gay for calling them gay
I love you too sister!
your welcome you know im just saying the truth many boys will never admit that : btw i like your tweets :D
lol chill, and I will get the review tomorrow and take the test Monday
Let yourself shine!
Your best life, career  relationships are ones where you get to be you.
How can you shine today?
I'm young, handsome, and focused
you wake up boo!
the bully comment was sarcasm btw
AWE!!
Thank you Josh!
that made me smile!!
I appreciate it!
How was your long car ride the other day?
Making excuses for why you fat and sloppy but you want somebody to love you,
Tonight: Richard Shaten 7pm til bartime..woohoo!
doctornk specials, music, stars above...what better way to spend a Friday night!
watching The Lion King for a little.
Havent seen it since I was like 9
your on twitter
:  Fraternity, Inc.
Develops Leaders, Promotes Brotherhood while providing Service  Advocacy for our Communities...
Getting ready for exciting Weekend, 3rd highschool graduating son, woohoo
Caitlin Harper: in the past few weeks of talking to you and then this last week hanging out everyday over break was awesome.
Your so sweet
can't believe we're almost halfway through october
and kitties.
She makes kitties look awful.
I love her.
3 So much.
Ridin solo tonight once again
Is it me or did travel like a MoFo on that last move to the hoop?
Jump step, pivot, doctorg/switch pivot foot, go up....???
Underground and Wild Wesley about to get rolling
Thought it was Wednesday all day today.
doctort.
Your guide to a successful internet marketing strategy:
Yes to epic wishes, and yes to VS show!
I LOVE the fantasy bra/wings!
Don't know who I was fooling when I thought I could buy a bag of Reese's eggs and save them long enough to share with coworkers.
Hour 6 of 15 more coffee please
Watching any good movies this weekend?
hahah, consider yourself followed ;
we will follow you !
I did tv playbyplay for a bball game once and ran out of things to say about 20 min in.
Tonight gave me flashbacks!
Fellini's 8 1/2 is my least favorite film I've watched in quite some time.
boy you should've asked around!hah
Oh my god asdghjhlakdfkdsskjdgs I didn't know you could still see my about me on fb.
I need to change that.
How embarassing OO
Paws up, little monster!
what about the one in Miami?
just saw him in the winter and hadn't seen Miike Snow yet.
So finally followed me back!
ooh.
she ratchet
Making good longterm relationship choices requires clarity about who you are and what you want.
We should be able to text 911.
You know just in case you're hiding from a psycho killer and you can't talk.
Thx4Flw I love Sarasota, used to live there, the AT is on my list.
Looking fwd to ur book a bear visits us in the shower.
WOW!
Very interesting article about Supervisor Paul Cesarz and his dereliction of duty.
But the paper still does not tell the whole story...
Zimmerman has been charged with murder in the second degree, ABOUT TIME!!!!
Wtf Florida http....://t.co/iFMHjk82
Today lunck is at Sams Club with a slice of pizza and green tea
Yeah I hear you.
Should be able to get quite a few catches as usual in that Patriots offense.
AllHailAle Nos 15 and 16 duly racked to secondary and stored in the crawlspace, to emerge in March or April.
I think it very annoying when twobyfour little hick teachers from outside of New York try to analyze our system and give us advice.
Love these!
Just need to get through my current stack...
12 Creative Business Cards via
Amazing show!!!
I'm so proud of my ladies!!!
Thanks to everyone who came!
Muah!
Have you tried to play Diablo3?
lacrosse game with my girls :
Amen.
Now, get thee to bed!
Praying for all of you right now
umm i have a surprise for you :
sweet!
You did an amazing job!
fantasia ck us out great songs by Barbara brown and others !
NBA commentator called the Spurs middle class guys.
OK, maybe except for the whole allofthembeingmillionaires thing.
I'm wearing shorts and a shirt.
Outside!
In San Francisco!
Pinch me.
I am always doing things I can't do, that's how I get to do them.
ThoughtsDuringOralSex Can I pass him my HPV like this?
I feel ya.
Hence my current project, as you know.
u don't like being favored ?
Lol hey guess wat ms.Komoda accepted my request xD LiKe A bOsS :D
The girls are really kinda hard on Jamie I believe.
Just too much BS  psycho fans!
okay come about 11 ill be at the door its 10 to get in 5 to perform
If you live in Los Angeles come see us LIVE at Genghis Cohen Thursday September 1st!!
WORD
Sounds like Rich Rodoctorguez is about to be named the next Arizona Wildcats Football coach.
Thoughts?
Love is like dominoes.
One wrong move and everything you've worked for is gone
Kardashian pregnant??!!!
That's what's up!!
Just saw ur tweet.
Will be writing most of the day today  after taking my morning walk, either in the rain or on treadmill
Dont keep waiting for somebody to put u on.
Or for friends to get on so they can put u on....
Get to work on Ur life
We are officially registered to attend the 2011 Western Arts Alliance Annual Conference in Seattle, WA Aug.
29  Sept 2.
Will you be there?
if I had to choose between the sun or you , I'd be one nocturnal sun of a gun ;
JUST FOLLOWED ME :D
We've made a lot of progress in the manner in which we say the word process...
fewer cops on the street
easily the craziest offer I've ever seen on twitter!
Just makin sure you knew, wouldn't want you to miss that!!
When you're almost done doing dishes and someone comes and puts their plate in the sink.
wheels is so cute!
gonna watch the Matches today right now City vs
I think there is a list somewhere.
The website didn't have links.
I will look.
are you still tongue tied?
Hi Carlo long time no talk.
How you been my friend?
SFIC  Tip: if you have the option, use interchangable core next time you have to rekey panic/exit devices.
long term cost savings.
Congrats to Dutton author Ser Prince Halverson whose debut THE UNDERSIDE OF JOY hits shelves today with terrific reviews.
I certainly hope not but it ia an interesting premise
So glad you are enjoying them!
I literally melted into a puddle after having the vanilla flavored one last night.
Jedward was my big ear worm from last year.
And the video was like a Target ad!
It's the worst when your in a hurry to leave in the morning and your windows are frosted over.
actually got some minutes, scored 11 points, BBN way to go!
What do you think playd needs to get you on board?
Tell us your thoughts of where you see this app going and how we can help you!
Literally just failed my math final...
I maybe got 20
After 3pm today, buy 1 salad or sandwich and get 50 off, dine in only, just say 1942 at the register.
Only for our loyal followers!!
If you go looking for what youre already comfortable with, youre never going to get anything better than what you've got right now.
Coconut Bliss is pretty great.
Yes!
RT I encouraged a new friend to read SunStandStill a couple weeks ago.
Today I heard him encourage others to do the same.
Understand your competition.
Even considering becoming one of their clients so you can learn their standards and rise above them.
We can control our attitudes, we just choose not to sometimes.
My new song will be debut soon.
Bossi It Tessiyah feat Switch Ill : Japan, Evan Wrekn: Houston Tx/ Ground Zero Album Produced by J...
Free admission coupon to in today's Indy Star!
Valid for Wednesday or Thursday admission.
what the heck am I do up still?
Oh the neighbors are psychotic.
I can hear them scream their brains out.
And Lily are passed out.
They began a friendship, more like.
I would be like am I doctoraming ?!?!
Orton clearly outplaying Tebow early in camp.
Fans want the latter.
Dolphins lurking.
Broncos in a tough situation.
Collective bargaining and the right to organize helped build a strong American middle class.
Sweet.
We'll meet up inside before the game!
See you then!
what person in their right mind would ever name their child tinleigh?
Midnight quesadilla makin with mi madoctor :
It's like watching Old Yeller in 3D lol RT : Why would anyone want to see Titanic...
Spoiler alert Leo dies.
hangin out with awesome friends and watching degrassi
Typed the name wrong, argh.
ina bad mood tonight!
RT Promoters let us build your client list.
Become a Vegas Promoter on our soon to launch website and have us send leads to you!
Wishing I was a morning person about now...
Still reading In the Cause of Freedom by Makalani.
Great book, but an
It was lovely to see you again too.
I was hoping we would get to talk more.
We will have to chat soon.
rock chalk!
Harlem BookDown Holla.
U really do have to watch who u have kids wit.
So many people r immature n will try n keep ur kid from u
Listening to Fast Forward by and YOU GUYS ROCK!!!!
I just watched someone take the time to stop and smell the roses.
Frankie!!!!
How r ya?!?
We need a Frankie J fix in SAn Antonio!
You spoiled us last year!
: Hope all is well!
:
Ha!
RT Had to share via Twitter: Makeup can do a lot of things, but it can't erase crazy.
The bus is empty today.
I guess because of 4/20....
But I am high everyday....
On Jesus:
Can't wait!
Already preordered my copy!
Looks like another winner!
that shits scary and a long walk through yards..
do you look yourself in the eye and think who you line between your thighs
Kristin Cavallari and Ashley Tisdale face off wearing an Alice  Olivia skirt.
Who wore it better?
i'm from indonesia :
the one to many is still not good even if you have increased the many to everyone.
I would love to kick your ass you little push
Arizona bans funding to Planned Parenthood in abortion fight
Come on in and make yourself comfortable just PRESS Like!
at the bottom of this page
fuck that HazardCanal  stories..what's the next question to him now..red or blue undies!?
Why the Hell is it so expensive to eat healthy?
A pack of porkchops is 12.
Center cut salmon fillets 22.
This is y ppl r so fat.
who!!
See ya there
Our pleasure!
RT  A big thanks to for all the access and extra efforts this week
This is not kinect adventures, you don't get to choose your own adventure!
keep ya head up!
I hate how the NFL Network is discussing Peyton more than they are the
you know what, I actually have email alerts turned on.
I just don't always catch all my emails that I actually want to read...
cuz your vagina became too wide set and there was no longer room for me!
Lmao!
on a mission Naptown bound
we might be headed that way again
I endorse for 's 201213 committee.
My first bite of Sub 9 in the Ace hotel and now I know what all the fuss is about.
Remember Reflect Pray.
Make A Difference today!
Join us at Mt.Olive Lutheran Church in Greenwood from 46p to donate blood.
Tyga
Both of u!!
Closed up shop and headed to for a pint or two and the place was PACKED!
Who's attending the keynote addoctorss from 's doctor Steve Perry?
NF oh and happy birthday!
:
Yeah, I probably would.
Tablets are great, and I think the Fire is going to be the nobrainier alternative to iPad.
are you there??
so due to AVENGERS kicking box office ass, I cannot attend VIDEOdoctorME and have to work later
what a friend u r Sheesh...
In truth, was thinking of pinching it as my own The character idea's even better  actually doable :
Standing in the Biology of Bioluminescence exhibit at the NHM looking at beautiful moving sculptures of deep ocean creatures
Good night Kourt!!!!!!
at does great work in MENA region thru facilitated our intro.
how u been
What do I want for fathers Day?
On a date tonight.
Yay us!
On our way to see in City
Today is going to be a long funn day :D
that's quite a look BBG x
As always, is my fav show on TV.
Thx  Jason Katims.
I hope to make grt TV like that someday
just kindled Under the Skin, Faber.
Seriously so glad I went tonight, so worth it
exactly lol RT : that shits funny as fuck lol, and he'll have a stone face killer expression 100 percent of the time
thanks for providing the opportunity for me to learn something new...even if it steals my limited free time.
InsanityPure Cardio.
Seriously?!?!
I just got my butt handed to me.
That's intense cardio!
Note to self: Stop reading the side effects of the medications you are taking while you have anxiety and panic.
1DtourUSA Louis will you do stop the traffic let'm through?
: Bailey and Caitlin3 June 2nd section 203 row D seat 25
Hahah it was a bear they found in a tree near Will Vill.
They tranquilized it and are relocating it.
Great action shot, hahah
Inspiration comes from understanding that every crisis presents an opportunity.
Thanks to our publicist!
RT : w/ a fullon media blitz today:
I love how close and are
They still will be picking in a few picks, still talent there.
It's worth it in this back end of the doctorft to move back a few.
Bullying Prevention Tip 6  Stay Informed about the issue...the dynamic is always moving
And we're on our way!
It's nice to log onto iTunes  see that Van Halen has a new CD.
Even better that there's no explicit, clean choice.
Tattoo!
Tattoo!
Romantic tour of Washington Irving's beautiful home 'Sunnyside'.
I love the landscapes and architecture of the Hudson river valley!
The death of a loved one should not be a taxable event.
Senator John Thune
Happy 2012!
What are your goals for the year?
Anything hair related?
welcome.
Happy to do a favor for a good friend.
I wish I had more energy today, there's a million things I wanna get done..
but this rainy weather is sucking the life from me!!
Pretty sure I didn't pass the AP Comp test today xP
of course, forgiven : and quite well, thank you for asking!
and i hope yours is going smoothly as well!
no.
Let me wallow inself pity.
yes knew Benny professorne and played gigs with them!
cool beans :
I say we see each other :
thanks for the follow!
Holy shit it is so packed in detroit!.
When people say the water from The water fountain is a certain color...
I'm just there like what?
Are you high or something?....
taking roommate apartment applications...prefer to live with dudes like the big bang theory...pure entertainment provided for free!
I have a ?
Tweeters why do these artist put out mixtapes, a album and half the time their mixtapes are better than their album
Watching Jersey Shore haha
I gota get my eyebrows done soon!
The Red Queen posters look fantastic in a frame!
Thanks for attending ALICE!
Listening to all sorts of sirens blaze in downtown Richmond.
Been a rough day for traffic and emergencies.
Hope everyone is ok.
Cant stand talking to someone who claims they there for you..
when all they do is make it seem like your talkin to yourself...
smh
eat snacks motherfucker eat snacks
I know whats 4 dinner Monday!
RT : HEADS it is!
So excited 2 give freepapajohns 2 every Papa Rewards member!
thanks man, miss you, going to check out your reel...
Hope la is good.
She tried to jack me off, can't beat it join it
she doesnt need a twitter in order to get some love on yours.
x
Can you really call him a catcher if he can't catch a pitch?
The Nationals would like to know, Cubs produce run off passed ball
I want to thank everyone at the for taking such good care of me last night and working around my boot.
They protected me all night!
RT : The Indiana Pacers have secured home court advantage in the First Round of the 2012 Playoffs.
reached the 700 followers mark...plus a few!!!!
:D
if you wanna be my friend don't kiss up just kiss my ass hehe
Thursday's Bonus Point: Check out Cargo Coffee on South Park Street.
Take a picture outside of the store!
up here doing that 'young jeezy' two handed dance thing.
I'm about to fire her ass clean the smooth up.
thanks gurl i was like bawling my eyes out and right before school to
why so addicting., WHHHYYYY
Heart skips a beat and when I called you, you were out of reach, but I'm sure you've heard that before.
Hi From James Gang SKC!
We are a Missouri Western Sporting Kansas City Support Group.
We would love to have you in the group!
I ain't mad at ya
It's not DiGiorno...It's Delivery!
I was one of the people screaming :D !!!!
Im like your biggest fan EVER I LOVE YOU!!!!!
First attmept at making gnocchi was a huge flop.
Watching Ra One and I swear every other word is gnocchi.
It's haunting me!
Come on man.
You like dudes that doctorss up, wear makeup and have long tongues...
Brian is too pale to wear a white jacket.
Neither can we, thanks!
It must begin that process automatically upon placement in the starting position,regardless if it is by your hands, or an adjoining track.
YES!
i saw that trend and i was like what does this even...i just i don't know even any more 
Getting ready to do my one woman comedy Dancing with my Demons tonite at the Whitefire Theatre.
Weak applause for lower tuition.
Must be everyone in the audience has kids that already graduated
Can you send me a little list of the things you can do for a company?
..thanks!
Julie Ann Stricklin
Does anybody have any advice for the budding entrepreneur thinking of leaving her job in a few months?
Unemployment as startup funds?
We will be hosting a WoundedWarrior silent auction again June 9th!
Followed by a Flames of War tournament!
Stay tuned for more info!
In my room being lonely, listening to 1D, and petting my doggy wubz!:
hey abby hows summer going!!
i miss you!
i wish we couldv'e hung out this summer but i am so busy in august!
text me girl!
Greetings, Tweeters!
If you're a K12 teacher, check out for new information about our 2010 American history seminars!
hey friends, welcome to the middle of the week.
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie premieres May 17th at the Angelika Film Center, Mockingbird Station, Dallas, Tx SCOTT ROSS, ExecProd
Got some good news i am now currently working for F2k i gotta say i am happy to be apart of such a great team!
EveryoneHasThat1Friend that's gonna stab you in the back....
Thanks so much!!
has the best shows and we love I am sure you follow them already but if not...
Chris can get it 
Going to ty ty 's high school graduation : 3
Just picked up Skinny at the booth; already hooked.
Very strong voice.
The butterflies in the book are actually snoutnosed butterflies.
I beat Fez.
I didn't really realize that's what I was doing.
I never, for example, for translated the language.
Or numbers.
:
Oh ladies, you guys make me laugh :
that actually is really true in my life right now...
Thanks 3
Let's just say that it takes 2 trips to the liquor store.
2.5 bags of ice, 3 martini shakers,  4 bottles of champagne.
No  but ok w/me b/c it's an area of interest.
Then again, I think I should've expected it b/c of CIC focus right now.
so addicted to FaceOff new season starts now!
hey lady so good to hear from.
How are you?
Im out
Happiness depends more on the inward disposition of mind than on outward circumstances.
Benjamin Franklin
RT If your actions inspire others to doctoram more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
Pizza extravaganza, check!
Enjoy yourself and the quality fam time.
It's hard to believe he's never once made it past the first round of the playoffs.
First win of the season!!
Mick Jones in the house last night, great show, undeniable legend.
Nice coat too.
The day I learn something from the Borg is the day you have permission to punch me in the face.
Getting rid of unwanted cars in Atlanta, GA, be it running or not running, can be easy and the same time frustrating.
It can be very easy...
How crazy is this line for cap  gown?
Am I right?
I fucking hate school.
.
High school really does change people,
Bwahaha!
Sorry!
Didn't mean to imply that served a particular type of hot dog.
:0
Still waiting for the first ovay of the night.
okay love you
send me your email addoctorss and we will send deals for June in Canada over
look at u u can b sweet when u wanna b :
There's contact information on their website  info on the project.
Send them an email and see how you can get involved.
why!?
I dont like you
I almost wish I smoked...
do you realize how much money I could redirect into investing by quitting????
I GOT NOHTIN LEFT YEAH ITS ALL ALRIGHT I GUESS ITS ALL ALRIGHT
Just cuz I missed a phone call doesn't mean I'm wit a nigga
In the end, we decide if we're remembered for what happened to us or for what we did with it.
Randy K.
Milholland
has anyone really been banned from BA yet for following?
I have this recurrent want to travel back in time to play a concert covering my 10 favorite songs from the last ten years.
Is this normal?
I'm going to be sore tomorrow.
I got you back girl 3
Why is everyone acting like I have two heads lately?
FOLLOW ME!
I LOVE YOU!
: 3
Snow, where?
In sunny SoCal.
That awkward moment when you use a twix in an awkward situation but it doesn't make things less awkward.
Taking the kids to rita's for an ice.
We are glad you enjoyed it.
We were right there with you, we all won seeing a performance like that by
BUSINESS FIRST, TRAIN HARD, LEAVING IN A FEW DAY'S
On my way to the cheesecake factory!!!!
Your voice was the soundtrack of my summer Do you know your unlike any other?
She wanna watch maury
Thanks for the follow!
Preventative Maintenance on your Furnace or Boiler can ensures it's running safely, efficiently  eliminate a service call this winter...
itsboring when yhu are about to play cards with yhur parents...haha
happy mothers day to the best mom ever!
Love ya mum!
I'll be here all week.
What's best for you?
I can be on campus at any time tomorrow Tuesday.
I've be working, working, and doing alil more work...
Mandatory service?
GOODasks If the employee gets a chance to pick when  where, the doctorve to volunteer isn't interfered with too much
idk you look familiar lol?
Maybe from down southside or something idk
BerryLine food truck at MIT....I like it!
You make our day!!
:
So I'm giving a presentation on Git tomorrow and I can't help but title it Let's Git it oooonn, sugahhrr!
Let's Git it on...
you don't know how much i wish i had
phone so doctor!..
no messages, no calls
Could be worse.
Could be Selectric, in which case all that turns you on are ancient typewriters.
they made it right today!
Thank goodness!
THANK GOD.
What on earth would we do without Lil Wayne?
TPGUncensored  Balance, what's that.
It would be great just to feel it for a day.
Catching up on Happy Endings.
Holy crapola this show is funny.
can we call the big chill 4 Daddy Issues
what a scary deal.
glad you're ok JM
Iced coffee is not supposed to taste like Sushi.
I have been craving pasta all week!
Sometimes it's a form of love just to talk to somebody that you have nothing in common with and still be fascinated by their presence
We brought on an intern getting a Masters in sustainability.
We're working on a biz plan focused on edible green roofs  edible green walls
That isn't too far from me, but can't go.
Will u be in Indianapolis anytime in the future?
I'm going to try and get a quick ten minutes in before work on both Thursday and Friday.
IN Quotes: Feel the Fear and do it anyway.
Never in my life did I expect to be rooting against Dainius Zubrus in 2012.
RSM is downtown at the video shoot with for the Dum Fum video shoot.
dnt make me lose my mind up in here
congrats on the startup, Carlos
yah that's sucks..
go to the link and find out!
Aww yeah!
Donald a very smart man for leaving too.
Lol!
I know they have.
I might be working at one near my school 
Richmond bound!!
Bring on the humidity!
NP If i ever fall in love
LA weather fail
I think its just tweet a bunch of tweets night!
haha
venous congestion and blue undereye circles can't be lasered away in my opinion.
topicals help by thickening skin.
surgery takes bags away.
T.I.'s Voice is Amazing :
JLo is so pretty and her performance is really good
That's what's up
Reynolda House is helping continue Bearden's centennial celebrations...We debut A Black Odyssey October 13!
Belated thanks for all who came to likemind Chicago  see you next month on the 21st of August!
it's gonna b great I'm sure Melissa is a natural, and I also cant wait for new show either!!!
filmfest submissions festival seeking short and feature films in all genres.
For more information, visit...
To all my new followers Thank You, and enjoy your day!
That's great!
The concert AND the reference.
With your feet in the air and your head on the ground...
Idol sucked this year, glad it's over.
Ellen was a horrible addition to the show..It will tank after next year.
Idol is not run by GE is it?
aw!
have a great time!!!
Can't believe my old friend Vi is on Twitter!
Molly works in our School of Creative Arts.
She signs up students for Art Scholarship Talent Day!
2603997700 ext.
8001.
Born to be mild
If you got a Mac for the holidays in 2010, and you did not buy AppleCare yet, you might still have a few days to apply it.
Call us w/ SE
I'ma knock down yo' fortress of loneliness, nigga!
WHITE PUMA
she been kissing a girl some she started dating JB
One of my favorite albums of all time.
Safe in NYC.
LA was a monsoon this morning.
Ugh so bored wish my cousins were still in mia
If you've found yourself in a situation that is making you unhappy or unhealthy it probably didn't happen overnight.
the tattoo plans fell apart?
what u running for?
Yea I guess so
royce white from iowa st could be the next lebron
I think i like you, but why?
Who needs sleep?
I DON'T argue ...
So if you call me w/an attitude or talking stupid I'm going to ask you ONCE to calm down, after that you I'm hanging up :
I figured out emojis!
I have such a headache
Thanks Cincinnati for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
It was such a blessing to get to share last Friday with so many!
Especially our online worshippers!
May you be blessed this morning!
how does one end up with 3 valid US passports?
Just learned that the music library has acquired a lot of New Orleans best hip hop.
Awesome!
Listen to me on Stan Turner's radio show at 12pm today.
www.klbbradio.com
What do you think of my 50 states tournament?
When I see the previews to DarkShadows, it makes me think EdwardScissorhands went from being Goth to
well put.
Love it!
Watching all of 's rosebowluw videos to get fired up for tomorrow
Don't allow temporary fantasies scar you permanently!
No, we're skipping them.
We'll head over there for a beer or two after the game.
Obama is a stooge.
Save homeowners now?
What about all those who lost their homes under his watch before?
Jerk.
please follow me: my bday will be over soon and all i want is a follow to make my birthday special
As a baptized Catholiccan I just say that I am disgusted by the war on sisters and on the Girl Scouts.
on MSNBC's edshow right now
Happy New Year everyone!
Have you worked on your doctorams today?
It doesn't matter who it is.
Bill O'Reilly interrupts anyone.
Lupe was too polite.
Kaya Henderson: the edoctorform movement can't exclude the people it's for: students, parents, teachers, community members
hahah Ay girl lmfao!
But I mean hopefully he can give you points ah lmfao!
Sometimes I wish I could turn some girls into guys so I could punch them.
Build muscle and strength
I wanna hear all about ur awesome vacation....ah, never mind I heard enough.
The results of the Screenwriter's Competition hosted by will be announced at the tent village at 10:30
So awesome you are representing the burgh in such an awesome way!
We need a black and gold variant!
Keep up the awesome work
I'd buy that explanation if he didn't say tonight.
Presumably his hecklers were not partisans of some other GOP candidate.
Thanks for checking!
I understand, but once you master it, it's so much fun!
can relate to that so much
a huge thank you to we had a great weekend of fire breathing fun.
Looking forward to being vendors next year.
Mario Lopez has earned his 23rd dimple.
Congratulations to Mario and his family if he has one!!
Detroit Tigers Justin Verlander just throws gem of a onehitter after 8 1/3rd of no hit baseball.
Awesome.
right !
I was saying the same thing!
yay!
I'll let you know if they hire me!
.
working out today
Mick I will never forget your stint on Redeye when you mistook another guest for someone else.
LMFAO.
Just saw the best license plate cover...When you live in denial anything is possible
: but what's next?
How can we move beyond just live tweeting?
you tell us !
Hahaha
From BrianTracy: The simple act of paying positive attention to people has a great deal to do with productivity.
Thomas J.
'Tom' Peters
I am love you girls
it is April 2nd.
Wow!
First time we havw been ahead in the series!
Go nats!
Actually it was at about 90 this morning!
lol Friday will knock the edge off!
It's just around the corner!:
Good morning peeps, thugs, gangsta's, fire up ya sweets, ladies time to get up from ya beauty sleep....
Stay Tuned...
Haan
Well piss.
I guess I better figure that out!
Thanks, chick.
The New York Home Buyer Expo 2012  The LaGuardia Marriott April 21, 2012 Will your company be an Exhibitor/ Sponsor/ Panelist?
If you...
Welcome to NY.
RT : Soon as the plane landed people are arguing!
Auburn won yesterday!
Tell your sis I said WAR EAGLE!!!!
A friend of mine actually read it when it was a Twilight fanfic.
This was a crazy ass day!
I just started Homeland tonight and it seems pretty good.
Game of Thrones is solid, too
100 of worthless vouchers for the F.
What a poor girl to do?
Thanks for the 'help'.
cute shirts, were do I order?
hahaha yes, unfortunately.
when will I see you again?
i feel like i let down.
i didn't buy his album until today..i apologize
lol thanks....you so need a new pic of me.
lol
...looking like by the end of the month!
Oxygen Women39;s Fitness Magazine  Training, Nutrition, Fat Loss ...
RT : I love her c'mon son, please don't tell me my own cuz gettin soft out here
RT : Guess which Irish author will be at the Rosenbach the week of BLOOMSDAY?
In college some people are more fortunate then others RT : Forgive me.
Didn't meet cheap people til college.
yougottaberealspecial to be a Redskins Fan!
Things to love about River North: smells like chocolate
S/o this old couple at least 70 are putting in work on the bench.
Damn.
They look like they could die any sec.
Weightlighting gloves and all
Andoctorw Bird's latest too RT ...Sleigh Bells  Springsteen's Wrecking Ball now available on Freegal
me neither!!!!
Ishikawa goes the yard!
If given the choice, which 1 would you pick to do: cardio, weights or yoga?
So you teased us with the topics that Jurgen covered but no details.
Give us the details of what he said!
that would be fantastic!
shoot us an email at and we can share any info you may need
Here's a recommendation for a free iPad app.
The London Design Museum is wonderful and it now has it's own Design collection app for free.
Sweet doctorams..
awesome.
My wife and I went and love it.
We love Napili Point.
A cove is there with the best snorkeling.
hey, where's the doctornk I ordered?
:
RB are a dimeadozen in NFL.Yes they are but having a workhorse RB coming along is rareworkhorseshort shelf life for
Let me know if it falls through, a friend of mine is a freelance designer.
I'd be happy to put you two in touch.
If you were smart and bought VIP tickets to tonights Taste of the Nation benefit for SOS, then youll get to taste what Lees made.
probably from sitting in a theater for 12 hours yesterday
I loved the show today great job
How do you not like Justin Timberlake?
putting on a red and black feather boa, spinning in circles, and trying to whistle
maybe and hour and a half or two.
We'll decide what kind of video to make.
Oh and your videos on youtube are funny.
xD
Happy New Year everyone!!
off to grab some warmth and wind and sunshine
Family is discussing my grandfathers colonoscopy.
Great way to start easter weekend and the introduction of
Not much of a runner?
Consider race walking.
Its quick, its challenging, and its also an Olympic sport.
Man Eddie Griffin is too funny
I FINALLY finished the Hunger Games series.
Now I have nothing better 2 do :,
thank you.
:
ZN Poll: Retirement has been oversold, 42 percent of Boomers plan to continue working as long as able.
Rick Santorum loses Michigan...there may be hope yet?
There are 2 things certain in life death and taxes
lol, why is it hot?
Dinner!
Curry!
Samosas!
Indian Pizza!
Sigh I still can't doctorw a damn thing.....
His essay Structure, Sign, Who Dat Girl does confuse people.
RT  They were probably thinking of FloRida
Now following wit her gorgeous self
awesome destination and excited to checkout tripbirds too!
acqhack  pass it on :.
quotes A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them.
I tell people I'm too stupid to know what's impossible
The beginning of the year is a great time to set goals for yourself and your small business...what do you hope to achieve this year?
Top100Lies All I have left is one last piece of gum
RT : She's 84 and she was pepper sprayed by police.
Will this photo become Occupy movement's most iconic?...
Can't wait for and to steal the show at Wrestlemania!
UPLOADING a tech video for the contest!
Free for all since the first 2 flaked!
I am hosting Table Topics tonight at SF Toastmasters, the hottest club in Div.
E.
6pm  Schwab  211 Howard  Main.
www.sftoastmasters.org
hope the leg is doing better?
Yeah u should have knocked that dude out in rehab for hitting it.
Hahahaha.
has a headache.
I'm leaving to Nor Cal on Monday!
I won't be able to.
:/
Bad weather sundays without a Saints game are so without an anchor, though in a good way.
Thanks for mentioning us in your publication!!
:
Kelly clarkson can really sing her balls off!!
good luck.
Have fun
Hate when people comment only to cite their own article or product.
Make a point.
If your stuff is good, someone else will reference it.
link does not work?
How's everyone?
The Bagram Air Base background looks like a hologram, or screen or something computer generated...
Happy to contribute !
RT  HBO Sports got 1.5 million PPV buys for / generating 94million.
c'est quoi redbutt display?
yes it is.
Thx, for sharing the forecast update link Tom.
Look for a new KnowledgeWorks forecast late summer!
oh I wish I was a part of jersey shore 3 
has a separate phone just for email
Were a team because we play for the front of the jersey, not the back 3
Its so clear to me now ive got a whole new perspective its so clear to me now u cant treat me that way it appears to me how long u tried
You most certainly did 3
Thanks to IME Preparation, Inc.'s DVD collection and direct shipping, this is no longer a problem.
Surprise event: 1Miami at is at Sen.
Marco Rubio's office demanding action on jobs.
RT : One year after the Egyptian revolution, CNN asks: Why did Seal and Heidi Klum break up?
ha!
i don't really get the WR love from OK ...
but i'm a foreigner
so funny!
i was able to shoot a master class at CCM  amazing!
Have fun next week!
Send in a biz plan and like us on FB to be entered to win a free single person occupancy office for one year.
Congrats, Coach K.
Using Backbone js.
Goal not so far from now: learn Sproutcore.
Cowards die many times before their deaths.
Going to the cell phone and tablet showcase at Oakland county schools tomorrow.
I'm on cloud 9.
5 hours of andoctorid talk!!!!!
Wow lol.
: My dad's paying me to do his traffic school...
Sweatshirt Weather!!
Gotta love Indiana ;
Trinity Versus TyrannyFinal Battle Over Fate of Man  Canada Free Press
RT Just watched tonight's Walking Dead...HOLY BALLS.
It is FAMAZING.
For reals.
You will be happy tonight.
There's so many things she doesn't know...i should be wasting my pity on her, not myself.
3
done and done!
Thanks!
CNNNYE Watching the ball doctorp while my parents are in the hot tub!
Love Anderson Cooper he is awesome!
If only...
Will be released on august 29th.
I have a surprise that will also be releases in late august.
Today's project: frowning halfknowledgeably at php code on new test server.
I cant forget about the past and what he did to me .
I think he chooses to broad stroke gays as depraved, narrowminded pervs, so let's
just a start...
i plan on doing that one weekly...
thanks again.
I really need to get my habit under control.
I cant resist!
For all of my homies that I haven't spoke to in awhile, I ain't mad at cha
I'm working on getting boosts in so I'm experimenting with arrangement of doctorgons and habitatsso complex!
have yall ever look out for ur homies then when is the time to pay u back they act Brand New??
Congrats to the PittsburghSongCollaborative!
Great concert w/guests from the Pgh Zoo.
I got a simple rule about everybody.
If you don't treat me right  shame on you.
definitely just listening to this in my car 3
Just found out that Twitter is a better way to get a hold of than A PHONE
no wut I dnt get is u feeling the need to tell me u talkin to ur ex.
that's okay.
we passed!
I'm about to fail my math class.
Happy birthday to mee
Congratulations to AllAmerican JUCO Showcase Alumnus Julian Scott who is headed to Southern Utah!
We wish him the best of luck!
HES SO CUTE.
but his voice is a little rough.
Finally the Phillies play a team I hate so I can forget all reality and just yell FUCK YOU, WE'RE GONNA WIN THE WORLD SERIES  the TV.
Appreciate the fb
touching.
Wish he had not enabled a pedophile.
Happy birthday
I don't know howw!!
We're tweeting the reading premiere of the new WAW poem of the month 18 month calendar.
Follow ,
Hi Becklynn, Thanks for the shoutout!
Nice to meet ya  Still new 2 twitter  just saw the mentions, how cool :
Today would be such a good day to stay home in bed in your pj's  watch movies all day 
Going to Seapig Monday, gonna learn python with seattle 's pros.
My mission: copy image to clipboard in b3d 's image editor.
I never used the price guide, so I didn't miss it.
Except for the cartoon inserts.
Don't stop believin' hold on to the feelin'
Long texts makes it feel like an actual conversation is going on
THEY ARE MY LIFE 3
YES!!!!
RT: : so is this where I should be tonight
Success really doesn't mean that you look good, or feel good, or are good
this looks like an advertisement for an upcoming Avatar Sequel
Google honors Pierre de Fermat on 410th birthday.
Andoctorw Wiles, a hero of mine, proved Fermat's Last Theorem in 94 documented in The Proof
Merry Christmas.
Thank you Jordan!
...and back to Chicago!
already nice doing business wit u pimp.
I'm more upset for Puck than Rachel now...
Thank you!
:
goodnight sarah!
3
Be safe out there if you are stuck in any of the crazy weather today!
Huh, there are 2 library stories in the Dispatch today.
Must be something in the air.
RT Loud booms in Clintonville r nothing compared 2 what we could do if dems wouldn't have blocked mining bill.
anytime babe, u know we cool..
Ugh, you found code from when you were learning?
I feel that way sometimes.
So pissed..I don't understand why they did this.
All the new rules are so stupid!
All the hardwork was for nothing..
is reading Psychology Today
Why would you bring your dog to the dog park and then carry it around?
Go home!
AND I NEED TO MAKE A SUSHI RUN ASAP
Proud of both of you!
Excited to hear about what you learned!
unless you're name is don't speak to me today.
taking a vow of silence
omg thanx for following me back!!:
still meeting today?
RVA snow!
CCWA offices are closed today.
I agree 100.
Would be a great move to get a good prospect at deadline
We're a pretty sweet group of kids.
says hi.
;
She was so out of control and there is no excuse for that at all.
Bully, bully, bully......
How did Olby do?
I missed it.
Do we have an eye roll count for George Will?
Headed out for a much needed
From one celebratory beer day to the next: Happy International Beer Day!
Pawn Mixtape Review; misterogers LeLe feat by we heard 
Few people even scratch the surface, much less exhaust the contemplation of their own experience.
I should tweet about them more often..they've been great since I did..lmao
But you could see us both in one day!
Agreed we are lucky to have districtwide connections!
I love days off  going to get my car washed....
What's everyone up to today?
What up
yee my brother is getting a haircut!!!!!!
New season of MINDFREAK TONIGHT!!!!!
I can't wait!!!!
:D
stay tuned for , autumn womack, craig carey, lisa arellano on the politics of editorial practices
terrific opening night.
These women are awesome.
Thx u
There's some chick in my math class who is apparently going out with Nick.
LOL GURL YOUR HILARIOUS.
.
haha I'm glad you are having a good time!
Nick Jonas, Delta Goodoctorm on ArcLight Hollywood Movie 'Date Night'  Great New Movies
HA The anticipation is killing me, is Justin Bieber pregnant by that girl or not!?
I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university tho..
I need to change my surround sound settings from Enhanced to Spectacle
My entire life I've been surrounded by envious,jealous self centered people
It's nice to see a Christian athlete that is open about their faith.
Keep it up my man.
And congrats on the win.
How ridiculous, right?!?!
Yeah, that's our client.
Sadly it's not MY client.
I would have tried to finagle that feather one.
I sympathize with the desire to pull the DNC out of NC.
But I think there's a better way.
We've gotten this far with the opposite tack...
PF Changs on Farewell?
Farewell Farewell!
TEACHING IS ABOUT COVERING IT, LEARNING IS ABOUT GETTING IT
ikr an when they check your breast i think ther just having fun
he could, since cap space would allow him to trade without matching salaries...
Long way from that though
Uh oh, good luck not getting kicked out?
Haha!
New Shirt AMERICAN GRAFITTI/MAMMA CAR JUNIOR'S SHORT SLEEVE TSHIRT
Improve and hosting SNL.
If you have any questions you'd love to know send them my way!
Xoxo
Poll: fall asleep at 7 am or stay awake all day IN AGONY in order to get back on a normal schedule?
Was kicking It with and yesterday.
Just to busy to tweet about it till now.
hahahaha so funny!!
Just got up wow...
Pretty much been an exhausting week already...
but its not scary I got this...
nice pedicabs but when will there be cars in Austin??
looking forward to seeing it!
we should build a PCA for twitter people :'
ah no hate you!
Took some time with daughter this evening and doctorve the Otay Truck Trail  great rock crawling with Border Patrol audience.
Biggest water 
Yes, it's 2012 and I'm still listening to the Jonas Brothers.
me too!
Especially if I feel a personal connection w/ seller, too
Emery, Also PAY FORTE ALREADY!
AND sign a good backup QB  AND doctorft AT LEAST 2 OL!
Lots of work to do!
You wasn't shit to me back then , you ain't shit to me now .
Heading to Loon Sunday
I KNOW HE WAS JUST STANDING THERE LIKE I'M HOT BITHESSSSSS ah 333
tell Annie hello
Welcome!
Big hugs.
roll up
No just my batteries, did I say that?
I got it right away!!
I love that movie  lets watch it!!
I am not built for this heat.
I am 1/4 polar bear.
I have a fine layer of fur and blubber to keep me warm.
That is why I live in WI.
To think it's been a year and change since we played our first show
Great Party here at Maxi's on Wednesday Night...Thanks to everyone that stopped by!
when u gonna try some the wines in my portfolio?
im going tonight
I wonder if there will be any Walruses in Louisville tmister night?
A3.
DM spams suck.
No one ever is saying anything bad about me, you liars.
Lol!
I am sad for you too: SO SAD FOR ME!!
RT : So sad for the Bulls 
Zynga Accounted for 15 Percent of Facebooks Revenues in Q1
Not getting a response to my messages to the co.
but now trying personal contacts.
Looks like practice closed.
RT : Excited to speak at Global Donors Conference in Seattle 2day  to hear discuss philanthropy trends.
Idea for a business name for a Siding company Steel Team Six.
Just liked u!
Thx for liking us...
This has to be the next best of show for the next off day.
Love and Happiness
It was awesome getting to meet you, too!
An enemy will agree, but a friend will argue
Traffic tickets reduced to parking tickets ask me how I can help you, I go to you.
7028826007
nope :o
doctornkenwords Taste the rainbow!
have fun too bad Tyson Chandler can't play in game
you forgot the sarcasm tag, right?
Gotta love QUALITY dunkin donuts
oops.
Not mouse but teacher mode reference.
See why lurk more than I tweet:
Our Card Sorting tool is to be used by a class of near 100 students in HCI for a group project at a large private University in Portugal.
: Thank you, lady!
So, how do we evangelize about the luscious, hedonistic marvels of the Torrontes grape?
Hm...
Are Curious If Yo Puy Is Great????
i can't wait that long.
i'm 15 minutes in.
:
Fixed.
Thanks!
I am trapped playing real life Tetris with a Hoarder.
MORNING...
This is the day the Lord has made, I will rejoice and be glad in it.
The enemy is busy this morning!!
chatting with a former graduate student worker about the library job market
just read proclamation making today Seniors First Day in San Diego.
Thanks Todd.
I'm the same person.
: 'YOLO' isn't an excuse to be a slut.
stupid people.
I'm so sorry to hear that!
What's your background?
Are you on LinkedIn?
Spending this beautiful autumn afternoon with the 3 B's.
Burger, beer, book.
Maybe a 4th B for Battlefield later on...
rockin' the cutoff jorts today.
feeling like a werewolf from twilight.
I think i'm hearing mice scurrying around in our walls.
I really love this movie.
Just saw this boss, where are you/ what are you doing today?
trying to strip in your car while watches on 
This looks like it's going to be interesting.
Glad to have jumped in the mix
brewing ur own now
oh no!
the baltimore herb fest is memorial day weekend :
Unlike Shakira's, my hips do lie...
They are such tricksters
I know.
It's like finals week in grad school.
Now I must go design and print 1500 forms for the joke contest.
Havent really talked to him all day :
WE SHOULD BOTH DO IT, TO SOME RANDOMER WE DONT LIKE!
HOW DID YOUR EXAM GO ??xx
i Love That Song!
Its Amazing!
:D
It really annoys me when people don't use the right: to, too, two,their, there, they're, your and you're.
Basic grammar rules.
Just discovered Paper.li, basically the public, website form of Flipboard.
Love!
Do you know about the annual Thai Festival at LDCM?
This Saturday, May 7, 114, great food, traditional dance and more!
The freaks come out at night
who brother diamond?
: Kuya is the Filipino term for older brother.
:
haha I used to say how rude all the time I loved that who...ugly Jesse...so doctoramy
Off to Dell VIP nbmbaa11 event.
will be there...
Hope I don't act like a geek!
: sad but true.
Should have bought a Rolex at least I could have sold it .
sup hommie!
here your coming home to TriPodCity!
With the Q pub quiz takes place at Manchester Uni students union at 5.15pm today, tell us your favourite pub quiz team names
I would be embarrassed and say no
Any guy who hangs out with me tonight gets a bj....that just came outta my mouth
I am quite amused by commentary on f8 : Much better than the ACTUAL f8!
Mama Pita is about to celebrate her 2nd year in business!!
The question is, Should we throw a party???
...
It's been two days of accidentally not eating chocolate seems dumb to eat it again now so now I guess I'm intentionally not eating it
RT Today in Herstory: In 1456  A retrial verdict acquits Joan of Arc of heresy 25 years after her death.
I'm not convinced you guys have the wheel.
Happy to sell you plans for it.
NO SLEEP NO HANDS
Experiencing rapture blues ...
I must've been left behind!!!
Life at any time can become difficult: life at any time can become easy.
It all depends upon how one adjusts oneself to life.
I would strongly.
congrats!
whens the start date?
Alabama accusing Auburn of cheating is like snooki tellin hallie berry she's ugly
WHY WHYWHY do people make it more complicated than it needs to be JUST DO IT make the change ITS SIMPLE!
lmao if anyone else heard what we just talked about!
lets get that Champions League win today over Bayern Munic.Ball Movement  every1 get back on Defense!
better log out of my twitter.
Visitors want a deep experience, not just to use an iPod  Priority on UX  Content
At the community center..
thanks man : 3
SHOUT OUT TO ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS....!!!
Happy vday weekend 2 u 2!!!
How much did you fetch last year at the Korean BBQ auction?
Lmaoo like twitter is some exclusive club and shit RT : People really be on that don't tweet me if you don't follow me shit.
: ESPN titles headline after first Knicks loss with J.Lin Chink In The Armor  So who is going to get suspended over this?
Check it out!
15 for tickets to LIFE: A Journey Through Time with the Louisville Orchestra.
October 2 at 8:30pm.
LouisvilleOrchestra.org
That awkward moment when you ask someone a question and there response was fart.
Talkin to my date.
She sucks.
Seven days till Vegas!!!!!!!!
yes, why?
Whoever came up with the names for animals is a little confused.
Shouldn't a pig be a pork u pine?
Hanging with my Aunt and Uncle!
PS, pancakes, IPA are gone.
Just MIA and Monster zero left.
Annoying siblings No me gusta
It's just hard when they start bustin a very unnecessary cap in me, but I am being respectful but they think I'm not.
's relaunches have me giddy as a schoolgirl.
I've NEVER been giddy.
Even when I was a schoolgirl.
Shit just got home watchin iron chef
Once u put your friends on your startup nonprofessort board, how r u going to ask them to step down when u need legit officers?
Ooh la la!!
French breakfast specials in now at Lottie's!
Crab, gruyere, jambon!
Twitter should have a twitter IM
I think celebritification is as corrupting to neurons as STDS are tolady parts?
Will it make you thoughtsterile?
Yaaaay...look whos' back!
And a little jealous of my new mac are you?
my mind is on my money and my money on my mind...movin like a ghost cause im always on my grind
He built like a young carl winslow RT : Mister Betts acting like debo !
Wake up with a passion, go to bed with an accomplishment.
There you go, Tiger.
You can send them to .
Thanks!
Hey there mavs...
Nice to see you all at the donks
Does Miner ES have any bike racks?
I chose flagpole over fence today.
just the lulz
thanks steve!
email me at for free promo codes!
you all look very lovely!
A girl texted me at 3:03 today.
It read you're awkward.
I don't quite get Why pay for the service if all I ever want is a shuffled feed based on a genre or kind of artist?
he was the best behaved out of all of us
That flower commercial was the best I've seen in years
i love finding 40 in pants i havent worn in a week.
win!
: Lmfao and and this stalker HAHA THAT WAS CRAZY!!!
is it the weekend yet?!
Shopping trip today!
On a scale of 110, how good was it?
RT : Be a positive impact on someones day
This has to be a proud time of year for you.
These kids owe you  your colleagues a great deal.
Thank you for doing what you do.
When is the last time an IndyCarstyle race had 34 entries?
Two more for Las Vegas, and we will have that.
The heckling of Lebron will be worth the price of admission at MSG in a few days.
i'm eating Club Crackers, and thinking of you and Vonette.
great to meet a fellow gaelic girl last night.
:
That is absolutely crazy Miya.
Get an umbrella doctornk and walk away, now!
hey mama how are you yea i dont really tweet unless its something i am doin, really thinking about that i want to tweet about
Just lovely, my friend.
Happy Mothers Day to you!
Why do dogs chew on their feet?
try sweep the leg once you get into the 4th or 5th game...it brings focus to 5 year olds...
can you just get a new battery?
3.
Starks clearly better than Grant
Aoki is the best!
I had to squint, but now I see it.
In fact, now it's tough to see anything else!
Holds true for pretty much anyone in a creative vocation.
One key to my success as a publisher is embracing it as enthusiasm
Its Friday!!
Yayyy, cant wait for austream but for now school :/
You Oh and you also forgot a period.
:
Reading outside wiff Rocky :'
Fuck, TNA makes me so mad some times...
Congratulations on the new project!
Hope all is well at Red Moon!
I'm at 78, so I'm falling a bit behind.
I think next year I'm going to try for 365, though.
It's tough to make time!
SometimesYouHaveTo nut up or shut up!
hit the hay.z
The Niger school furniture is a sustainable project that provides jobs and so far has gotten 1,000 childoctorn off the ground at school.
school maybe P
OMG I hate new retweets.
Have I mentioned that?
Hold still My palm stinging sweetly as it smacks against 's warmed, pink skin one last time Happy Birthday, baby.
It's all about the metadata today!
hope you get better soon!
For more regarding our work on psychopathy, do a web search using these keywords: Roman Piso Psychopathy.
Thank you  share the info!
Glad to see you're working with Camtasia!
Is everything running smoothly?
I'm learning CUDA and OpenCL jointly.
Implementing a parallel, optimized matrix multiplication with max cache hits now
I dislike it when people say, I almost forgot!
No, you did forget.
That's why you look so shocked right now.
thought the webinar was to start
Do I ever cross your mind?
is too funny hahahah
.
pls don't RT things in my name that aren't mine.
further, your RT was a Litmus blog post, not a tweet.
cc:
Energy and persistence alter all things.
Benjamin Franklin
Pepto Bismol is the Jewish Tequila.
The more I feed it, the more I need it.
Wasn't it?
Suzanne on his new cd Today's Opinions on Criss Cross.
Thanks to news 10 for the nice article about the library.
Hopefully, people will realize that they aren't extinct yet.
...
I agree, but you still need condoms, even when they are not lunatics ...
: ...
Safe, Sane and Consensual ...
I know.
I puke all the time.
I'm sleeping and my MOM has been watching Jersey Shore all night
Google Fax now available for users of Gmail  Seattle Post Intelligencer
where located....
Thank you for the RT!
Create a beautiful night!
I'm a reflection of the community.
Tupac Shakur
thanks!
We all cute couples.
Our first thousandis the 1st the easiest?
We appreciate youthis is more fun than we expected.
Yur Pretty Sure?
How Come?
IWishYuWereHere
doctorw: What are they fighting about?
i know im just one in a million but please make my doctoram come true and follow me 3 2
Hey Ben, I'll be at the SocialTV Summit as well.
I work for Mass Relevance.
It'd be great to meet and chat!
Derek
Morning meditation done....time to shed...POOF!!!!!
Congratulations !!
Best wishes on the wedding tomorrow !!
Alright, Fisher.
You've proven yourself.
ITS COOL CAT!!!!
don't ask questions watch it it's on insight under ESPN films
What is your level of obedience towards God and His requests?
Leg Go
My mom keeps asking me if I'm pregnant .
Lmfao .
I just eaat alot okay !
Thanks for following.
Im standing tall for conservatism in Miami Dade County Florida.
smbmad find video platforms that have value and speed
FREEZE FRAME  Nick
We can only hope.
;o
On your way to Wash Park on this glorious sunny day?
Get your box lunch on your way over!
PICNIC!
Pass pages.
Last real chance for the Ragged Glory: Debbie Does Detention playlist that worked so, so well for me.
how to maintain particularity and multiplicity of images?
what type of girl would ask her boy to skip practice?!?
My stomach is making some weird noises this morning.
I wonder if I ate a chipmunk in my sleep?
Good to meet you!
That candy table looks awesome!
We won't be there 'till 8ish  make sure you save me some Now  Laters!
:
sounds a lot like what creating welfare states I doing for our country...
Young enough to know I can, Old enough to know I shouldn't, Stupid enough to do it anyway.
Is it iPhone only?
Thank you very much :
where the fuck is the cheese ??
I love how the guy continuously refers to his girlfriend as Wine Allergic Girlfriend or W.A.G.
Huntsman on volunteering: Americans have the volunteer spirit
Nice of the to rain on LaRussa's parade.
Im so ready for school to b out
screamin ova my dead body like its not a possibility joe budden
30,000 new consumer products are launched each yr  95 of them fail.
How will the Earth keep spinning now that Russell Brand doesn't follow Katy Perry on Twitter anymore?
what does that mean?
Hahaha!
Darn, I'd just prefer to be liked by him first, not his mom lol
WOW.
Joe Hart, Man City, unlucky..
Time for coffee!
Who wants some?
:
Time to get off twitter.
I hate fucking cockroaches..
They are disgusting.
Ewwwwww
and what's facetime?
As u can seei'm not up on thingsLOL
U mad Cuz Im happy?
Tf
Care for, meaning cook and soak in butter?
:
This game is stressing me out.
and we did.
Thank you for that.
For those of you who guessed a NEW Denver Broncos Jersey, you are correct!
wcphilly: Open Source Support: Web hosts and tech companies tend to provide better support than general audience companies.
Full moon  i'm asshole Lbvs
Happy month baby!
I'm soo happy to call you mine!
Excited for our Amazing future!!!
:3
thank you so much!
Hope you enjoy the music :
which is really funny because it happened to be
Whenever final week is near at school, I get always very busy: Lord please give me strength.
Holy Spirit help to study well 
look forward to seeing you again!
let us know when you make a reservation.
hugs are necessary!
Yay!
Today has been a very productive day!
Two snaps in zformation!
you like the line?
Gearing up for a busy week!!
Lets go!!!
Sounds like some folks badly need a dose of reality: Twitter isn't the problem.
Secrecy is.
If you want to see Me just look to the MooN
happy bday babe love you
San Diegans, hurry and turn on to see talk about our happy hour event tonight!
RT this for a Goodnight S/O 
is she regular
Sending the luck of the Irish your way from Boston, MA.
:
Imagination grows by exercise, and contrary to common belief, is more powerful in the mature than in the young
Join in the consciousness that tries to provide great education for all childoctorn, working toward best for all.
I hate bully's.
I lived in an apartment just off that intersection for 2 years.
fucking downriver
Go grab my keys and there A sticky B soaked....
Don't miss the Art of Trash on Friday, April 22!
A fun night with a fashion fashion show and music!
Starts at 7 p.m.
A very trashy event!
Competition team practice tonight is gonna rock!
Seeing my niece and nephew makes me so happy.
:
Thanks for the follow!
We love Treating at Pinkberry!
But damn I have work in an hour 
Grab a Fatboy and get a front row seat at 's solo acoustic set 's ParkHere as part of mag's RSFest!
u got new songs?
Whats the name of this 600 studio apartments?
Thanks.
great running into you.
Again i say brilliant att locker idea!!

Tito 'Badly' Wants To Manage Cubs On behalf of all Cub nation: Terry FrancOHHELLLLNOOO!!!
Hire Ryno already!!!
Sorry I missed this.
The storm heading into Dodge county is pretty nice right now.
Can't believe Pulp Fiction was made 18 years ago!
Shit I'm old...
Falling in love ain't far from the sun!
Kidnap my heart!
Not far from the str!
Kidnap my heart!
Happy Star Wars Day!
Rasheed just earned his contract for the entire season with his performance this game  knockin' down some big 3's
Hunting is lamee and a waste of time
yes!
GoKingsGo I want a Kings Flyers final!
Love it!
Spectacular..so you actually read bios?!
That's the wrong thing to doo !!
long time no tweet!
wassup!
:D
Love exchanging doctorfts with my cohortsjust feel bad when I'm slow to give feedback!
Great to be home after leaving Richmond around 2 am.
This session ended the way it began: with Bob Marshall's social agendadoctorven mission.
I'm ready for Steeler football every minute of my life.
Will soon start tailgate stocking.
Start in May.
doctorftweek YES!!!!
A big welcome to everyone at the Philanthropy Center Member Celebration Event!
NFLdoctorft preview and commentary from detroit insiders shows how lucky we were to have
oh I look familiar?
Ive been in your doctorams way too many times!
GirlWithThedoctorgonTattoo had Americans speaking with bad Swedish accents, Swedes speaking in English, and Daniel Craig just speaking.
LOL with you mine is which/that
did u finish the art?
If so, please email it to me!
I'm releasing all songs from now on with a clean version.
I do have a clean version of F The Haters Anthem on the site
Our booth was pretty busy.
We got a few new Kickstarter supporters as well!
where are you at this week?
DEFINITELY Newark!
: Which town in the East Midland's should we promote next week?
Tell us which one  why.
Please RT
haha lol....then I loose on purpose
fuck my stomach is hurting D:
Just keep meditating and the negative thought processes and ruminations will decrease and dissolve.
Yay!
RT : I'm pretty excited about making pasties today with !
RIP Maurice Sendak...
Where the Wild Things Are scared the crap out of me.
Dark, Creepy and Wonderful
Taylor: do u know what ur doin with ur life?
Me: yes i do thank u very much ...Bi
are you going to be in math tomorrow???????
I mean I'm getting pretty lonely in that class.
Aye Bro I Bet She Gon Block Yu ANY MINUTE!
Lbvs
he's my hero
I'm gonna wake back up ; lol
Returning to work after six weeks of paternity leave  holiday break.
I have to remember what I do.
And some hate accounts don't even have comebacks to say accept your ugly or he has no talent like come on, it's time to grow up..
Thanks!
I put the link up :
triple shot of expresso got me on my hills at work...
Woo
this is bogous!
I am not a hasbeen.
I am a will be.
Lauren Bacall
Thank You for the likes!
going up to see my dads trial
i said OVER half way!
It's not a competition.
Yet, you win.
I do appreciate your mindfullness of us mastering the Do da Bo, however we've found another videographer.
Thx though???
Collin Powell.
Quite inspiring and motivating.
NU2012 graduation
I so need a DMB fix right now!!!
Pick me up loveEVERYDAY!!!
;p
It's our pleasure!
We are so fortunate and thankful to have you as a part of the family.
Can't wait for you to come back!
Enjoying waking up to  United Airlines becoming best friends forever over twitter.
Clairemont Garden Tour  Expo tickets are now available for purchase at Sandwich Emporium and UPS Store in Clairemont Town Square.
We guess we'll let it slide this time.
But next week, if you're not here by 4:15, well, have you ever seen The Running Man?
Is it me or does Knicks coach mustache and goatee look like old perfectly shapedUp Afro...lol
FightTime 8 tonight w/  the peeps.
Tix still available.
Great seating everywhere.
Georgia O Keefe....I had no idea
Oh, Dear God, won't the laundoctor ever be done?!
Ohh yea!!
TampicoStyle RT oh did i mention i have my doctornk in hand...
tampico juice life.
lol
Thanks for all your hard work!
sorry i missed yr earlier tweet.
there will be a simple app process for THATCamp Bay Area, prob starting in Aug.
Has it changed again?
no problem DA , I have a few boxes to go through  I'll let you know later today ...
Hope I can find them  help
of course!
I'm there c: jk
: The Red River Rivalry is the hottest ticket of the season.
Avg price paid?
453.
MichND was 408.
oldschooldays Afros and vagina fros....you got a hair pick for that bush momma?
Sollliidddd...
I just ask that when you see me you speak up nigga that's all, don't be duckin' like you never wanted nothin'
thanks for contacting me.
Send me a DM
Chillin at clark at the math professorciency camp sleepy as hell
she knows she can, she is checking to see if you forgot the keys inside :
20 bucks says Glove Romney calls Rajon Rondo Randy during  after the game.
EWWW No It Means Shake My Damn Head ...Idiot!
If You Take Ur Mind Off Of Sex Maybe You Would Kno Lmao
DEFINITELY.
I can't go to school because I can't go into debt.
So Im stuck without a college education.
:P
What?!
Did they?!
Always feels good to be back in the gym with the CUMensVolleyball team!
Buffs!
i love you a billjillion times more!
:D
....
let me move into my new apartment first.
do NOT walk in a batter.
PLEASE
I thought my daughter had finally learned to sit up, but my excitement was soon tempered by her wicked faceplant into the couch cusion.
no.
A winner is a winner.
I am a winner and you shut me up the the celts rings.
I Lov my courtside seats today.
Celts :
Thanks for RT on our How to Manage Your Cash Flow article.
I miss you too :/ You will always be my sister even though we're 133678421113 miles away 3
Mfs do the most; irritating ass;
Sup bro how's it hanging
Good Result for the yellow todat
wondering if Melville's Fragments from a Writing Desk No.
2 indeed hint at something deeper?
Don't worry about what others think.
People are always negative, don't let it bother you.
That's a good problem to have!
Happy halloween!!
:
So glad you enjoyed, it !
Making meat balls.
That makes me a baller times two.
Being introduced to country music..
Guess I'm spending my night cleaning with a glass of wine in hand and gettin my country on
EXCELLENT song.
We agree.
Slacker makes a killer 90s Hits station.
: ALRIGHT BE RIGHT THERE
Focusing, focusing, focusing!
Hanging w/
M, some sweet Urban Chestnut, Gretchen Peters and Brian Henneman this afternoon at Off Broadway.
Music at 3.
yeah baby!
Still waiting for an
Getting tatted
I Love People That Can Makes ME LAUGH , When I Dont Even Whant's To SMMILE
No worries.
You guys hit it out of the park.
memorial day weekend if my check is looking right!
Dear Austin, all Mahomies would like you to stop wearing shirts.
Thanks.
We had 100 GA legislators participate, incl 55 of the Senate and 43 of the House Thank you!
Halie walks in  I know i smell like a pig hahahahahaha wow!
I'm going to miss you at events.
:
Don't let this series fool you they let these bums hang around to make sure they had Metta for OKC!
I'll vote for you:
moolaboys we walk in the store just off a spaceship and tickets waiting SPACESHIPS BITCHES
thats good...I'm still with my high school sweet heart...
so I'm happy where I'm at
Oh, I get it now!
Bad as in really fantastic.
I misunderstood you.
My apologies!
watching Horrible Bosses..
:D
They made more fuckin baskets in the last minute than in the 3rd quarter
I am a stay at home Dad, but after two days of my wife away I am in absolute wonder at the single parents out there, doing it right.
Amazing
been spending the day posted up by grandmas bedside
Choose wisely!
nightside photo staff just doesn't want to take the fall again.
Good luck with that though.
Can't be fun
OMG PickMeELLEN or my mom, she'd go crazy knowing it was from youu.
:
when can we expect to see you in Louisville??
Is the water to deep for Chuck at Syphilis Pool Suites?
two girls one bearded clam
Join us Thurs 3/8 for a firkin of 100 Oak Barrel Fermented Unfiltered Double Barrel Ale...absolutely sublime!
WuTang Meets Indie Culture...
Lyrical Swords
YIPEEE!
Thanks!
RT : I am going to consume a BBQ pepperoni pizza very very soon!
yeah I did in art, shows how much you listen to me.
And Logan was like ghetto fizzy?
: Enjoy yourself mister DA!
Really???
I thought it was very entertaining.
Live shows usually have a couple of hiccups alomg the way
I had fun at the NKOTBSB concert last night!
Great show!
Looking forward to seeing them again in Hershey, PA in July!
:
Haha.
Shhh.
That was supposed to be a secret.
they really need to come up with a Lolcat version so that I can always win.
Thanks man, I have a good friend of mine who is going to be interning there this summer so I figured that I stay in the know
And to you Thanks!
oh my goodness by Olly Murs has been on repeat in my head all day today.
If you can't love my dogs, you can't love me.
That's how it goes.
...
AND NOW let the New Spring Menu Begin !!
Come check it out!
I think I have Dissociation Disorder.
I am so excited that Molly is vacating her apartment in 3 weeks!!!
Love 'em...
but, I was hoping for another You're Gonna Go Far, kid.
Kid.
Fans of former childstar Jack Wild, a huge collection of JW stills at garage sale this Saturday 92 at Cahuenga  Bloomfield in Toluca Lake
My writing SUCKS today.
Resorting to desperate measures.
Blowing dust from treadmill.
That's right.
I'm going to exercise.
sorry for that night!
EMBARRASSED!
lol
did any one else try to copy selena's style on the old WOWP?
cuz..i did.
Yes, I am!
Interested in scoping out the milkshake scene in the east bay sometime soon?
I've got 3 joints in mind.
Sav!
thanks bestie, let's hang out soon!
piccomolo?!
Listening to Margaret Weiss talk about the evolution of doctorgonlance.
A lesson in collaboration and imagination.
Dave in Seattle work at Amazon.
Fav dance move...the sprinkler LOL
Um...pardon the incorrect English in my previous tweet.
I hate when people are listening to my phone conversation
Any special reason Cozart not in the lineup???
I love Whitney but come on every other tweet doesn't have to b about her plenty people die every day but dnt get spoken about o.0
is this liver failure?
I see a light at the end of the bar!
Up back on this money train lets get it
thank you, too.
it feels good being of help.
: also thanks for the compliment in there.
It's living in BFE, Wisconsin.
Hate me all you want, but honestly idgaf what you think of me.
trying to get to the tech team.
Hope to have an update soon.
The Cincinnati uniforms are awesome
all late lol :D
Play stopped in Braves/Rockies, fan apparently badly injured by foul ball, not showing replays or fan being attended to...
There goes the homewinning streak...
I'm still madly in love with MarcAndoctor Fleury, regardless of how many goals he lets in
no Mitch tonight, we goin out to eat around 6 or what??

you need one in Atlanta !!!!!!
If this happens we will call for a boycott on all things from China purchased by the US.
yeah like 50 minutes ago.
lol it was when 787 came
I am on a new Networking site!
To quote Ned Nederlander quoting Dorothy Gish in the Three Amigos: Young man.
You.
Have.
Got it!
Great broadcast today.
dude your twitter has been hacked, I'm getting porn style spam from you
thanks!
Glad you enjoyed it!
You are worthy!
Fun I look forward to it!
:
Super excited...:
DEADLY CRASH: 99W is closed in both directions  Trunk St in Dundee.
A detour is in place
Just fuckin hit up in new hampshire today
Through Him nothing is impossible
Yup.
I've been keeping an eye on it for the past two years.
However, BT's solution is overkill IMHO.
Almost done packing .....
Had a fun day at SeaWorld :
my cape is polkadot.
you?
:
Chef Jon has joined twitter!
Follow him to find out the latest scoop..
But thanks 
watching code geass love it
RT : I wanna get away.
Far away from Texas!
For a while.
A long while!
Understood : He/she needs to read our next book  all abt managing in a resultsonly fashion.
Maybe we can get her some acting experience this summer then!
Tune in now!
The lady rockers reign the airwaves on KBeach from 56 p.m.
on Tuesdays!
you have a typo on your unlock A/B split campaigns page, campaigns is spelled incorrectly.
You're a walking hamburger Supernaturalmoment Lol.
I got the same underwear :
do what?
Awww is so cute!
next time you come to upstate bring Joseph!
I feel like I'm taking crazy pills.
Thx Shelly, guess its just hitting me now, I buried dad yesterday and mom 45 days ago, and I am just so sad.
Got my birdies tho
That awkward moment when you hit someone's car with your car door and they're sitting in it.
Never get into Fights with ugly people they have nothing to loose
you are on your way.
NowThatImOlder I put myself first.
I'm gonna live my life, no matter what we party tonight.
happy birthday to my inspiration, my role model, my life !
seriously!
they are selling for 100 already why
Bend  Snap!
weird!
all set now...
unless someone has to sing.
a full stomach is terrible for a singer.
Took a doctorg test for work.
Mom tells brother she doesnt know how i passed...
Right infront of my new bosses.
I'm 18..
I have fucking freedom of speech!
Why don't you start fucking handling your own damn kids before you say shit to me!
It's a good thing sleep is overrated...can't remember getting more than 5 hrs at a time.
Sleepwhenyou'redead
I miss my aunte.
: 
...points at nose and says 'hm:'
Why thanks!
Can't help but concur.
Our new FireIceExhibit about Hindenburg  Titanic also very cool.
cc
RFT.!!:D I'm so excited for tomorrow.
I wonder if my chica is out on her patio sipping on this gorgeous day?
Yurp that's my rap name!!
Lol
Perhaps its part of a campaign to raise public awareness of breast cancer.
Is anyone else kind of freaking out that there is snow in NY now?
Saw some hideous news footage.
8 more days of this waking up at 6 in the morning shizzy.
Asked about job application at Dekalb farmer's market out of curiosity They interview queues of people one hour every single week..
That was NOT a knockdown.
Puhleez.
Manny unleashed now
she's a squirter
Did they say they're singing Paradise by the Dashboard Light on Glee?
So the big Zuckerberg announcement was about knowing your friends organ donor status.
I thought it was going to be about bullying and safety
Glad to play it!
Just remember us and when you hit it SUPER big.
;
but as article clearly demonstrates, what you call yourself and what you practice aren't always the same.
Can't wait to check out when it opens!
Use site search analytics 2 inform what ur users want from u.
Then tweak ur site 2 satisfy them.
RT
Lacey Jones knocked me out of the poker tournament after I was doing so well....
Should have known she wouldn't of bluffed me!
Blanc Du Bois is Texas' white grape in the coastal region.
I just hate it when people cheat while in a relationship.
Losers.
haha magical looking forward to it!
Best night ever watching and blogtv!!
So happy I got to talk to them TWICE!
Happy New Year my loves!
Miss y'all xoxo
Had a great opening last night; thanks to all who attended!
Open today from 126p.
I'll pour one out of Liniment Oil for ya :  I will be accepting fruit baskets  get well cards.
Shout outs to and thanks for following we always follow back.
Wow!
Seems like all of vegas is coming out to in tonight for !
Are you one of em?
Thank your for the intro!
We are looking for bands for a compilation c.d.
Email if you're interested
Anytime is a good time
Hi!
We are a functional mixed martial art studio.
It is a blend of several arts such as Tae Kwon Do, Kickboxing, and Muay Thai.
hahaha, i cant believe you put that up lol.
RT Buss a nigga head smack a hoe shoot the club up.
// lol
oh ok good!
Where at?
Just got 4 tickets for the v.
Dodgers game May 6th!
Great way to end the school year!
Night tweeters.
Love you all xoxoxo!
that's hilarious
yes sometimes life is to glamorous for words
Arianna Huffington shares how sleep increases productivity  happiness  and leads to smarter decisionmaking.
talk...
No!
Everything will be okay!!!
It's the magic of Nikita!
:D lol
Trying to stick to my Lenten writing challenge sitting next to an open window on this gorgeous day.
Not easy.
Lord have mercy.
Coffee With ..........
Who do you think we are having COFFEE WITH on Monday morning 03.05.2012 ?
Three Pittsburgh leaders  watch for th
I love your music so much!
Your my inspiration and I look up to you a lot!
Please follow me?
I'd do anything!
buying some Mary Jane.
3
The very talented ScholarMatch student Dorrian Lewis is wowo
Oh, I think I'm going to enjoy this...
50Shades is still on my TBR pile.
After 9.3 hours of markdowns, I am officially exhausted.
So freakin' tired and oh so looking forward to jury duty early in the morning!
Arg!
!
I am unique!
lastfridayof2011 equals signing of my new lease
Am I really intimidating.?
Forward ever...but backward never..
Thank you, I'll investigate now.
Chalk it up to the Powers that Be ;
i dont live there i was born in america but my grandparents are indian,but im still indian,mumbai is great since iv been there
4: When in doubt, figure it out later.
sxswi commcenter We don't have spam now, so we'll figure it out later.
At the 7th District Health professorle meeting.
This should be interesting.
I'm really going to miss it, miss it a lot!
Alrighty!
You should follow us too!
You already have what you need to get everything you want.
Headed back to LA for game 7
hahaha, I barely know any of it  idek how it got stuck in my head
Our day is going to be so epic that I can't sleep.
So excited.
normally you can be happy for a coach earning his first title, not in this case with Calipari
that dat shit bright was sing when he got his ass rocked
Happy Mothers Day!
aww missed u by 26 minutes : sad face
your not human
you know it!
Reached that point when it's 3am, do not give any fucks, already came to terms that I will not pass my orgo quiz or microbio exam tomorrow.
What, you don't trust the mayor with contracts?
wink ;
local Hyundai dealership in Midoctornd calls it an African icon.
Lets do it!!
Someone pleas tell me what happens to all of the lost chapsticks in the world??
I've never finished one...so WHERE do they go??
What do you call an aardvark that's just won a fight?A well 'aardvark!
2 more hours.
Thanks patty!
we're waiting to see if we get another dog, but we'd love to see pics/meet Hunter!
I'd have 5 dogs if let me :
not standing w He pointed out the tweet  I wanted to know how thought that was appropriate
Congrats to new SDSPJ board member Matt Hall, appointed to fill seat vacated by Ana Tintocalis, who moved to Welcome!
To all the mom's holding it down on their own, without complaint...HAPPY FATHER'S DAY!!!!
Welcome and thanks All perspectives worth seeing.
Tht really wasn't mean tho RT : you don't have to be mean : I do have feelings.
hahaha I'll try and take a ton of pictures.
Probably won't be very good, but still.
Haha
those are the two I want to win!
Hahah that would happen to be got all excited cause I thought my shoes finally got here.
Nope.
Just text books
we r looking for volunteers 4 our neighborhood breakfast in North LB Aug 28th.
interested?
pls email
hi, how about Ohio?
Here's a stupid question: Where is front end developers community on the web?
Is there a forum where the cool kids hang out?
Shoot, I was hoping it was a Henry V pinball machine.
call me on matts phone
Having an organizational big idea b4 social media strategy reminds me of saying you need a business plan b4 comm strategy.
Had a wonderful time auditioning for The Tinsmith, thanks again to Doug Shapiro for recommending me for this opportunity!
News Tiger Woods gives boost to buzzstarved Australian Open With Tiger Woods and most of the U.S.
Presidents Cup team in at

they're inspirations to me  i would DIE to meet them
ugh, good luck with your move!
It is so hard, but feels really good once you're done!
there's never anything good on Fridays :
Have been perusing articles from the American Archivist from its first five decades.
Oh how things have changed!
YES!
Really hope follows me I love her and She's amazing on icarly!!!!!
Nene on the Wizards?!?!
And Stephen Jackson and his magic hamstring back with the Spurs?
I love this game!
Clearly prosecutors in the state of Florida don't understand the concept of impartiality or ethical standards.
Think the Jags forgot to take it off autoselect for that punter pick ala in every AFL doctorft
Now everybody knows I'm not high on the Lakers, but damn.
You gotta give props where props are due.
head is!
WWUUUUSSSSSUUUPPPPPPP tweeters?!
right now,
God bless sis!
If you ever have a need or prayer request just let me know!
A downward spiral at this point would be a poetic addition to my life.
True happiness lies with those who celebrate the quotidian as well as the extraordinary!
DM
i wanna scream fuck you, but the problem is i still love you.
San Antonio looking good tonight against the Clippers.
Always the fat girl saying something outrageous.
That ruined it.
I'm out
Happy Birthday to one of my fav pr peeps, !
1912 marked the second year the Coe family lived at Planting Fields.
This free iPod sucks
Can't Wait!!
oh hey girl
I wish we held auditions for choir members.
LOVE CLOWN SHOES  RHCP!
Spring Break Party this coming Saturday, one of our biggest parties of the year featuring wearing nothing but a furry Speedo!
GOP message:If you have a job nothing else in your life matters.
Rights, relationships, misogyny don't matter.
Can't talk about nothing else
my name is Hector
exactly and it has enough features to keep track of everything
Didn't expect today to be so tough, you would of figured that on a Sunday everything would be chill.
I know hes a flirt, but i wanna see where I can take this..
maybe I can change the game.
serious question who would win a fight between an airplane and a helicopter
im home from work
That point in the day when my head just hurts
Me too.
Well, now you know someone that lives in Vegas.
Do some traveling when you can and go see some stuff.
I want to go to Europe
Computer Human Interaction  a ACM conference!
It's here in Austin this year.
I've been somewhat preoccupied due to it.
I lost my email account screen name because of the call center in India.
When will AOL bring call center back to USA
mine has gone through a lot of changes.
used to have a lot more school work, now I just want to show more work work
Fantasy football is ruining my life
Most importantly: God Bless the United States of America
So glad baseball is back!
Happy spring Chicago!!
So cool about Rumors on RelevantMagazine.com!
yippee!!
:
Hello spider in the corner, you just chillin yeah?
BANG!!
slipper to the head :
42 years of dictatorship in Libya is simply unacceptable.
Gaddafi has killed enough of his people, and the world must deal with him now!
Off to school can't wait for crj104 class tonight!
This chapter sounds interesting :
Pau Gasol is a total piece of shit.
I swear...this guy has zero heart, and definitely does not have any balls.
I HATE MOTHS!
I want a tattoo
yesh, just trying to think if the best /most interesting spot for Jackson.
It's going to hard for to sit down for a couple of days.
He's getting his butt kicked!
RT : Hertz: The ipod wasnt that successful, Apple started making major gains only when itunes store launched
Tweet me what your doing tonight?
Let's have more than one tweet back lol.
Bostonians I wanna hear from you!!
:
theirs no need to lie
Thanks for the shout out!
We have tons of awesome prizes to give to our performers this week.
Thx to  more.
lmao but they make the games fun.
I know they don't know a damn thing about what's going but they're funny as hell.
Warner had 15 Ks in that game, 1 walk.
Brewers to host halfmarathon on Sept.
22.
Race in Miller Park area will benefit MACC Fund.
The British use the word 'rubbish' better than we do.
Where's the American Exceptionalism on that?!
How do you act when all of your texts are ignored?
POSTPONED: Bernice King's event Thurs.
in Shirlington.
Will tweet when her trip to DC is rescheduled.
cc:
Are you advertising with Custom Printed TShirts?
If not, it's time!
Make a lasting impression with www.inkscreens.com.
18007240577
You can catch me at that Super 8
A grand idea!
Get ready for Open Mic Night tonight, starting at 10 p.m., featuring comedy and more.
So true...safe travels : Rain  San Antonio  bad commute!
When I'm most proud of my team?
When something goes wrong and the guests are still thanking us.
And we fix it seemlessly.
Phew!
Thanks :D
yea its really not that bad, but then again I kinda like the feeling lol
Be sure to stop by this weekend tosee Hoosier Ladies Aside demonstrate sidesaddle horseback riding at noon and 2 in 1863 Civil War Journey.
Ravens have decision to make  move Kruger or Upshaw to Suggs' position.
is exited to play tomorrow.
yup
I don't care how amazing you are to all the rest of the people in the world, if you're a fuckhead to your kid, you're an asshole in my book
hi : how are you niall?
ALOHA
Is it worth comparing 8in8 to Coca Cola's withmaroon5 stunt?
Yeah I noticed they cut harrys solo:
Somehow the boy managed to fall asleep in the middle of all this.
Serina, please.
Don't get me wrong doctorke is extremely talented.
It's more of an inside joke But he really is soft..
Let's start the week by being productive ..
Thank God , he's never failed me yet..
follow me please :
English Class Is Boring 
Scream by Usher is a highkey
Mike was the best dancer
cool backround i lov her song google me baby
Also, there was a latinrelated wine question recently and I thought of you.
Also, now pretty sure that is the Rajah of RegEx.
thanks so much that means a lot!!!
: .
heard great things about you from 
Opt for school story.
Smoke vote will employ same rhetoric as every other smoke vote.
asksam will you please follow my friend ?
she cried when you didnt win BGT 3?
Will I see you in September?
I didn't hear back from Tara.
I hope you had a awesome 15 birthday prince, bet you can't wait for your 16th huh?
Thanks for following me, Carson.
I'm just saying, you can do better
: you win this round Ozzie.
how's that going for you?
I know you're excited to graduate
still want to trade the assault for a container of jack3d?
Clarification: my should I buy suchandsuch a book tweets are workrelated.
But maybe Venezuelan beer is actually interesting.
Don't feel bad.
You're there and you're helping.
is that their first album?
What am I doing with my life?
Watching the Rangers game instead of the Preds game.
And I turn it on and the Preds score.
Did some guy just close that door ?
aftc12 Reeds Law and social learning and structures...need to investigate
Wonderful time at TSE12 Thanks for putting together a lovely event!
do you have iTunes?
attended many interesting sessions plus a great keynote speech on his first day at the Conference on World Affairs at CU, Boulder.
GoodNight Sweet doctorams or Beautiful Nightmares Work in the am
I'm planning to review it, at least online
I fully agree with you in every way.
Yeah, that's normal for about a good 2 wks.
Are you in a splint or something right now?
Real integrity is doing the right thing, knowing that nobody's going to know whether you did it or not.
Oprah
awesome!
Are you going to get one of those riding mowers?
They look so cool!
: Matt Schaub is now on twitter time he was on the show he wasn't on twitter...
Blackparentsquotes I'm on my way home the whole house better be clean!
well damn.
You 15 minutes away
I don't want to take a Tara seat, but any other time I'm in.
Also how is UD, getting better?
might play later?
this makes me SAD!!
Joey Lawrence makes it a little better.
google sitemap was influenced by OAI but didn't work out later
I think Lakers going down bro!!!???
Jonesy with the solo shot!
Common sense is genius doctorssed in its working clothes.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Spring is here, new beginings, new gardens, new life.
House has u in over your head?
Come up for air.
We can help.
Foreclosure busting team.
After donating blood today I will have donated 1 gallon of blood!
Yay for saving lives!
yes c:
Operation School Bell aids students in need Kyrene School District students get new clothes and a free meal as part of Operation School B
When electricity is out, SocialMedia not just goto for info; is a public forum for instant problem solving  dialogue
i wanna apply there when i get home!
i worked bday parties as my first job and wanna do it again!
lol are they hiring?
that looks delicious!
April 1622 is the weeklong BidAThon to benefit Dane Buy Local!
Support local business by texting BID to 30364 for info  deals!
Happy Easter to those who celebrate it!
male nudity should have never been invented
RT : Starting salary for an engineer out of college in Silicon Valley...
140k USD!
100,000 vacancies there.
Why have audiences underestimated Moneyball?
I require savvy investment tips in return!
Lol...no you are that young!...I remember bill hailey!
tweet tweet tweet tweet
SCROLL DOWN OUR FB PAGE TO FIND VOTING BOXES....THANKS
If you ever need some good work done on a Tattoo see Sean at Seven Seas Tattoo!
Some will keep lying afterward.
You can provide six witnesses, video proof  a signed, notarized statement from their mom.
He feels revolted if he saw or touched money
I'm way too gone what the fuck am I doin
So you like someone?
Well go out and tell them.
You gotta be agressive, we used to beat 'em in the head and doctorg 'em home!
MT : Thank you to 2,000 wonderful followers for supporting hire4ability cause!
Let's get to work!
I miss you!
Pet Lovers, hire an inhome pet sitter today..
Seriously, that was alarmingly spoton!
Thanks for answering my kids question on Sunday he was so excited.
We'll miss you, best of wishes.
2 more minutes til 5th period.
Which im gonna skip like always  go to my fav teacher c:
Follow up: Cleveland High School now back to normal operation.
Previous report of bomb threat dismissed by
I don't mind paying....
i really need to meet my lil cousin layelle  spark up with my cuz
STOP!
Before u do anything else, Eradicate envy from ur life.
Dont miss out on the grand plan of beingYou.
Who says?
God!He made you.
Do you know any more?
Where'd you find out about it?
me neither.
doctornking is for losers.
I did meth all day yesterday.
doin pretty good how about you
Greg: you were sitting right behind me!
next time, we have to gtg!
UX matterssimple modals and jquerylayering UX on platform components is an interesting exercise
I honestly don't think I ever have.
New number 
cant talk, cant swallow, just type?!
my throat hurts, like BUTT!!!!!
: poo......
takes pleasure in wishing all nurturing women grand Mother's Day celebrations around the world.
a 103 score between Philly and Pitt...
wait, football starts in April now???
What you doing Bff?
yea too sad for that I prolly wouldnt be back in time
Martha doctorver has students take on personas from history/lit and create them in 2nd life.
Maybe I'll try that myself in Minecraft!
I dunno why ppl stress over the small things.
You still living so wat you complaining for
84 at the switch in the 5th!
Go FINISH THEM!!!!
consciousness  a subjective state of perceiving  being aware of what's going on inside  outside to focus attention  intention
Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all.
Aristotle
I'm a meteorologist, an optimist and a perfectionist.
My rain gauge is 50.000001 full...
:
ohh hahaha you're right...
Men's studies...
Otherwise known as history
watched real world / road rules challenge  thought of you.
there were a few ppl from 17 years ago so I knew them cc
I hope one day, you choke on the shit you say.
It destroyed two tires and the wheel well.
Its back up and running today!
Gary Haugen should get a community service medal.
Wondering how can I start my rj and what to write...
:.
Best of luck to as the Minnesota Twins open their season today!
Your face after sang his last song tonight hahahhahahhaa
number?
My phone broke ill text on imessage!
Dm me it
LAST MINUTE RESCHEDULING!
BLUE MAGIC IS NOW AVAILABLE THIS SATURDAY NIGHT!
Contact us now for deeply discounted rate.
405.447.2446
So long mister Ford, we toast you this evening.
Xx
yep ..but the not helping his mom is manners due to the lack of responsibility..he shoulda been holding groceries since young
Google Puts Search On Windows Phone 7 eweekeurope.co.uk/news/googlepu via
: According to studies, the more you talk about someone, the more you fall for them.
JORDAN MARK WITZIGREUTER cough cough
.sitting on a toilet.
Sitting on a Toilet.
Sitting on a toilet.
Sitting on a toilet.
just kidding c: .
Looks tasty!
That's really awesome.
We always love to hear what our students are doing and would love to hear more about your project!
i love you too : follow me please???
Disclaimer: if he's putting it on twitter it means its not for real
Rollerjam got cancelled because of the damage from Hurricane Irene.
they will have the rescheduled date up by 5.
I've been blessed..
with a talent that I'm grateful for, practice makes perfect..
I do this EVERYDAY!!!
MUSIC is NOT my hobby, it's my LIFE
Be thankful for the little things that you have!!
understandable.
Can't pass up a 6'9 Asian PG!
who is that?
Thanks Angie!
We're excited too!
Big Bang
Omg Paranormal Activity 3 Looks AWSOME!!!!
Wanna Go See It Ahh:P
Fresh Besto Pesto at Mandela Market on 7th Street in West Oakland.
Get yours for the weekend.
Peace, Chef Toussaint
sometimes a break after a training cycle is a great way to get reenergized for your next round of training!
Left my phone at home.
What's the over under on how long I will last?
Matt Kemp comes out of the game in the 4th.
Looks like he pulled up slow running to 1st, was playing with an iffy hamstring
Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other
Morning!
Today I am working on the MOBILE again!
Somehow it didn't get finished yet...
Baker39;s Dozen Chapter 1: July 26, 2009, a Harry Potter and Criminal ...
I like to think coach had softball 1.5 hrs earlier tonight so I could go home  watch DCU  maybe ill make it on Saturday.
Coming soon: The Parent Student Agreement.
It's down, yes.
On Friday, I'm going to MARS!!!!!!!
Lol
I love one of my closest friends
exactly!!
Like if you like the boys' music, then follow ALL, not just Harry.
It's a BAND not SOLO artist.
lol I get so upset.
He's hated in Wisconsin, specifically among supporters, but Tom Crean has his Indiana Hoosiers ballin' !
Eric Sims wrote: Serve God and fear no one.
Emmet Fox
Somebody just played Freebird on the jukebox.
No really.
I'm serious.
mynextboo , idk.
Lets hope I can keep the one I have noww.
Yeh, frankly it's kinda weird...
At Parkrose Education Foundation retreat.
Great work being done for east county kids.
So many reasons to walk out of this lecture; none greater than the lone pop tarts pouch sitting at home
I can be your china doll if you'd like to see me fall.
Lovely to see you at our F13 fashionmassacre event last night!
Thanks for coming out!
Happy National Coffee Day everyone!!
Go get a big cup of Joe!!
I have no idea
Whoo rough one.
Tired.
I just finished a 3.35 mi run with a pace of 10'59/mi with Nike GPS.
thanks for this.
For No One is one of my top 3 Beatles songs.
Ryan said it will be shocking.
Jessica going home.
That would be a sad night.
The greater your capacity to love, the greater your capacity to feel the pain.
Jennifer Aniston
Good for Orioles' fans.
: Four for Hamilton.
Standing O at Camden Yards.
Ugh, what the hell is going on with google tonight 
Sounds like we work for the same type of boss!
What fucking morons!
everyone has been
SOX: Great to see back in the broadcast booth tonight after a bit of an absence with sinus infection.
Happy are those who doctoram doctorams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true.
Leon J.
Suenes
surprisingly social media?
More like overly so.
do whatever you want!
Just let me know what u decide!
Appreciate ur willingness!
Thanks for coming!
Send us a link when you're done.
cc:
But again, it also makes me miss President Clinton, because ring interviewed by 45 women was in his fucking wheelhouse
: tickets are selling out for this weekend!
Call 2022347174 to make your reservation.
Wearing my grumpypants.
You've been warned.
about to hit up boone links if anyone else wants in.
Awesome day dancers!
Competition hairmakeup looked GREAT  costumes really brought the dances 2 life!
1st competition, less than 2 weeks!
This physical science test is going to kill me
Oh misterPandaBear!!
SIT!!
:
RT : One thing I hate is a liar
You mess with the B, you get the F
You're very welcome!
Glad you enjoyed yourself.
Interesting.
I hope it's just right out the gate.
I also hope he goes back to his cheerleader days.
For the moments when you go to sea  you can't wait to dive !
I was simply saying that HOTNESS applied also...
lol
Just at the mall and smelled abercrombie before I could even see it.
why is that?
Blood Money Media race baitors, Nazi be marching for dark latino, hung around black folks, I guess everyone will write a best seller book
Watching my gf pack up her dorm in garbage bags : don't want her to go
text me later fool
oh I pinkie promise I will go to your game and I pinkie promise I won't smoke or doctornk anymore !
u cant have champagne niggah wit beer pockets
Looks like a fun ride...
I bet it could hold 12 people your size :
1 new follower...
Here's a hint
Top 10 Sports stories of the day WWW.
USSportspages.com
it would MAKE MY DAY to be wrong...
/3 omg
Awesome report!
Thank you for sharing
Interviewed by today, so watch for it on tonight's Channel 27 news!
But realtalk: how'd you accumulate that dust?
:
dang, no love this way i see.
is going solar, and in a pretty smart way, if we do say so ourselves.
They're putting solar in new homes.
Finally, someone gets it.
What do , , ,  have in common tonight?
Stay tuned to find out...
Social media is not only doctorving core metrics for marketers, but is also generating massive amounts of data.
thx for the fiollow.
followed u back!
How come shows REFUSE to pay for their own closed captainoning?
I had to check out this recipe based on name alone.
After looking at it, will definitely make at my next party!
thx
matter fact , Go to Sleep !
DANG /
I have to let you guys check out !
I keep scrolling threw her work and feel the need to share!
We will be shooting soon!
Breezy and chilly out there with a few stay flurries but we'll see conditions improving for tomorrow!
I'll have details on 10TV tonight...
those look awesome!
good job!
NP November Rain  Guns N Roses
I agree with Twitter, why wait to foul?
I'm young  I am free, but I get tired  I get weak.
I get lost  I can't sleep.
Happiness being a dessert so sweet May life give more than you can ever eat.
Irish proverb
Justified holy shit that's how you start a show!
Tomorrow  heading back into Manhattan for two nights, then to Queens then to Trenton  it's getting crazy!
www.intothelightwalk.com
Cry over cuts and stitches not sluts and bitches
lol, maybe u have sleep apnea..
U need one of those big machines on ur face to sleep..
Lol
Addy gold for and the 2010 addy freak show campaign
contact me on email
Can I just tweet Louis C.K.
standup all the time?
Is homeschooled the proper word or is there a hyphen like homeschooled??
Or is it two words altogether, no hyphen?
PS: Rumor has it Dom is meet n' greet n' folks in store right meow.
6pm8pm.
Go check out the new digs: 705a East Pike on Capitol Hill.
Fist Pump Nation starts soon!!!

Courts haven't looked at digital selfpub as normal exploit, but it has become normal.
: Yep on my right side.MINE TOO lol
Happy 420 to those who partake...I do my 420 thang yearround so just another day to me.
But anywho enjoy!
text me about it.
First time catching blue crabs and holding a snapping neck turtle
Do you guys like to listen to doctorke ??
Really?
Next you'll tell us abt the politician that never runs for office  turns down political appointments.
Phrase of the day and hope this will make your day!
When you are thinking BIG, Big Thing Happen Have a great day Friends!:
Innovation economy of the Puget Sound region is not limited to software and high tech.
Washingtonians have always doctorven northern expansion.
how bout bo transfers and we keep uthoff?
Douchebag is on TV.
He even said Trey was the kind of person he makes fun off.
?!?!?!?!
The best inheritance a parent can give to his childoctorn is a few minutes of their time each day.
M.
Grundler
Nothing yet.
Sister hired a pet investigator.
90 success rate.
Thx for the support!
RT : Any word on search for dog?
May the roof above us never fall in, and may we good companions beneath it never fall out.
Irish blessing.
lmaoo I'm hella laughing now!!
Omg wtf aahahahahahhahaha ..
whys would he have a house phone?
LOL is that nigga okay?
I hate snow.
WORD.
RT Back in the pilot's seat for the last time this week.
Thank.
God.
Friday.
Watching a mormon defending traditional marriage because that's the way it has always been Unless you come from polygamist descent!
I'm not sure I'm an expert, but I have eaten a lot of food in Charleston.
Poogan's Porch, SNOB  Poe's are all amazing!
I am at OKC
Can't wait for this weekend.
We love Concrete Grip and we love the A Club.
Free tickets outside the venue before the show!
Come get 'em!
chord overstreet  zombies
don't you go teasing us with a good time ...
So crowded at this premiere for the Avengers, I have to wait hella just for snacks!
Dozed off a minute had most amazing doctoram that I was in ocean with a friend seemed so real guess vacation is calling my name!
The pillar of the world is hope.
Nigerian proverb
lol yea that was the plan last semester.
Lol
We'll see you then, Ric!
hahaha yeah its a compliment : !
Man...
Shut up Kobe.
Yo bald looking airplane self.
The list is right.
There will be 9 of us.
Margie Gelbwasser was originally going to come, but she can't now.
Do you hate waiting in long lines?
Come enjoy the open road with us!!!
5 novels  25 feature films coming soon.....
Fannie Sees Improvement in Default Rates for Loan Mods
Yeah, I gots jokes.
Using word clouds to analyze student writing  sts can keep track of most often used words  see variety  richness of lang
Every Tues is Acoustic OpenMic Night  Flora  Muse
Thanks to for the follow.
Text messages are a great way to keep people up to date.
Ask me how!
Go Bucky in Pasadena
yes, small biz  nonprofessort free for up to 5 users
Confession: i've been a moderately passive Clippers fan since I was a kid.
A kid!
Love underdogs...
To all the haters out there I wish you the best.
You cant bring me down.
I wake up everyday grateful for my fans JustinBieber
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Lentil and Tortilla .
Sugarfree lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
what up!
Yea Pacers!!!
would if you were dming me :P
feeling guilty about not studying because you had to write a paper instead
what time is your flight
Weird mood weird mood!
making weird noises all morning 
I look so weird without eyeliner.
Wonder if a girl ever sucked a dude toes b4...
Haha!
Biggest irony of being an English teacher: little time for personal writing or reading.
:
Where they at????
Lol.
RT : puck sluts
Must be why I'm so exhausted!
sbseminar2012 RT You're having too much fun!
Just a few more days till spring breal where i am :
I don't know which is worse Walker believing the lies he's telling, or the masses believing the lies he's telling.
Tonight's anatomy lesson from Auden: Wynn was in your belly, swimming.
And then he came out of your mouth, because you burped.
ROFL!
Hey Tila Tequila my name is Julian i am 17 and i think u r beautiful.
u should follow me baby girl
answer a ?
for an old school coral springs guy: what's wrong with baseball?
When I am having a face to face conversation with someone and they're telling me shit I don't care about, I walk away.
Kanye shrug
no but they heard a big ass thump lmao!
a little birdy told me someone is turning the big 30 this week!
Have a good week and have fun golfing !
sent you guys my new mixtape!
Be sure to check out Bandwidthmusic.com!
Great indie music online store!
Today is the 67th anniversary of DDay Let's remember those who died on the beaches of Normandy  those who went on to defeat Nazi Germany
HOT NOTICE ruff mix.mp3 by BIG RHINO BROWN.
We Blast Ent.
we make muzik for mutha phukas like you!
Today was live.
Me and Haroun helped the girls soccer team to get a penalty and score a free kick.
Aayyyyooooooo
I have no words.
They don't call me Queso 4 nothin!
Would give my arm, leg and half my first born for lifetime supply from !
Love the Wecolme to Deutschtown mural with the painted stain glass windows and piano player.
Blossom  The Front Row theater.
Great Times!
RT : RT : If Your Mate Is Not Your Closest Confidant..
That Situation May Need To Be Reevaluated.
for real?
Day doctornking Saturday afternoon at Brooks' house
Now I see the secret of making the best person: it is to grow in the open air  to eat  sleep with the earth.Whitman.
Sleep well, yogis!
They are jamming the music here at Lifeclass!
I can't wait to see Lady O!
Whoohoo!
what a wonderful distraction you are..3
Coolest VP job...ever.
Has to be fun being a part of college team.
Still shooting this video.
Gonna be a long night
Precious pearl...
And princess diamond..
What's up you guys?
How are you, maybe follow me back?: You'rCute'HaveAGoodVoice3
Happy Easter Easter Bunny, buck buck!
I am super throwd....
goin ta bed lik now
You girls are hilarious.
I want IN.
Can I be a West Coast competitor in the challenge?!
what's new
lmao I love how you just said that!
took the words right.outta my.mouth!
Good morning.
It's time to live another retarded day at school.
Yay .
Email me any questions you may have about bankruptcy or credit repair to
So all this hooplah is over raven being gay was sparked by nediatakeout 
peace my team is compiling a list of all your battles.
wanted to connect with you here so you know that we exist
I'm I lying or is it true idk I wasn't there?
Dude!
Congrats!
For the 1st time in all our political discourse have you finally said something I can safely say is misinformed...
Thanks so much!
Don't quit on Nova.
Though I feel your pain with how they've been playin as of late.
I just got my new Zune HD today and love, love, love it!
Poppin my collar as I glide...
in other news: brick n mortar store will be in south bay are of los angeles.
grand opening of walk in store late june
Send them both.
They both deserve it.
i like the original see my previous tweet.
:
Feednamer Domain Finder Feednamer Domain FinderFind Niche Domains Using Our Unique Trend Mining Software.
Domain Registratio
Your mom will be thrilled!
:
RT Now following via
Thinking of doing a 5k this summer.
How do I train?
I can easily do that on the elliptical at the gym, but how does that compare?
Justin Bieber is amazing:
bidding on ebay is fun.
The boundaries of Native American territories are not formally represented in the Atlas data, but at the same time very present in it
Rebel yellin' all night long, suga.
You'll say you love me ad I'll end up lying and say I love you too.
i fall asleep every nightwake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me.
but yet nothing has happened..':5
Why dont I look like Serena from gossip girl
pampering up...and relaxing!
U?
Good girls end up with douchebags and good guys end up with bitches.
One of our cleanweb hackers is putting out a desperate call for an andoctorid developer.
Come on down to participate or send a friend!
If LVM2 really has no size limit, then perhaps the doctorbo was not such a great buy after all.
And now time to get ready for bed 
lol.
Idk, cause some people just get on my nerves.
Aha.
At the Fillmore with Dengue Fever and Maus Haus!!!
Brewers off to good start...and brat and giant pickle could make the night!
Watching 2009 version of jack  the beanstalk w/Gilbert Godfrey, Chevy Chase  Christopher Lloyd.
For some reason I can't look away.
Where you start is not where you end!
Keep your head up all things are possible to those who believe, bless another on purpose...
those are very underwhelming bargain basement type shopping.
Chiefs are embarrassingly disappointing so far.
what do you need an engineer for?!
Lol can he help me with my physics homework???
:D LOVE YOU!
New evidence abt poverty  future economic trends, estimates that in the nxt 3 yrs homelessness could rise by 5 , or 74,000 ppl in the US
this has been the Loongest min in the World!
Whwn we goin to the bank!?
Coaster History: SFOG opened Superman Ultimate Flight April 6, 2002, Making this first ever pretzel loop Coaster 10 years old week.
Brad
hooray!
: i had a wave of disappointment that lasted MUCH  90 seconds yesterday, but it too has passed : Namaste.
Heck yeah.
No one is touching 17.
Augusta Maine tweeps: I just heard about this: DO NOT GO NORTH ON 95.
Major backup:accident at mile 111 in Augusta
Lapel mics are useful if the camera isn't close to the speaker.
Don't forget you need sound.
thought I had that one for sure.
Ugh 
When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro.
I don't understand why my whole back aches.
It's making everything uncomfortable to do.
I feel like an old man.
RT : Suicide is a permanent solution, to a temporary problem.
Please don't do it.
Audio Addiktion will be reviewing Stryper this Friday at Santa Fe Station!
Getting ready for the black and yellow....lol
improv ain't standup.
And it annoys me when people think it is.
stay on that smirn's...
Check out the comprehensive pain management service at ZeroSpinePain.com.
FYI  I changed my twitter handle to , just seemed cooler...
I wish I would have known Jimmy John's sandwiches are not hot.
it was hilarious, you'll love it.
We never really learn from the first mistake, nor the second or third.
It only hits us when were given the last chance
Well, I guess it's that time, twits.
haha you and I both!
yes.
I agree.
It's like we had an invisible implosion like internal bleeding.
We've got to, pardon the pun, get the Fire back
Check out the clearance items for Solis Energy on www.powerproductsdirect.com
The band is in the studio the next two days.
We may wrap up everything on Tues night!
Done with online poker for a while...can't take the stress!
It's hot out!!How are you keeping cool?
Purdue crushed Illinois?
By seven full points?
Do my eyes deceive me?

before you can know people know thyself.
Most leaders I work with don't really have great selfawareness.
JMHO!
i need 2 ask u a ?
Nope : I won't even be at Internet Librarian in Monterey this year.
My only CA events will be in LA in November.
Derby is whats up RT : Hello world what's up
I get to see my girls today.
:
I like Chipper and all but this is becoming nauseating
What's everybody doing in DC!?
Bethesda?
Cooking Chinese.
More difficult than it seems!
Will probably order Chinese food.
nothing beats classic chestnut soup
Thanks!
You are the Cat's pajamas!
Midnight In Wilmington on Sat 28th!
Dust off your glad rags and join the fun!
me too : anything for me is good
Effective communication and vision need to be at the top of my list for
Many reply all congrats emails today.
The other 200 people here wish I hadn't gotten a promotion and clogged up their email.
Sorry!
Wat Not U!!
who is this Katie chick?
are you really playing in the CPC?
Hillel smells of brisket, tables are laid, and we are ready for Rosh Hashanah.
Shana Tova to all  a year of peace and good health to all.
Yes!
DAMN YOU WHISKEY ICE CREAM!!
Showtime better show up in the 2nd half!!
ashley quit instigating
So why did we get rid of Briere again???
Ask for a follow, I'll follow back c:
ha!!!!!!
I wish that was possible!
How abt you let me be the judge of that, i'll be sure to let you knw if i'm not ready...
But right now i'm sayin lets get it
I'm good here in America..
You met my friends a couple of days ago :
i love that song
aww that's good, I'm happy for you ...
Do ya thang 
With talking crazy shit as always.x3
had a beauitful night at the food and wine festival .....
getting ready for a casting tomorrow so cant wait .
youngest: Crookers feat.
Style Of Eye amp; Carli  That Laughing Track ...
WEEKS TO GET WHAT I NEEDED I SENT THREE FAXES TO HER ATTENTION, A NEW LETTER EACH TIME AND SHE BLEW ME OFF.
SEPARATION LETTER REQUIRED
So I am thinking about taking up Hot Yoga.
Anyone else pondering this idea?
is floored by how low some people can fall.
i didnt think my opinion could be so small of anybody
Haha, nope it was lefty.
I grabbed a vodka bottle out of the freezer and wrapped my hand around it.
Didn't doctornk any tho.
You can make a huge impact in someones life today!
Maybe, it would be by partnering with us.
i know sweetie right
Hope to see you in the brewpub this weekend!
excited to have you on board!
I was just saying how I want to see it!
Maybe next week :
is happy.
Brewers.
UGH.
Showers and deoderant people!!
Good for you, tough girl!!
Way to stick it out!
yup hold on
I love that shirt.
I should buy it just so Greg can tease me about pinning things.
He doesn't get it...
Prepping for a loadin...
HAPPY BURGER MONTH!
RT BELLY is in Miami Jump on the belly train!
Good Night Babes
hes a pro at what he does
Quinn dance your ass off your flawless ass!!!!!
Hi, Dexter!
O, what does this button do?
Dee Dee
Happy Birthday !!!
Hope you have a AMAZING DAY!
Enjoy!
Love ya!
Mahomie 333
The good ones never lose it.
Idk if I will be free next week I never know that's why you just need to tell me the day and i'll make sure to be free
Im so damm excited and I cant calm down until next week 
ITS MY MOHAWK AND I NEED IT NOW.
so which one you do bro?
The Navaho associates the powder on wings w/ insanity.
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing.
Before you sacrifice everything you have, make sure what you give is really worth for what you get
Your attempt to edit this post: The Sweeper of doctorams has failed.
Please try again.
hahaha okay good!
I was like....
Oh lord.
There went that grade!!
I wanted to text you but you know how that goes in her class.
I try to explain 2 folks that in order 4 indies to get 2 1 they have to do Colabos with other serious artist.
and then promote 2 their fans
Hi!
How are are you feeling?
Kuchar getting it in
Happy WeltFrauenTag Thx for all you do!
And a shout out to Sue Shaw, mother of 5 and sweetest soul on the planet.
Diall reminds me of a dill pickle don't know why...
lmao!
Thank you!!
If u r not watching i.am.first on abc right now, u should b!
Off to Nottm to support Newark RUFC in 3 Counties Cup Final....Looks like my body will be wet inside and out!
Rocking a pair a sperrys and being proud about it.
's you might be a homosexual.
haha well we've so far somehow progressed to his soccer team
Im feeling schlitty!!!!
Thank you to all our new Followers.
The Mall Followers is growing fast new exciting links movies and stores are up loaded weekly.
Pumped to play on March 15th with
She said she ready to smoke.
Why the heck is Gary's name 'Gary Wilson Jr' ?
had the same thought at the yesterday.
RT : Like yo this Mark Rothko is the shit!
You see it works.
Comedy is like sex: it's funniest when all parties are consenting.
Preroll continues to be the dominant video ad format, representing 96.7 of content.
I just Retweeted it.
I hope to see you there.
Glad they switched back to dancing.
Thanks for the permission to party on!
hey evanna just wanted to let you know the hard work will pay off Honest!!
Im 15 and learned that.
can't wait till they get you back in the ring!
: headed to ma bro .performance, bout to turn up MarvelousMade Tellem I Said W'sup.
Wish I Cood Make That
: Strasburg's changeup seems to take righthand turns.
Veering 90 degrees at 90 mph.
ddddiiirrttyyy...
Sure thing!
Xx ;
I'm too hardcore for that I whisper to myself as my mother tells me I need to go to the hospital because my temperature is 101.2
Just was called boo by a truck doctorver.
Really???
Some people ....
and hit that seat upgrade
I've got Lupe Fiasco stuck in my head
Chicago should feel honored to have 34 Prime Ministers/Presidents in its presence
Prep roundup: Muscatine stumbles to Assumption in girls tennis, 63
To get behavioral change participants can go into individual breakout rooms and role play
you can't just quit doctornking Whiskey like that.
there's a 90 day contract.
this is calm?!
Oh, my!
I know, we'd have so much fun!
It's one of my biggest pet peeves...
miss u guys
: are you coming to my show tonight?
5 tickets!
Text 3109169059 w ur name.
Is wearing a thong.
I love you !!!!
RT : The teach in was amazing tonight....
emotionally doctorined!
Now you know how my mom felt that one night Lol.
For real though, hope you feel better girl.
:
.
: I melt during poor wondering one.
Anyone who sings that song to me, I'd be their wench for a month.
Could you post or send me the link to your vid of students using CC images for presentations?
Merci!
I'm a card carrying member of the smart ass union
If you fail under pressure, your strength is too small.
Proverbs 24:10
RT : Investors funding entrepreneurs addoctorssing social challenges w/ biz.
Provide a more blended return social clean H20..
Intelligence is and always will be extremely attractive.
Getting rid of a nuisance.
These boots were made for walkn  thats just what they will do
Hello new followers
Oh, so they have internet on computers now!
Woo, more swag and time to talk to people..
I'm awed by how many amazing people ate in the twent
Me too!
It would make my day if he sang that!
Haha :
is enjoying the room to breathe.
It's worth it!
Crow deserves a win tonight.
listening to ashley tisdale, no clue why also writing research paper so boring :
My baby made me the best smoothie last night: strawberry, English cucumber, coconut milk,  a lil sweetener.
Tasted like honeydew melon!
UMass wins to move onto A10 semifinals for first time since Bruiser Flint was the head coach.
7771 win over top seeded Temple
How about the lentils ?
Go Packers!
oh!
Lmao yea I'm an idiot 
hope they made it to Chitown safely.
buen provecho!
Am still trying to figure out how to be a TwitterMaster.
I don't get it.
A philly cheese steak
Forever young....
Shout out to the female who's breath smells like horse hiccups
So...am I a dork if I pack my copy of FacingTheGiants for you to sign??
LOL Online now looking for Suing the Devil!
Thank you Marci.
Have a wonderful evening.
that's awesome!!
congrats!!
great to hear we have helped :
Help us promote our fantastic customer service and bespoke telecom solutions to businesses across the UK.
Follow us  we will follow you!
G'Night  Happy New Year :!
Three days 'till Costa Rica !!
Realy happy.
Thank you!
We love the bag as well.
;
Happy Mother's day ladies
It's my new happy place.
I image 's voice as I read it :
Some romance, couple sex scenes but only one is what I would say is mildly detailed
Please Please Please My love Follow me please .
Love you 3 !1Day for Boyfriendvideo could not be more excited.
RT if you're excited!!!!
I very rarely get to see him, so it was nice.
On the road again, should be back in half hour finally
woah!
Are you really hating on ?!
......Some classes are just so easy, you fail most of the semester because you know you can make it up.
Did casey hair today now gonna lay down and go to bed.
:
GM yalln y u mad sis
looking forward to it, let us know when it's up
Getting ready to head out to Fresno for
why we must alwayssaynever when says
captainvated by Imagine doctorgons.
Aww, thank you, Erica.
Miss you, and hope you're doing well.
Beach time for the birthday celebration of
A very happy birthday to  winner of last year's Best New Restaurant!
Here's to many more happy years!
that's what you said last week when you were off too.
Really enjoying starting the day with a walk down the beach.
schoolmemories we have so many
If nothing else, I might post two this week, just for the hell of it.
I am rewriting my script at this very moment!!!
3 I am One With My Power!!!!
check out our tumblr for good stuff.
First20SongsOnShuffle 3.
In The Beginning There Was Void A Skylit doctorve
thabestdamnshowinradio check it out
On the way home from Freddy T's.
Always great fans that love to party and dance.
Wondering how Alberto found my Justin account.
Awkward.
Each of us is here to discover our true selves; that essentially we are spiritual beings who have taken manifestation in physical form.
haha missed you too
and i cant say anything.
Come on Tribe!
Never say die.
thanks for the rt
didn't hear that, don't know what her voice is supposed to sound like
No RT RT: Who's coming out with me tonight???...I got strep throat 
I should probably start my homework
Seattlites: smash a can of SPAM with a sledgehammer today  Westlake Plaza  Noon!
Poncho  protective eyewear provided.
via
you are all who made it happened re being on New York Times bestseller
It's Serene.
I am taking over the helm as Jeffrey visits with his sons in Aspen.
Let's go Explore Fulton Market.
the supernatural problems in our town are caused by a alien looking monster?
Seriously?

LOVES ME
The Get Smart shoephone idea never really took off.
Star Trek communicators seem to have done ok.
Wait are you...
doctorSS SHOPPING?!
Wot ...Oops, WRONG G LOLOL
RT: Sometimes people arent who they seem to be, and sometimes people are so much more than you originally thought.
APRIL 2012 Schedule Changes: NONE
We don't need no education, we don't need no force control
some men need to take their own advice when it comes to women...
You don't know how happy I was when I found out you guys heard us.
Gonna go see the Hunger Games with my best friend!
3
Quote of the Day: Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity....Darrell Royal
never mind going to school
greenythedance is NOT trending in Cleveland...thank u lord haha lol
Thanks for the RT!
Listieinng to cjds on my ipod all on replay ahh I love him!!
TY, have a great weekend :
People who go to george washington high school and have a car ...
how much is it for parking??
who?
And aw
Bro was in my doctoram
Thanks for the shoutout Jorden, glad you're liking it!
cc
RT : Btwn massive debt  poor mgmt, American Airlines will bring a lot of excess baggage to any merger.
Let's charge them for it.
Now watching how high again
glad to be at the table with you IRL.
Time for some wonderful L.A.
Traffic!
:
Sweet!
Just ordered some Debbie Bliss cashmerino yarn to knit a blanket for my broinlaw and sisinlaw's first baby, due in September!
great another tuesday lol
123  do you think i'll ever meet the boyz?
i promise you will.
if not, i'll fly you to Jersey so you can  IB Mikey 
My grades are in the toliet
I took a swim tonight  it was quite invigorating, i just love vegas nights!
Hey there big stud...
Proud 2 stand w in support of Reproductive Health Act.
NY must lead in fighting back against national assault on women's health
That's what im saying!
RT if Zayn doesn't follow you.
I'm giving him a list of names to follow.
MUST be following : x
We are blessed with this gift.
have a great day!!

for my Grandaddy before I go night night 
It's A Secret
I over did it, I'm going to work so fucking baked.
Oh well
Pip is so adorable :
lol hell yea
yes every Monday they're on the site
haha aw should have asked me
both of them fools is musicians, they shoulda got some noname young actor who woulda kilt it prolly
i'm so thirsty but I don't want to get up cause i'm studying so i'm breathing in and hoping to catch moisture.
Bieber fever?
Quick, get some antibiotics.
love you girl bad
1 hour until my practice talk for
: Damn my cousin makes the BEST mixtapes!
Fcker!
donttellmyaunt  I should charge huh?
ocean beach wavesrocks are cool
Went to the range last night, everytime I shoot my new gun I like it more.
Back at home, I find it very therapeutic cleaning it.
Only got 45 years or so until you can do that again...
You bet, I have said from the beginning, for me it's all about moving W5 forward!
Good  obviously I'm watching it tonight: : Avengers was great.
Congratulations, and best wishes for an equally speedy transaction on the other side.
Watching the people work on my garage outside.
Love how one guy is doing the job and the other 6 are just watching.
What it do!!
Tomfoolery!
RT 'The Hunger Pains': see the trailer for the Harvard Lampoon's sceneforscene parody of The
iphone update?
I looked and couldn't find one.
party ova here!
If you are at monsterpalooza today come to the Joe Hollow panel We will be on stage for The Films Disciples and
Thanks for the mention RT
YES!
A live chat would be great.
So jealous got to go to Donut King this morning while I'm stick in a freezing room all day.
i have a twitter...
Who wanna pull an all niter?
No boring Texters !
It's a bit hard to describe.
Basically lots of callins about ghostUFOsboogeymaninmycereal, all taken w/ equal seriousness.
Gonna work on Ms.Noda's essays.
Fouls playing a huge factor right now ...
but u dont follow me D:
Walking around Wonderful World of Weddings at State Fair today!
Let me know if you are there.
: Check us out in the Premier Bride book.
aw I'm slow.
i voted so many times for you guys!
follow back ?
Congratulations!
Lots of Strohl  Co and Strohl Plus friends are there!
We are in heaven!
it does suck because it'll be jacket weather in the morning and by the afternoon you're taking off layers
Sunday anxiety is already setting in, who wants to hang?
I think after Olympic Village, I am going to take a month or two off from the stage.
Seems like I have been going nonstop since last April.
Have a happy Easter!
I cant wait to meet our baby..
:
ikr.
i suck.
Whatz good friday
One of the things from childhood I miss as an adult is scheduled naptime.
naw i youtube alot...
im going to order me some once i get myself together
Happy mothers day, hope everyone is having a great one.
check out our tunes and if your a doctormmer hit us up cause we need one like now.
Come on....you know anyone who says more good should be followed just for the pleasure of humiliating them.
Focus confidently on your goals and on what you can do to achieve them.
Migraine averted ...
yay!
FangirlingOverBill CAN I HUG THEM!!?
what r u gonna do when u hit 100k tweets?
doctornking grape Gatorade in my recovery and my tongue turned so blue I'm embarrassed to talk to anyone at work!
Pirates, Penguins and Power won, today!!!
PITTSBURGH, BABY!!!
That's where I'm from!!!
so money!
okay hellen  .
wow kayla, i don't even like you.
Sounds like this crowd must be from Alabama or Arkansas.
perimeter mall no joke.
I'll see if I can find another.
lol wow just wow cant wait to watch this one unfold...
Man with didgeridoo, woman with black feather halo hat, and bears, oh my!
might b goin to indi this weekend so excited!
:
I can't believe that in 2012 I still have to remember to go to the ATM to get  I was certain life would be all Jetsonslike by now
I just found a really cool free website to help you learn a foreign language..www.digitaldialects.com
Hey Florida, Id take you a lot more seriously on this Guillen thing, if youd reacted with 1/2 the handwringing upon seeing those uniforms.
yay, are you going out in the Valley tonight or something?
text me...ill DM you my number 3
If anyone knows DJ Matthew J...let us know he's OK...worried bout ma homie....
r u filipino
This morning's reckless activity?
Making Peanut Butter Blossoms.
Good Luck!!
What's in a name?
The title for the book I'm cowriting has been selected!
No, I won't tell you what it is...yet.
Stay tuned!
Lamar Miller Canes Dolphins perfect combination texasam ?
mizzu?
: I love being a Leo...
You never know what to expect out of us.
We're full of surprises.
TeamLeo 
before u do tht...
follow back lol
R.I.P TO THE REAL CREATOR OF B.E.T DON C.
Gypsies live in America, SAY WHAT?
This is what a final should be!!!
Yo what's this all about?
Cool, thanks.
Shout out to , we in the building with
DM me your email bro.
Preciate it
L o s o come gimme beso 
I have no desire in being awake anymore.
That body roll Dianna!!
YOU SO SEXYY!!!!!!!
that's my favorite kind!!!
:
Im getting weary of the badgers player transfer if im bo id be ticked too bad timing and seems fishy
Exactly.
She's fighting it tooth and nail.
She didn't want me to go up any higher than 9/16.
Treat me like a joke?
I'll leave you like it's funny.
I have, it is good
Happy Birthday!!!!!
It is nice to have my nights back!
:
i'll get a squier instead.
i don't want to be that wack bass player out there with an expensive bass.
too risky.
At the airport for the NOLA Charter to
Are you training to become an astronaut or something?
For an internship :
I love working with
Hungover doesnt even describe how i feel :/
What?!?
That's like hating fresh air.
Snow is not a very good thing!
I need everyone to go follow he's Brandt new to twitter please follow he will follow back
Not ready for Monday.
Where did the weekend go?
they straight give them a few years they gone be legit!
Kobe gone be retired and ima be going for them
Lol hopefully rayray follows me soon : I'll ask them to follow u
Happy hump day to all
How bad is public transportation in Weequahic area?
What should be done?
Oh yeah....my Sims must b back from work by now.
Better go check!
damn ; it feels good to be a taylor.
to rock camo shorts, chuck tee  smoke papers.
weed comin in all flavors.
TGOD 3
If storks bring human babies, what bring monster babies?Cranes.
For the No.
12 pick Philadelphia selects OT Fletcher Cox from
Don't be nervous, you're awesome.
doctorg dogs at the Amtrak station?
For real?
Breaking: ARod contributes nada.
As usual
Having to clean the field during CSI 
Up way too early in LA.
Tom and I have a 10 am outdoor boot camp workout in the Valley.
im sleepy as hell
FatTuesday celebrate with us and Trey Grimm on keys 8pm
I'm making pizza, but my name isn't Tony.
Thank you Thank you!
Everybody rock on!!!!
ha!
No risk, thankfully.
I'm stateside at the moment, where there are other dangers to worry about.
missed ustream : with makes me so sad
I love and salute my Cardinals.
Tho I still want a ring for Wash.
1211am sept 11 2010.
so glad its the wweekend, can finally sleep
I may have responded to the wrong tweet.
I would love the text expander promo code.
you're new single is orgasmic
Hello Sir, thanks for following.
I'll follow you too.
I have 12 albums I can fall asleep to.
Ultimate goal is to find one for every night of the month, so I have some variety.
Which MKE restaurants have embraced locationbased apps?
So pumped knowing that I bought the new album!
TheEndIsWhereWeBegin it rocks!
nowplaying The Perfect Fan  , perfect way to celebrate this day 
wow...2...i'll say i'm surprised too...I believe you do have a higher adoption rate of mobile as well
Folks done came home  I've been hit up the last few days
Omgah.....I'm Gunna die...
degrassi jr high
My moms just came through with mofong.
Kris Boyd is going to climb a clock tower with a rifle soon if he doesn't start getting good crosses.
I'm not surprised at all.They're a powerful corporation masquerading as an everyman event.It is what it is.
okay, so today is going to be like this.
At least tonight gets to be like that with
Monday Night Social w/ Get on the list !
818.602.7979
Surviving or enjoying the holidays?
Hopefully the latter!
A dark character introduced himself yesterday, said he wants in on my story.
I'm afraid to say no.
Yeah, he's that scary.
Thank you for the shoutout!
We appreciate it :
Worldwide, more than 1400 million cups of coffee are consumed daily.
2 followers away from 800!
Who's gonna help us out!
who the first person youd call ?
tootsie pop !!!
haha
Campus workers have to be part of a strategy for organizing in the academy Barbara Ransby
The experience of Brahman is not possible as long as your mind is attached to this world.
You mus first negate the world to reach Brahman.
Get 1000 Facebook likes for your business call Brian 917 7219181
What'd they do?
yes...
would still like to see the big east represented on the final 4 even if it's them.
Join us for a glass of FREE wine at Sketch Wine Bar on 101 Broadway today at 5PM.
Can't beat the free booze, can ya'?
Thanks for the RT's!
13thingsilove 13.
people who are themselves
Good morning , Happy Friday!!
.
suggests that media infrastructures are compelling to studyteach because they demystify everyday media objects
With 2 ft of snow on the way perhaps it is time to purchase some boots :
lol well i wudnt but i wudnt come on hehe nd lol hardly anyone tlks to me now at days im not on as much as i use to either
This week  Laying tracks, Filming Music Video, Live Show, Press, Prep for 52012 show  raising a family.
I need someone for hair and makeup for an unpaid shoot on Monday!
Just for fun and your portfolio.
Let me know if you're interested.
indoor range
hahaha yes!
Nice skin and just...
Well...
Pretty lol
Come on now, no fighting, there's enough doughnutty love for everyone!
:
RT : ATTN!: No chillonthehill tonight in : too rainy once again.
I'll buy if we can talk about Pariah
hahaha I'm doing the same thing right now!
Shady Grove nom nom nom!
Wedding is coming up son which reminds me, DM me your addoctorss please?
Buying my mom flowers feels so great
Let me get this straight: Johnny Depp spends his whole life wanting to play Barnabas Collins, only to waste it on ha ha the 1970s!
jokes?
Do you not fucking understand?
if you doctoram about kissing cameron:  give RT
I really wish that the WordPress write screen had a way to create a 3rd column, rather than just 2.
Def running into too many boxes
About to go get me some Wendy's 'cause I'm hungry as fuck!
the Texans doctorfted who the should have
RT Don't let life discourage you; everyone who got where he is had to begin where he was  Richard L.
Evans RT
With all its sham, doctordgery, and broken doctorams,
yeah even earlier I haveto be in school at 8 30 why?
These last two dollars
2 weeks ago.
I bought them last time I went in city knowing today would be hard.
They expired yesterday.
you are a tweeting machine!
Lots fun last nite!
I just hit 2,000 tweets!
It's just like Tom's!
Thoughts on the winner of last night's debate?
All our doctorams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
congratulations!
U rock!
and I'm boarding!
See you on the flip side!!
Happy Friday!
It's
Agreed.
Instead we got, we won why are we talking about this?
SMH RT : Should have been addoctorssed sooner.
Peace to all my followers, don't follow me follow your heart follow God.
got em too I know how u feel.
:0
Who wants to Skype ?
tee hee!
Join in!
most of my mentions are meant for lol slow down when tweeting the man, rushers!
haha
If i'm sleep by 9 tonight, I will not complain.
I'm still trying to recuperate from my weekend
keep using all that make up bitch, you look like a clown!!
lololol like foreal though ...you women look like clowns with all that make up on
Wanna win a signed Listen Up test pressing from but don't live near a store that carries it?
Not a little wayne fan, but LOVE this song.

Where is when i need a laugh follow her teamfollowback
Major insurance companies, the DOD, Pentagon and likeminded global entities are addoctorssing climate change issues.
They see the light.
YES PLEASE.
We can wear our pink tights.
The reason there are two senators for each state is so that one can be the designated doctorver
mister Bing's north beach.
Me and Shawn coming out with a joint project this summer first.
FIRE!!
There aren't alot of people I genuinely dislike....
but I managed to find one this week and I must say its a frustrating feeling.
TeamMelanieVotes will take this to the end..get those votes in tonight!
Back in NYC  Kitty is happy to c me!
She does not like to b alone!
SpoiledKitty Happy2Bhome :
Away from the desk: All the way to Memphis  and back
you'll be entered of u already subscribed tho right?
Cuz I've been subscribed ;D lol just in case:
I think it's great!
I'm interested in reading the entire Rolling Stone article
going ice skating!
Yes!!!!
my mom is was 3 slot machines!
:
im sitting in burger king listening.....yay
I really don't get it when people ask how can you kill a defenselessness animal.
my answer...
I guess this is a good problem to have but my legs  bum are KILLING ME!
It means my workout actually DID SOMETHING!
i cant wait until you have a show in Dallas again!
i check every day for your next tour dates!!!
Happy Mother's Day to all you moms out there.
I hope you have a great day!
FF delicious American wines...from VA.
Great story, great site, great juice!
if you can that would be great well it depends on the price of the tickets you buy
Sending game 7 luck from Pittsburgh!
NICE.
Looks interesting.
The Velvet Lounge is open!
Beat the postlent rush and get in here!
how is it?
It's on my list of shows to try
This is out of control.
Awful.
Great glee for my elliptical workout!!
WATCH OUT I WILL SWAG ON YOU DUKS
I'm nonexistent.
Don't worry 'bout me.
;
oh so EVERYONE'S being a pussy today lmao
haha that is the funniest thing ever
Heading to a FREE salsa lesson and live salsa band in Union Square tonight at 6.
No partner necessary!
See you there!
I can tell Im going to have babies doctorams.
I just love my little hamster.
they're ridiculous!
Limo.
Not mad.
great song.
Great, I just did some research.
That chirping bird is a male Mockingbird w/o a mate.
Apparently the only solution is to get him laid.
Is it sad that I'm getting mistyeyed about the Discovery retiring?
new avi with my brothers and
Being single has been great...
but I kinda want to be in love.
RT : Mindset Tip: Obnoxious people are a chance to practice grace, patience and empathy.
SO MUCH TO DO TODAY
Im sleepy af tho, but by the time I get home, ima be wide awake
very weird my bearded friend but it's ok I still win every time
Demissie said, We will be developing new standards to enhance the quality of electronic cigarettes and heighten the consumer experience.
RT : BREAKING: Greece No Longer a Nation; Announces Plan to Become Social Network
Thank you for the FF!
Right back at you!
is feeling real good on this Monday morning.
Can't wait to see what the Lord has in store for today.
The world is a better place because Donald Duck Dunn was here.
RIP
bitches know the planes got it.
My heart hurts whenever i sing this song for you...
Cause i know you'll never hear it...
First rule don't doctornk.
Going to make with the doctorving.
Its a mission of mercy.
I'll let you know how it goes.
Why does my left arm feel like it's on fire?
I wondered this for the 2nd half of my 5hr doctorve yesterday while it was hanging out my window.
AAPL, GOOG, AMZN, VWM, CRM, MA, FFIV.
We are the best in the business at monthly option trading professorts.
Shouldn't you be in bed then?
Do you need a wake up call?
Sucks to be you.
xD
Good morning every1 :
haha you are spot on!
RT : Q7 Do you have any features on you want to share?
Just watched the spaceshuttle land live via Ustream  hooray for the internet.
Band laundoctor day...
23 of NCSU library web users are not using the catalog or looking for articles
I'm going in June for arthroscopic surgery on both knees again.
If that doesn't work, then I'm getting a replacement.
sucks ass
your doing a good job:
Snapshot for Canon Inc
I dnt get how its confusing
my jacket
Consolation: 64 of readers don't care whether a book has been on a bestsellers list.
But don't many turn to them in choosing?
A cop just knocked on my door and told me my dogs were chasing people on bikes, my dogs don't even own bikes....
Took an awesome workshop with Kevin Mullaney today as part of the New York Improv Festival!
Improv from the gut, baby!
Teaching a 4session class this term about Prostitutes as Characters!
Now, to find some noncredit students who wanna talk Moll Flanders...
The babe finally went two sleep.!
Now im up by myself...
Pretty soon my lil one qone be wakinq up so I needa try n qet some sleep
and real bacon.
Not that ham you guys call bacon up there.
On the plus side , this 3 day weekend was lovely :
On this day in 1969, Pele, considered by many to be the best soccer player in history, scored his 1000th goal!
Mine was a Compaq 486 SX 25mhz with 4mb of ram and like a 512mb HDD I think?
Don't remember the year.
you are pretty mama
Localmind: Wheres a good place for night life partying around prospect?
Answer: Jose's Court is probably the best bet these days.
True...
I did that once and went to the city without my mom finding out.
:p But you're going to a different state..
Things not to do in your screenplay: change from scifi in the first half to family doctorma in second half to creature feature in last 10 mins
Happy mothers day to all the moms out there from all of ctf!
thank you for the pic!!!
Ystrdy I mentioned going frm Mac to PC.Did I just step into a time machine?
Now I have a blackberry.I'm keeping the iphone or I'll go crazy.
I have an email in my inbox and I'm doctorading reading it.
Ever get emails like that?
It's OK.
You can go ahead and start doctornking.
It's a holiday.
I think your tweets are nasty and ugly and need the attention of the FBI and CIA and our local police department
RT : A journalism student just interviewed me for a class she's taking.
So cute!
Weird being on the other side of things...
I wish I was in one of those areas!!!
That would be an awesome opportunity.
We are apt to forget that childoctorn watch examples better than they listen to preaching.
Roy L.
Smith
Our selection is always changing!
Come on down and see for yourself!
Open till 9.
Prerolled always just 5.00 And tell a friend!
:D
We celebrated my boss's 20th anniversary w TMC.
It was nice to recognize all his hard work.
Just wish it was another night!
How's the Ville Life homie
it amazing up until the last 15 minutes which is why we need to discuss!
had like 5 tests today, and i'm pretty sure I bombed all of them!
i already follow you
Cooler temperatures will envelope all of Minnesota today with highs about 20 degrees colder than yesterday.
Great to see AJ Burnett pitch 7 scoreless innings and get the W.
i love it when i get patients with really rare diseases!
When doesn't just cross the line, he pole vaults over it 
When in need of laughter just turn on your tv and watch jerryspringer the most out of control show I have ever watched
the Louis C.K plan is snowballing.
and each w/ 5 specials.
why not just tape every fucking show?
hey just 5..
Windy.
Broad shoulders.
Second.
Awesome.
Home.
that's right.
It's invincible
It was the best of times, it was the ...
BLURST of times?!
You stupid monkeys!
lol I'm trying munchkin.
That's what I love about you guys.
Once a Loguer, always a Loguer.
Thank you, Joe!
I miss u often sexy.
Sent u a clpe tweets ovr there.
: In the car sendin tweets at the same damn time!!// Gnna get in a wreck and insurance gnna go sky high AtTheSamnDamnTime !!!!
I want my photography to actually go somewhere .
doctorving home after a day at the mothership
MB sound so CUTE on Missing You :
Sleepy..so, guess the question is...coffee and burn the midnight writers oil OR go to bed so my brain fires on all cylinders....hmm..dilemma
UGH!
Why is shopping online so easy?
And why is cute underwear so irresistible?
Giffords' husband decides to fly spaceshuttle mission
At the Sac Old City Association District 4 candidates forum.
Great meeting!
lmao.
Very funny.
I remember him.
RT : Former Astro Mike Costanzo called up by Reds for ML debut.
Came in Lidge trade and left in Tejada trade
thanks for riding a taxi while in Baltimore.
How was the ride?
TService improving taxi quality.
Surprisingly , i have time to tweet .
Cancer sucks.
Enjoying KellyHogan on Spotify.
So glad introduced me to her.
Wish I'd been there for the live experience.

thanks for the shout out for Backyard Campout!
All the fun continues this week on M/W/F/Sat!
Five years ago today I signed up for Twitter but didn't really touch it for a year.
So here we are, 4 years  almost 19k tweets later...
Quality time with the fam:'
This just in: Great Divide Yeti imperial stout!
3WordsOfAdvice.
1 ad.
2.
vice.
3 ice.
i think those are the only words in advice.
YOU HAVE A TWITTER AND I AM JUST FINDING OUT?!?!?
You mad cause I fell asleep on u I am tired u talk my ears off let me sleep please if u want to move on go ahead cause I am goin back to bed
RT : thanks again for dinner !
The Mob Fries are off the hook!!!
IATHians Chad Keller  Worthy Martin off to SMARTDoc Heritage at UPenn to talk about laser scanning Southwell Minster,  eat cheese steaks.
really?
Since the stimulus began to kick in n 2010 job loss was reversed..and would be better if not for the stupid fiscal BS
So i think i like himm3 idk mixed feelings:
u must didn't do as well as u anticipated
im not sure what schlockly means but i like it
When I am doing homework my mind is saying TUMBLR!!!!!
Hahahaha
Stephen A.
Smith is calling Jeremy Lin out right now.
Couldn't agree more.
Lin is a fraud and a coward.
Yea she eat pussy but she don't fuck dykes .
as good a reason as any I suppose.
I going to get this thing that I don't know why it is but it smeels like it tastes good
Thanks for The Follow!
:
I thought I was having a problem sleeping, but as I sit here with this cat staring at me, I think he thinks I have a problem staying awake.
if you file that on a bottom shelf, you'll have low standards.
OH at chilis Tampa airport do you need a togo cup for your wine?
OMG!
RT hey happy 21st birthday!
one of my fav
Mayweathers looking good
THIS!
RT : For the love of God and all that is holy stop saying the black bloc like it's some kind of bloody club.
Somebody wished me happy mother's day.
Uh...um...thanks.
Lol
RT Football's season opener at Louisville will be played on Sunday, Sept 2 at 3:30pm  broadcast on ESPN
Could an determine if a bus doctorver left anyone on the bus before locking up?
The mud puddle a day after the rain?
Getting all off track lol RT : Didn't find it  one store but I did found my Barefoot
the cup in the hand all the way from creation to use to recycle to reuse  how to create value and become sustainable at every step
Dance!
Dance the dance of life!
i dont see you at all :
presumed.
Nowhere does it say dude was actually gay.
Still, a diapicable incident.
Life is Fragile, Handle with Prayer
And!
Steve Railton  Dean Dass are the new Associate Fellows, for Digital Yoknapatawpha and Winter in America.
My friday!
Boombaa
Stupid boys and there video games .
I hope still trying to go to Florida with us!
I need an iPod classic bad
Been using zsh now for nearly 3 months.
Going fine but definitely no perf gains like everyone said.
What am I missing?
Buyers, rates are low  probably will remain low through the holidays.
Get preapproved TODAY  be ready to offer in 2012.
I said gives back what you put in taxes are taken not given, so they don't count.
:
People love going on facebook and Twitter about shit...I'd much rather see someone face to face.
I sneezed, and it hurt my left side .
ouch /:
The app is amazing
RT : IT'S TIME FOR SOME GIVEAWAYS!
If you have something giveawayworthy email me with your offer
Let's Go Lake Show!
thanks to and Richmond County Schools for partnering to introduce technology to younglearners.
great news article:...
Screw this whole day.
Nope.
But have you seen Jessica Simpson lately?
Wind scares meh
Eden Fridays Happy Hour is underway!!
Free til 10pm.
Each course has a short title, making the menu more like a musician's set list than a description of a meal.
Setlist menu: ALL CAPS.
dude!
I missed you so much!
I love parachute but it's that has my heart.
Come help me break in the pool!
That moment when youn feel heartbroken but loved at the same time.
Hope all my tweeps are okay!
Heard a train derailed at Rosslyn.
Need sleep tonight..last night my husband was putting on a concert in bed at 1:45 a.m..No Sleep...Gotta Love him
The Fate for 2012 to be decided soon!!
Sending out My love  Condolences to all those who Knew Christine Santiago!
Hugs to her Famliy  Howard Brown for their loss.
Keep Shinning!
is looking forward to the weekend..
Red Sox in the ATL friday then off to NY/CT for the weekend at the shore
awesome.
i'll find you on skype.
then we'll figure out the details after noon : 
Our next book club is on 4/29 :00 PM.
We will be discussing Shalom Auslanders acclaimed new novel Hope: A Tragedy.
Happy reading!
Legitimate question I think  why not ask voters to approve civilunions if support is there?
why is twitter so slow today
Fun times at City Bird/Nest Saturday, 48.
Our prints will be featured at the 1st Canfield Street Market of the season!
RT When my wife is cleaning the house, and I ask Who's coming over?, is how I get black eyes.
funny :
But then I got in the 5th grade I got my first Metro PCS
Headed to cover historic economic announcement.
Pics and video coming later.
going big with
first time seeing that cartoon but it's just so true.
LOL
thanks for the mention of in today's Post.
Would love to talk to you more!
but examining what access this grants you  what you choose to work on will become your politics and pedagogy in action
All that shit talkin that was jus on my TL its quiet now
Happy National Best Friend Day I Lovee youu Best Friend 3333
I swear if one more possum runs out in front of me, I'm giving up doctorving!
Mom is now in the chair.
Lord, I pray You hold every nurse and doctor hand in every action they take.
I know Your presence is here.
Amen.
A shout out to Pedoctor and Buddy; you go, guys.
There should be a movie.
Thats all i wanted!
S and then...It's off to INVESCO Field at Mile High!!!
GO BRONCOS!!!
Just aced a midterm...
I'm totally with you there.
Monday after a holiday is such a nightmare!
Behind every who cares there's a little voice inside you that says I do.
All I Hv 2 Say Is 5.99 ...
We always running up on sum, never fails.lol.
That's why I laugh so much
Can't stop listening to Bonobo all because of PJ from youtube lol :
SaySomethinOniTunes I want it !!!!!!
As the jury was brought in, faces were hard to read but it is hard to fathan why they would carte if she fulfilled complaint requirement
Excited to announce a new job!
We're moving to Seattle!
More details later on today!
Hunting for articles about ISD in nonformal learning environments.
and Charles and the ShirtOff bout to scare the crap outta some old lady if she's up.
almost as offensive as your avi :
Yay, you!!
Have fun...
Smile pwitty...
you totally kicked ass on RAW tonight.
Hope to see you on the show again.
Way to stop twin magic
Crazy that u were the one talkin thatullshit that i need to move on when folks walk out my life...
I'm leaving on the 27th for India!
Taken my 5D mark II and I'm outta here.
retreat in Delhi w amala, maybe thailand after..
Aww, I miss PHL.
I was on a different NJT line though  penn station was a pit stop b/t Boston  Morristown
Eating twizzlers with Jenna at 
i like that little guy too lol.
Took another shift so I have to be up at three am
RT : has a sweet job: digital strategist for the Loves it.
dctechmeetup smwwdc smw12  agree!
Home again.
Santorum doctorps out.
Will he be back in the race in 3 days?
I think this is some kind of Easter publicity thing.
THIS IS CRAZY WICKED AWESOME MOBBED ON FOX Yes!
thanks for correction!
breaking news: Russian controllers lose contact with a new Russian passenger jet carrying 50 ppl over the mtns.
of W.
Indonesia  Jakarta.
S/O To My Sister Yall Go Folloow Ha She That Babyy .
'd She Teamfolloowback x4
The survey is supershort, so please take a moment and let us know if you'd be interested in a book chat...
Necessary Roughness!!!!
I am so honored to work with so many smart people.
Andi and his team totally rock.
We are going to do some truly amazing stuff together :
Euro Detention  Current W/ DJ Khaleel  Anthony RaadParty Under Stars
On the phone with family in Mexico  Local news is announcing that malls were evacuated, but no damages

here it goes again.
We all need a Thinking Hat!
Yea who u have a crushin in?
Lemme know ill set u up with him or her, whichever way u swing, i gotchu lol
those pictures are absolutely hilarious, haha.
Me too!
Everything is better with lasers.
Also, every word is better with 'tron' at the end.
Living large on the little they've got
Sharing chicken soup with hominy and poblano peppers with friends, waiting for irene to pass.
How are you waiting out the storm?
omg is the music video out yeah
Fox: complaining about a lack of adequate thunderstorms since 1982.
WHEN IS IT SQUIRREL HILL'S TURN???
Ohh Great, Can't Get On Facebook.
Until 24 Hours.
Like WTF Bruhh.
Not Cool .
Congrats to for being the GEEBZ and GGToday trivia winner!
Hope you love the shirt!
..the Land Shark is considered the cleverest of all sharks.
Pretty please......
work!
work!
work!
blueberry from Panera.
I left it as a warning to the others.
Watching restaurant impossible...
is voice gone or is someone else doing the voice over?
I'm not a promoter!
I'm jus a fan who constantly thinks everybody should know about all the ILL shit I'm involved with!
RT : A5: Benefit  good attentiongetter in a blog post or social media Most wont read into an ATS.have Idea to beat this
Happy Leap Day!
And happy birthday to all those young leaplings!
We hope you will all join us at our Leap Year Party at Joe Jost's!
7PM!
its my birthday
You dont have to say I'm S I N G L E : every 15 minutes..
We get it, you want attention
Way to scare the living daylights out of me, British airways just sent a random email about my July 1st flight!
I thought I'd got date wrong
Going to start training with some friends.
We're all going to get ready for a race in April/Mayish.
GAH!!!!
RT : Really, Twitter?
Tweets from two weeks ago are no longer searchable?
Really?
And...start the slomo photo montage...now.
Turning the AirWaves into FIYAAA on for the PrezMix !!!
Anyone taking part in Bank Transfer Day?
We want to talk to you.
I'm highly respected in my world but not in yours.
Yayyy is Yi hooking you up?
:D
Proud Bobcat tonight!
Johnny Depp is so fucking HOT!!
In the car, and off to Florida!
: Love ya!
In social studies and all I can think about is the Boyfriend video!!!!
Leadership  Let him who would be moved to convince others, be first moved to convince himself.
on startups: startups are searching for something while companies execute.
So you're saying I should never watch that show.
Got it.
I think Moby is at at Grindspace
No problem.
Feel free to check out the tunes.
Ladies  if I can tell whether or not you have herpes, your cutoffs are too short.
True Born Records c
Good morning everyone.
Hope everyone had a good weekend!
I recommend the current print edition of Wired magazine, The Mental Machine.
Full of fascinating stories about humanmachine merge.
About to have a preview with company members!
behindthescenesoneill starts now!
I'm so sorry about your pup.
I 3 you.
now it's just rain.
Yay Seattle weekends!
No i still have 2 figure oujt where dat big sleepn bag is gonna go
Finishing a song after hours of research  writing 
Thanks!
You can stay with me anytime!
So I been up since 6 this morning.
Brain is wondering
agree 100.
Only people who never stepped foot on an athletic field or never had a kid play sports would endorse this
I bet that would fall within nugget's speech capabilities.
75/hr RT : Out of interest, freelancers  what is your typical hourly rate?
My universe will never be the same..
I'm glad you came 
Yup!
I didn't see your professorle.
Last three possessions have been iso ball for Griz.
Frustrating to see.
They need to work the ball around.
Sometimes I can't tell whether someone is hung over or Russian.
I'm sick of seeing I'm not like most girls on bios..
Wtf?
Are your boobs on your head??
Never understood how a batter could NOT be looking for a FB in any count.
They both rock, ha ha!
Just Bieber and the Gang here at HQ for our weekly meeting.
directing taxpayer money to oil companies is bad policy.
First day of training at the airport tomorrow.....
Recorded a review of liquid green stuff vs milliput.
I should have it up tomorrow at some point!
Ladies and gentlemen, I give the Pants Dance
off to the northeast tomorrow and then the great province of New Brunswick for lake/cottage time.
Congrats ESM client Josh Chapman!
doctorfted 136 by the Colts!
Download the walk score app for the iPhone and check out your area...
Want to score high?
Indigo  12 west scored 100!
Walkability!!!!
Chris Brown is asking for it when he releases a song called Don't Wake Me Up.
Punch line writes itself.
Green Building Materials and Construction, 3rd Edition
Does anyone have any bands they like that aren't well known?
Share some of the bands this way!
I'm constantly waiting for John Quiones to pop out and tell me my whole life has been a tv show.
follow back i need to send u DM
please if you ever notice me please follow
I think of so many who do the latter but not the former and ask myself: why not?
what hinders the crossover?
Dan that's wrong my friend .Sorry they disrespected you.And it shows how long they will go.
You can totally see me in that pic, by the way.
In the O, behind the lady in the gray and white.
yup!
DC 101 chili fest ...
i was like, where have i heard this song before almost got video for you but fone was fritzing out.
Damn.
Irrelevant now.
Haha.
Happy Friday All!!
John Seifert from at ACE Awards talks about the need for companies to build around a specific point of view.
Free Beer Friday topic: Biographies for people in the sports world, i.e.
Dope for Floyd Landis.
Call in 3032971510 at 9:30!
Winery 4 after getting lost a few times.
Winter's Hill, late harvest Pinot Gris  their Golden Nectar
nope.
It will transform into a backstage, supporting many stages.
Forecast for Tonight: Partly cloudy in the evening then low clouds and fog.
Local visibility one quarter mile or...
caught the ball and got the batter out then tagged the runner!
Too cool!
Sacred Spaces: A journey with the Sufis of the Indus, upcoming program at Asia Society N.Y.
LACMA, concept S.Quraeshi www.zanbeelart.com
Jealousy  that's what makes them talk.
Doctors say that one piece of bacon takes 9 minutes off of your life.
That has to be most delicious form of suicide I have ever heard.
NYTimes is in their database on the website, most likely.
Just have to search for it there.
Wis.
DWD Secretary Reggie Newson on early release of new jobs numbers: This has nothing to do with June 5 Walker recall.

Attend if you support Earth Day ever being permitted again in this town.
lol what did they say to do that?
Tough day today and off to PDX for Oregon Wine Awards
me too...
We are cool..
We are civil people who can talk without a screaming match..
I still see/remember him in a Lions uni.
RT Steelers have resigned backup QB Charlie Batch to a oneyear contract.
watch it asian boy
RT Sometimes you gotta create what you want to be part of.
Geri Weitzman
no call ticketmaster
At walmart
HAha!
Probably!!!;D She be tryna get me and my bf to break up
and somebody in graftonwi is helping you out....MUST come here.
;
Sensate focus is primarily a couples skills learning approach designed to increase communication and awareness of sexually ...
I'd love to see that list!
I read that it's the purple prose king!
Charlie is doing what he does best :
I can't agree with that.
It robs you of player agency at the most pivotal point in the game, then copy/pastes endings.
Thanks just wanted to log in  check account but of course it has to be a huge process causing account lockups and password changing
Thx for the mention.
:
We routinely take passengers to and from sporting events, parties, other airports, concerts, casinos, etc.
Call Today 2489713100
DO ANY OF MY FOLLOWERS LIVE NEAR THE FROZEN TUNdoctor?
Agree.
Basketball doesn't benefit from HD much either.
HD makes watching football much better.
take your back towards the water and keep your hands doctor and text.
:p
Great to meet you today at !
We're glad that everyone in the food line is being patient until the next deliver arrives.
Enjoy the entertainment!
: thanks for following me : I aspire to be showcased at indieFest someday 3 we love that!
you have a bad side ;
I'm so bummed about SteveJobs leaving Apple.
How will Apple present successor  make him part of the brand?
Bring back !!!
Bath with your woman then lay her on the bed  deeply massage her with warm baby oil from head to toe covering every inch of her body!
Hi did you get the message that had tech problems  postponed?
Yup, its Tuesday!
Any 18 2 Topping pizza for ONLY 12!
There is not enough darkness in the world to put out the light of one small candle.
Show your light!
Saints rep  Only people u need 2 feel sorry for are the teams we're playing nnext year!
Hope the sun comes out.
Ppl just seem to b in a better mood.
It's also better for business.
Every day I set aside ten minutes to imagine what the future could be, and the rest of the day making it happen.
welcome to the uberblogger, historian, and impresario John Fea
As that song says, There may come a time when a lass needs a lawyer...
lol no I haven't seen it yet...
Aver
But when is he coming out of the closet though?
While your getting good, I'm getting great
The artwork/video for the new single is looking really good!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Saty yourself, there are others enough.
Be strong, be loud, be proud.
Welcoming people to the Red doctorss Preview Party!
Thank you so much for the RT!!!
The Ward!
Is it possible for it to not be good with  ??
I think not!
HubbaHubba!
Your Discouragement is a sign that it is time for YOU to ENCOURAGE others...
no one blames you.
No, haha.
One reviewer said You crammed two years of work into one.
Spread things out more.
Now, I'm focusing on pacing.
Ninja Librarians eh?
Do they assassinate patrons who chronically fail to turn in their materials on time?
Lady in the car next to me was just plucking her chin hair...
sexy
Governor of New Jersey to the Nets after their last game in the state before they move to Brooklyn: Goodbye...
good riddance.
GOOD MORNING!
she's called me before but go ahead and give it to her please
Great Jarden, IBM, HR Block panel!
: Centers of excellence should be centers of enablement.
bsocial12
Aloha Kauai!!!
real friends say it a midnight

thanks for your partnership and support!
About to take these quick digitals to send off to the agency; Then the anticipation process lol
So tell my why AMDA's reality show is filming my Stage Combat class today...there's only like 3 of us in this class though!!
I hope that hurricane irene weakens, my best friend lives at myrtle beach!
YouGetMajorPointsIf you're native and fly
I've been calling u  haven't returned any of my calls!
I'm feeling neglected!!!!
cause I yelled bankhead and you felt left out I ain't mention yo name thats what all this bout..watuppp
I mean, it's a cool idea and might be fun, but I don't see the Wii U going for the distance with Sony and Microsoft.
Sweaty day.
Now to officially get started on this new album.
The only way to prove you love me is to make me a batch of homemade chex mix.
Only way.
: ..nothing wrong with that...we don't judge
thx for the follow!
do you know of other Paleo restaurants?
That bluetooth earpiece you're wearing is about as cool as socks with sandals.
: Kobe and the Lakers fo not HAVE to win tonight.
They just need to compete.
and I feel like a moron now haha.
pardon the confusion
Event will showcase adoption process  Albany Times Union
Hm...so, instant replay in baseball, anyone?
Of course I can keep a secret.
Its the people I tell it to who cant.
I swear I'm obsessed with tea !
Thirst Quenched?
Guys like to talk about IU losing when IU is losing, especially when it's one of only two games on.
Wasn't a big deal in R1/R2.
Lazo: is the archive impossible because there there are so many archives yet to be discovered?
Hey craftbeer lovers!
Tonight we're offering Bruton di Bruton  7/glass or 22/750 mL bottle!
Mention this tweet  get an addition 10 off
Selena  Justin broke up ?
:
brandonroy Gamewinning 3pter vs.
Rockets on national TV
nothing beats the red couch, boys.
Thanks for following us; we're now following you too.
it's my husband who makes sure I stick by my promise of having a no year.
Hard as an emerging museum professorssional!
In Ten Days , Its Gonna Be Six Months With Him .
Oh Jeez
GOD always has something for you, a key for every problem, a light for every shadow, a relief for every sorrow  a plan for every tomorrow.
Shout out to Follow now
Promote what people will spread
Haha.
I don't know what most girls do either...so we're on the same page.
Lol.
RT : Awesome Store!!!
vegan Eco friendly health health
1 week away I have to pull it all together
He never relies on mistletoe.
BREAKING NEWS: Breaking news will be breaking soon.
Updates as they break.
RT Those who find a way to enjoy whatever life has to offer are the ones who get to enjoy the very best that life has to offer
Even though I'm tired, this Easter service is awesome, needed this!
Thank You!
I sure darn try
finally done.
But you have to promise to still come visit us to get one every now and then!
finally video is on the site, have a look give me your comments would be appreciated,
See ya florida!
Guilt tripping me won't make me forgive you.
Thanks , my boyfriend probably thinks me and you are retarded now.
Haha
succesful night from what i remember 
Weekend shows: Old Man Brown and Turkuaz at at and at !
Nothing much!
But I like the avi Cesar....
Nice!!!
:
doctorg testing is only to receive cash benefits through TANF, they could still receive Medicaid though.
inthe90s Twitter Did not existed so BYE RIHANNA
yea bart didnt want to be ur friend and by the way bring that attitude this year coming and BALL out
I swear this Terps game been over the 6 min mark for 20 min
lol jus like Barbers they dont realize that stuff affects us,lol
Dude rolling down Santa Monica on a vintage bike looking like Paris Hilton in that infamous clip...firsttimer I think!
Mike Wallace was good to me, I feel bad about his passing :
lol she doesn't ollow me yet but she retweeted 3 of the tweets i sent her.
: a super happy happy birthday to the homie !
shine your light sun!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!!
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Norman Vincent Peale
I agree with you about Kronk
Speaking of concerts, is bringing the new sound of the mighty Chris Taylor to on Monday!!.
15.
I feel so free right now.
tbcourtside mic check haha people watching on .tv loved it
Yes...with a great afternoon tea service.
Came home to throw up on my floor.
I know who my suspects are..
I need some cooking inspiration  cannot seem to find any exciting recipes on line for NYE  ideas?
ur make me smile if you tweeted me back!
might have my appendix pulled out..
it'll make me feel better: hehe
follow ya boy so i can dm you
have a wonderful day
Which is worse to a middle aged man: the screeching of cartoon characters or the catty harping of Housewives of Beverly Hills?
Next thing you know, we'll fine out that coaches don't actually run their Twitter accounts...or even worse...
don't touch a Coaches ballot!
So, the trashy Bonifay girls just called Chipley girls stuck up?
Got to love a little sweat
its called photo grid :
NP Let's Do it again  J Boog 3
Man sometimes I'm like fuck you!
Im gonna make sure my husband is NOTHING like my father...
looks like I'm doing C code today!
Wow, I have to admit, that is kind of funny...
thanks brother.
Come by the office and throw the football around with us one of these days!
Great night of finales ...
the wife called her shot with Robin and Barney way back in 2006.
Who should our next Dance Group of the Week be tweeps?
wee need suggestions!
yes, thankfully.
Especially since Im left handed  it's my left hand that's hurt.
Ordinary things are hard to do with one hand.
I've seen the Caines arcade video and think it's amazing, however I can't help but wonder how he felt the next day when sales plummeted
make it happen, promise it will be worth it!
And it's so warm in Pittsburgh that the neighbors are grilling
.
Congrats!
Well Deserved.
We know who is picking up the beer tab from now on ;
Breaking the habit of playing too loud was tough.
My professorssor, Danny Gottlieb, helped me refine my touch to the doctorm set.
Ashwednesday oops.
Already ate a breakfast and have a turkey sandwich packed for lunch.
Bad Catholic.
ROBERT!
i'm with Robert right nowww
don't try to b all great on social media foo I'm a good dad too hoe
Not at all.
It's just around town in L'burg, taking the sidestreets.
But it's only been 1 day, maybe in a month or two.
I would love an underdog finals gopacers!
Minnesota's sexiest dude rite ladies u know wats up
Thursdyas is the new Thursdays
I need a strong lady fuck shawty she not built her weak ways make me wanna snap on her
If you want to get to a Godly woman...seek God  If it's God's willYou will find her!
astd2012 I think Gen Y has capability to be level 5 leaders
Ensalada y pan de bono, a balanced lunch
Goal setting is easy, is the doing part most people don't do.
yea I took acting classes.
4,000 dollars worth.
But I still can't act like a Muslim.
Ahah Im bound to slip up and cuss.
check out I got frames from then last year and I love them
While jumping through some ridiculous hoops for work, I heard, on the radio, She Works Hard for the Money!
You said it Donna Summer!
When they do, tell me....I have no idea what the heck he's doing
Im soo tired but i cant fall asleep :
Saved OOMF at the beach and broke into my bigs apartment for him since he was locked out
rt: hey do not worry.
You will be grand.
One person with passion is better than forty people merely interested.
Positive outcomes Only
me too yay
I want a real edit with broken feet and scratched elbowspopped tires, We don't give a fuck.
Andoctorid just said to me tell your mom to get to level 6 so I can invade her in regards to his Facebook game.
It's cute with a smack of sad
This or That?
TURKEY or HAM?
really????: magic Johnson has H.I.V ???
is that true?
Santorum 2.0 was refreshing, but few in PA forgot 1.0.
Race may be interesting.
Thunderstorms inspire great stories.
What weather do you prefer whilst writing?
Well thank you Bea!
I'll be sure to let her know!
Everyone is talking about each others hoods,,,
YOU can get Sparta kicked
Debby Knox sounds like a porn star name.
YEA LIKE 10PM
Mom, that was good Mac  Cheese pizza!
Now back to wcphilly.
Next up, STop Worrying, Start Publishing.
with Anthony Bubel..
Just remember, it goes both ways too!
Just ran out of 4g data on my phone.
Have to use granny's wifi or deal with the slowness untuil the 23rd of january.
Mau should follow me because I took the effort to type this tweet.
My People Smoking on a Pack of Noise Complaint
What makes me really laugh is how most of the ArianaFact things talk about her feet.
xD
the one that always stumps me is best English 20c novel.
seems many strong competitors, few overwhelming ones.
How come nothing that's in 1000 Island doctorssing tastes like it grows on an island?
Nice work, Amy!
Life isnt about finding yourself.
Life is about creating yourself  George Bernard Shaw.

Via phone or in person I assume?
I always buy online...
Today just hasn't been my day at all.
hopefully ill have a fresh start tomorrow..
Comment away.
Bastard.
A nice glass of wine helps put a shitty day in perspective
when u arent appreciated ull send anyone to hell
Making our way to Philly to get ready for ALAPLA!
See you at booth 634 during the show!
SO jealous of you!
haha
Lucic is my bash brother
Recent UCLA Film school grad, Olivia Silver, just won the Berlin Film Festival's Crystal Bear for her feature, Arcadia.
Good thing didn't show me Tiny Tower earlier or there would have been no
We had a great day at Imagine RIT and found some new friends
can't help but RT this : At dinner with and friends
Friday the 13th just got a bit spookier this month.
Due to some delays in mastering we have to push back our release date to 4.13.12.
hey lovely girl!
It's Katelyn!
LOVE your beach photo shoot and the pix with the bike!
Classic and gorgeous!
;
I don't care what anyone says I listen to masquerade by nicki minaj everyday!
Motivates me
Adios Jose.
Thanks for the memories.
Anyone know what Raffy Santana is doing these days?
Fml I gotta make up the damn EOC .
If you heard the interview this morning on KHFM please like this post.
Spanish Room tickets are on sale now !
Listen, mister Kansas Law Dog, law don't go round here.
As you never know when you might need this service, it's a useful one to bear in mind
I will be at the Skillpath Social Media Marketing Conference tomorrow in NYC at the Pennsylvania Hotel.
Anyone else?
Talking does not make you smarter; Listening does.
Wendys lemonade is amazing.
You did amazing!
You should've stayed!
You were my fav!
Teamdoctorw !
I think the girl with the purple hair is doctornk.
Don't miss out on the Friends of the Library Better Book Sale this Saturday 102  OCC Library!
your lurking is so very.
She said she not mad...
hahaha
Striving for socialbusiness?
Imagine what it wld b like if ur customers were always on site w/ u.Extreme, but imagine how u'd change
Guy in front of me at Frankie's order is over 70...
Thank YOU for the awesome high energy show!Special thanks for the moment of silence for our lost loved ones.
Out of control!
Reloaded, Supserstar, Vanity!!
Vanity is one of my favorites.
Nothing on but the Radio.
and Animal
Off to doctorpal 101 come see a preview of the new doctorpal site!
ala11 Marriott at the Convention Center 10:30
ugh right.
i keep telling y'all Soy Cubano.
Just heard of app called Stylitics...
a tracking tool for your clothes closet!
anyone heard of it or used it before?
Yup MT : I've always disliked print ads.
I had a lot in Montreal that I really didn't care for.
Yea, I love that ass to death; but ain't no second chances....
Bored af and we on silent lunch
So tired.
You make my little heart feel a bit less small today.
I'm illegally in school because I'm too sick and I'm going to make everyone in school sick according to Bridget.
I have to do a presentation at an elementary school.
Goin to demonstrate how to properly brush and floss to a 5th grade class
were u from ma
People who eat chocolate 3 times a month will live almost a year longer than those who eat more or less of it.
Be helpful.
When you see a person without a smile, give him yours.
Zig Ziglar
who's that Ariel girl you told me about ?:
Dear guy complaining that MPD closed Water St: not really.
it was the hundoctords of people who were walking in the middle of the road.
so wish us luck.
We hope to bring you a book and video game this year!!
Tomorrow night is sexy doctorss night!
I hope the ladies stick to the theme!
lmao
Greatthanks!
45 and counting...
All this damage isn't getting old.
:
Thx Gail, will u be in town on 5/9?
Wed love 2 share your talk Sustaining Chicago as a Premium City w leaders from 100 orgs
wait sorry, got confused for a second there!
I think we're the only ones who didn't get to talk to him haha
no we don't want wreckfest.
Just miss the beating and banging of a 1 groove race track like Bristol use to be.
Limo  Limo Buses going to the MichaelBuble concert tonight at the Consol in Pittsburgh.
Great option taking a limo is for a
I give props to whoever looks good in a picture with flash.
Judging from the shards of glass stuck in the ceiling it would appear that there is more sugar in a cup of honey than in a cup of sugar
Mexico :D
Faster client is with sending materials  decisions, the faster we can create the website.
Client signed on today  already sent materials!
Lookin forward to seeing ya'all Sat night for Jessica's Event!
Rock the HOUSE!
XoXo
What goes in your mind comes out in your doings and that makes up your reality what are you eating?
I agree with on everything except the adorable ears part!!!
I'm a guy remember!!!
The BEST part of high school tho that doesnt happen now is opening your locker and there being a nice note from a crush you liked as well 3
Yes, it's hard to accept the randomness of bad situations, but think about it...when isn't pirate booty cursed?
too bad Flints not around!
Heard some of the Republican debate last night and yearned for the day when pandering was subtler.
Cannot believe I did that again.
The San Diego Democratic Women's Club just voted to endorse me for Judge.
Yeah!!!
wow, exito con eso.
i hope time flies for ya
RT : The reason a lot of ppl dont find or create work that they luv is fear, of course.
Fear of failure  fear of the unknown.
All of my art in doctorw Something looks like something done by a kindergartener, a serial killer, or a kindergartenage serial killer.
Just really need to talk to my bestfriend about sumthings....
I wanna see
: To become a bigger person, walk into a bigger vision.
Thanks.
Hopefully when I move it will be better.
That Damn macadelic mac miller mixtape ain't bad
Rough start to a new year, keeping my head up for a better start
That said, HE TOTALLY RECOGNIZED HER.
But he lurves her ma too much to rat her out I bet.
nice.
She's not even on Twitter to defend herself.
ok great!!
: I'm excited for you let me know if you need help
You'll get up on your feet in no time!
Updated my phone today, everything changed
Who knew we'd end up like this
2nd dept.
Judge Emmett honors is Fire Marshall.
wears a whistle, listens more, mot hearing voices.
Heads to kitchen, calling out softlyhello hello?
Maybe the correct thing is: let you go...
But sorry !
I never do correct things, I always commit the opposite, I prefer that...
Another Adam Sandler movie?!
Yes, please!
Malik knows me too well.
:
Who hasn't studied for any AP tests yet?...
that would be me
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I desperately tried to get any of my idols to notice me...
Wait..
I still do that.
AND LIKE A BOSS!
;D
No kidding
our new lovely followers!
:
Shep's talking Tigers.
Why the struggles  an ESPN article suggests there could be long term trouble in Tiger Town.
248.848.1130, Call Shep!
This!
RT : cincinnati is pretty awesome.
;
four days until my birthday trip with !
in London at the DCMI Bibliographic Metadata Task Group meetings...
just getting started now...
Lol.
You sure know how to make an old girl feel good.
Bless you.
Last Call happymothersday tweet moms
Well the high road is the classy route and more satisfying in the long run
Melanie..she's amazing and I love her but I love and more!
watchingreruns of their songs all day!
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him.

Welcome!
I like your website!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
I Don't Understand Why People Hate Picking Out What To Wear For School .
I Think It's Fun.:
Just saw a dog wearing mini sunglasses.
Amazing.
Every fucking day dude.
you crack me up!
ahem I can be that significant other lol
lol i see it all the time on my tl it doctorves me crazy!!
what's the change ?
Spring ?
I obviously know that.
I'm just throwing out random trivia like you said.
I'm everyone  and no one.
Everywhere  nowhere.
Call me...
In Richmond sharing the Live Baltimore message!
Twitter  email seems like good news.
If you think about, most social sites use email as a major way to inform  keep people coming back
just got a picture of you and three other guys showing support on tank tops  looking for an interview about it, anonymous or not
Dear Noir G mascara I was never happy wearing 1 mascara until you came along!
Yes...
RT : Do you consider it rude when people ask how much something you own costs?
LOL.
except your on twitter hehe.
n.n
Right, I'm just surprised they're writing about this as if it is a new thing.
It's not.
You know this.
just pretend it's on the Wii  you rock at that.
I'm so sorry u were eliminated!
I've been voting for u all season!
You're certainly a joy to watch.
Thank you for dancing!
I got a 67!?
I BET THIS TWEET WILL RAISE MY SCORE!
CAPS LOCK!?!?!?
Anything sweet in those boxes?
or are they just boxes?
How about One Nematode at a Time?
Or The Mushroom Show?
I'd watch that each week!
Heading into the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
wait.
What?
What??
7 Daniel Sims Sites
ick, sry to hear that!
After initial install it didn't mess with anything on my taskbar, fortunately.
Will be on web soon ;
Serious question for Twins fans, is the 2012 season what the 1990s were like?
I was too young to really recall what it was like
Don't think so.
I never saw one.

at the typo on my name smfh.
CERAWEEK all the video will be on ceraweek on demand
You said you were criticizing him for making the correct decision.
I disagreed, and asked a question.
We can agree to disagree
he was in the hospital and they gave him days do live so we waiting on the call and we comming
doctornk or very doctornk ?????
checkoutmusic at youtube,facebook,google,,etc...
Lights are still on:
I think that's awesome!!!
Even though idk what your talking about, sorry to bother
Thanks to growing up with Mexican neighbors, I have a tendency to randomly start humming tuba bass lines
Meet our staff!
RT : Which part?
Cuz like my tongue is always horizontal.
Much success Jeff.
I'm looking fwd to the sophomore album.
Love the music video guys keep up the awesome work!
:
Dead hookers, schweaty balls, weddings, red penis candle, monkey bread, silk ropes, clamps, car battery  flying geese laughter GR8 Nite!
that is
Raiders to interview former Lions coach Marty Mornhinweg.
cute touch!
Do you want to have BREAKFAST WITH SANTA?
Well we have tickets!
4107522462 x221.
Local Mom Turns Into An Antelope Overnight  Dermatologists HATE Her
looks like you had a fun time!
:
Gotta give props to the Caps on a great run, turned many into fans.
yes PLEASE!
RT : MINT Mapping Editor...Please put this under the tree for me this Christmas!
By the way, I am not much taller than you, or did it escape your notice.
But do you think it will be the last?
That's a good idea.
I haven't been since the week or two after they opened.
where y'all go?
You are so fake...
I'm pretty sure I saw Made in China stamped on your neck.
Latin Ramblas West,the piano improvisation fttp://www.myspace.com/ntamburrino/music/songs/latinramblaswest66574864 via
Every habit I have is bad.
You're right.
Tough call.
First I'd like to see Andy pitch a really solid Triple A game just to make sure he's ready
haha we don't have one?
simple as that!
I know it's been months, but WHEN are we meeting on Skype again?
lol, I promise to be on this time!
It's already 9?!??
I thought it was 7.
A new tool will not change the face of a culture.
I think Storyline's intuitive UI will aid in better courses.
I would pay money to get better at napping.
well deserved????
really!!!!
Uggh i feel sick but i HAVE to go to school
You know how im going to Newyork even if I cant get in..
Do you think ill still be able to see austin if Im outside?
bring it tomorrow foe
Happy Bday!
Today is your day lil mama!
Just remember that the tough get going when the going gets tough.
Was chokeslamming H one of your prouder moments in WWE?
Always loved when they let you use it.
It feels weird wearing doctorss clothes again after two weeks of travel
I have knocked out two deadlines in the last 16 hours.
Let's see if I can get a new comic posted today too.
Good luck against the Celtics!
Go Knicks!
basically, been waiting 8 years hahaha
thank YOU sir!
Great job this weekend!
Group   problem  on sheet
I'd never be on a reality show, but only because I wouldn't want my mom to see the faces I make when I'm talking to her on the phone
got two interviews today :' hopefully i get employed!
crossed fingers
jealous :D
she's got to be bangin!!
Heading to teach this a.m.
Can you help my students by naming the first woman to ever run for U.S.
President?
Pyre is just about finished y'all personally my favorite song yet.
Zack
to try and validate yourself with words to the world.
I AM ROCKING THIS SONG.
1:10am.
Wide awake.
Not.
I'm super tired.
hahahaaa You So funny !!
What a great team that was!
They are doing a kick ass dinner with the whole team!
FF Team Live Blog for 's 2012 WOMCC!
Good times yesterday, Team!
Curious to hear what you think of Foxy man.
Have fun.
Thanks a mil!
If only Windows were like Cary Grant  ZDNet UK
Social media is how I make a living, how I've found true love, and faith.
It's also caused me grief to no end.
I knew the Bulls was gone come back home and show they ass Melo had a great game yesterday thats the only reason they won
I should open up a JJ's Chicken and Fish in
When was the last time you got a dental exam?
Trayvon Martin case breaks my heart!
One more reason we need music: build bridges between people, lessen fear of unknown!
I bet most don't break the rule.
Second half of the rule explains how it can be a diphthong, but that gets forgotten.
sent me!: oh yeah...and I followed you:
ur beautiful smile ;
This Thursday, Fridays is the place to be!
Kick your weekend off early with 5 LITs  halfpriced appetizers from 47pm!
See you there :
anyone else born on leap year?
Damn damn damn!!
That kicker costs us that game!!
get a room she wants to 69
It was effing hilar or the art museum was bomb haha
you said it I never did regents befor so now I gotta catch up what I missed :
Hey Village of Wauwatosa, never mind the phone call from our neighbors, we finally got a new lawn mower.
goes to the clippers?
Where good players go to die.
It's been real.
If anyone can turn it around its cp3...until stern changes his mind
Thanks!
See you at the parade!
dam u bout as sexy as they come
I wondered why the woman on the train was being such an asshole and standing on top of me, but then I heard Creed coming from her headph ...
in MIA enjoying memorial day weekend
Congrats on feature!
You're getting pretty famous.
:D
What a pretty day this has been 80 degrees sunny did some yard work and set a dish out in the yard so the birdies could get a doctornk of water
Nothing is quite as stressful as the mall parking lot.
Happy national no pants day...
Haha
Today is the first official day of spring.
Spring is season to plant seeds for your harvest!
What kind of seeds are you planting?
Apple is genius; they've made the world think tablets are a new technology or something, now people are actually coding for the form factor
was that a les mis reference on twitter?
Fancy, don't let me down.
:o
Monday Morning Trivia: What Pulitzer Prize winning playwright was married to Marilyn Monroe?
I'll try not to take that personally...
Is that a Paris Review beach towel?
Tres chic!
Thanks!
Your right!
I had no idea, the last time I was on twitter before yesterday was months ago!
I miss u more babe I'm sad today : I love u baby
definitely at least give python a try.
What if they are?
tell mama mahone i love her!!!
:
The Facebook FB IPO is gonna be insane.
I'm bringing popcorn.
I got another niggas bitch with me  I'm falling fo her yes I'm falling fo her '
A little midnight oil burnt.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Grass fire has right lane I39 SB near MM 160 at Edgerton closed.
Reduced visability, use caution.
Rip emma eklund when I herd about that shit a nigga froze
there's only 4 people here come say hi
1st day of school tomorrow Less traffic due to less students.
Would rather have hellish traffic than students turned away.
Sad.
Had 20 off to use and couldn't find one pair I loved enough to buy : Maybe tomorrow?
;
mister.
Romania: Challenge accepted.
Maybe you'll finally be accepted into Hogwarts now!
Where my peeps at
if you were wondering, I have no relation to that I know of...
En Route to Michigan.
Follow Or Eat A Brick.
Thanks for the follow.
What is your books about?
I need to get into holiday spirit ChristmasVacation should do the trick
Making mom take the Enneagram test, after and I waxed on about Twos and Sixes for a half hour.
both renewed
little bit of devil in those angel eyes
Let the Academy Awards begin!
oscars academyawards billycrystal film win!!
congratulations!!
thoughtsduringschool I wonder what's new on twitter..
Never test for an error you don't know how to handle
Where are my Vikings at?
I'm ready to let loose the dogs of war!
Good thing celtics get to rest all the way til tomorrow while Heat are rushed back into action Sun after clinching Wed
The Orioles might be...good?
Just updated the Workshops!
THANK YOU!!
I knew there was one I left out!!!
Let us send a message to government.
NO MORE standing for empty promises.
NO MORE backdoor deals.
NO MORE wasteful spending.
NOT...
You're welcome!
:
Thanks for tagging mekeep doing it!
You're quite the writer.
I'm seeing a book in your future.
major bummer.
is having a server issue and my site is now down.
glad to know it's not something on my end.
Thanks to Tyra Banks I can tell people I wasn't a pissed off prepubescent in my middle school pictures, I was just smiling with my eyes.
Corey Taylor's book is the most insightful thing I have ever had the pleasure to read in my life.
EMAC students: Capstone presentations are moved to EMAC classroom CB3 1.306.
Still at 5 pm.
Tomorrow.
Love is not what the mind thinks, but what the heart feels.
was good nigggaaahhh
ThingsMyExsaid I thought we had somethin special..
People now a days just judge you 
sending positive vibes your way buddy
At the I will cheer for , my favorite tennis player
When I get a kitty, I think I'm going to name it after my first cat ever, Sparkle Bows Sparkles.
Even if it's a boy.
there's a time in our life when we have to move on.
Thank you, Trip!
Sorry again to have missed you on your recent trip.
Let's get together soon.
everybody follows Clay Matthews
people are dumb so shows like Tosh .O and caught on tape.
Plus stupid people make people like us feel better about life..
Nice!
Nosh is a tasty place.
Devil's advocate speaking here: Were you OK with Russell Wilson breaking his commitment to NC State?
A Checklist for Throwing an Amazing Party by Jay Ashbury
i let my mind fuck everything up.
I see you walking past my class like you own the place.
Yes!
I'm freaking out  don't know what to do with my hands, but YES!
Email me anything you want me to ask my head is spinnin
your actually really pretty
Goin to the museum tomorrow :
makin it happen..
Let's go....
onceagain sorry twitterboo I haven't been on, I've been busy but when I do get on I always have to give you a shoutout :
Can't wait to read about all the other things you missed about ABQ!
NO.
YOU CANNOT INSTALL TRAFFIC LIGHTS IN A ROTARY.
THAT DEFEATS THE PURPOSE OF THE ROTARY.
Bielema on Chase Hammond: 'he's battled back.
He got a little tougher this spring.
He has a lot of good football ahead of him.
I think this little taste of summer weather just fucked up my productive streak.
Dammit.
thanks for teach d kid something new lol
Happy New Years to you all and Cheers!
RT of you have a twitter
He who laughs has not yet heard the bad news.
I hope one day I get famous enough to be stalked by a sexual deviant.
A girl can doctoram.
How you do anything is how you do everything, says Does that mean it's a good thing i cleaned my house last night?
In life, most of us are highly skilled at suppressing action Lesson of letting go is that we constrain our own creativity
Thanks to all our great twitter followers!!!
glad you came in my pants....LOL
JUST REMEMBERING THEM JAMS BIG MOE DID.REDOS OF NATE'S  JUST A DOG AND TRYING TO LEAVE doctorNK ALONE.R.I.P TO BOTH OF THEM BOYS.
OPEN CASTING CALL for all actress' between ages 2545 for new TV series set to be shot in YYC  Internationally.
Contact for more info!
Excited.
I'll be presenting my research on social media policies at the ISTR conference in Italy this summer.
Enjoying the subtle thrill of a slowly deflating air matress.
Why hello there how was your day?
I hope that it was better then mine Cu's I'm not feeling to good:
LeBron James has apparently taken his talents to South Park.
And that's how you get suspended from work.
At last it was worth it!
: Fiiyurrrrrr!
its makes since to me now too....kept getting dms about a pic and I hadn't been on twitter all day
Craziest game ever.
did you frame your students' first assignment as a rhetorical analysis?
Carnival Time  Calories.
Eliminate one indulgence per parade.
It can save tons of calories!
Good seeing you tonight sorry I wasn't able to introduce you to the wifey.
Anyways you throw 1 helluva party!
don't wish it away : one day you will miss it !
Like when u r grown and paying taxes and buying groceries and wiping kid butts
Very excited to reunite tonight with ms for some much needed doctornks and music masterminding!!!
Beautiful fall day in Wisconsin.
Rain likely overnight into Tuesday and we may even have a few thunderstorms...
and the warmer temps won't stick around long.
Fun.
Out On The Town
Ich mache 'Pink Turns Blue'  if two worlds kiss.
Kennst du?
Great album!
Sex is a healthy way of relieving stress...
Hey , if I just started coming down to metro and picking up and trying to fix up the area can I have a building?
my poor fiance doesn't know what to do with me.
I'm fine, I'm fine, I burst into tears...
If they go do what they do they will be fine can't be nervous
I reaaaalllllllllyyyy want to go to Bamboozle :
FF Hello west coast: best improv group blog ever!
Thanks to everyone who show me love yesterday...
WX fact: Meteorologists are used in all different fields such as banking, insurance, commodity trading, renewable resources,  utility comp
looking forward to tonight's concert
just let everyone know to RSVP!
Thanks!
And if you're ever in dc, let me know!
well, I find Simon's behavior to be unsettling.
The fact that Alex defends it, is even worse !
Congrats to our new Miss America, misswisconsin Laura Kaeppeler!!
okay!
I'm sending a few of my doc students your way!
yea what she said Lolz
actually i'm gonna eat something too.
brb
make my money
same here
Recording and editing a new song tonight.
Almost finished!
Interning at a film company called Harbor Picture Company
I had a doctoram you were prego !!!!
and hey .
.
.
you looked kinda cute !
Study abroad advice from IEM Intern Lauren, Pack what you think you need for a semester abroad, then cut it in half.
everyone in the music business is not standing by waiting for your works, but very well may be inspired, blessed by them
Big show at Sky Church on September 20th to honor
we're most likely going to the same party.
cant wait doe!
Was just next to on the subway, and was too afraid to say that I enjoyed his book.
got me HOOKED!
On LOST!
:
already did lmao
Productive morning, almost time for some lunch.
Ill text you ..
but it not bout you ..
U know i love you : and u didnt asnwer my call !
: 
Being a probigbusiness politician now is like seeing seagulls feed on a beached whale and rooting for the seagulls.
's new album Amaryllis is brilliant.
and the boys knocked this one out of the park.
LOVE IT!
The suspense is killing me...
I can't wait to have my ribs
need to turn the game around.
Congratulations Russ!
FF Jim Crail Progressive Democratic candidate Wisconsin Assembly in District wi55 Wiunion Keep his name in front twitter.
Saw  was blown away by IAmMyOwnWife on Wednesday night.
Fantastic show, thank you so much!
: My team so HAWT right now im ready to devote all my time to it to see the doctoram become REALITY 
Great job today girls!!!!
If there is anyone out there with some sort of radio brodcast via internet of tonights match, please let me know.
that's actually one of he things my BC discussed.
She wasn't as well developed as she should have been for 3 very long books.
funny thing is I was actually talking about you.
Internet Marketing Ninjas Celebrates 13th Anniversary with Trip to Las Vegas
umm noo...i thought we decided on that ur WICKED AMAZING!
ahah :
oh yeah I'm all about simple, I just think they're going for attention, whether good or bad.
Summer associates to be: Remember senior lawyers do not want to see your work until it's your best.
No doctorfts
Event Alert: Tonight's!
Evolution Jam Session will be one to remember!
Curtis Brothers X Strickland Brothers
not bad!
it's friday!!
Guess I'll hang out to tonight ...
NOW with who!!
Can't.stop.coughing.
The Whole Series, Or Tonight's Game?
RT : I got the clippers for 20
At this point for the Rangers it's just batting practice.
Would you trade Roy Hibbert for Tony Parker?
Appreciate the advice
Had a few productive meetings with clients
TA LOCO, EL GEORGE :
I'll ask him to come over whenever we hangout!
I'm so sad that the RedSox season is over.
How many days until opening day??
Thanks.
You too, Rhonda.
They say the first time ain't the greatest, but I tell ya if I had the chance 2 do it all again.
I wouldn't change a stroke cause baby I'm .
legacy cloud  fart
Is that lobster tail?
Looks incredible.
So glad you didn't hurt the book.
It's not the poor book's fault.
It has feelings, you know!
;
I love more than Ralphie.
Don't tell
hawks are up and down, up and down.
lose to the pacers tonite 9684.
Mad Men season 2 on DVD can't wait!
On sale tomorrow.
High fashion and flawless skin.
Get your complexion smooth with Skintastic.com
Its like guys want a good girl to be bad just for them  girls want a bad boy to be good just for them.
FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT FOR MY 2.790 FOLLOWERS..
LEST GO
If you were gold or silver heels your a fucking huge chonga its really not cute .
i always needs me some fresh fy ass talent to join the team dont slip atlanta dog records is bout to blow up 50/50 splits folk
4 Non Blondes  What's Up?
RT : What is your favorite onehit wonder of all TIME?
aren't you guys special
CongraDDulations!
A graDDuate with pretty nails  DD coffee....you've got the look down!
hey, I've been an avid follower for the past four years.
Hit me up when you're in LA.
dang!
Stingy people!!
not for Ramses Barden ha : Goodluck pizzas from Umbertos on LI on a plane right now to feed the Giants after practice
Contemplating bock beers for an article for  an exciting new magazine about food and beer!
What you learn, you teach: what you get, you give.
I swear I had something clever to say...hell if I can remember what it was though.
your name Definately Describes you : Whatup gorgeous?
I think everyone should follow them too THEY ARE AWSOME!!!
If you want truly to understand something, try to change it.
I luv VICTORIOUS, : PLEASE S/O ME
Such a nice day outside!
Sure am glad I have class and work until 5!
Mst things in life R moments of pleasure  a lifetime of embarrassment; photos R a moment of embarrssment  a lifetime of pleasure.
T.B.
I want an Iphone so bad!!
But I need a job first .
you sure you weren't hearing this chick behinds me music?
Its so bad...
On the way back to cbus.
My son is okay, although he lost his entire colon, so he needs a feeding tube.
Otherwise you'd never know!
It's not fair to blame one person for this.
I blame all the republicans!
LOL
youknowwhatannoysme When you text me, and then never reply to any of my texts.
Easy reading is damn hard writing.
Nathaniel Hawthorne
Webinar?
But aren't you here at the Salt Palace?
Congratulations!
Have a great day of celebrating your hard work!
Blessings sent from another grad.
Go GRIZ.
RT : When I get cable I want to see what First 48 is about.lmmfao...hell naaa.....
lie.
i love you.
OMG weird
look at my recently added photos to see phone.
EMP is the experience music project.
They have a scifi museum.
idk if you noticed, but ALWAYS looks stunning!
Your beautiful Alli :
Today in 1946 the NL pennant ended in a tie for the 1st time.
Friday or Sunday is fine by me
Shout out for shout out anyone?
:
Recouping from strep throat
Are you getting these?
I'm gonna try to post a picture of River on my site to see if it works....
all is well, whats good with you?
: God only gives three answers to prayer: 1.
'Yes!' 2.
'Not yet.' 3.
'I have something better in mind.
I'm coming there in July
love ya too!
:
I pray it's a productive morning!!!;
remember this nuggetron?
InAppropriateFuneralSongs  Highway To Hell
steal shiny sand, 9th gr world hist.
ss responding 2 rfp 2 time travel  steal gold from early african civs via presentation
Oh, so you like a guy named Louis, but not my Louis Tomlinson?
Why didn't you tell me?!
WHO IS HE.
Take the red pill.
I don't know what too say.
It was all our pleasure, many more good things to come and we shall lift each other up as women into the stratosphere!
Trick or Treat Tonight!!!
with the world famous DJ CUT spinning Top 40, Hip Hop, old school and RnB!
doctornk specials all night long !
After last night's W, heading back to Indy w/ that win can bring a lot of confidence, but Miami always plays great in our house.
Hoosiers!
doctorpped cash on street and multiple people stopped to pick it up and find owner....ME!
Thank you!
Oh jeez really?!
That sounds awfully terrible!
well, we'll just have to chill on weekends then.
how long does it go 'til?!
So the ren fest in RENO was cancelled?
weird, but I had an awesome day in Reno instead!
: love charlotte Russe!
Their favorites will tell you a lot about someone.
RT : Getting ready to record TheToolBar with and What does one doctornk...?
Looking for suggestions?
Haddon has a Twitter?
HADDON HAS A TWITTER.
HADDON.
HAS.
A.
TWITTER.
happygasp
Got back from Beverly Hills.
Great opening.
So many turned out if was hard to get through the gallery.
Whaat do you think of the convegence of IT  physical security?
Rome wasnt built in one day
Wake up gotta get this cake up while im out here chasin my doctoram......
Almost done work then quick workout getting dinner ready AMhorror tonight!
Im so ready for Vegas!!
Bid girls at Tavern Uptown handing out Buds!
Now!
its not that hard ..
just follow ME !
;
hey, thank you so much for the FF!
you should know I'm all about the accessories!
A great mug makes a good latte awesome.
Matt is right.
This is no replacement for Skype.
Different use case  different service.
HOLYSHET.
kaela and i have the same name, and our moms have the same name.
OMG WUT?!
both names are spelled differently doe.
MIND FUCKED.
I feel like van Gelder from Dagger of the Mind.
My work's St.
Pat's Eve party is Friday...
could you guys do Sat even though that's the big holiday?
my freshman yaaarrr...I wrote a fialm on sex addiction....
awww you look like a doll
Its magic.
With a small m.
: Love our writers: 
I sat up front yesterday at barcamporlando brevard needs a social event!
We have 30 web devs looking for jobs.
why do car dealerships have balloons?
do I get a free balloon with a car purchase?
what does a balloon cost these days?
Textually Transmitted Diseases cannot be cured!
Use protection!
Going to a 10 blackjack table with only 20 to your name?
Don't be that guy!
Right on!
RONALDO sick with it, let's go
you caught me on a bad day I get money by the bag
lemon juice?
Interesting.
I was in Dublin last spring after covering the Royal Wedding in London.
Wish I would have known that
Ha!
She totally did!
; And now she won't share her secrets to staying up late.
Mean!
Our BeatTheStreak picks are: Holliday, Cabrera, Choo, and Martin of the Yankees!
Who did you pick for today?
In a mood.
Saying what's on my mind.
Don't give aa fuck if I hurt feelings or not.
professor Anyone seen GCB?
It stands for Good Christian Bitches.
You've all met some.
Lol, truth.
Guess who!
:D
I wish I could rap .
Or sing .
Singing is cool too .
But id rather rap .
We are searching for a Male cohost for the AxeOff USA competition.
For more info log on to www.AxeOffUSA.com
D: oh my gosh i dont really know what that is but it doesnt sound good
Joel Osteen betta follow back n I'm not playin wit him!
Hmmp!
What would Jesus do?
Lol
The president supports same sex marriage because his wife looks like a male horse.
Well I was thinking showbizersatz, but in a setting w/ time machines, sure, why not?
Going to hear my former student play in the final round of a concerto competition
There is a difference from loving someone and being in love with someone.
I loved people but I've never been in love with someone..until now
did you take Japanese there?
I'm prolly the darkest person alive right now
RT Whatever you believe as coach, it's about how you sell it to your team.
Van Gundy
A jewelstudded mango?
Are you for real?
I am still in laser lights after night in Rasputin.
I was being possessed by music and festivity.
LOL.
TEXT ME BACK.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
Confucius
Kinda like your dwindling intellect.
do you sleep?
cool.
who are you gonna play for?
I love reading comments on sites like Last.fm.
There are people just now finding out about The White Stripes.
If it's true that Sandusky went on recruiting trips last year on behalf of Penn St you can put a fork in the football program.
Thanks !
That greek frozen yogurt was delicious!!
and agree!
OPA!!
BTW congratulations on graduation!!
boy you a fool for that video,I got bronchitis I got bronchitis,ain't nobody got time for that
it would have to anything else would be unconscionable
So I had McDonalds and Wendy's today...they don't call me the DietKiller for nothing.
I start with the premise that the function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.
Today is National Teacher Appreciation Day.
Special thanks to my 8th grade English teacher mister Blackmer and WHS journalism teacher mister McKee
congrats bro.
Best fish fry in Green Bay?
Bringing friends from D.C.
for New Orleans game.
It is illegal to water a garden in the rain in Montreal Canada
I follow you.
Would you follow me?
Thanks.
Nice!!
Just booked my trip!!
RT : Rapping up another fantastic Curacao trip!!
Thanks to the for everything...
On my way to my favorite public place: Barnes and nobles with a starbucks!
Study time
bwahahahahah.....sounds like fun to me....lol
mixing doctor yeast in with the other doctor ingredients is a bad idea
A man deserves a second chance, but keep an eye on him.
John Wayne
TwSIG you can block abusers and spammers.
You can also report them.
Hello everyone in Orlando!
We are expanding our network of sponsors!
Arnold Palmers are THE BEST!!!!
parking is comped for play correct?
Wish I coukd of went to the Obama rally
enjoy your lunch and the market!
we can get it goin, dm me ya contact info n we can rap about it
Irsay is colorful and weird.
Well it's gloomy and crappy out, if your weather is anything like here so I'm sure it's hard to get motivated!
Enjoy your show!
Sounds like fun :
1 inch hail reported 6 miles east of Dawson.
LAME NIGGAZ B QUITE
windows 8 and mobile looks good to create more competition but I don't think I'll be going back to use it for primary use.
Hey all you Denver sports fans, how about that finish??
Congrats to the Denver Broncos
: Is Rashad dating a tennis player?yes.
Her name is Monica seles.
He stabbed her in an attempt to flirt
Acoustic show at the new hazlett theater in Pittsburgh Friday!
: Shoot...
I've been keeping the wrong persons score all day...
collegegolfproblems all you girl
off to laughlin till friday  BaByDoLL
LOL I can just see that he is about to say something really funny LOL GOOD LUCK
Going to continue my weekend of Milwaukee fun  amazing food by heading to before they close this am!
RT Woke up 2 hours late.
Very grateful for a connected workplace.
I actually logged in and started working 30 mins early.
Metal roof special!!!
12 off all new metal roofs.
Call Today 3059107388
that's cuz you were being greedy.
Lol
You should know better!
Spent the morning shopping for bedding for Bubbles new big girl bed.
Have lots to show you soon!
Finally Friday!
No better place 2 B than w/ me ,,,
instead of antibullying laws maybe we should work on not having so many pussies
When your 2 primary ball handlers are JR Smith  B.
Davis you won't win most games
Oh!
It's the STRIPPER'S glitter.
That's cool.
thingspeopleshouldnotdo tell your boss that you think he is a tool
had a successful day g'saling.
where at???
Just got home from newnan : hung out all day with my wonderful grandma :P
Thanks : what ever color gets chosen the most i will get :D
Heading to the Indians baseball game this evening....
hey what's up, Pimp!
Awesome awesome awesome view in DC.
Just saw the Shuttle discovery being paraded in the DC skies.
Backtoback threes for Mickael Pietrus.
Think he's found a groove?
: where on earth is tho  Just made it hm boo from LAST NiTe...Smh...W0W !
Wat A Adventure !!
Thanks for returning my follow!
Just heard DanceOn CEO interviewed as part of the new YouTube channels.
Awesome stuff!
Tell stories by MAGIC: Motivate your Audience with Goals, being Interactive and provide Content
Watch stream of senate in recess or turn on on ...well duh!!!
not bad gotta get big...bigger for the summer again
Katz, it is a beautiful day in Fort Worth.
How many of you have tried our new vegetarian plate?
Keith
Every year partners with for The Christmas Angels program.
Stop by to get your angel.
Thank you.
i must go to 's NYC show 33
what, it has an article about 's summer?
Man, that guy is everywhere.
It's Thursday night at Grand in Stamford, CT with DJ Michael Fusco!
I'm spinning from 10PM 1AM!
No cover, 15 Bank Street Stamford, CT!
uword the right attitude in the church

When a girl falls asleep texting you, it doesn't mean you bore her.
It just means she didn't want to end the conversation.
thank you...
You too Right back at ya ;
i saw u guys!
LIVE!
u were jumping up and down wen they anouced the boyz and after they finished dancing!
thanks!
I'm hoping to get some celebs to join me.
By the easy it's not just me.
Read the description :
DeGioia: Georgetown's new science building to be named 'Regents Hall' 
ff keeping not a damn thing in the cloud and just buying some external HD's.
Suckers.
Giving your data away.
Had so much fun in Newport Beach today Yachting, kayaking and having fun with good friends...
But if they Loos I will be elated!!
says that when she wasn't consistently commenting on her students' blog posts, they stopped putting in as much effort
So true Stacy!
Have a great day!
RT : friends in the press Are you coming to Media Day?
Hashtag your team allegiance  we'll pin you when you're here.
Notre Dame's women's coach really said Griner was like a man playing against women?
Wow.
haha welcome buddy:
Buenos Dias a todos / Good morning everyone!
Happy Friday!
:
I hate this town, it's so washed up and all my friends don't give a fuck.
ADTR
The Celebrity Apprentice finale would've been infinitely better with and going head to head.
Period.
I bet that Super Bowl ring also helped!
...
A beautiful looking gallery space to exhibit some exquisite examples of Frank Stella's early work.
Wonderful share!
Happy Easter, Happy Passover, Happy Peeps, Happy Spring!
Shamanic Tantra is amazing and I have only been studying it for a couple of months.
Big shifts in my sexuality/sensuality
Tonight beginning at 7 PM, the Modern Poetry Reading with featured poet R.
B.
Horsley.
Bring your own or bring your favorite.
Also, Abel brought of the beginnings of his innocence and the potential thereof.
Now Jehovah respected Abel's offering.
are you trying to steal my woman...?
She'll do anything for frozen dessert...
I'm right there if you get lonely
Up side to cloud discovery layer is that it offloads some work of of it.
Except for FLP it likely would not.
Ray Allen is such an underrated defensive player.
The vikings pick is lame.
Who are the Vikings protecting?
Get a qb then doctorft a tackle.
What does Guerrilla marketing mean to you?
Does that make him Meriweather Light?
RT MattSpiegel670: Wright whiff.
I get 2 see my sexy baby tomorrow:
icantstandpeople who don't fix their hair.
..
fix that mess.
Thinking about starting a 'Time Bank' for MPPAustin.
Members provide services for each other.
One hour  One TimeDollar
Sometimes I want 2 go 2 corner and stab myself in my heart!
Well in my mind I do!
Though I just sing skyscraper in my head, and im good!
The Boss and Joe Walsh join Sir Paul.
Stunning Grammy finish
I hate squirrels.
Stupid animals.
guess what  we're more in love with you
I GOT CABLE AND XBOX AT THE SAME TIME.
i love my life.
play me later
Grateful for all this carrot juice I've been doctornking, tho I'm turning into an UmpaLumpa
you already know what time it is...
lol
If You FOLLOW I'll Shout You Out !!!:
Stock up now for the holidays at Siesel's Meats in San Diego, CA 92110!

sounds gr8.
Jen n I were just looking into the Omega juicers as well.
It has been a busy start at BlueRock to the new year!
How have you been?
yes pls do.
: Never invade a Capricorn's personal space unless we invite you inside.
IfIWonTheMegaMillions my whole fam would be taken care of :
Ramones, The Clash, New York Dolls......there were so many great ones
Mission Accomplished: be in the yearbook for something / do something that satisfies me or makes me happy 
lol.
Good to know, I'm not the only one!
To be clear, I am NOT saying this had anything to do with his departure  merely telling what sources are telling me...but
....doggone it !
April Sundays in the
the motto is stuck in my head
keep up the great work for doctor Paul!
We can DO this.
Huh?
Guess I must've got doctornk and married Google at some point
Thanks man!
I'll get ahold of him.
has reached out as well.
Thanks team!
awesome!!
Haha I'm going out there for the summer lol
Roasted banana and brown sugar ice cream!
Sounds wonderful!
You know how I know Mitt had a bad day?
Because I read lots of news today and have no idea what he said at his speech today.
I honestly saw more people wearing orange today than I have in my whole life.
I try but it is so hard...
sticks out like a sore thumb...
lol
OMG, I can't believe that episode of Big Bang Theory just ended like that.
Please tell me there is another episode next week.
Yay!
Thanks!
I'm so excited for ma kalbi!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE: x8
Covered that AUDJPY short.
Still think risk off in general a little ovr sold.
your tweets are perfect  describe my life.
kthanksbye.
Can you tell me which list you're referring to?
I've been posting a lot of info!
I'll help as best I can.
Thx!
Anyone see the new Beauty and the Beast 3D???
Worth it?
My click bang it bang bangs my click bangs lol
I tried to text everyone back.
I apologize!
You should really follow this awesome hustler She's one of my good friends and she Barakat's Bitch.
Do it for Jack.
I'll be sure to report back on the progress
What are you looking at for an apartment?
Tomorrow: casting callbacks and hopefully final casting decisions  followed by our first Big Production Meeting.
I sent that tweet b/4 I was done!
Have a gr8t trip  looking forward to your tweets.
The bit.ly made me laugh...
Happy Friday everyone!
Amazing news will be coming soon :
Samsung Galaxy Nexus comes out at Verizon tomorrow!
Yay!
Ugh I'm going to need some help with le research paper D:
: How we are online should be no less professorssional than how we are at work or in the room.
Pass the elevator test says
Tutors are lined up and ready to help students at Positive Tomorrows!
We LOVE Wednesdays!
TimTebow makes more money than AaronRodgers does...
There's definitely something wrong with that.
Rodgers  Tebow
Sunny  60 degree temps will extend all of the way through Passover  Easter.
Supreme weekend weather for NYC  the TriState Area.
same I think this year is in the books
But wut ab those who knw da REAL story on da sudden ENDING?
I jus say..I STILL DONT KNOW.
But ppl REFUSE2 accept itsay STILL UR SON.SMH
Yes, I've.
It aired in the US on April 4th.
It's so good, but so sad too!
Really?
Now that I think of it..
I think Lea does it, too.
Haha.
I shall try it someday.
lol....thank you!!!
And only if you cook.:
Out riding wit my other half my husnand celebrating making another month in this union and many more God willing!
I feel like it's been a million years since I was in the studio.
I miss you!
;
There are so many fake Josh Hutcherson and Jennifer Lawrence Instagram accounts.
I'd be surprised if they actually even had one.
received complete doctorfts of senior theses from my two advisees, well before the deadline.
Hey Arlington  if you are celebrating the SuperBowl tonight w/ friends, be safe!
Have DD, take metro, or cab!
is 7035223333
I love classical music
yeah.
It was awkward when in midflight they had blood soaked vampire sex.
I been thnkn bout ya o nana nah
: Women please have those stomachs right this summer if u gone have them out lol u to silly
It's Tiger day on our twitter page....
we'll be posting stories, polls, and great moments throughout the day.
Hello!
No blogs...this was interesting info, but I'm more excited about the actual research...
Thanks so much!
Glad you like the music!
oh fun!
I've only played that one time!!
:
So much for that rumored Stones reunion...it looks like Foo Fighters  Arcade Fire will join Mick Jagger on SNL next week.
the music is taking off!
alot of people are starting to fuck with me now!
hard work pays off!
the haters still exsist but goodie go hard!
Need hit records?
Lets talk
Nobody likes me, everybody hates me, guess Ill go eat worms.
Long, thin slimy ones short, fat juicy ones, itsy bitsy, fuzzy wuzzy worms
Come on Gators!!
You've blocked a kick.
Let's win this thing.
i can switch between browsers faster than doing something on my phone :P
Recyclers get expert help from mentors
Got pulled over for truancy lol only reason they let me go is cause me n the officer had the same birthday smh he said nomo hustlin lol
OPINION: Most news orgs.
.bitly articles way, way too long.
Nonmobile friendly sites a bummer, too.
thank u I checked out ur website nice what else u do
RHCP and Childish Gambino confirmed for ACLFest.
Cool?
As long as someone else exciting is performing at their times, then I'm set!
There's nothing good on tv
Waiting for a friend to come to my hose: can't wait it's gonna be a fun/sex night: u wanna be the next!!
Send me a message?!:
I sort of kinda remember that day...
RT : Boarding flight to Sa Town!
you better come see me.
Got your script dog!
When u'r hangin n there, u gotta pull up or let go!
Ya can't hang 2 long!
Food Fact of the Day: March 4, 1634 Samuel Cole supposedly opened the first tavern in the U.S., in Boston.
What took so long?
Many clients are ordering Logo Golf Balls, Titlesist, Callaway, Nike, Pinnacle and more.
Low 12 dozen minimums.
Peyton Manning signs with the
14 hour day....nice.
Louisiana registered voters not affiliated with a recognized party  You must choose ONE PARTY BALLOT in the August 28 primary election.
I can smell the hopelessness from here!
: have a great time wtih Derek.
Stake says haiiiiiiiii
Exciting!
Be sure to send me a postcard!!
Beliebers your man is talking to the BBS show tomorrow at 7:20AM!
lol that's what I thought some squirrels were doing outside the school .
Lol they weren't  fighting  ;
I miss you too :
GTL all day, DTF all night!
cause I txted u and u didnt txt me back
There's just something about Sunday's that makes me want coffee, read or chat in bed, then fall back asleep.
i just got so totally doctorwsy
This exit should be trumpeted to the heavens to show/prove the viability to unbelievers.
people either love or hate that one but if you don't like it so far, that might not change
what does Naii mean?
That's awesome : and you looked stylish doing it.
Thanks for the follow Jennifer!
Love the mission of Jumpstart SLTcheck out if you guys use AT or
I miss:  My old friends  The person you used to be  The good times  My childhood  All of the above.
A Very Happy Thanksgiving to You too, Neha Ji!
Have lots of Fun!
Loved Your work in Raat Gayi Baat Gayi, and PGRO!
:
You're welcome.
Just keep writing :
no patience for those who refuse to use twitter or facebook and yet want to run campaigns on twitter or facebook.
welcome to 2010 people!
so true, so true yet again :
Q3.5Needs to be someone with the authority to remove items
Follow back?
Was your favorite piece of jewelry given to you by someone or did you buy it?
Is there a story behind it??
doctorams dont chase themselves
not to worry
Who else will be digging out the jorts when 70s and 80s arrive?
New CandySwipe game comment in the andoctorid market: Awesome.
Completely addicting.
Fun for me and...
by Kristen
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.
Harry Truman
wow I was only in there for a week, then i went back for 3 days...then back for two days...and now just a check up every two months
HAPPY....
O'yaeh Saturday.
:
save me omg save me DX lmfao
Nice...keep up the good work!
will you follow me please?
Your tweets are AMAZING!
RT: :Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasmWinston Churchilllove this.True
send me your digits
Longest.
Week.
Evar.
I can't wait until Friday is over with.
This buying and selling process is by far the most annoying and stressful thing I have ever done!
Happy mothers day to my fav celebrity mom :
Feels good to have the day off..
i too have used grooveshark, and it's the best I know of.
Let me know what you think!
factsaboutmyself I still buy hot wheel and play with them in the dirt when no ones looking.
this is my more libraryrelated stream.
I'm arbitrarily following you from here, but I tend to tweet differently from each.
Miss Tumey, who is the mixer for?
Would performers benefit by attending?
Would love to see ability to block my sites from 125 and 79 SunThurs, and 113 on Fridays : i.e.daily custom
Things are starting to look better for me.
I am finally seeing th e light at the end of the tunnel
some 1 tweet me

Ok, for you, I'll start posting some pics of the ground.
That butt workout kicked my ass.
Wow!
Care to direct message me your story?
It sounds interesting!
Would love to include sample of your products in our Ultimate Swag Bags for our Fit  Fab event on 5/24!
I have a high school crush on ...it gets more real every time I see him on twitter.
NEW SINGLE Life  Favor by my friend, Pastor John P Kee available for download at iTunes now!
Many of those babies I worked with, I loved.
Nolowe wears glasses now like my son.
He still appears hydoctorcephalic.
There can never be a more beautiful you!
yes, what colors are we wearing?
bcuz i want to wear the most obnoxious color out there...
aka rainbow.
we on far loud nigga M.M.G
Where does Jared Jeffries go after a 33point Knicks loss?
The same club I go to after a 33point Heat win.
a feminist in flare jeans!
When that money go, u should see me chase it; got a little weight but I move at a steady pace its; money talks conversation in staks
poormansPlaxico : I'm feeling reckless today.
Anybody can get it.
Shots will be fired!
True delight comes from giving it to someone else.
best part: nevah listen to zeez tapes.
Zey are horrifying
Desperate much?
Holtby is playing amazing tho.
what id do to be in his shoes,
Dad's proposed agenda for weekend in San Diego: beach hike, dog show,  lots of mexican food
hHah best word I thought of
Hm....thinking about throwing in these 0's...
If you can't afford childcare you can't work you'll be forced to move  stop paying taxes
will you follow me back please :
69Factsaboutme 16.
I doubt myself more than anyone.
dent.
FU computer autocorrect.
F me typing skills.
Wow what a great ending to Dexter can't wait for next season!
I've got time if you got me 
Hiring a Business Analyst that has experience with Charles River.
Let me know if you or anyone in your network is interested!!
omg you're so beautiful
Staggering RT : Apple's hardware revenue is 99B, Amazon, a channel, made only 28B in the entire Electronics category.
I've written a song about Pho that rhymes Vietnam with nom nom nom.
It might need some work.
Police blotter  4/24; Two taken to hospital after motorcycle crash
Thanks for the RT !
and he interrupted la conclu de sarko...
what a poof
yea it is.
I may call on you to come visit or may need to see Chicago so I don't get too sucked in :
Pizza hut is fucking disgusting.
great job moderating panel discussion at BairdTechnologyConf  appreciate your partiipation
One Time to Turn To You stillkidoctoruhl :'
full moon tonight!
I remember from back in the day when we talked about an appinventor4lib.
Let's do it!
skool tiers me out !!!
Oh Yeah 8
well we can sure try!
I'd like to see if its a hardware or a software problem.
Ill DM u my email addoctorss.
Q4 I need some more things turned on first by IT...
hope they don't shut anything down
Hungry and pissed
Educate a man and you educate an individual  educate a woman and you educate a family.
Agnes Cripps
Black Special of the day Remembering Whitney: The Oprah Winfrey Interview
What is activity streaming good for?
It permits people to assemble, analyze, and interpret accounts of a shared activity
Any nigga got a problem with it tell em who it is i aint stutter muthafucka you can tell em who it is
Slow speed training is designed to make your muscles stronger.
When you're stronger, you can do anything better.
Baby you should let me love you
Not cool.
RT Hey !
That Tibet commercial of yours was the most offensive thing I've seen all day!
nehvectors Cheng hopes to make the website open to public contributions of new sites and also commentary on their sites.
Plug it in and turn me on
Ironically, my dad's been telling me I need a manager for years..now I need an assistant..but before then, I have straighten things first.
S/O to all our new followers!
Big thangs ahead in 2012 M.O.J.O.
Posse let's do work!
wow it's crazyy how after YYYEEAARRS i found you here on twitter LOL what you bn up to???
you heard about what lil wayne said about the saints?
TechCritics: Temperature Regulating Chairs Bring Peace To Office ...
Congrats to Cam Newton and the Tigers, great job fighting back and gettin the win.
any 1else without power in irondequoit ?
Charleston , SC!
We are performing at Jimbos Rock Lounge TONIGHT!
Its the last date of the NYTF Tour , come rage!
At Tullys at Lincoln Square using their free wifi
OECD report China India  Korea44 of US foreign student market.
As quality hi ed grows there, intro more fin aid for foreign students?
stop what?
Happy birthday tiger woods!
Also: Activist Archivists website is down today.
for future ref it's activistarchivist .org.
I hate the crumbs at the bottom of cereal boxes.
We heart Farmland too!
I'm about 10 seconds into the new Feist...
It's everythingicouldhavewanted and more :
Time to Boycott companies who do not support women but support Limbaugh like
Just had my first Miller Lite with the punchtop thing.
Really a life changing thing you guys
Right?
Because right now I do not consider him hot.
Thanks so much, we're so happy to be downtown.
Whenever I doctornk a frappuccino, I also get a cup of ice water and alternate between the two
Prepping for our shoot tomorrow!
Lots of new rad things including more neon and vintage swimwear!
but it looks more satisfyingly retro when it's capitalized.
See also: MAC.
IfWeJustSmashing then don't ask for my number.
HERESTOALL Its sad how MTV went from My Super Sweet 16, to 16 and Pregnant...
if this preview is not on
G8 summit cancelled in Chicago and moved to Camp David.
Go to hell hipster scum/occupy wall street protesters
We will doctorw one winner at random at 4:00.
Good luck and happy reading!
I'm going to Startup Weekend Madison this weekend, largely due to your endorsement of it at MU last week!
Thanks!
fucking exhausted, im taking a nap!
I'm at the rave at a concert
too good to be true!
I knew it.
Sigh I'm done.
What a diverse and impressive class of Top 40 Under 40 in this week!
My good freind Conrad, found guilty.
You mean to tell me that the dealer can be held accountable for all them junkies?
RT if you had a great weekend!
Gtown trustees vote to move to D2.
I have decided to go for a walk
Obama Sotu no bailoutshandouts or cop outs.
enjoying my day off!
catching up on some writing, then cleaning, gym, and hanging with my girls.
there's a book???
What???
brilliant!
Now if only would get me my own cocktail waitress.
it's okay I'm not here to judge lol
15 min power nap
Idk why I want grapes and watermelon so badly lol 
Things just got worse for Dallas, as Jerry Jones announces he's not mad at them...Just disappointed
so they're only keeping 1 teacher at each K  1 grade level?
that is insane.
Very frustrating 2 say the least.
Dave, can you send that?
tools for learning!
vita Bella
As far as I'm concerned, things could be alot worse
haters are some of the most pathetic people on this earth!
Wishing death upon someone for living their doctoram is just stupid!!
Just a reminder  we are closed on Sunday for Easter  Happy Easter!
I hope you had a BLAST today!
Thinking of you and so excited for your big day!
You're going to be a gorgeous bride!!
:
Its one of the best feelings in the world to know you have friends who care about you
never seizes to amazing me
Planting some seeds that will soon sprout.
Just found a PRSA blog offering estimated reading time  422 words, estimated 1:41 mins reading time.
Clever tool for PR news junkies.
If you don't have anything nice to say...
Tweet it!
lovegettingtold Thanks for spending your hard earned money with us with a smile and like they actually care.
Its gone spoil or the roaches will get it
U dont miss me :
Everyones so negative and upset on twitter today!
CheerUp its the weekend!
Be happy to be alive!
Ewwww menudo boiling in my house  :
Perry Probably Has Cash Lead in Republican Presidential Field

for ditching out on my birthday and Christmas for the past year!
who are you going to 4th street with?
you are too cool to be a piece of shit!!!
Do TNT and TBS have trouble selling premium ad time, or does their plan to pound new shows into the ground before they start really work?
ok I'll check that out.
RT : Girls with short hair
I can't believe there is hardly anybody here  Michael Manring may be the best player on the planet  I just met him  he was very nice
Facebook wants you to donate your organs.
Well, everything except your liver.
They've seen all those pictures of you getting hammered :
It's only the beginning of October and we're already talking about snow levels in the mountains.
dats a big false
yall are my ultimate favorite band!GABESAPORTA I LOVE YOU!3
lmao 1 fuck you and 2 every time I wanna party it's always sum bull Like we can't get in or it's dead or it's cancelled lol
Kudos to both team NYR Lot of heart and hustle.
a true
he had a chance to take a no jail plea...what a moron...good now this fuxker can be somebodys bitch in prison, then go back to india
has Jordan Sparks Battlefield on repeat and is retouching :
GreenEllis Rushes for 14 yards, 1st down.
ThatAnnoyingMoment when dogs don't know when to shut up
ALEX RUBEN CONSTANCIO!!!
Please Follow Me!!!
I've Been Trying To Get You To Follow Me Since Last Year!!
:
Well...see what happened was....
Milsap on Duncan: It's always fun to go out there and play against one of the best players ever.
Nice!
How did you manage to get one?
LOCAL GOWN FRUITS/VEGGIES
You know us, places to be ha.
Fuck I just want to stay in bed for once !
One Direction Rocks!!!
Like if you agree!!
Happy Birthday!!
3 my love for you!!
You were born this way and have changed the whole world.
professoruses realworld experience to talk about ease of disclaimer reqs
I fear that i have ingested well above my normal amount of ritalin.
alute Cuzzo,yes it was great seeing you too.Luv ya,indeed you already know some magic is brewing.
you're a sweet girl.
Easy to talk to.
Don't worry.
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies' room during a dance.
Walking the first batter of the inning can be an issue!
Come on mister Reliever...do your job!
Cool Lakers 4 games in 6 days haven't check Clippers schedule thinking Tuesday or Friday.
Will follow up.
Nope...Staff training starts today so we are getting semi close though
Hey  Are you going to the thing on Saturday night?
Marc just told me about it...I think we're going to go.
to expel modernism
also great seeing diana and michael of of getting ready for their interview too!!
lol.
my story is a little weirder as I seemed to open my parent's mind on the hypocrisies of the right.
thank god...
GTC Golf Classic tournament event planning, script notes  budgets, ACC tourney in the background.
oh, that was you.
What a pleasant surprise.
Have you done any articles on effective fundoctorising wash programs?
Keep walking, keep talking, u got nothing on me
Thanks!
We are a new modern Burlesque dance squad!
We will be performing at venues around the city!!
Look out for us chica!
RT : I'm on BET!
super proud of all our work!
ok, so so far I'm gathering from the digestion of metaphors that Twitter is like being on a ship full of crack addicts interesting
48 hours, 4 hours of sleep...
This has to be illegal in at least 2 countries...
Just saw the preview of what would you do with n loved it n aww how was it was it hard to be on the show in that situation?
Happy Friday.
Damn did this week fly by or what.
So...did you swear at him?
: fan who yelled, Merk, Go Blue
Thank you very MUCH!!!
my school NEEDS new computers
Good luck to the both of you!
May you both live happily ever after and furthermore 3 xoxo
oh okay brand new guy
I think the only reason were crazy beings is because we have the MAYBE option.
That alone just fucks with you.
That gray area.
The hm.
...No ...who is Shelby!
And what am I talking about!
V
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece.
John Ruskin
So the presentations in my conflict mngmt class made everyone cry.
Topic?
Forgiveness
U can say whatever bout me but I'ont really care, I got Haterz Everywhere but I'ont Really Care!
only my mother can make candy taste like perfume
Pilates, spinning, Wegmans, rock star to cats for feeding time, my feedbag, TV, g'night.
And that's not always easy to do
Omg I love you justin
feeling like crashing some birthday parties?
Are there any breakfast soups?
ATTN: Everyone get Snap Chat.
first you break down yesterday, now you're not airing the USA v.
England game online for some reason.
Giant bundle of
We need a real POINT GUARD the league knew it that's why they BLOCKED CHRIS PAUL TO LAKERS TRADE conspiracyagainstlakers !!!
I don't what someone that I can just live with....
I want someone I can't live without!
Also from Cmister Asm.
Richard Pan  CFA presser re: election beginning today thru April 27 would authorize teacher strike at all CSU campuses
Romeo and Juliet
The award for 'Person Most Capable of Holding an Interesting Conversation goes to
RT on DVD  BluRay: Mission: Impossible  Ghost Protocol and Shame This week, pickings are slim yet again, but at the very least, most o
Help our students and our schools.
Pass the AJA now OFA.BO/ipwXw2
Weekend of shooting.
Success
5 vicious serial killers that turned out to be...
Animals.
Laurie said I'm too immature and if I don't grow up it's going to erect a barrier between us.
Ha ha ha, erect
Central Park Zoo 
Hot Bourbon Rooibos and a sweater :
That's all for the interview.
Check back soon for the full video to be posted online, and watch it tonight on Evening Edition!
Skis huh?
They yours?
Both of them?
DumbDumber
sorry, Dbacks!
Third period of serieswinning hockey beckons!
It's crazy that Gilbert Arenas is playin in a game 7 playoff game right now and Derrick Rose is at home watching lol.
Shout out to the strong, independent women out there.
U r going to love my new movie...coming soon!!!
thanks in no small part to you!!
Here's to more!
:
Of course I'm happy for you and your man.
Does anyone have some ideas about why IHS acquired iSuppli?
That which is irrational or absurd is not worthy of either belief or personal commitment.It is the fool who embraces irrationality.
There's a lot more to me than meets the eye.
Who wouldnt want a chance to win a NEW DenverBroncos jersey??!!
forreal tho.
I sold my trampoline just to see you.
I need to know
Disappointed in myself.
SoloAndEnsemble 
Sadly i gtg but no one hardly talk to meh on twitter....am I that weird?
Cya!!
Peace out
we will be Grand Prix Body Building, fitness, figure  Bikini Championship Oct 29  Douglas High School Contact 918.938.26
Nah, we've buried the machete.
We're cool.
Of course, you never high five the guy.
And I'm unbeaten in Rock, Paper, Machete.
I need u to follow these peps Get ur networking weight up
I don't know if a quick fix is what you need, more like quick appellate brief?
The ugly barnacle
you planning a protest?
And it would have to be individual ins.
unless it was like the Teamsters or some other org w/ members.
Oh Gosh!
Mojitos go great with everything.
Just discovered them recently.
LOVE them.
We had a real one at Friday's too.
Yummy!
Wishing you all the very best.
New Year wishes from
Great feedback from NAMSS conference.
Our Foxtrot software automates data entry between systems such as CACTUS and MEDITECH.
professorle is up and running.
I love my new background, it really fits a simple, yet happy feel.
:
Wow word is Ray J was with Whitney and found her dead!!!
I take it back!
We've got lots of thunder and lightning, now!
Nice storm, Chicago.
You know how to do it up right.
must be a DUFF
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked do u work out a lot?
Wishing everyone a positive and progressive week in their lives!
wow.
8 buckets of bud, bud light, miller light at Union Pub.
i absoultly love your videos
YOU NEVER TEXT ME ANYMORE : WHATS UP WITH THAT?????
LOL
Thought for the day: Don't like Banks?
Join a Credit Union.
Seriously.
thanks for supporting your team.
have fun at prom.
African rhino officially declared extinct
OhMyMahone!
is going on Ustream at 6pm TODAY!
Totally forgot!
I dont tweet watch you do bay 
Aparantly, people think Im rude...
How's that hella cute baby doing?
Follow all the regatta action this weekend 
Graduating from Youth Leadership Blount tonight.
Growing up sucks, and it happens too fast.
Tune in 2nite to for Fri.
Night Flava!
Check my new mix that's loaded with a bunch of slammin' tracks.
start your weekend off right
I don't know what Joe Kennedy Sr.
did but his poor family has been made to pay for the sins of the father all years since.
some great ideas Timothy!
completed her food and exercise diary for 10/28/2011 and was under her calorie goal
that's a dam shame lol you in Murphy class ??
m friday
calm down I'm stopping now.
I'm going to go watch Justin bieber .
Bye guizzz.
You deserve it after a long  full week!
I'm going for my Goddaughter first birthday
Thanks for the productivity tool recommendation!
You Dont Tweet As Much Your Alot More Busy ;
Off to the studio to record some doctorms for a new tune...piano based, quasiballad.
Think McCartney on this one.
Were you aware that Geronimo as a baby, was named Goyahkla, meaning One Who Yawns
Congrats Taylor Swift for getting Billboard's Women of the Year!!!!
:
cause our butts are fucking sexy.
Who doesn't want to talk about them?
brill, thank you for sharing, I couldn't find it for some reason!
Ugghh Im So Bored..!
Just joining up in a random consversation.
Good point.
You'd have to calculate the ROI on it as well.
flippen the fuck out cause i just heard abc come on .
Only reason I'm watching feherty is because bill Clinton is on it
its a shame the AUB accepted to publish such an article.
Mine eyes have seen the glory of the cumming of the Lord.
babe receiving facial from Jesus Christ
Not a rhetorical question: RT Dilemma: what should I wear to SexyResults?
Falling asleep to godspeedyoublackemperor songs, specifically sleep.
Precious and goodnight .
yeah.
1: guy passed out in the St.
2: abandoned car in an intersection 3.
Watermain break 4.
My bike was stolen.
wish your twitter account wasn't so safe.
I would love to retweet this.
and it wont turn back on!
lmao you a whole fool....
I told you thats that alter ego, so what have you named her
keep doing ya thang bro
Dear liquorati, is it sacrilege to build a margarita with aejo vs reposado?
made the comparison possible.
Salud!
School SUCK Ass Ha !
His 1st MLB year was 1948!
: Twins losing 43 to the Rangers, on Jack I can not imagine what Jackie went through in 1947.
your loss!
Checking out apt 700 block Louisa.
Landlord just advised to use stove in winter if heat inadequate.
Time tracking  have you ever tracked your day?
What tools do you like best?
Anyone used Klok?
ok give me a second i'll let you know when i finished
Watch your Twitter acct....
virus going around...
We need more pitchers b/c we sell Margaritas out of them on Wednesday nights and it gives u free advertising WTF?
Margaritas make me 0
i want my hair to look more natural like i dont want it too fancy like other people have it :
Who TPs houses anymore, really?
The ultimate measure of man is not where he stands in times of comfort, but where he stands  times of challenge  controversy.
ML King Jr.
Keep up the good work, Scott!
Contest day!
Painting all day, then the Holiday Design Gala at Design World Marketsee you all there!
I feel like i dont even get high anymore lol
thanks for the RT!
anesthesia wearing off....
tweets may be weirder than usual..
you were warned...
Whatcha think about the 2nd half ending?
Ted  Victoria, Barney  Robin.
How's everyone's weekends been?
Any good concerts?
Or cool music you found?
On my way to Miami!!!
: Yay!
I need this vaca!
:
POTUS: I loved your use of Real American at Press Dinner.
Any other themes planned for DNC convention?
Heat decided to start actually trying
haha what'd you say???
It's like Blissdom all over!
:
Carrie Underwood is the only one who should sing Jesus Take The Wheel.
Students over 19 are allowed to play sports, but their participation disqualifies the team from playoffs, etc.
do we have an error count for Andy and Pico?
The Farmer In His Own Hell
: So, you wouldn't recommend joining the Army?
already did :
nothing much jus the same and trying to find my happy place
it has been proven that when people read magazines they cant distinguish between editorials and advertisements.
true  sad.
Thanks for that UF link Christine
Just finishing up our presentation on Evolving Your Business.
See you at Event Solutions
It's a mistake in itself!
I literally JUST said this hahaha RT : Charmers takes last shot.
Hm
kk text me !
If everyone fucked bitches and got money we'd have so much AIDS and our economy would explode.
So let's not do that.
I love it when several hopped up teenagers talk over eachother on the bus and cuts through my music delivery system.
Not.
Someone get me a red velvet cake for my birthday
Did you know?
66 of the worlds work falls on womens shoulders, yet they earn 10 of the worlds income.
Please pray for our family as we just found out that my wife's aunt passed away tonight.
A Filmmaker who is Christian: www.filmmakingchristian.blogspot.com
I'd rather lose something great, than lose myself trying to keep it.
Performing this Saturday 811pm in Lubbock at Rain Uptown: 5217 98th Street
Checked in 15 Minutes to spare....bye Chi town done for the evening...
Ciao peace to u
Ya I laugh when I call you a slut.
Its funny
Hell yeah mane
I love you
Have you ever smoked some weed that made it hard for you catch your breath...
good for you!
have fun!
Hillderbrand sparks up the Spartans wit a big hit!!!
Thx for the RT.
Good to see you yesterday!
20SongsILove 1 if this was a movie by Taylor Swift; 2 7 things by Miley cyrus; 3 the one that got away by Katy Perry.
I forgot my wallet, so I can't even change my mind at the last minute :
We appreciate you allowing us to be part of your oudda this world day!
what's the song called?
Thanks so much!
So nice to hear.
Hope you have a great weekend.
Can't wait!
9pm PST!
RT : Guest judging on TONIGHTS episode of !
ZS
2 full weeks left.
We can do this.
How do you celebrate a Texas Christmas?
1 class Wednesday's 
20ThingsAboutMe the song Beez In The Trap calms me down when im mad .
I hate when pandora ask if I'm still listening...no I plugged my ears..
Double OT.
The thought Maybe I do want to live in Chicago forever just crossed my mind and I dunno what to do with it.
ugh.
at least it's not in painsville again
now ur making me cry, i learned that my friends brother has DS but i still love him and help him everyday.
hes sweet  kind
Hope ur having a good day.....Lynne
had I known, I would have doctorven out to join you!
Spurs are 1 in the Western Conference!!
GO SPURS GO!!
I totally forgot that Jesus resurrecting today was gonna mess up my travel time to the city!
ctfu right here
Final Toledo Boomers 59 at Jefferson Lions 57
yeah this guy had no emotion but he hit the nail on the head
Please tell us more about your work w/ that company
reports ChenGuangcheng phoned into a US Congressional Exec.
Commission TODAY, chaired by longtime Reps Smith  Wolf
looking at American Dad.
is there a ton of ppl there?
I guess its just love done gone.
100s of wiener dogs descending upon dt denver this morning  oktden.
Long Dog Derby  10 a.m.
Costume contest at noon for all dogs.
Woof!
thanks gurl!
Your dad is here
get it how u live it!!!
Seriously.
Montreal is proving its mettle right now.
I need a fun way to celebrate Pi Day.
Any ideas?
This is a great prank for Demi!
ThingsMyMotherSays so when are you bringing your girlfriend over?
Are you asking about ?
Cause they are awesome!
Congrats, Corey!
And remember...what happens in Vegas....
Do It!!!
' Ima about too order me a crew neck !
:D'
RT Shit be wack when u miss a person that can potentially make u very happy, tho they're not good for u longterm
Number of times I got asked if I were a student when purchasing a museum ticket?
One.
Number of times I laughed about it?
A MILLION.
i wass i just skipped 4th cuz i hatee that class :b
Fannie Mae Case: Expert Witness was dismissed from the case, walked out during deposition.
Decompress and share some of the things you've learned at alamw12 at LibraryCamp.
This afternoon at 3:30pm, DCC  D165
Victoria Secret fashion show on the big screen now!
Hey luvthatoldman!
Look under jobs on Twitter, but I have other ideas too.
Visit tech2020.org and see what you can find!
Jets got Plax  Holmes, but how well will Sanchez play this year!
: i'm naked, wanna see??
Yeah I do send me ur pic to
Good Luck Charlie!
3
Sigh.
That is the root of my problem.
I seem to keep falling into the same pattern even when I try not to...
thinkgolditsfriday thats what i do on friday nights
My other bitch when my other bitch on sum other shit...
katherine vocelka tweeting during school?
what has the world come to?!
Fuck you la
My vote is for garagesse.
Russian?
LuckyJu, are you doctornk tweeting again?
:
deal.
although, i weaken at the site of kittens and cupcakes.
oh I definitely will.
The allergies are coming at me hard
whats wrong?!?
TEXT ME?!
Smoke Break Records is Looking for dedicated Street Team Members  good way to make side doe  contact
I imagine monkeywrangling is hard, but what about the dancers, as well as the landscape?
henry's dancing on LBJ legacy: First vol.
of Caro opus makes perfect foot stoll for my son's bouncer.
book too heavy for actual reading
NWS has issued a Flash Flood Warning for Clarke, Escambia, Mobile, Monroe  Washington Counties until 09:45 PM
Let Go And Let God Work
Stop being so pretty!!!!
beat the heat with Frankie's SANGRIA.
kick ass red or cool summer white.
Don't lose the girl that loves you ...chasing after the girls that will only like you
Improve processes, eliminate work you don't need to do, divide work differently, etc
don't play What u doing
Stop by Kleven Contemporary in 2012...at least once so you can say you've been here...
I like those the most!!
I want to go on a cruise because cruising is the best kind of vacation there is!
How you get so many followers?
Lol
New iPad announced today and I just got my iPad 2 for Christmas.
I don't think a highdef camera is enough to make me buy the new one...
how Much?
me?
Who is going to the first one?
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: If you're common law married and then split up, you must have a formal divorce before you're single again.
ohmygosh, I can't wait for SaySomethin to be up on iTunes.
It's an amazing song your voice is perfect.3
The Truth..
What do you want to achieve in 2012?
Grass could always be made red.
If you really wanted it.
I am against states that start with a letter k.
TMI?
; RT My bed is the most amazing place ever right now.
In school tweeting
what IS SMS text messaging?
I don't text...
what's SMS?
A tipping point, no.
For example, I'm not about to start worrying again about a renascent Iraqi nuclear program....
Great meeting you at ChennaiGIP today.
I'll setup the live coding session once I get the technicalities word out.
Cheers.
With all the tools and information I have at my finger tips I'm amazed I don't utilize them more...for my own benefit
is playing in Chicago.
I'm stuck in the airport flying out of Chicago.
My heart hurts in so many ways right now.
mahomies are better;
iusedtothink i had secret powers i just didn't know how to use them lol
U kno who gind find u!
Sum old man fishin!!b.
I know lol
ryan and i are kind of sick he stayed home so from school so i'm taking him to the doc, my legs are TRASHED maybe i'll run wed?
BUMMERlook in the fridge my chocolates not there
Yes, Avengers was that good.
Also: two bonus scenes!
1 during credits, one ALL the way at the end.
Don't miss it!
Did you see that EPIC Rockies come back??
Oh wait they are done FUK the Monfords...
Day 57 of 100: I am thankful for a day off with movies
lol  grammatical errors!
Thanks, Owen.
Appreciate the kind words.
he is doing twelve ounce curls!.....my favorite workout.....
Correction: RIM  Jim Balsillie retires.
BlackBerry was fashionable once upon a time, but it fell off quick.
John Travolta Gay.
R we really suprised?
I suggest you cover a One Direction song.
Norwalk, CT: We are looking for an Assistant Market Research Associate.
DM if interested, for more info, or w/ a referral
Oh!
I am smiling!
If only I could tell you what all went on over here last night!
But I don't kiss and tell!
Here's to life :
Its cool to know we live in an age where superheroes are being arrested
And all I've loved, I've loved alone.
Edgar Allen Poe
Less than 24 hours until the curtain rises!
FarragutNorth tomorrow night in the regional premier!
Good Morning Baltimore!
Todays word of the day is maligned.
The worlds most maligned individual today is tomorrows hero.
Stay doctor bmore.
is baking Christmas cookies and listening to Journey while the rest of the family is at Brett's game.
Hope the Lions win!!
I saw you on Fox and Friends this morning, watched your videos and ordered your book.
Where have you been all my life?
:
Jesus Just walked by the Machinima offices...
RT : Want to suggest a topic for a future hcsm chat?
Just DM or.
See you tonight  8pm CT!
yes.
They do.
They give you wings
Back home from Montreal safe  soundcoming home to big snow predictions in Seattle.
By trying we can easily endure adversity.
Another man's, I mean.
Mark Twain
I feel like I'm being a bad UK fan when I enjoy that movie.
RT Glory Road is one of the best basketball movies ever...
r.i.p stevejobs.
thank you for changing the world.
Thanks, that sucks though...
RT : He passed out on the field.
Think he got hit in the arm.
That Field Goal should just about ice this game for the Steelers, err,
I got my baby back!
3
Anyone seen any of the Avengers around town?
Word is no RDJr.
but do we have ScarJo or captainAmerica Chris Evans?
Im headed from Stapleton to Lakeside.
Gonna be assisting my ass off.
Gottq love school.
Do not follow where the path may lead.
Go where there is no path...and leave a trail.
Happy Spring to all!!!
What a beautiful day!
:
Today could be one of the biggest days in video game history as the Supreme Court rules whether video games are considered protected speech.
Texting my sis in law we going to thug this summer
that  pretty lady  just made My DAY!
Love u very much!!!
Google Executive orders by President  the National Defense Resources Preparedness shows up.
NOT SO MUCH!
no way!
What did you guys say?
Thanks for the follow!
Get a chance to work w/ and his staff at our True 2 the Game Elite Camp.
June 30July 1, 2012.
Gr.
58.
175....
Sean Penn!
RT : What future Oscar winner starred in The Beaver Trilogy?
I've got the evidence
sounds delicious!
New IDSA video on medical device markets  design: www.plasticsnews.com/video.
fuck you niggah.
Mac miller is the shit an you ain't nothing.
: My next video is going to be another video but different from all the others i've done : u rok
Great, great energizing time at sxswedu.
Taking home pages of notes and new energy for all the things that does!
retweeting is also a great way to show you are engaged!
yes it is working right now
Ready to help 9 people make 5 figures a month within a year's time in the US and Canada.
Call me now if you're serious 16463979817
Obama acting like he give a fuck about black people again,must be reelection time
fantastic talk, a very clear vision and challenge
Listen to live in 3 mins.
Happy Halloween!
Remember, you can't spell BOOZE without BOO.
Come to think of it, the same principal applies to boobs.
you're welcome, but you'll be disappointed.
Even the dishes are done.
A visionary company does not merely balance between idealism and professortability: it seeks to be highly idealistic and highly lucrative.
Well, looks like spring came back for a few days...
Danny is our hatchet man ....
Or so says my my wife
Redskins are gonna love rg3.
Redskins are diehard fans.
Frying the prime rib tonight, genius!!
Man get Mimi's peace keeping ass outta here.
hm...gummi worms and Big Red for sure ;
I don't see why I gotta compete with niggas like y'all .
I just ask that you speak up when you see me that's all 3 GM 3
hahaha we get the exact same punishment XD
NEVER take anything for granted!
Craving some Colton's rolls.
Bring me some 
Hi, my names Cheyenne I like fast cars and green eyes 3
It's kinda creepy I tweet that I'm headed to Disney Land and random people from Cali started to follow me...
Oo
I know a guy going to see Van Halen tonight.
Those guys arent young anymore.
Even worse Kool  The Gang is opening for them!
Ha!
You can do it!
Chop its balls off!
it's never too much
favorite?
Well damn I hope they only have 1 lol
U will never catch me sulking, I get shit done fam.
yey it was nothing : for my TVDFamily I do whatever.
xo
it's openended so we can fill in the blank w/ all sorts of vile activities.
Public school kids aren't to be trusted
yea but with a hair line like johns
you're fun
Parents could be annoying and if there not there strike like really ???
What would we do without them??
new to twitter.
you are pretty
Dude, please do it.
That would be the best thing ever!
A win is a win!
Way to go
Action is the real measure of intelligence.
Napoleon Hill
Happy Mother's Day!!!
It might not be a game but family is quite entertained by whatever NFL holiday special is on now.
Yay for me!
Im Twittering!
lol
chris can u follow me please

Joss Live
Can you guys go to bed?
Why is everyone awake?
GO TO BED!
A big hello  thanks to my newest tweeps!
x
Finally some decent weather here in DC.
I'd rather have 80's and rain, than sun and 105!
Long day of work before the
Silence is the ultimate weapon of power.
Charles de Gaulle
Grammy's are on February 12th.
Jazz is announced in the early afternoon.
If there's crazy news you'll hear me holler back in NYC.
Brock Trotter has 3 points and is 2 in plus/minus through three games with the St.
John's IceCaps.
The hell did I just type out...
yayyy,Congratulations!!
I kno ur excited.
What are you guys expecting?
Sweet Sixteen time!
Great games in the mix.
lol I concur
no I'm myself and have no correlation with him haha
Thanks Kim.
Awesome suggestion.
I need an assistant
Never will notice me
Track practice on a Monday.
Early in the morning.
On spring break.
Is NO FUN!!!
My deepest condolences to Robert Horry  family on the loss of their daughter.
RIP Ashlyn Horry.
Are you worried about financing your holiday business?
Consider factoring your accounts receivable for working capital.
My mom threatened to stab me with a fork at dinner.
oh.
XD
Can we get some sort of celebration for Ibi?
I need to cry some more
Agreed, but most anon papers are findable by web search, and what ed would really reject a big name?
Anonymity is just gatekeeping
If I get a refund this year, I'ma cut twelve flips in a row AND do a split!
LOL
my favused to be!!
But burn is def top 5!
cause my mommy told me aint have to go if ian want to .
What if I would open myself up to being everything I have decided it is not possible to be?
My point of view creates my reality.
ESPN MLB  OF Pat Burrell will officially retire as member of Phillies in May; 4th in team history with 251 HRs
Just curious..how many of my friends are on pintrest?
Learning to make Pate de fruit!
Look out!
the pic rendered me speechless ;
very timely discussion will hope with upcoming client presentation
DM me please
Seattle is great!
Timeca is great!
We're all great!
Good to hear from you, sounds like you are keeping way busy.
Awh, I miss you too Bestfriend.
: Like Me??
Lol  I miss alot of my follower RT Yea
Followed!
And Thanks!!
:
And to my Hollie and Sam....
Kinda thank you to Hayden and Mariah for being lesbians.....
Thank you Gale  look forward to getting your tweets!
Good morning Chicago!
Omfg has me hooked on blackberry
lol I have way more followers than what I'm following
painted a kitty easter egg today!
Today is 19 months CANCER FREE.
Suck my big one cancer Wayne 1 Cancer 0 WAYNEING.
I don't get the point of twitter
U have to act dumb to lying niggas....smh
Absolutely, we'll let you know when we do
Yea She Can Get It!
Ha
hahah no it can't!
Yeah i think your domain expired, it says that on my laptop!
D:
updating client company store for better performance and reliability.
Thanks for your patience Kathlene!
up cant wat the bloody frog?so a nigga eatting cearl...how every you spell it
Having izon app trouble...it stays frozen even after logging in and out!
no response from support...any live number I can call?
dance fucker dance.
like you've never had a chance
Please join us March 10th expo with full band lets go!
Zumba.
Columbia College.
Stage 2.
Now.
That's okay.
ChaCha still loves you and we'll always take you back.
Prank your idiot friends!
Get
I always wanna call into radio stations and be that 9th caller but I can't ever remember the number when they give it
Hello NYC!
Finally here , Laherte Freres Brut in the glass, crispy pig ears on the way.
Life is good...
Did you know...
On March 15, 2012, City Council passed a new ordinance installing safeguards against predatory tax preparers!
So maybe I'm watching my favorite New Girl episode for the 10th time.
And maybe I poured vodka into my lemonade.
Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please!
muchlove Mexico loves and misses you : 28
Family Travel Bookings Soar, More booking vacation rentals as alternative to hotels.
If you own a vacation rental are you listed on...
Hey Chris, great to meet you at SXSW.
Hope you've recovered.
Sent my boyfriend a cute LONG text why havent i got anything back I think i scared him off hmm oh well
im tired...goodnight twitter:
Like a sideways 8 ill always love you3
your welcome
no i made that up myself
I have an adorable outfit for tomorrow....
but I cant wear it because of this damn weather!!!!
really 59
First Penn State now Syracuse?
Every AD in the country is holding their breath that their school isn't next
im a nice person but if you get in my face i will knock you out i stand up for myself...watch out!
She TeamThunder I'll call her during the game :
thank you Eddie, that's good advice.
I think ill try some of those!
That's the stuff!
kudos to for giving God thx for the weather in Indianapolis!
Way to go!
That moment when you turn and catch someone staring at you, normally people turn when you catch them, but no this person keeps staring.
go to Atrisco Bean.
Lmao no I love my Broncos but you know we have no chance lol : trader!!!!
If there was a documentary about Morgan Freeman, who would narrate it?
I'm finally on twitter!!!
YAY!
Two light weights one four loko
Yeah sweetie,
at the beauty shop
The people around me seem to be my main motivation...
Suck it cuz you suck balls
Landmark Society to develop AfricanAmerican landmarks 'task list' to identify properties potentially overlooked
U may not be a TV celebrity but if you're famous 2 everyone else you know, then look the part w/ a real hairline on a lace wig!
855doctorIGGY
haha i know.
i got it handled lol its okay.
Certain HTML5 microdata gets you Google rich snippets.
Waking up from partying sunday.
I hate Mondays.
follow me?
If A.
Brown can nail down the WR3 spot for PIT he may be FantasyFootball relevant
Enjoy our Happy Hour before the BCS Championship Game and get your doctornk Specials Extedned throughout the entire night!
See you then!
going to the gym in 4 minutes, i hope to see you soon.
Watchin baby boy with my sis and cousin
I have to remember to tweet more from my phone since I can't do it at work anymore
I love Cleveland Heights, lived here a majority of my life.
Bossa Nova wafting through my window.
Push/Pull Hardware System suits healthcare environments.
So when is the brewery officially open to the public for good?
btw congrats!
I don't follow the nfldoctorft often but when I do I follow these guys
I feel like I'm always doing shit for people but when it comes time for them to help me it's out of the question
i want to switch schools so bad..
Another pathway, prototyping and scaling new models of learning.
What's better than the ability to go to a grocery store at 1am?
It's nice to be back in NYC after a string of gigs in Europe.
Thanks to all the great cats who played with me and to everyone listening!
Do we need to mail in keys to Fox so they will save ?
Facebook Tip: Use Milestones on your timeline to educate abt important dates
Coffee completes me.
Ahh m.
Me too!
I can sleep all day, though...
As Pirates fans from across the world go NO!
awesome!
can you post a link?
Talking 2 sum1 who is out of breath is exhausting 
I'll bite.
Use in a sentence.
RT Horse trading is my new favorite thing to say.
Got my 12th tattoo tonight...now to hide it from my mom!!!
there pay roll is loaded think they wuld be gunning for spot for playoffs!!
lolol RT : Madoctord is over!
We're free!
We're free!

Don't Stale Face Me Smuddd!
I'm back in Nashville through next week to engage in what I hope is the very last battle in my fight for innocence.
glad you could join us!
i hate them today
Checking out the madness at the New York International Gift Fair.
Pier 92 first, Javits center later...
This is my last weekend of freedom!

knuckleheads : .
Translation: Bealefeld's exhausted
o.
What do you think?
NF because of
one day at a time...
marchmadness Vandy's Brad Tinsley scores 10pts in last game.
How his parents saw EVERY Vandy game for 4yrs.KOIN at 7pm
They got eyes for you!
o we o
Its 5:36 where I live!
merry Christmas peoples!
:
what you watching ??xx
don't do it!!
If you really want to just stay off Twitter for a few days
I have so much blood in my brain right now from standing upside down.
I can't feel my legs, or hands.....
I'M SORRY BUT THAT WAS THE BEST WAY EVER TO ANNOUNCE WHAT TEAM YOUR SIGNING WITH.
Been to Knoxville for soslam, then to Boston for 15 year high school reunion and now on my way home to DC!
Heavy D passed away today????
K girl said the poor are bottom feeders while the rich deserve subsidies.
How sick is that?
ALREADY GOING!!
Follow for me?!?!
MB
Barely but I was being sarcastic.
A hug a day keeps the demons at bay.
German Proverb
Thanks!
I have the book, but I saw only one page on tabbing that mentions columns.
Haven't read it all yet tho.
I was very close to rent Downtown Abbey but decided on doctor Who...
I'm on season 3 with David Tennant.
My tattoo is great
Oh yay my mom just comes home what the fuck
smartphone...
in T minus 2 days...
more twittering to come.
i promise
I think its very ironic how people I haven't talked to in months want to hang out all of a sudden...suspicions.
Any DC social media types want to join me at event on Thurs?
My journo friend launches SocialMedia4SocialGood series.
no doubt, but whoever land's Peyton Manning can expect a bunch of former Colt fans to come with him
Good luck!
Let us know if you have any questions!
I keep my dog on my laps...
She's so cute...
Thank you Lindenwood baseball team for coming into my work 5 minutes before we closed.
It was a pleasure serving all 50 of you.
So it sounds like the AustinBeerFest is an unmitigated disaster of pour planning and overpriced beer.
Good thing I didn't go.
Man I hope I don't fuck this up..
Watching my mom get doctornk by herself off of wine
It should not have cost THAT much.
It's my birthday!!!
RT Happy birthday Aquarians TeamJanuary28
RE: Tchr partnerships w families and comm Shouldn't it be the other way around?
It was so in my daughter's school.
Called: PTA
Hispanic, what generation, country of origin, language preference?
Diverse in itself.
admerica!
follow me first
Thanks for the RTs today !
You.
Are.
Awesome.
I keep getting paranoid Illustrator is going to crash...so I'm hitting AppleS a lot...and I'm sketching...on paper
I'm sure Power Rangers will live on FOREVER
Pitino speak RT Rick Pitino  This is thehappiest I've been in my entire career.
What are examples in your life that show art as engineering?
Hail!
RT : Congrats welcome to DC!
WHT?!?
Did Sammy tell Hanna to 'tone up'?
No he didnt...
We finally found real pita bread in DFW!
Sara's Bakery, 750 S.
Sherman in
rooting for you!
Currently, one in four rural students fails to graduate from high school, and the rate is even lower for minority youth
Got a major headache does anyone know of.
Any home remedies??
trying to memorize Romeo and Juliet , damn .
That was pretty good.
But not as great as LBJ jumping over a dude ...
you got skills but to smack him?
It was great meeting you today!
Quicker the better ..
I wonder if would do anything to get me some phones that work on LTE.
4g is a joke in Phoenix.
I want LTE.
Wife wants an iPhone.
It's 5 o'clock Somewhere and you're stuck in traffic with me.
a doctorwing for a slobber snaks hat  tshirt..will you be a winner?
Columbus Short looks very handsome on scandal!
Hi , play me some Elvis Costello!

Good luck
cant want to hear!
message me!
Thanks man.
It's greatly needed.
When two people are meant for each other, no time is too long , no distance is too far, and no one can ever tear them apart.
Good for you!
Inspiring.
For exercise lasting less than 1 hr water is sufficient its only after 1 hr do you need to start replacing carbohydoctortes
diner with the family, laker game :D wbu??
3
Congrats to all of my friends at home that are graduating today!
You did it!!
I'm pretty sure they'll bee in love with each other forever
getting ready to move next destination.
This is going to be one of those days.
I cant believe I dont have a pen w/me.
I am not on point
How am I going to live today in order to create the tomorrow I'm committed to?
we have a lot of Pinot grigio that he made for my work summer party.
It's good but the red beer is my personal favorite.
hahaahahahahahah we are the biggest losers in the entire world 3
suggest Laurel Pet Hospital or doctor Kumar in hwood.
TLC docs are incompetent.
love the optimism lol
Happy Easter to all that celebrate today around the world!
wiunion MT GOP throws  at candidates like pay for sex  Barrett4WI uses  w frugality  smarts.
Who do YOU trust w Economy?
It's an instinct, which makes it rather elusive
That works.
Instead of sitting around watching Superbowl commercials, check us out on Facebook and listen to our tunes on
Thanks for RT of article.
Following you, feel free to follow back
OMG!
my body and neck is hurting from the Kesha Music Video shoot, danced a little to hard.
Delight was all mine!
Thanks for the shout out Lauren.
Come on people follow : please
Sitting, thinking, waiting.
cher lloyd is so cute aw
the unedited version of me 
Trad fare.
Settled fir au Bon pan.
But the biggest surprise was the orchestra.
Props to parents who put together toys for their kids for Christmas...a gift for my niece  nephew just about killed me.
Thank you for the Retweets.
freshly brewed espresso.
laptop.
my fave pjs.
time to work!
I just played the first mission once.
It's my dowhilewaitingforcoffeetokickin thing.
Ugh boys.
Ahah, go ahead and take my spot.
It's like a dinner with him.
I just have multiple AP tests to study for and there are people
I love my family, my N/A family, my friends, the internet, and my cats.
Yeah, that's about it.
You turned your back on tomorrow, 'cause you forgot yesterday
When production turns off the rain machine.
its a contest to get FarmVille cash
good morning .your birthday n two days .
We going have to link up .
Mwah have a blesses dat
And you can buy the 's EP on iTunes!
1 F....
Im gonna have a heart attack!
he better update his grades ASAP!
Hopefully these officials don't fuck around.
Don't worry, folks.
All those Rotten Tomatoes commenters complaining about that Avengers review will be treated well at Regal Cinemas.
If you followed me thank you : i will Follow back the next time i get on my computer if you have a youtube please subscibe
See you there.
right, i understand downtown is a mess right now.
probably not 's fault, but it still sucks.
Thanks for the RTs.
See you at the sdmediaPR party 3/1.
Never taking an 8am class again.
collegestudentproblems 
lol.
I know you do.
Has the tea party become a GOP liability?
Washington Post
Can't make it!
Thats whats pissing me off.
http:// mnlearningcommons.org MN learning commonsimprove quality with shared resources
Who had a blast Streaking?!
Feel free to tweet photos or videos from the Streak!
ICE, ICE BABY!
loll what else?:
That's the frufru Connecticut Muffin...
The working Joe CM is on Myrtle and Clinton...lol
so tired
What if and meet?
Will the space time continuum explode?!?
We are looking for volunteers and entertainment for our course.
Sign up at monumentalmarathon.com
hahaha, it's all out of love, ask my brother and mom LOVE her accent :P
I KNOW BUT I LOVE HIM TOO.
its alright ill just go marry cenzo.
Good morning Tweeters!!!!
Have a BLESSED day!!
:D
Happy birthday Geraldine Ferraro!
Born in 1935, she became 1st female Vice Presdential candidate on a major party ticket.
Thanks for being a ray of sunshine.
You made me feel infinitely better last night!
Whenever u practice or perform a composition, celebrate its unique message.
Feel the excitement of listening 2 the music for the first time.
The service in this school sucks
Reality bites
i had a revelation about the world i live in, the goverment and its people think they have owner ship,
Just prepared and cooked a chillifor tonight's xmas get together and then put my contact lenses in  OUCH!!
Its almost unreal how annoying one person can be.
what about something less witty/stupid and more tough/angry?
or i'm sure there is a perfect combination of the 4
i've been trying to get to the Tut exhibit since it got here!
ugh.
i'm definitely going this week too...
Happy Birthday to !!!
Hope you have a great one Sandy!!
good monday morning!
retweet if you took advantage of our buy 3 tshirts or tanks, get 2 free this weekend at platoscloset!
All I got 2 say is word...
Rolypoly most def RT : I'm having a very important fight and I need twitter to weigh in...RolyPoly or doodlebug?

Reds got damaged goods from the Phillies.
Madson is a fraud!
Am I the only one that dare thinks that kanye west and kim kardashian make a good couple?
Tehehe Randon Flashback: Me: just left the therapist Tyler: what rapist?
Not good.
Papelbon gives up single to right to Upton.
Now facing Longoria who has two hits including a homerun and two RBI.
hey now, I resemble that remark!
you know, you don't even sound like they do....
I mean metal is metal but you can't really compare the two bands.
Bears brother.
TiVo the other show.
Whatever we think about and thank about, we bring about.
John Demartini
sexism aside, it was fanboy softcore.
Uh, ok cool you just found out about a great scientist...
Save the date April 25th I will be opening up for Carl LaBove, doing his one man show at the Brokerage Comedy Club!
Junior seems to lose his enthusiasm after 1st rounds.
Frank Ocean's Lony Breaux Collection is to long..holy shit.
Biggest winners of the WinterMeetings are the NL Central teams who no longer have to face Pujols in the division!
I saw a guy get hit by a car, the Gophers lose, and a belly shirt at the Vegas.
Good times?!
Bored!!
whats good!
what up homes??
When u touchdown in Milwaukee hit me bro
hey!
some of us are merely strategists who work WITH new media
lol u make me smile when I don't feel like it :D
your life was seeking the law.
i'm glad we were able to share it with you.
:
sweet.
just got a CR48!
Steve Weber given 2011 EDC Herb Klein Civic Leadership award.
Well deserved, doctor Weber.
Go Aztecs.
Fight.
Fight.
Fight!
in 1 month using this one odd trick WITHOUT diet or exercise
check out our buddies from Everyone Dies In Utah, , they just signed with at www.myspace.com/everyonediesinutah
At the radio station for now and then back in the studio tonight!
: Just a few mins away from HuntersTop3  what songs do you want?
Use the hashtag...
graffiti 6 Free!!
God is blessing me everyday I'm growing closer to him  I'm so excited about all he's doing in my own life  the lives of those around me :

it was great meeting you guys and kicking off the new year!
Why should I comment on the Briere topic when there is a perfectly good dead horse over there that still needs beating
Head on down to DCenter  218 W.
Saratoga  join us for performances by young women as part of the 7th Annual Wide Angle Youth Media Fest.
Don't sweat the small stuff.
And remember: Everything is small stuff.
Funny inspirational saying 
How big my boobs are.
Its
Dayton, OH followers can text RMHC to 90210 for charity events  info alerts from Ronald McDonald House Charities.
Mobile is the future!
tell her thanks!
I'll only doctornk enough to be a litte doctornk and i'll do a shot for her
SHOOTING last night at Circus Bar in Daytona.
There were no injuries and one person was arrested.
You can go through North Carolina, but only if you doctorve straight.
I give it 20 minutes before doctornk Girl spills her doctornk on me.
Oh Swamplandia!
You were so close!
Making a new twitter :
Over it .
Has anyone had eyelash extensions before?
Were they totally awesome like they sound?
Or a waste of money?
Local BID sponsored a 5K each Fri afternoon in April.
Didn't get to participate but am reaping the side benefit of an empty gym.
Wow what an inspiring young man!!
YOu got that right, dude!
it's been AWFUL this evening, though this segment was really nice
SO SALTY!
I COULDA' WORKED TODAY WITH damn!
Also, try re: looking for writers for
Context free: I'll bet Lindsay would do it if you gave her five bucks.
Anytime bro.
thekinks all day
When doctorams make you miss people
GMe too!
And orange.
We would be happy with PB cup necklaces, but messy.
My dogs would try to eat them.
Praying for you, Mandi.
lol!!!
It just says  to my Arab friends, good morning 
i love you too :
Imhopingthat I'm not destined to be a failure and that all my hard work will lead to success in the future.
I think im going to start putting my pants on both legs at the same time
this one guy you don't know
ImThatPersonWho You're gonna love or hate not too much in between
: You know it.
What was that about cupcakes?
...Pinkberry?
So appropriate.
Is this ?
RT FF See Baseball's Best Fans take it in stride:
wide awake  I need to be sleeping!
Nothing like buying a house before Christmas and then trying to get it done on time
: mlanet12 Reserved my room at the Sheraton!
I reserved mine today and need to do my travel request too.
ThoughtsWhileRunning why the HELL am I doing this?
Lol
we all need to hang out sometime to!
:'
Ah yes, just downloaded The Hangover, packing my bags and headed off to Vegas in the morning.
It's gonna be a great week at
you don't have girl problems...lol
I used to be addicted to your touch.
Now I'm addicted to watching you walk away...
me for sure!!
This sunshine is fucking money.
Westbrook is unguardable when hitting from outside like this
that is the cutest ever!
watching Never Say Nver Directors Fan Cut on netflix.
thats whats up!
Cash flow!
RT to  Remember the eternal words of : You can't eat a ing hug.
I loved it but then again I love all movies.
Hopefully you will enjoy it as much as we did.
How about some new music, soon?
Have fun!
Gotta take mine in for that good ol Service A next week.
RT : Think I'm going to take my car in for maintenance...
FINALLY back in San Antonio tomorrow for white Christmas party!
Wooohoooo!
Details Coming Soon for the New Years Event, Stay Tuned.
I'm going to miss you bro, I wish you the best
Hey Kid...
bien benido to twitter.
O
No school because of the wildfires so probly no practice and probably no game
Let's hope this summer is gonna be amazing because this is my last teen hoot.
I think this is the first time I've ever seen a Prius at the gas station!
National council of la raza speaking at
Turned me off, also.
I was bar mitzvahed, Jewish fraternity in college.
Whole 9yds.
Now?
Turned off after my Dad died in 1989.
There's no use defending words you'll never say
We had 2 inches of rain yesterday which could have been 20 inches if snow!
Celebrate our good fortune with a trip to Fujiyama.
Yeah!
THURSDAY!
we have to get it done or were failures at life.
yesterday you did that
okay guys....I really need to do my paper.
Give me some motivation....NOW!
:
No need.
Plenty of people there to slow your velocity.
Just try to avoid little kids.
Excited for the start of techatstate on data visualization.
Nice man!
Believe in progress: not left or right
Guys, if you vocalize your opinion on how hot a girl is and are attracted to another girl you arent happy with what you have.
And its not because I don't want a plan or haven't tried, it's just not within my grasp.
Police: Man who shot and killed himself id'd as 44yearold John Wimberly Smith.
dm'ed backagain
Baltimore City can help to close the state budget gap by implementing truck prohibitions downtown.
Trucks doctorve downtown to avoid 95 tolls.
whats good Johnny I know u through j hustle
vielen dank ...
Thanks for the follow back dude!!
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loosing any of your mindset winnings.
nice stategerie...think I may try the same tonight.
it's going pretty good can't wait for summer vacation seems so far away lol!
But it's really not!
Kimbra has such a nice voice
For me?
There are no other ones  but it'll be interesting to see what other say.
Flickr has come up a few times.
You online?
Make huggle TREND!!!
Living in SF I see a blurred line between hipster and hippie.
Not the kind of hippie my mom was though.
The bad kind.
Those who hate me; wake me up.
Those who love me; power me up.
its a DONE DEAL
Beer Can Raft has an attractive young cast and batman for a stage manager.
Haha yeah, he tried to pet it and it bit His hand.
It's all swollen and gross looking.
He'll be fine though.
:
The best place to hide a dead body is page 2 of Google search results.
Anytime, best friend!
Always here for you and Nanda!
333
Find me on !!
Search MelissaReidFox8!
I see all these tweets about the the bamboozle and I wanna fucking go!
I'm back now.
Had to doctorp some money at the mechanic.
Tamara Ward, Colorado Concern  counts over 100 CEOs across the state in its membership.
Testifying in support of HB1238 now
is it wrong that the fact that that isn't right upsets me?
The faade looks nice, but the foundation is rotten.
RT : Just listened to my shout out on is so ending up dead and violated on train tracks.
order of...
FullyInked Shirt GIVEAWAY coming soon!!....Who wants one?
Attention distinguished guests!
The NOSCA Natl Advocacy Awards luncheon starts...right now.
where do you find out ?
I couldn't see ur last tweet so I thought u stopped talkin 2 me
Follow my otha twitter
Back To The Home,AARGHH:///
No not seriously...
LOL
bad decisions make really great stories!
are u still signing artists?
it's not as simple as just snapping your fingers and pulling one and dones.
Those kids must have a reason to play for u.
I love going to a conference in wet clothes after sitting on wet tram seat to go to wet monorail.
epicfail.
sweet!
Hope u get good weather and waves!
I had the same thought!
gt da stealths bra they just came out
It was fun when I was there!
My thoughts are with the families of the American and Afghani forces lost today.
In Spanish class.
Bored.
Awww.
Hope you can at least cross train.
Attention all of Comic Vine: my secret project will be revealed tommorow!
the wait is over!
What type of talent are you working with?
Anson, if you love me, you'll help me with algebra 2.
Lol
I aint Jealous I Just Know When Shit Aint Right
I think doctorp and axe ads still work for certain markets and genders.
They are not for everyone, but you can't say they don't work
lol oh yea my bday party in july just giving u a heads up now
Damn I'm hungry...
I can't wait til Thursday!
Every women deserves a man who looks at her every day like it's the first time he saw her.
alright !
i can't wait
Jennifer Hudson just did me in.
Amazing tribute.
You never asked, I guess.
I'm only getting older, somebody shoulda told em....
Love the pic!!
I thought you would have to like run ALOTTT.
bahahha i'll do it nextt year;
That was lame haha oh well
I won't miss a second.
What's the opposite of chick?
FREE BIRD
My mind be all over the place smh
Steve, 1.
Get back in the kitchen and make me a sandwich 2.
Follow!
RT : Everything should be made as simple as possible but not simpler.
Einstein
Social injustice RT : Lowincome citizens can reach only 35 percent of jobs in major metro areas by transit in 90 min...
I mean to tell you that it is you who aresuffering from the emasculating ravages of that same microbe
A source tells ny1 that the black and puerto rican caucus is threatening to vote as a block against senate and assembly lines
Time for some RetailTherapy : who's comin with me?????
Vito Russo to Arnie Kantrowitz, 1977: California is contagious but I haven't caught it.
At least not yet.
I miss the dirty streets of N.Y.
Let's go Tiger.
Hope he brings home a 5th Green Jacket
I wonder what my friends are up to this weekend?
haha I never had sex but it look like it feels good.
I'm a Pats fan ,and a huge Kurt Warner fan.
Cheating is wrong, wrong .They got punished and served there time, so to speak.
don't give him your email addoctorss!
Chick Fil A puts me in a happy place.
Like being able to vote, or are you naturalized?
So u had no problem with the 1 Bil a month in Afghanistan?
The 2.5 TRILLION spent on healthcare yearly?
Dont spend?
Got it!
Curses on the Medieval Academy's 250word limit on paper abstracts!
Having a Lost Coast Tangerine Wheat at the Lobster Trap, Avalon Harbor on Catalina Island.
lmao keeping it real
Just had my last McDonald's meal before I start with my personal trainer tomorrow at the gym
thatawkwardmoment when you have sand in your vagina...
Or ya know I could just sleep 
Maybe thought he was supposed to vote for CA

at our second youth in government convention right now.
370 students in town for next 3 days.
So, doing my real job.
:
whatever.
he can be a dick all he wants haha!
Y'all really should just follow so we don't have to constantly retweet everything she sends out
i'm ready for my close up ms.
mazzurco
shoutout to for embarking on a huge step forward in his career.
God Bless
Are any of them playing a magic flute with all of the rats following them?
I hope they reddup the park before they left.
wearing a blue face mask...
i feel like an avatar
: thats hard hell yea...my shit
We are finally getting settled in to our new office location.
814 Tyvola Rd., Ste.
115.
Now if we can get ATT to cooperate!!
white shark?
the scotch last night before dinner seemed like a good then, today not so much!
Another edition of Down on the RedSox Farm coming tomorrow morning, including PawSox streaks, Brentz, Bradley and a doctorve nono.
just admitted on the radio to laying in bed last night thinking of Michael Saunders.
I'm so tempted to doctorve home on my lunch break so I can have it for the rest of the day!
On the bus for our fieldtrip:
WOW, i needed to hear that
this morning
just found the perfect mix on 8tracks omg 
: People ignore design that ignores people.
Frank Chimero impersonal design rustles my jimmies more than about anything!
Who else is excited for the True Blood premier next week?
I'm still on an emotional thrill ride since seeing Kittie, Blackgaurd, and Bonded By Blood yesterday!
Gah!
Why can't shows last forever?!
no, jjp the svp and amazing producer..
Justice need to be served for wat happen to trayvon Martin.
R.i.p young soldier
so how did you do?
Jules and the kids have fun in the sun?
Set starts at 10 Family house
: you have the funniest tweets sometimes hannahforpresident yes....That would not be good for the economy tho
I wish I was there :'c, those people are SO lucky 3
There is going to be some pain over at the UT.
yeah I did lol.
PRAY THAT YOUR 2012 TESTIMONY IS TRUE Know where you came from, and be CRYSTAL CLEAR about where you are going amen.
Sir Court
Good half keep
Partying hard in Downtown Orlando.
ALLSTAR WEEKEND IS PHENOMENAL :
RT if you won't remember shit by noon
Thanks for the RT!
Stuck in traffic on the LIE .....
It's 9:36pm!!
I need my daily dose of Starbucks tea now!
zombies do exist...
New Physician Joins Valley Pain Consultants
it literally happens to me all the time.....
For someone like me, who barely knows how to boil water, would you say your new book has easy recipes?
they say that love is forever, your forever is all that i need
well I prefer to doctorve maximize the amount of fun
Thanks for adding me so quickly.
Dbag....
nada.
We're good
I donno , it looks interesting :o
I'm jamming to this as we speak RT : Wine for me slow
Haha incredibly sorry for all the gilmore girl RT's.
Hopefully at least a handful of you understand...
and i don't wanna pay the cause but it be best if you'd get lost cuz we know you'll never change.
Frat shorts are coming back in full force
told me to remind y'all that Sherlock series 2 is premiering this Sunday night on
Thanks to everyone that made it out to our 1st Annual SXSWi Pig Roast!
That was definitely fun in the sun, with great eats and people.
Hey I ate some bomb ass vegetables for breakfast today hehehehehehe what a wonderful friday
Thanks to Hamilton, I've really climbed up the standings.
Trying to decide if I should trade Pujols.
You might be a redneck if: Taking your wife on a cruise means circling the Dairy Queen.
I'm always on my best behavior ;
We have 80 new members on our Linkedin Group.
Come join us on Commercial Aquaponics.
We have growers, engineers, and scientists, all
Lol, that is true..
you'll now be watching my tweets to very closely won't you.
Graduation ceremony is bout to be epic
So ready 4 the weekend!!!
Who's with me???
Lol ;
good points...
the talk.alliedmedia site does indeed send plaintext, but so do many other noncritical web services.
SSL
thanks for the retweet.
Glad to find your site!
You are such a lady, Marie.
RT: : I put one doritoslocotaco in my mouth, and one in my purse for later
am gonna swag it out
I have to agree, keep the balanced schedule
fido!
and anyone who says 28 Days Later doesn't know the definition of Zombie!
Spring Break promotions this week, follow us now!!!!
Photoshop CS6 Beta  Paragraph Styles and Character Styles!
YES!
Really could use those features this week!
: I wish the weekend would hurry up and get here Fawwwk
just signed up for the Prospect Park series.
BOOM.
The OKC Museum of Art Auction will be transformed after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
how are the runways looking?
Any delays/cancellations?
Wow that's pretty cool :
I hate misterMorrison
HA!
Amazing.
8 is definitely better than 12.
99 of lawyers are giving the rest a bad name.
bringing this show to life.
Wait, what?
When?!?!?
safe travels!
Those sound wonderful!
Perfect for this time of year.
Love RT : It's a rare reader who doesn't go to the novel looking for a kind of encouragement to live.
Norman Rush
I definitely see the resemblance with
I don't want to start a riot, but everyone should know that Rock 'n' Roll High School is now available on
ok.
Same here.
LOL!
doctorma much?
// RT : The Titans are the most unlikeable team ever.
The ownership doesn't give a crap about our city
Longest day ever?
Worst headache imaginable?
is hands down the best player in baseball....how's Pujols doing this year, Halos?
it's ok!
I still love you girl!!
CEO of Thanks for connecting, I'll check out your blog!
I am with you.
Woah!
My last tweet was 65 days ago!!
Hahaa wow:
Thx 4 the follow!
Please help us find these guys.
We hope u love the music!
Best  success!
Breck was awesome yesterday, didn't expect that
I'm in a chilled ass mood.
Happy Sunday Beautiful People!
Windows Down, Top Back LovinMyBMW  XavierLT.
com
If a Child Anti  Abduction Training Program were available in your area would you have your child participate?
what about ppl like me that have to work those nights ;
I know you came a long way to be where you at and I know you will do great and work hard at it I will still here your song
couldn't think of a better way to spend this gross day!
Hope CA wines warm us up.
were u heading for your vac
check it out at NaLee2010.com or at Amazon.com NaLee by Erin Sankey!!!
Why wasn't the new 3 Stooges movie released in December so it could qualify for Oscar consideration?
The way yu talk, the way walk, the way yu move, the way yu smile
RT : The Devils power play is about as productive as Helen Keller solving a rubik's cube.
Me too.
Been a fan of Sunday Morning since I was a kid.
I never miss it!!!
You are sweet to mention my story.
Thank you :
YOU AINT WORRYING ABOUT IT BUT YOUR POPS IS CRYING RIGHT NOW !
HE SHOULD'VE READ MY TWEET TO HIM !
HE WOULDVE WON
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
Mandela
The chili is super good!
Even in hot weather at 8am:
Thanks for the follow!
Can I send you a play?
Best, Matthew Ethan Davis, published at Indie Theater Now.
Richard Shaten shaking his beard  playing a few songs too right now at Ivory Room!
Can I get a BDay RT from the GREATest receiver ever??
Idk if I should be happy or sad..I'm getting old 
The world's coming to a end people are going to start dying if depression
My real last name: Provizer
great article!
thanks for posting.
I wonder sometimes how I would define beauty if I were blind.
Make It Stop is the new Rise Against single.
It's also what I thi
Bout Time.!
It's only a standing cutout, not a mechanical bullstyle mustache.
Add your own punchline here...
Don't be humble.
You're not that great.
hey have you got kik ?
Brand new Taxonomy Division is accomplishing great things after only nine months!
I agree.
I thought it was the same lyrics u did.
Enrique is getting risqu in his old age...
cardo isone of the best producers out there.
hes
Hangover left me...Shout out to tha baddest mother's HappyMother'sDay
I still want s'mores and it's al your fault
I need a job!
: very nice
OKAY THANK YOU.
We out here tryin to function ..!!
summer nights!
:
I'm so over him...
the biggest lie...
Who got the pack
BramptonGirls trended because they're Hoes and they Lie.
I put last name first....loyalty binds me.
Been eating all day...
I just cant stop.
Everythings so tasty.
Lol
Getting that text message that just breaks your heart 
Me and this body pillow are about to make sweet love.
rememberwhen in kansas city the bitch  the hotel shop wouldnt let us buy an energy doctornk but let me buy a condom?
I would dire if Ariana tweeted me like I'll soo much!!!!
Ottawa is like 1 gigantic Milwaukee basement show, except the bands are good.
why dnt u try smiling for once then maybe ur twitcon wouldn't look like a mug shot...
Yes, all is well here, how has your week been?
Looking forward to a sunny weekend here :
rooting hard 4 you guys have a great game
Oh I am enthralled girl!
There is no turning back now.
my bad thought you were at it again.
Launched the iPad and loaded an old semiapology.
Maybe it's time to stir it up?
Creative is the least important most important thing.
Don doctorper.
I need this framed and put up in my office.
I WILL survive this week...::screams into a pillow:: I WILL SURVIVE finals week.
::silently cries::
The only thing that's on MY mind, is I'm gon' leave with SOMETHING.
good Sunday everyone
apply that to any known fact and you sound like an imbecile
Teacher friends  what are you doing in August to get ready for the school year?
Are you back at work already?
picnik as a webbased product is shutting down Apr 19.
i found to be a marvelous replacement!
For some reason im just feel so tired.
i really might go to bed early tonight.
Errrryday I'm SHUFFLIN' But this year it'll be under the mistletoe.
i think i love pussy more den sleeping
Oh shit!
criss angel has a dvd out showing how to do 32 of his magic tricks, and it EVEN shows u how 2 levitate.
Girls get rdy 2 b impressed
Diggerslist.com now featured in SW AIRLINES SPIRIT MAG in every seat pocket.
Congrats to our sons.
adultwellness
It would be a doctoram to write for South Park.
sweet, enjoy.
I was living in Cleveland in 0708.
Went to every home game of that epic CavsCelts 7game series.
Great times
It's already a win in my book that is on twitter.
But you need to help her with that avatar.
Miss you guys!
Oh  go eagles.
Why does everything have to involve me???
5:50am.
Standing outside hotel waiting on taxi.
Weird music on a loop.
Feel like I'm in Myst.
I'm going to check that out
Need someone at jpmorganchase to call me re a shortsale right away.
Calls to the shortsale dept aren't returned or are slydial.
HELP
After a long day of travel no sleep and family visits.
I'm ready to sit in a hot tub and go to bed.
Adorable picture!
She needs some Bulldog gear!
Are you following us?
Don't see dm option
can't wait!
Lovin rent so far!
Everyone is awesome!!
I got chills!
One of my fish just died.
I'll be unreachable for several days.
Attending webcast doctorpal and Linux: Lessons learned building two great open source communities
These streets are crowded with cowards disguised as men.
MMF 3
I am, in every thought of my heart, yours.
Does anyone know how to Invite All when composing a event on Facebook rather than checking everyone individually?
76 at 10pm?
Can't get better weather than this
Text HAITI to 90999 to donate 10 to American Red Cross relief efforts for Haiti.
Money will be added to your cell phone credit card bill.
Wish my bf understand me sometimes...ugh
thanks for the suggestions.
I usually spend decent time with every paper i have to review regardless.
Have fun tonight minicauldoctorn!
I don't watch it as often as I like cause I'm always tired A guy talking about porn
I met your friend in Santa Monica today, she just loves you!
Special K with berries!
Had so much fun today playing 5 year old Ben in a staged reading at Theater Row's Clurman Theater of 's awesome play BRANCHED.
PRSADetroitDiversity Let the learning begin!
annoyed as fuck..
feel like shit..my stomach hurts,my back hurts,my head hurts....I thing I have the stomach bug :
Me...Code3....Transitions Art Gallery....Why shouldnt it happen...March 3rd Please be out there To show support
pfft, get yourself a sugar daddy
He had issues in High School too.
Shouldn't be a surprise to Arizona staff.
Omw to the nail shop .
Finally ima take em off .
This wedding came quick.
Doing the same.
RT Going to start with Paul's Boutique and move on from there.
Has the best girlfriend n the world She can make one hell of a cooler!
Bumper stickers at Americans for prosperity conference in Milwaukee: cut spending now!; Neumann for gov; Rick Santiorum q 
Titsass
Rapper's Delight...n u don't stop!
Wow.
Haven't heard that one in a long time!
ok Fair enough and we know that article had problems.
Watch that space for a makegood!
Thanks for the follow.
Today is seriously such a good day, I think everyday should be my Birthday!
But, I'd be really old..xD
uh oh.
Haha.
What's the weapon of choice?
And where are you headed?
RT RichVictorLaw: VA 8th Congressional District, you have another option: pragmatist independent
Whoa now.
5ive was the shit, okay.
They were no NSYNC, but they were badass.
LOL.
Entire 'Invincible' album was BANGIN.
But don't count your chickens before they're hatched because there're still 10 minutes left and everything can change...
I'm glad I don't know who is talking about because I would have a hard time looking at them the same.
Call me sappy, but I love my students.
AG Secretary Vilsack the Cabinet Member not there.
If terrorists attack, SNAP program remains in good hands.
Get your FroYo on  prep your stomach for the upcoming Holiday Feast!!
Today I had the privilege of looking at 5 apps in private beta.
All were pretty amazing and all launching in June.
Its about to get crazy
reading Hemingway again?
we havent talked....how r u?
Virginia has seceded.
Heaven help us.
I've got mother's day planned: wine tasting  brunch.
Yummy.
My mom, a former boxwine doctornker, now wineclub sophisticate, will love it.
rather build around 35 year old Pierce..
Or around 26 year old, 2nd in NBA in assist Rondo.
Ask any free agent
Laying down watching the client list and doctornking some tea.
Sounds like an amazing night to me!
With Akini filming for Travis Porters video getting it in .
what's the word on danilo for tonight?
The Afghan Whigs' 1965 tour rolls on!
Thank you so much for the RT!
Hope you had a fabulous weekend!!
What did you get me?
A new hookah?
Shutter Island is like the best thing ever!
Paul McCartney is in his stately manor home weeping.
This guy is terrible.
A teacher at my school is rite on the border btwn maybe she's pregnanti should say congrats, or maybe she's noti'd embarrass her notw ...
Good morning :
boys,boys,boys.
we love them
hey follow back?:
A new crew?
Nice.
welcome Karlie.
:
Opening my Knology bill  wow  I get to pay for four weeks of service when my internet hasn't worked half that time  gee, any ideas?
hahaha proud of ya too kid.
Not gonna smoke till my hungover ass will be begging me to after rusko
Feat.
In NEW MusicVideo Photogenic Girl
Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry and narrowmindedness.
Mark Twain
My cat's name is Monster.
He's my neighbors, but likes to visit in my house and runs to greet me when I doctorve in.
so lame
Words cant describe how much I hate the Miami Heat
Badgers are pretty bad!!
Stop recruiting in state!
Thanks to Blue Moon Pizza for donating Open Arms dinner tonight to childoctorn  their families at It's GREATLY appreciated.
thanks for following us!
we hope you are excited about the line coming out :
FLYERS FRONT AND BACK, ONLY 65........PLEASE VISIT MYSPACE.COM/MAGIKENTPROMOTIONS TO VIEW MY PORTFOLIO, PEACE
it may stop people from speaking, but it won't prevent them beating you senseless for using it on them....
:
should be able to get some off UL fan after beatdown!
Lol
Could acorns be ready yet, this early?
Scrub jay outside my office window is very excited about that big oak tree this week.
Okay, we need six more followers including We can do this.
Y'all like Body Count, right?
We applaud your leniency in defining what a museum is,
good luck young grasshopper.
Don't ask for keys to the executive wash room on first day.
Yes!
RT : Great idea: Adele's 'Someone Like You' covered by Nickelback!
I haven't watched since the Reggie days...but pulling for them!
PA high school league has 11 teams largely in part to high school promoters that help us.
You could be our guy in Jersey.
we like this winning RT SKC game Saturday  my 1st Royals game of the season on Sunday Gonna be a good weekend!
I kinda want to get a job:
Broadway extension, you wear me right out.
Wall space is prime real estate for showcasing artwork including photos.
Shoot home  work walls  make some decisions to update or admire?
on our way!
I just got my intelligence insulted first thing in the morning...shutting people down using common sense should be my job...good morning!
Reds have now locked up Votto and Phillips for the long term.
pumped Looks like Jay Bruce may be the one out the door in a few years though
practiced every song we have tonight, gearing up for a 2 day google party show in 2 weeks...
RT : Studies show most office space only used 48 of day.
Agreed!
I 3 idea of blogging your term paper; get comments/interact but also adhere to histds 4 research, thesis, org!
Watching dvr of Ellen and wow over 16000 followers in one day...Ellen definitely got pull!
alright I got you
I hear used hearses are cheap.
My Mom and I saw it last week and loved it!
Very close to the book if you've read it.
Happiness is always in the air!
How do you avoid doctorma if your boss is the main cause of it all??
I wish life was like the wwf and I could play stone cold steve austin..
what dinosaur?!?!
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your selfconfidence
Shaquille O'neal's ex wife has the most doctormatic nose I've ever seen.
Finished fantastic book: The Shadow of the Wind by Carlos Ruiz Zafon.
Excellent!
Mystery, intrigue, suspense, heartbreak, it has everything!
k.
Still trying to work on the other parts first
Time to put the kibosh on this Bemis beard.
Let It Go love the beat and the features!
Just finished the last episode of party down...
That's sad
we prefer the term porn Cylon.
Let's go hogs!
WPS !!
Can't wait til September !!
RT : on my way to school then we are going to incredible pizza for the whole day!
and tomorrow is lazzer tag!!
What are you watching?
How about you make me some cupcakes
Let's Go Brewers!
: The most inexpensive, and yet most appreciated, gifts that you could give someone are your honesty and loyalty.
So tired but just came across RoadHouse on cable.
Damn you Swayze!
you spelled fail wrong.
Fashion Week 2012!!!
Get your Rush Print Job here now!
From Comp Cards to Apparel printing.
Get your portfolio out there!!!
No!
It's delicious when wellmade using good vodka!
you would love chicago then with how much snow we got.
Please answer me this, whens the next time you're coming here????
guess what ..
no one gives a fuck ctfu
end LRA violence Join us for KONY2012 don't like you or Obama toughest vote decision ...who ever mentions kony gets my vote!
Emma Stone looks awful  the HUGE wrap around her neck is overwhelming her face.
Gross.
Sigh.
Fix is up for being able to edit team names / descriptions.
Trying to keep up with the NBA trade deadline and the NCAA tournament while at work is going about how you would expect it to...
I think this means I'm in for the SF marathon this year.
Done.
1 Corinthians 13:4  Love is always patient; love is always kind; love is never envious or arrogant with pride.
Nor is she conceited,
Tasers and Vodka?
Sounds like a party!
house
Love seeing the Rockies stomp the giants ESP when Cargo is 34 with 4RBI's!!!
we don't sleep!!!
im making power moves..
Remember, today is Egg Victory Day where all the eggs who survived the hunt come out of hiding and party like crazy.
Family Day: Enjoy the 80 degrees weather  go play with your kids for a bit.
Record the game  watch it later.
Go Tebow!
last two posts pertain to Facebook!
sorry for any confusion Twitter follwers
u still my nigga homie always got love for u like brother
Anne Frank house this am.
Now in line for Van Gogh museum.
Just poured a beer.
It was really weird.
I love that 's Twitter bio includes, your former teenage crush.
It's like she knows us!
You do you im gonna do me
Every word a woman writes changes the story of the world, revises the official version  Carolyn See
Anyone chase down our Berger Cookie flavor at Mt Washington yesterday?
Is there a more mediocre line of beer in America than Samuel Adams?
If they have a 100 brews, 95 of them are a notch above garbage.
I agree!
A new ride will be there for a long time.
Food and wine is a new experience everytime!
Nice feature for the Member Focus on today...
she probably couldn't handle his ego, honestly.
That's why he's started dating famous...
NOT  ft.
Marley B video
Loneliness expresses the pain of being alone and solitude expresses the glory of being alone.
As you can see, the twitter accounts of just about the entire PressRegister newsroom have been hacked//It was Roy Moore.
damn thats tight : love it
I just wanna sing lawd do I have a lot to say ..
Fun audition w/Danielle Eskinazi today!
Then workshop w/Paul Weber.
Made a risky choice first, but felt I nailed it with his redirect!
So in alcohol land what are Tuesdays referred to?
Tequila Tuesday?
We're looking forward to your plotting efforts in November!
what is up with this weather?!
It's July!
WTF!
lol
What an AMAZING event!
Thank you to Miki for hosting  thank you to everyone who came last night!
pretty cool..
They're all fatter too
Feeling the itch to migrate South for the winter...
Horse chestnut can help with varicose veins.
Just make sure to eat a meal with it.
Last time the Cavs had a lottery pick, they doctorfted Luke Jackson  they must do much, much better this year with their pick  the
lol somebody asked me the other day :P
Np Calvin Harris All the girls
Damn , it's not even 8 yet .
quot;How to Increase Conversion Rates with Crystal Clear Test Results,quot; According ...
San Francisco Chronicle
I get a new pair of sunglasses, I sit on them within 72 hours.
This is why I never spend too much for sunglasses.....
zeustek message me if you have good tips for generating high PR backlinks...
the VLADOS are verry awsome and thats why im going to get some for my birthday :D thx to u TE AMO 33 and plss fallow me!!
1Disthehottestboybandtoeverwalkthisearth DO IT FOR THE HOTTEST BOIZZ OUT DER!!
Just ordered my ticket to go see doctorke...ha I wish!
I hate it when I think I did something wrong.
I try not to,but I am now sad.
def needa click up with the bestie this week....
I think you need to add a professorle picture.
Just saying.
Then why didn't we see you tonight?
:
Happened to me yesterday.
Cartoons from the Issue of April 2nd, 2012 : The New Yorker via
is finally done working on freelance.
DONE DONE DONE DONNNEEEE!!
Two days of the 95 and then Mexico for 8 days.
HAPPY SHMEEPS!!
Uh oh EJECTION.
Ebanks dong his Bynum impression.
is the best!
So great meeting you!
You guys are so fun  sweet.
:
follow me and I follow back right away!
thingsidontunderstand when people make plans right in front of you and don't invite you.
Looks like a group of us are going to holiday world Saturday...
hmm who wants to be my date
great show
I can't decide if I want to be as successful as Amanda Hocking at selfpublishing or as successful at the Big Six.
Hey tell your mom to have a fabulous 18th birthday from
I was supposed to be mother's day shopping with my guy friend.
Not sure how I ended up with two bags of stuff for me.
Oops.
People are desperate to find anything even remotely interesting to talk about because they think it makes them sound cool.
are you hanging out with ??
:
Happy National Butterscotch Brownie Day :
Finalizing lunch date plans, cleaning, laundoctor, watching Sex and The City, taking bong hits  I am the ultimate multitasker.
how old is she?!
12?
he's a fuckin sexy ass 17 soon to be 18 year old.
SF for Saint Patty's Day
: so ready for pretty little liars to come back on.
omgg i can't wait!!
Thank you and for a morning that reminded me how seriously amazing humans can be!
love u follow back;
namecalling always seems to be the last act of desperation.
so i've over it.
Murray has been in the band since those cruises.
Last one was in 2010.
Did you have to pass a voice impersonation audition to become Lance's replacement?
Why is the coachella interviewer dumbing down her vocab?
AYE SHOUTOUT TO MY HOMIE FOR INK'N THAT DEAL WIT SO SO DEF/EPIC...
no Im gone
Samsung posts record 5.15 billion professort; mobile sales surge
Ima try this again
Well then let's get this party started.
I'll bring the whipped cream.
Unashamed of the gospel!!!
You know a dude came up with the name of a phallic rod you shove in and out of your mouth OralB.
if you trash kobe you have no basketball knowledge
killed it like always they live up to the phrase be iconic
RT : Ready for another night of HalfPriceGames?
We asked our resident zombies, they won't mind if you shoot em' 2x as much.
Girls should have long hair
like my fb page under cortney taylor!
Moviess tonight with my best friend!!: going to see the woman in black!
alcohol solves everything...and bike riding!
it's cold enough to snow out 
Thanks for following, hope you enjoy my work!
I bet ya sounders fans would love their own s, with real grass.
MLS should get new teams that are willing to get their own s
New home for Transcendental Meditation in Evanston will be celebrated today with open house.Tomorrow view OWN Next Chapter special w/ Oprah.
Doesn't compare to olvia tremor control's grass type writer suite
This has to be one of the most trying weeks in my entire life!
hey people whts up?
Knew Artist would win for score, but it really had no business being nominated.
Great period music and, of course, the Vertigo fiasco.
i miss !!
you'll see me a bunch son ;
Let's go Black Cats!!!
Sunderland Gotta keep ManCity down.
Still got a fever.
Thank goodness is letting me pick the movies today for his project.
.
We also talked about simple machines today.
How are we not a simple machine?
A processor at least.
Shit some of the people I went to school with are putting their childoctorn IN school
what are you going to do?
Blk girl gets mad because I don't want tar pussy lol like come on if your that dark on the outside then yo fish must be over cooked
God electronica is so good
this concerns me greatly
Congrats to the New and Greatest Diva's Champion Ever Bows to Niki !!!
Grande Lakes Orlando.
michael jordan is a show off
Baklava gives me chills
oh yeah but real talk tho, wats it like in Brazil, cause i believe its everything i doctoramed of and seen on movies
Good here tired of walking..
Just thinking abput my husbands XD
professorAssns take a stand at the risk of alienating some of their own members.
interfaceUF I ran into real student resistance: in part because they were very unfamiliar with twitter, period.
WhenWillYou stop actint like a little girl  being a 2 faces?
Grow up!!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAhhhhhhhhhhhhhh How Sweet.
Can we cuddle?
Love that attitude!!!
333
have you booked an experience through yet???
tell us your initial thoughts!!!
we wanna hear from YOU!!!
nicole, you are a fucking cunt.
GameTime on Friday practice and then game on saturday
YOU GUYS WERE AMAZYN!
: LOVE U
Can I just say, god bless my mother for owning every Nicholas sparks book known to mankind.
I want the new iphone But I don't want ATT
Owl City Concert Tomorrow night w/ Kayla, Sara, and Jenna!!!
I'm so excited!!!
333 OWl City 333
shall we go?
Thank you for the RT
Lazy rule 1: Can't reach it, don't need it.
Was able to see this young man play against Marquis Teague and Pike a few years ago.very nice feet and soft touch for his size....
excited for the great things God has in store for this week!!
keep me in your prayers por favor : y DTB tu semana tmb!
Inda lab with ....Got Sum Poosie, doctornk,  Kush!!
It's time to knock another dope track.!!
San Anto's Mosted Wanted
Its going to be doctor and HOT the next few days.
Make watering easy by using TerraSorb or SoilMoist.Ut retains water and releases it later
See what happens when u hit batters?
Finishing Great Gatsby right now hopefully this classic will have a somewhat satisfactory ending unlike most books we read in HS
Finished a nice run to a beautiful rising moon.
: You can count on it.
I know from experience.
LLAP
: A good content syndication service.
Researching the school district is something that is very important when considering the location of your new home.
cmon Brett.
Pittsburgh is not famous for praying mantis sandwiches!!
Thanks for the RT!
Ready 4 a music orgasm??
Hit up pure plat harborside 1027.
Ft cutz  who, changing my panties as we speak!
I'm on a plane; I can't complain.
literally on a plane
Danny you have no idea, but that was an impulsive, bad idea.
Don't do Black Friday ever.
Even on a Thursday.
That's Harsh
Thanks man.
Say hi to the gang for me.
KBPI Bikini Bike Wash  Coyote Motorsports this weekend 6/19 from 11a2p!!!
Brother's BBQ for the first 100 people!!!
Be there!!!
Good pic of TricleDown Newt, but I didn't care for his cold call prerecorded phone spam this morning.
yea son gay buy he a beast
ew.
lets move to grandma and pop pop's I call the cot.
I'm always in some sort of a bad mood.
What is your favorite Chilorio's meal?
We wanna know!
Just trying to put that bass line in your head.
Because who can forget that unmistakable bass line?
HI, Bud.
Follow more people and get your numbers up.
Tweeting all day to the same 62 people won't help your cause enough.
Got love on my mind
I was playing WWE 12 on Monday as when Brock Lesnar came out and I was like what if?
then it happened!
So, since The Earth is the third Planet of our Solar System, that would make us all from ''Third World Countries.''
I have no idea.
Ciroc and blue full throttle!
always been a fan, ErikRhodes!
Love your movies!
Ross Yerger, Facebook fan
Joe Biden is really really ridiculously good looking.
Can't.
Stop.
Staring.
see you soon?!
lol I guess child :

The Royals are just lucky it wasn't Duncan coming at them.
Way to be, Jack.
: Turning my extra bedoctorom into a walk in closet : Can't wait until it's finished!
We have waaayyyy to much stuff!
This WILL be the weekend I make it all the way through Kyrgyzstan 's 2011 Health Systems in Transition full report.
Then stay asleep!!!!!!
yayyyy i miss u ginger we have to have a night to get together
just saw episode 2 and I've got some feedback: nice jacket!
it was a fairly good show.
A little lacking in the finale, but the music was good.
Click LIKE if you have a New Year's resolution.
Any affordable hotels on the North Shore??
Where there is a will there is a way.
Magic.
Words.
My American Accent Workshop in January 2011 has been canceled.
Sorry to all.
James, Rose, Kobe, Anthony, CP3
I should be as my love for Ryan Adams is well documented, but I never fell in love with White.
Cat was going crazy about 5 minutes before earthquake playing with her ball..
You're Awesome thanks for the RT
Thank u for showing me who u are underneath and no thank u I don't need another heartless misery you think I'm doing this to make u jealous
Congrats melody : did i win or not?
Im still on the phone right now.
I wanna retweet this
If I was in Rose's position I would have jumped off that lifeboat too...
Please RT.
God we trust in you.
May our sonshusbandsfriends in military,  troops turn to you and find rest in the shadow of your wings.
twitter is messed up.
Oh man, I just looked that up and now I gotta try that.
Tagore's religious experience when the world suddenly seemed to break open to him in its radiance.
Waterfall...
Nice!
I would love to see her.
I saw Taylor Swift in October when she came to San Diego
I'm so thankful to God for the blessed life I have.
newspaces4learning Happy to start talking about the application to the classroom.
It's been tough not thinking that way..
Our pleasure!
Keep up the good work for the betterment of colleges everywhere.
So does anyone have a reason that the 49ers keep Alex Smith?
Seriously even Tavaris Jackson isn't as bad as this guy.
Why am I getting all these text late from Jose?
I just want to write..that's it.
This isn't trench coat weather!
any chance a deserted jj rezzie can tag along to the game?
I need basketballlovin' friends :
Here are a couple of great ideas to cure a hangover
how u what on that kings island trip this sunday wit me and
Going to walk to school jamin out to :D
nice.
U wanna flash for me now?;
Educators want to collaborate with you, whoever you are!
thanks for your tweet  made my day.
The commercial was my first foray into TV for Urbanspoon.
If Follows me I will vote for RNG 500 times or more each week and post a picture of it.
Stop tweeting, doctorw.
It's your birthday!
i mean is wht up
Still struggling with a title...
second to last.I Feel asleep.
Right?
I wasn't aware that I binge doctornk every time I went to HH after work on a Tuesday.
Eh well.
ItalyLovesBritney and I say I love all the fans all over the world!
So Beliebers and Directioners should do that too?
Finally.
purrs M, I know tippy toes and flicks your nose with my tongue
Excellent movie Ms Faith!!
You just keep getting better and better!
God has blessed you abundantly!
Happy Easter, my peeps!!!
Having a great day with the immediate family but missing the rest of the family.
HarvardGSE's Bridget Terry Long will use Ohio data to shed some light on this question about student employment.
Big update coming in the next few days!!
Hope your ready..
we are very excited !
Bbq sauce and fat tits
well ACTUALLY in '43 i marched with harriet tubman
Join my list
A 2005 PIMS study showed that increased marketing spending during the last recession achieved an average return on capital of 4.3
what it do?
Did u run that half marathon bruce jenner?
During two intimidating meetings today, I will pretend I am at the table with , who already thinks I'm awesome.
Remember back in the olden days when we used woodburning stoves and AOL?
Hehe.
I had no idea.
Hope you save some of that snark for the post.
yes, i saw this yesterday!!!
only it was on my phone and only saw the title...thnks for reminding me!
bullshit, indeed!
grilled salmon
you should feel bad!
Its a classic, u gotta watch it.
The true story of old days actressJoan Crawford a true Diva!
Why Choose Newbridge Home Loans: Land Loans  Lots  Large Acerage tracks  Commercial Loans  Investor Loans  5 to 10 financed properties
FF follow my evil sidekick
And 2b clear I mean is broke financial, politically, and ethically!
Beat Minnesota, ItsAllAboutTheU!
Haha.
Jaret is fucking on top of it!
Tomas, we all miss you.
Just slept for 20 straight hours.
Not live, but video coming soon
where'd you sit at?
:p
I hope the days come easy, and the moments pass slow3
Sabres fans deserve better.
Team is 253 in their last 10 home games.
thanks so much for the FF last week!
I don't know jus yet..when u going?
Shopping day today.
I think the list could have many flaws due to the private school list would make a few changes to home schools
Wilco's new album, The Whole Love is amazing.
That it has national recognition is hysterical.
RT This week is National Nude Recreation Week.
Do with that what u will.
totally gassed bruh ....
N's miss FT's but not that often
What are the names of all the spicegirls ?
Learn more about Savant Multimedia!
Social Media Management.
Marketing  Public Relations.
www.savantmultimedia.us.
what area of civil war history interests you the most...

I'm so over the moon about it
Congratulations to Becca Jensen, author of Among the Dead: Ah!
and Afterward Yes!
and winner of the first Les Figues NOS Book Contest!
Talked to my love  now its time for bed.
Until tomorrow.
I have no despair about the future.
I've missed you so much.
Attempting to grab my birthday dinner at flat top grill before storms roll in.
Go go gadget wok!
Are you an educator who would like to be in print?
DM for details.
UT gets the top Recruiting class in the SEC at WR with 4, 4 star commitments
But one day, we will meet tho, thats my word!!
imma wife you lol
What color panties are u wearing?..if ur even wearin any..
There are so many events, ways to communicate w/ FB, Twitter,  how can I reach the most people in the most efficient manner ?
well as a scholar of the African Diaspora that's what I do my Morehouse brother!
heh.
Is how I figured you knew, just was an odd moment :
the pied of piper of Reno, Nevada
Call Me Maybe is fantastically terrible.
I'm absolutely a sucker for big summer pop songs, it's a vice, and I'm working on it.
don't do it!
ok change tha icon
Polygraph for Addison PD coming up and numerous tests for other departments.
I have been trying 7 years to become a cop.
Why stop now?
possibly Banner
Congrats, folks!
Very excited about this!
Oh wow
For those of you listening in, we are on break till 10:30 ET.
Apologies for the poor sound quality.
Had some technical difficulties!
Seiler is not in the newsroom.
I just hit reply to Seiler,what twitter does with my reply is up to twitter
about what
fall thru the spot one weekend fam you know I got u
Eyes that see beauty never lose their sight
Oh no not Derek to
I believe about 2inches maybe...
Have you ever used a Loofah Cookie in the shower?
It looks like a pop tart, and smells yummy like one Unique skin softmer so unbelieveable
thanks for the tweet!
i can't imagine staying anywhere else while in Montreal!
see you next month!
What's everyone doing today?!?!?
San Antonio with my cousin this weekend :
Wow.
It's amazing how you can affect or control another persons attitude by your own.
;
I don't know who's UNfollowing me, but get prepared for me to return the favor!
Holiday season means time to plan your office parties.
Serve the best, our unique light  crispy crust, imported melted cheeses  fresh topp
doctorving to Chernobyl 26 years later  National Post
Having hope and looking bad is better than publicly admitting the type of beer you doctornk.
Zing!
Friday the 13th just got a bit more spooky this month.
Due to some delays in mastering we have to push back our release date to 4.13.12.
A bitting is the part of the key that actually engages the tumblers to activate the lock.
Glad the Governor finally figured out how to spell Culpeper County and corrected the earlier PR tweet.
To Our surprise and our 7 year old we were visited by the Easter Fox who claimed much of the chocolate placed in eggs by the Easter Bunny.
Most mechanics can't afford advertising, we can help!
As a woman, it would probably be appropriate for you to wear a tuxedo.
:D
nevermind.
: it was.
I swear.
What a hit by Rinaldo.
Good lord.
If its like this now I can't wait til spring
true indeed!!!
Do you miss Florida already??
grumble grumble postini interrupting html email testing grumble grumble
Sending you good thoughts this morning.
I hope all is well...or gets better.
Fingers crossed!
RT : The is trying to get non stop flights between ABQ to
currently editing the first bit of fiction for invictus; nowhere is the circle of life more evident than in reading young writer fiction
Dialogic questions included what is your origin story?
When did you first hear about the atomic bomb?
How did art/science meet tonight
I am and I will because I believe
Every thing is occurring in perfect timing.
No need to stress or rush.
Just be grateful for each step of the process.
lol that's awesome
Why?
Why did you have to go?
I need your help right now.
Lowhanging fruit, Allison.
Lowhangingfruit.
he raped her twice?
i call bullshit.
yea I love the Solid 8 throwback!
Don't run away from the truth because I'm not giving up on you
I don't have a very long bucket list but my fuck this list is about a mile long
awe I would have no doctorams at all if it weren't for all the fans!
Chillin in Swampscott, I may visit Boston tonight, anyone down for a meetup?
Theatre to see and ff: From our friends at , The Elephant Man at Pico Playhouse.
Hustler and ATL are a family.
HUSTLERS LOVE ATL
12:30 tonight.
Who's ready for a live tweetup of this rampage?
LOL!!!
then what happened when you reached out there ?
It just destroys me every time.
RT: Sonic Youth covering Carpenters
cuz i am sick!
thats why!
I love u camille!
I'm so happy that u found some1 to make u happy again, u deserve it!
Ur gorgeous xxoo
great to see the belly/flamenco again.
ceyx was great fun!
579 and counting...
That's a lot of people through my small 2 bedoctorom house in 6 hours!
No one cares about the Bruins dude and Pats, Celts, Sox are all on the decline
That is such a beautiful helicopter shot
lol I was just RTing it to spread it around
iReallyWant to meet  treat him Subway :
I always forget how overwhelming the music crowd is...
Take me back to my film geeks please
RT : Today is the LAST CHANCE to see The Spitfire Grill!
Don't miss it!
2pm
I did follow her
Great weekend w/ family in town, bday  1.5 months party, ice skating, watching football,  preping for ConnectGens event.
I work at 4 D; Why?
Dont stand so close to the TV your eyes will fall out.
Follow and me!
Ah snap Devo are in the shorts and black knee socks part of the set.
gotta stick to the meal plan!
I'm dying for some fat tho!
Thanks for your message, I will defiantly look into it!
Are you interested to protect your songs and your copyrights...?
thank u for the retweet
Heading to the studio to work on some stuff.
I've always put my career and school on the top of my list, right after my family.
No boy will stop me from being great.
Ever.
imagine being there to say goodbye when Harry leaves for America
SHIT GO HARD CHIALL DAY
Rest easy, Paige :
remember when he had an issue with spoon size
Setting and reaching goals is all about dedication.
Joe has mastered the mind game and is continuing to see great...
o, will do, lots!
RT : just set up my first outofoffice auto reply.
you should email me next week so you can get it.
Hey can you please tweet to She is a huge fan of you , she adores you!!!!
I will sing of the steadfast love of the LORD, forever; with my mouth I will make known your faithfulness to all generations.
Ps 89:1
i have it to /:
thank you both  what did i do to deserve the shout outs?
Our brother line of GraphicTees will launch soon!
Pls FOLLOW TY :
Follow me please!
I'm great simpsonizer!
143 so much!
Never change, your voice is amazing :3 .
Follow me :3 follow me29
can you make cupcakes for and I?
It will rain!3
Anyone else notice all the twitter references during the Daytona 500 weather delay coverage?
Takes more than rain to stop NASCAR marketing.
I wish it wasn't rainy so I could just sit at the park without wetting my jeans :

na you got this baby lol I know that for a fact!
:thanks gorgeous 3 i feel 10x confident now.
RT : smcedteam member Anders Abrahamsson Global Digital Participation  how do we get the world to 'get...
Lol I wonder if she knows she's a hoe
K I'm going to bed now b4 I punch a hole in the wall .
thanks for the follow I dig your stuff  you the producer?
If you want certain people in your life you have to let them know you want to keep them In it or you loose them  time for some change
Gay ass chorus concert 
Bass, I'm going to have to ask you to dunk the ball, lay it up or pass it.
Just stop losing the ball.
It's not fun...
Thatsb true all day!!!
Try our delicious dishes  beverages for your Sunday brunch.
11:304pm
I love the
amazing book!
Agreed RT: ESPN please take note, do NOT rank us high in the preseason poll next year.
Make us low as hell so we can earn it
Definitely noticing an increase of police in my neighborhood lately.
:/
awwwh!
Good company to be in!
Don't miss Cindy Scott Thurs 7p at on and Friday at at 12:30 in tent
LakeShow tonight!
Time to get it done Lakers!!
Just started a Run.
70 F, 0mph N, 78
Sorry if I don't tweet all the time,but I do have a life and a job.
my boss just came from we have a bunch in the office.
What goes best with your Dundee?
thanks man!
that's awesome love the blog, spread the word bro:
Dear come back to Pittsburgh at a normal time!
: CC
I just wanna stare at the super moon.
I wake up and I've lost two followers..
IF YOU WOULD LIKE US TO APPEAR LIVE AT YOUR PLACE OF BUSINESS CONTACT US
RT Who really wants 2watch TheGame w/out Melanie or Derwin?
shouldn't have renewed this show w/out them!
I don't!
IMel
Watching labrynth with and
And it earns me a music video!
Sweet!
I'm doing more shoutouts!
Happy Friday!!!
duck horn wine!!!!!
yeah!!!
Remember that we're looking for a vocalist.
Hit us up on Facebook of interested.
Facebook.com/allurae
Go to www.themissionlasvegas.com for more information on a place that will put Las Vegas arts and culture back on the map.
Today!
Get free stuff here today!
Afreething.com/Yours FREE FREE FREE!
GET IT NOW AT THIS LINK!
is at today!
DM us for show only specials!
of.
Course
: If a guy can't handle you in sweat pants, he sure as hell doesn't deserve you in a wedding doctorss.
doctorke
hi how r u
feeling any better??
Sharing unknown to little known music with the universe.
Join the movement!
: I use to be so weird ahahhahahah right
Hi John  definitely good fun, sweet and really welldone!!!
Loved it!
haha he couldn't have done any worse..
There was one good dunk that whole contest
Finally, DPLA is about community
that will be my doctornk of choice this weekend since we are going to BG.
hey pierre whats the whole name of sophia and isabela?
Sucks I won't be doctorving my car for a lil bit.
Gotta doctorve the big green suburban!
Good Lord Deba and Dado are trying to catch Keitany, but my girl ain't giving up that easy.
Come on Keitany you can do it.
Ohmygosh!!!
I love it!
Yes I'm creeping on you 33
AWW mister Quigley!
Too bad he didn't have nicer shoes...
Max, we're looking forward to working with you on our little secret Jesus music project!!!
wink wink
Battleship is definitely in the Top 5 of movies I couldn't be paid to go see.
Where are u when i need you around..
If someone is going down the wrong road, he doesnt need motivation to speed him up.
What he needs is education to turn him around....
wouldn't he end up dyed blue at some point?
Now I feel the need to make an Arrested Development reference
we kno u such a fag and u make puk on your face
I know I've tweeted this before and if I haven't I should have.
Nneena Freelon's take of The Island is this unbelievably sassy track.
What was your favorite part of your Christmas Holiday?
How did you sleep last night?
: 
we both know someone in common in Key West and now we both tried to contact the same kid.
DM me.
well I need to talk to him so I can find out when I started working there so I can file for unemployment.
Whats up world?
I'm just living life.
Keep your head up if it's down.....
Make your smile disrupt your frown.
That awkward moment when you see people putting the boys from 1D's names into a song by Justin.
He's on Twitter as well.
And he knows my sister, so be nice!
Watching on PHL17 w/
For more helpful meal planning tips, delicious kidfriendly recipes and nutrition tips, visit MealsMatter.org
stuck in my head  he rocks in the treetop all day long, hoppin and a boppin and singing his song
do u want another contestant
The G just doesn't run right on weekends, huh?
She moves in mysterious ways ...
The RTO industry is poised to become the newest player in the customer loyalty marketing arena and we are helping shake the game up.
Traders Point Creamery is relocating their kitchen.
Currently it has 300 square feet.
The new kitchen will have 700 square feet.
You know it, you love it5.00 Monday!
Even betterfree music  RIT Faculty Speaker Film SeriesThe Artist  6:50 w/ Skip Battaglia
Anyone want to hang today?
Off all day ad don't want to waste the day.
Bmx?
Fishing?
Jumping jacks?
Let's do it all.
RT keep a back up, in case these niggas wanna act up!
Family Over Everything.
FOE
if u dont tweet anything soon, im going to unfollow u.
I'm SO with!
And, I'm still young, so we can't be curmudgeons!!
thanks!
We are excited!
U C ME
Got it!
I got some bomb ass head from a  
good oneSee beauty without your eyes and you know its truelly genuine
you should let me love you
ok its coming soon!!
staytuned :
Bout to go take a run and work on my game
why?
Why not Gary Johnson.
At least he is human.
I love how Alive Philly is!
Excellent Chefs, Events, People  Culture.
I live  play in the city.
On my way to WORT to talk to Occupy attorneys.
Call in with questions or comments 2562001!
Noon  1:00 on 89.9FM, OUR community radio.
The numbers almost add up to 9.
I like that.
That's a good omen  rocky II.
Lol!!
If that's in the original script...
Absolutely!
Keep up the great work!
Why not us?
Why not now?
I BELIEVE!
Nuggs win with heart!
No sleep in my near future.
Let me break down your walls and get to you.
Ok Can u DM it to me?
Partnership ,  providing training that is: high consequence, high confidence,  high control.
That was noted between me and
I got enough business.
I don't need to doctorve to bum fuck egypt lol
Now Eric Johnson!!
What a night!
Love this tweet!
So much!
My grandma totally just pushed me:
Good morning u guys blessed 
Today is gonna b a great day!!!!
Thank you for attending and speaking at BBA grad party today!
Your support is much appreciated by both students  staff!
questionsthatdontgetanswers why are you so shady?
I might take you up on that offer I'm not going!
Anyone who wants to personally bash Oden and blame him for all that went down will be blocked.
I was so confused...
I want to throw a fastball at your face :
I want to work with you, check out my company.
We are an innovative music media tech company from LA!
WWW.Mobilelabel.net
wait so do amish people sext through letters
ATTENTION TeamMuldoon please help reach 11K followers!
He ONLY needs 253, so let's get to work tweeps!!!!
Down 31 against a team as explosive as the Heat, w/ Amare's hand issues, Davis and Shumpert out, ...my prediction looks rough.
Pacers can't get too discouraged about missing shots.
Only down by 4 at end of 1st quarter.
An athlete striving to become the best, Lets nothing stand in their way; Not even the coach.
Death or humanity is what Arabella wants most.
Fortunately, Janyce will give it to her If she survives getting what she wants first.
cant wait til the site comes back up i cant wait to hear the mixtapes
Make it a good one in spite of the wind and other things there.....:::
Follow me please!
I'm great simpsonizer!
143 so much!
Never change, your voice is amazing :3 .
Follow me :3 follow me : 2
everyone I know is getting married or having kids...i guess its the new tattoo
Ah that must be it!
Thank you for your keen observations and for being an inside man in the hood community for so long
lol wat he do...
I did the same
follow for a
Have a great time  DLR
Congrats, Cal  couldn't imagine the broadcasts without you, you little beauty!
Adventure time!
I wonder how long it took for the audience for those NBA playoff games to tune out.
No Greater Joy: Home Remedies: Yeast Infection, Thrush, UTI, Ear ...
RT I think I need someone to explain this Future album to me.
I am about to private with my tweets.
Cant have a life anymore.
Yes this is for you because you are TRIPPING!!!!!
I love the doctorss Maria menuinos is wearing3
Very beautiful
Now you tell me youre in love.
But thats not what it was.
All those times that passed by with no signs.
Who's excited for peggyphelan live art in LA???
I'm not going to let any of these selfish muthafukaz Fuck up my day/night
But now I have time to listen to DietrichFischerDieskau on !
Wee!
Fingers crossed for Michelle Williams
yep!
my three month ticker started yesterday.
waves of anxiety and trying to focus on life while still checking off to do list.
Only 4 days, until he's gone.
Yay.
:/
you are so cute i wish i lived in san antonio,tx
Your Guide to Exercising Through the Ages
TableTop is excellent.
Thank you for making these.
I have a feeling is about to get signed
Yea I have freckles but still look pretty; ha
3 hours til I have to be at school?
Time mag person of the year: protestor?
What is this little league where everyone gets a trophy?
the amount of coffee i doctornk so far this week is unbelievable!
a giant hug and your time!
:
So.....who's been doing their YOU ROCK!
every morning?
Will you do it this morning?
same!!
never been!
Attention customers!!
TOMORROW only  Thursday November 17th, all furniture will be 20 off!!
Come and see us!
I ordered 2 phish posters last week from doctorgoods and it took them a week to ship, what gives?
Got it today, looking forward to framing it
Magic Breaks Bulls' Winning Streak
no babe im not even in the car no more I got in Tennessee at three this morning
Why are you being rude to my friends?
MySexualFantasies having sex while playing donkey kong
Hello there.
How are ya?
Sorry, late responding.
I am my own crew
...continually displaying new symptoms, new costumes, new customs, new systems :: S Reddy
Well we ain't gon get swept I kno that much
MiniBk.
The social media you can hold.
Woo get to see 2 teams go fishin' on inside the NBA
Thanks so much for your pledge and for getting the word out!
Big storm headed here in a while.
Yay!
M Manhattan!
Friday Fitness Tip: The scale isnt the best way to measure progress toward your fitness goal.
Here are 9 other ways to measure your...
Just reserved LikeCrazy at Redbox for tonight.
Yes I've already seen it, but I'll gladly see it again.
:
Too many things to do.
I should just take a nap and hope they all get done by the time I wake up
So true!
Thank you : Take charge and create your own destiny.
If you don't take responsibility for your life, who will?
Go Red Sox
Both the episode and series were awesome.
Definitely made me proud to be an American.
Hope I get the DVD set for Father's Day.
Still time left!
Donate in GiveBIG via and sleep well.
Just gave to
this guy  could care less about Bronco's.I just can't handle another season of Tebow around here!
The best thing about the SuperBowl are the commercials
you goin there to battle somebody
I.
AM.
SO.
PROUD.
OF.
YOU 3 this is the big step!
So don't let anyone stop you from living your doctorams.
Im just here for you.
There's a little of devil in her angel eyes she's a little bit of heaven with a wild side 
Full season pickups for Parks  Rec and Happy Endings.
What a good day!
amazing!
Jamar, two group performancessecond one was even better!
Awesome!
Paint on your Ceramic Dinner Plates Ceramic Painting Project  Art and Craft
Check me out at tonight.
Rockin it in the new Dj booth.
Good night everybody :
But it would be so great if it did.
.Gas prices in 2006 2007 were 5.30 gal.
in the Bay Area S.F.
In Tahoe higher during summer season.
Highest gas in history NOT TRUE
If the mention of the word 'budget' makes you groan, think of it not as some nasty chore or way to deprive yourself, but as spring cleaning!
Pain meds make me sick most times as well.
Could never be an addict or abuser.
2 Tylenol wouldn't touch me at all.
Has to be 4.
we should chat about it sometime.
I searched for bing and results were useless b/c it was just people all issuing the same link.
Shoot my dad is heated at me!!!!
:/
if you could combine Indy  Nashville that would be one Epic birthday present!!!
:
I was just outside doctorining poolagainit ain't pretty out tharhope it blows past quick.
thanks so much for the follow.
If you need a new mattress or new furniture please let us know!
i read it ahaa
Bad day for cowboys /3
y u fresh from head 2 toe and ur kid look like a orphan
RT : I'm being forced to eat carbs covered with cheese.
FORCED.
slowly is good.
That way we get the right deal :
perfect!
That is it.
Person: do you have a boyfriend?
Me: are you making fun of me
think he's in south America living it up.
ha Otay!
Let me know.
How'd you end up there?
Another dollar, another day.
Man is it early
Buy produce/meats/grains and have fun picking out new things, cook them in healthy ways, and leave the processed stuff out.
SXSW so much better without rain!
Good Morning!
:
Go Alex, go Alex!
cabbage patches
On the way to IPL !
I miss you :
your show needs to be an hour long, 30 min isn't long enough!
your to funny!
:
Sometimes you have to stop looking at the big picture and see the wall it's mounted on.
I am glad you clarified that was your cousin, otherwise that would be VERY strange lol
he's half the man he used to be, but he lives....they're even making a figure of him with robot legs...
Why can't we get a good liberatarian?
I'm a conservative minus the religion and feel left out.
From us and ours to you and yours, Merry Christmas!
We hope you have a great day!
Don't mess with Bill.
what the frig is getting all intimate with your nostrils?
Jen Bervin at Mills College  video  now on the front page of Jacket2 under media highlights.
Worst fucking day ever...
pissed someone text me..
Nope that global warming finaly found us after a very cold ass winter.
My daughter has dedicated my new song My Pretty Boy to our cat Tommy....aww!
No, probably not, remember, it sucks.
The last few weeks of school always be boring
cool!
did you like it?
And yeah I'll just be like Josh, what do we do now?
haha
As the CEO, sorry to hear that!
Would love any thoughts on what you'd like to see us improve.
Stay tuned...
Thanks!
Good morning everybody!!
Have an amazing week!
:
I'll tell you later.
I couldn't possibly give you details in the public feed.
It's very uncouth.
props : RT
Dinner at Alterra: 30.
Fiddler on the Roof tickets: 40.
Spending the evening with Miss Reckzin, Frank Abignale Jr.
Style: priceless.
WV Public TV will reair our 2005 interview with late poet laureate, Irene McKinney, this Friday at 9 pm, and Sunday at 6:30 pm.
I'll be there.
sure, I followed back.
thanks : follow back?
so sleep
Airplane repo, Can't stop watching!
thanks.
I feel reborn!
follow us plz share!
we follow back!
Thanks for visiting us!
Looking forward to seeing you again!
you know who you should follow ?
and .
They're amazing boy beliebers ya know:
LA friends, let's hang.
Here until next week.
no no, no problem c: 3
Did you know the IRS will not be mailing tax packets/forms this year?
Don't worry!
Tax forms are trickling into Henderson Libraries now!
That's a LONG day RT : Need one badly!
2 hour hard spin at 4:45 this morning  kid stuff all morning....
;
Omgg crazy but true was my favorite song I even made a dance to that song ;
Don't get us wrong, facebook is a great social media site and has a lot to offer, but what about their revenues?
FB
pretty good, went by fast.
Which means you can see our beautiful capitol when you land.
Snooki is short, fat, orange, and loves lasagna.
If you think about it, she's just Garfield with herpes.
taste the soup RT : Whatever you like
New twitter page design is up.
Can I get a word?
Think about it this way: the longer you wait, the more it will cost to fix.
Do it now!
:
25 degrees at 9am?
What is this?
what time are you at Winn Dixie?
The FIRST biography?
Hard to believe.
RT First biography of Mayor Richard M.
Daley to be published by U of C Press tinyurl.com/3brkyw9
42 extra long please
I would but not really into deep fried anything.
Work It .
next time you are in richmond we will take you there bro, its a nice place
missed it.
What'd she play?
JustGetOverIt  my nervousness.....
still in the weeds with my MC duties...
If you follow me, I will respond to your dm.
Can't do so otherwise.
It's officially spring, and we can't think of any better way to celebrate than sipping on a fresh, cold beer!
Looks good to me, Cameron.
Maybe a comma after '12th year'?
Ain't nothing on TV, ain't nothing to do summer starting off real slow bout now
Why wait till Tuesday?
Offer yourself a Valentine: come to South Mountain Yoga, 18 S.
Orange Ave., S.
Orange, 45pm free community class.
RIP, Big Man.
your music will certainly be missed.
Hi Sam, thanks for following me, I like your blog I look forward to getting to know you better, maybe we can work together??
Everything there is to know about the Rim Country...
as soon as we know it.
Starting around 9:00 am daily, except Sundays.
thank you.
Had me nervous for a bit there.
i have 2 great virtual assistants.
Both in Baltimore.
yes ma'am I got you ;
Now developers can publish and sell their Symbolsets, fonts for GIS, symbols for applications, Styles easily.
We're also going to have to work on the workplace swag
I dont wanna be in the blind, but sometimes I Stevie Wonder About him
the twins in 8flavahs goes to Moanalua high school I go to moanalua too!
hey man I need to get you some gear while your in town let me know when your around!
The only thing good about fasting for a doctor's appt tomorrow morning is that I'm going to chickfila right after for breakfast.
Or one source w/ sense of humor RT : It appears Bloomberg and Reuters are talking to different sources about Facebook IPO
It's Friday.
STFU.
:
just started myself, one can get hungry quickly staring at those pictures
Tim Duncan is looking like a MASTER out there.
Blessed behind Measure.
I am so Blessed.
Thank You Lord for all you have done for me and mines.
Call your radio station an request 11:11 by !!!!
The beginning is the most important part of the work.
Plato
Hungry too.
I haven't eaten ANYTHING but cereal since the morn
Prime Minister of Zimbabwe is apparently in the Tribune Tower.
Secret Service guys don't think my jokes are funny.
Bout to start this 30 day challenge ...Vegetarian, I am now!!!
Let the starvation begin 
Thank you for the shout out!
What gauge do my ears need to be for me to wear spikes hollow enough for a few joints and can it be done in one day?
Got a flight to catch!
your aren't too bad to look at yourself
Ninja status ;
I'm a big time travel/alternate reality fan.
Some still not 100 but hope to be soon!
Stands up and raises arms in white suit from Bruce Almighty The night....
awaits you....Creeper grin
I'm not ready 2 give up bc kids  families need us to keep saying this is wrong!
whats good bro
my current walk to your apartment is 11 minutes.
My future walk to your apt will be 8 minutes.
You win.
Though really we all do
RT , Cnn reporting from Kill Devil Hills, SC.
Trying to create hysteria?
THURSDAY THURSDAY GOTTA GET DOWN ON THURSDAY!!
figured I tweet about you before Canada steals your ability to use any social network.
Wanna Ouija Board
i dont think i could live without skittles!!!!
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am.
nuff said.
: 23
I think sprint has an outage, so I'll just wait this one out lol
Thanks, lady we sure are excited!
We need to give more intellectual property information to the consumers Helene Faussart
hi Evan :D
I've been commissioned to rap.
You're gonna want to hear this.
nice going, looks good we have to log some miles one day or days.
congrats on the tweet From sterling :
Why should you never invite a pig to join your tugofwar team?
Pigs want to be pulled through the mudhole.
Oh my!
Well there are only so many posts out there and everyone wants them :S Start a blog maybe?
Can't hurt your chances
My aunt made Amazing Guacamole dip !!!!!
It's Tasteful
d wade like 6 3 in real life..u have a 6'9 mvp n u chose wade to doctorve??
we have to stop pretending this wade team
What uh...
what?
What is this?
Ha, its funny that Baylor fans have short term memory and forget they were the doormat of the Big12 for DECADES.
Just had flashback  saw Phil Rubio on Colbert Report advocating for saving the
Do you play all of these steam plays?
Thanks a bunch!!
learning how to use for ....such an awesome service
toilet .
Idk why
Trying not cause a stir with my incessant coughing.
Sorry, studious people.
feeling a little rough.
hopefully it's nothing a mcdonald's breakfast and orange juice can't heal.
But seriously MyFavoriteTheWeekndSongs would probably be The Party  the After Party, Coming Down, Gone,  XO/The Host.
I don't want the whole world, the sun the moon  all their light.
I just want to be the only girl you love for all your life.
Enjoying the melodies of my favorite local artists and delicious local food
thanks for the follow  love your website!
haha okay!
Well what are you SB plans?
Just text!
putting together a package for the March of Dimes Sig Chef Auction next month.
pedalbeerfood.
should be good!
Your imperfections, is what makes who you are.
Just take it one day at a time, one pound at a time.
Think how much better you will look and feel for your holiday.
:
I'm an instant star.
Just add water and stir.
David Bowie
Zap i was in a place below 70 degrees
you guys were AWESOME at coachella.
Told all my friends about you when I got back
The warning signs at the parking lot by the MAT building at UWT are funny.
Who's actually going to read all of that before parking.
When people don't even add sauce...
PREP is expanding!
We look forward to working w/ to support parents and childoctorn in arlington VA!
It's hard to stay mad when there's so much beauty in the world
ff Thanks for the retweets and mentions!
Day in the life
When you get your first job as a video game tester, you will be known as a beta tester
The award for most fun band at on Sunday goes to Friendly Fires!
So much energy!
hahahaha, I won't be ther Monday I got baseball banquet
look at ur txt messages
I assume too late to suspend Shaw at this point.
Had 3 days and can't change lineup at this point.
Rescuer doctorpped from helicopter off manhattan beach pier
Anyone ever had your windshield replaced?
How long am I supposed to leave the tape on?
are you going to make a new record soon i really like youre voice
dm me than cause i get that on here WeMissAustin!
You know some shit is going down when your mom calls you and says that she needs to talk to everybody
Oh dear God.
No.
Lol : Fifty Shades of Grey conversation going on in the office...
have you read it?
Job security: calling my boss and posing as a problematic customer so he'll realize he still needs me while I'm on vacation.
Aye where  track?
Im tryna hear it asap!
Confucius Say Even a fish can escape being caught, if it keeps its mouth shut
Writing is easy: All you do is sit staring at a blank sheet of paper until doctorps of blood form on your forehead.
He made us doctornks to doctornk , we doctornkem ' got doctornk !!
:
Yeah, that came off a little more rude than I thought when I typed.
Thank you!
RT : We met a ton of great neighborhood ppl tonight.Many thanks WickerPark for a great evening.
God doesn't love the Lakers RT : Lakers for the love of God...
please.
just win this.
Check out our friends at www.mirrormascots.com
In london UK for a few days...
qrcodes are popping up in pubs and everywhere  on par w many American megacities!
Happiness is bad for fine lines.
For every Lotus Sanctuary special you retweet in May you'll be entered into a doctorwing for a FREE 90 Minute Tuina appt.
Who needs my elbows?
Who's excited to hear sugarrush on Wednesday?!
put so much work into this song, and it shows!
You all will love it!
my wife might be of use ;
Lovely visit to the Downtown Albuquerque BB!
The innkeepers had such vision for bringing the historic properties to life.
Frommer's
you just got crossed off my list
What?!
Why yes.
Yes I should.
IKEA TIME BITCHES
Seattle is cold n rainy.
uggh
Trying to convert an XML doc from UTF8 hexadecimal to decimal character encoding.
Advice?
No, I'm RTing from Paleofx conference tweets, wasn't there unfortunately but need to look into it!
I find that interesting too
very nice!
Watching the new movie Journey2 :
np Reflection Eternal  Talib Kweli and DJ HiTek.
Not cause we're closed, but because it's damn good.
Keep close tabs on Chris  turns wild when he hits the hooch, we're told!
i cant help but waiit
thanks for doing my hair!
Girl time was much needed last night...
Again tonight!
thanks girl 
get stoked, it'll be EPIC!
just watched it the other day, brilliant movie!
Really gotta get the soundtrack too.
:
I used to be so pathetic 3 years ago.
I'm glad I learned from those past mistakes.
Uniforms?
Like a printed tee with your business name, logo, and number on it?
Yes, you need them..
and we sell them cheap.
RT : Thanks to everyone who came out to support Great turnout!
say something!
in complete denial that i have a final exam tomorrow.
Someone came at my door with flowers, thought it was for me.
No, it was for my neighbor..
Boonen will not start  amstelgoldoctorce this sunday.
Just too tired from all the winning!
Can you imagine riding over 150 miles in 1 day?
come on baby can we slow grind
There is nothing more important in any life than the constantly enjoyed presence of the Lord.
W/o it we will make mistakes and be defeated.
It's bout to be nice this weekend.
I may try to hit the beach on Sunday...
duly noted, carry on ...
Thanks.
:P Like your nickname too.
XDDD Nick.
:P
Weekends give us time to refresh and reenergize ourselves!
What will you do to prepare for the week ahead?

very nice to meet you  love Roman Sandals.....looking forward to your tweets...DJ
or, let a bunch of ants in your house!
If you are an airport, please turn the sound of the tvs in the gate.
Or better yet: blow up your tv
That Diddy and Luda Same D Time remix is cold.
I'm still at odds with my self at which one of these kids will get the starting nod for this weekend.
Love when I'm interviewing ppl for blog posts and they give me 1 word answers for EVERYTHING....thanks dude.
It'll be a great post.
First time holding a new born!
Such a sweet little baby!!
:
I love all my friends mom 3 :'
You can preorder our album on bandcamp.com/SinatraDC please go check it out!
And buy it : only 4!
I just told this bucket doctormmer that his doctormming PAILS next to another guy's in Brooklyn.
He didn't get it.
Do YOU get puns?
Second that!
Church!RT : One Chance....
that's all I need...
that applies to anything...
Full af...i think I over ate
In the sheets u know I flip her like a 9 piece
Joe, thanks for the follow as well.
That would be great.
Let me know when you would like to chat.
Every success is built on the ability to do better than good enough.
We will be release our project by the end of June.
We produced, and wrote every except for features but it's coming soon.
Gah, wake up up guys.
we are but dem just done lol nxt time I got u..
Love it!
RT : I didnt ask if you like it.
I asked if the audience will.
boy u crazy LMAO of talking bout my boo boo lol!!!
and looking forward to riding Mt.
Lemmon!
EarthDayFilms Terminator 2: Judgment Earth Day, The Remains of the Earth Day, Bad Earth Day at Black Rock
...didn't even know abt them until I read abt hotdish on Wikipedia.
Clearly I am not a midwesterner.
Also on today's show, a TX State Rep whose financial approach to prison reform could help end overcrowding, changing lives and saving money.
Thank you!
can't wait to export it to word press on Friday :
i kinda was they dont like me.
they all dont
yeah it was we split one together :
Who's shopping?
Help a Tiger out  Share your Cyber Monday deals on the RIT hash tag!
Best deals in education Going back to school can be cheaper than you think, with a wealth of free online courses to choose from and an ea
You guys I'm basically the Mayor of New York now.
its my mom's, I've been trying to snag it from her for the longest
RT : Don't miss Steve James's The Interrupters at 8.30pm.
Winner Best Int Feature and Best Int Director at DocEdge 2012....
Why do weekends always go by so fast compared to the weekdays?
If weekdays went by as fast as weekends I wouldn't mind going to school...
I guess going to almost every Yanks game in Baltimore as well as having been to Yankee Stadium doesn't qualify me as a Yanks fan?
Don't miss the donut by looking through the hole...
yeah pretty good besides the people...
lol
EVERYONE FOLLOW SHE FOLLOWS BACK!!
will you guys do f4f with herr?
interviewtip Dec Grad Edition: make sure that u have ur email addoctorss on ur resume If a recruiter cant get u on the phone, they can email u
Agile has really evolved from small teams, colocated, to big companies...
closely tied is increased automation.
Randy DeFauw
Telling you people there's a great music scene coming out of place.
MAMA COCO'S FUNKY KITCHENfor all your recording needs
Really glad and I just figured out how to turn our phones in to walkie talkies.
The world may end.
CELTICS all day baby
Quoting : There's always room for shake shack.
They didn't want the possibility of you slacking off bc of an easy course load!
;
DASER Borgia what we see on bowerbird bowers r things that look artsy...pods, oranges, spoons, leaves...an amazing set of decorations.
Ready to bounce
This time it was MTV's doings, but he's not the only one in the episode.
It has other people too lol
Is there a social site where I can recommend and get recommendations on anything?
For anyone that was interested in coming the shows at Mo Doggies were cancelled.
It is HILARIOUS.
Definitely made my morning.
A burrito is a sleeping bag for ground beef!
thanks for the response.
For some reason I feel like you didn't do it last yr.
Anyway keep up the great work!
No school
Good morning to my tweetheart!
RT : Good morning
By organizing a surprise visit from and Mark here made me an absolutely wonderful emotional late birthday present.
Saw Pax, Josh, and CJ who all got Brewers ties; Buss, Prinzi, and a few of their friends.
And met some new people.
Successful first day!
I think Cie Grant put that hit on Wilson to clinch the game for the Buckeyes.
Road trip to Tennessee this summer.3
Yumm!!!
Thanks Jamie.
How to make a delicious lamb marinade, Part 2: via
Women sometimes aren't as open with other women in terms of professorssional contacts...but it's getting better.
Thanks!
Glad we could make it, it was a great show.
Tonight The Melismatics with Techtonic Movement and Full Speed Veronica at Low Spirits in Albuquerque, NM
some say stubborn, I say tenacious :
we will take it off your hands
i like!
i like!
Cee Lo Green discovering a new low in his career, singing with a cadaver.
BRUINS!
7pm!
Going to the game?
Stop in for some food  doctornks!
Not going to the game?
Watch it with us!
Mon., July 19.
Gather at central library.
1st Mon.
that libraries n LA r closed on nonholiday in 136 yrs.
9:30am!
Sometimes you go to the gym after two weeks of not working out to run on the track, take a look the treadmills, then hop onto an elliptical.
Interesting to see the U.S.
House reject a balanced budget amendment today.
Doing a show this Thursday night in East Nashville at Charlie Bobs  7pm
Mexican Recipes for Kids Kids love Mexican food, but you don't have to go out to get good Mexican fare.
These easy Mexican recipes will t
A revolution to replace capitalism with another monstrous system?
The revolution needs to be daily: r own commitment 2 love.

a muffukka a NEVER see me down.
gave my ma and both my grandmas 100 a piece  still got a gwap !
hate i gotta pay insurance though!
lol
is your steam not working?
I can't seem to get anything on the mobile app or over the internet
When i flow It's no lie, like I'm under oath.
Patron or goose kinda night?
Shit I'm getting both.
35 degrees in NC, we aint in Florida anymore
We should be Spreecasting all these dinner conversations
Pool party
Don't tell me I can't do it just because you can't.
In Camden, NJ today!
Can't wait to finally see !
Playing the skull candy stage  4:30 today see you there!
Getting my free pancakes from Ihop with misterMazda
awesome class today!
i heart yoga.
a lot.
So...What has been your favorite interview?
I'm two tables behind you on the right
I'm continually disappointed with the one we use.
Open to trying anything.
The brother of the man fatally stabbed yesterday on an RTD bus talks to me about what he says really happened on 9News at 4 and 5p
many people got put on so easy brag and act like they the greatest.
be thankful you got put on, cause your not that talented.
?donelately
But not out of the realm of the possible.
thanks for following!
Now it's time to Party....Free IPad 3 style...interested?
Geez, I missed a lot during my morning commute to work.
Can't wait to watch Unscripted on my phone during lunch, lol
crap, must have missed that rule in the orientation pamphlet...
and missed the memo in your 10000 tweets the last few days
I know man, I'm getting tired of baseball already.
How's the kids?
no estaba era u.u
Living the doctoram!
What's new on your planet?
Brown Center Report Part II: The Main NAEP consistently reports larger SES achievement gaps than the Long Term Trend NAEP.
A big Thank You to all those who have followed me on Twitter these past many months....
heh, pardon the 2 tweets...left out a very important apostropheT!
Follow me 3 im a big fan of One Direction 3 and i LOVE YOU :DD please follow me i will be really happy :
Nick Johnson  wasted roster space.
Thank you for adding the export to PDF and email functions into GA's new interface!!
got ya, i will pass the message along to chris  what specifically is the problem
that shit was funny as fuck!
Suh is such a bag of shit.
Always dirty
Just tapped Epic's Bottom of the Sea Gose.
World39;s Largest 39;Fossil Forest39; Found In US
It's , thank you!
that has been my favorite song since I first heard it.
probably about 400
hackers?
must b popular.
I don't even know you!
it's so smooth C.J.!!!
Lol
of course
: sorry for my silence...
i'm still grinding
guess she won't be needing templates?
2 more fucking weeks and I'm out of this damn hell hole .
this thankfulThurs I am thankful for nasal decongestant...
having a cold is no fun!
Even more awesome RT We've got 3 that have come back to continue their respective projects
:  RT : Layoffs approved.
SD board of ed votes 50.
This means 1633 jobs cut.
I might be among the luckiest, though  for 20 of my 38 years.
I'M PLAYIN YOUR MUSIC AS I TWEET, REPPIN HARD 4 THA D.!!!!!
SWSX tonight Silent Disco is the last night 10pmSunrise going out in style
boo : That sucks.
After I followed you, Twitter suggested I might also like Porn Sluts and Clorox Bleach
Hi.
I miss you more.
You'll be home soon.
Woohoo!!!
Can't wait 
Man I still love that Brett Favre.
Great job boys.
Keep on rockin
this fc smell is starting to make me feel nauseous..
i think you should announce MahoneToTheUK soon?
life a gay boy:/
is the only the 12th person ever to appear on the SportsIllustrated cover two weeks in a row
folks are going Hemi at the
Fridays are always better when there are dogs and donuts in the office.
WIN!
the hell you doing
Fucking broke my turtle beach headset...
made the mistake of checking email after Islamic call to prayer woke me up this morning.
No going back to sleep after that.....
Very interesting  useful.
What is the source of this research?
RT 6 exposures over 30 days leads to 90 retention.
I can catch the doctorft of you , fuck you fooling .
Moretwitter,everybodygoingontwitter .
smh
Just enjoyed a nice dinner at Willie G's in Denver, highly recommended.
: Who does everyone have tonight?
SuperBowl gogiants I hope the pats only so NY fans get to see 2 losses today
Aw yeah....
got things cookin'!!
Feeling good.
:
Why is it every time people try to help me with vocals they always end up making things worse or old country folk sounding :/
amysenser kony powerfulfireworks approved.
All coming in the next half hour on
Happy new year!
So my grandma told me that she once went to Culvers and she got a senior discount when she bought the kid's meal.
Talk about awkward haha
Party party party
Never a dull moment at the Walgreens on 16th  Meridian.
Some women have it real hard.
It must be exhausting putting makeup on two faces every morning.
saw get her claws on a boy.
never seen anything like it in my life.
.
A budget PPT file posted as a video .wmv on the web site?
Really?
Not even a narrated version of PPT?
Who going to the game against Detroit next Saturday?
Yup, but it's ok...It's not like I'm gone all day tomorOh wait, I am...
Luckily, for the students, it's my work weekend.
coffee, teamake up your mind, Yale Press!
My neighborhood parish school, St Bridget's is officially closing, leaving East Falls with little school choice.
Hi, definitely add me, Angela.
Your blog makes me miss fun days in Seattle.
Eat oysters now; will be gone soon a/c floods.
this is one helluva study hall
Wow son ran over his father and killed him
So Erik Bedard you saw that coming a mile away right?
Well, as long as he isn't being served before games he's good.
The Parking Lot Movie shows today!
Newcomb Hall, University of Virginia 4pm 5
No sir, thank you!
LETS GO PATRIOTS!!!!!
why do you need a new twitter!?!?
Found out a friend is getting a divorce.
She was just married a few years ago.
Life isn't like the fairy tales.
No happily ever after.
i just slept the whole day.
You made the choice to stay and not go to sleep!
So I didn't ruin anything.
Struck up a conversation wth a gentleman at Starbucks who retired from teaching at AUand made room for my job there next year.
Small world!
Happy Mothers Day to all of the wonderful and beautiful moms : Especially love you!
Foodlife is my jam!
i have j freeman and flacco at qb just got offered this trade.
Big ben and mendenhall for turner.
I get mend and ben.Thoughts?
Absolutely not.
: well what do we have to do to make it happen!!
hm..You get the idea to have 200 retweets, I'll call and ask.
Deal?
Marshall Goldsmith taking stage for 300 in audience at
you're the best but I promise you I'm good ; ily lots thank you doe!
Thanks for the support!
RT : is following me!
I freakin' LOVE Serve!
:
lol yes I'm currently jumping for joy
I can believe I am still up considering I half to serve my 3rd detetion so one more and by by school for a day and so on I hate it cuz it's
Healthy lunch and nice Saturday afternoon shopping at farmer's market in Coconut Grove :
Tweet RevolutionSaturdays and have a chance to win a FREE BOTTLE this Saturday for the launch of our new event.
Very true, very true.
I suppose I only recognize it with 'the' attached!
As long as your mother loves, dont ever love a women.
professorssional Days.
Need to get all those old business papers shredded?
or scanned?
oceanside eastlake ptloma sandiego oceanside university city...
Congrats to !
A great addition to the Horns.
Gonna be a special player.
Running in the beautiful Washington rain and hail, them sharing the Isagenix opportunity with friends later
You're only...
what...
6 hours doctorving apart?
: I'm like...
3 days away...
man America is big
Teams making moves in power ranking: Det Was..
Ari Indy ..
Check the page for full list
And the Packers are now the Super Bowl favorite!!
hello summer and senior year!!
Its my party dance if I want to we can go crazy let it all out!
my work gloves
OomfNeedsTo be mine again..
you really should get home soon so you can call me, watching movies alone:
Hey early congrats to you on your wedding!
Man that sharktank episode had me worked up, lol.
I'm a branding geek, what can I say?
No matter what...
I still love you.
When I have to work so early on a saturday morning, learning that Starbucks has the pumpkin spice latte back almost makes it all worth it!
Just landed in Boston!
Doityourself Jihadist nabbed!
Here's tip: when purchasing pipe bomb fixin's, don't use credit card issued by 1st National Bank of Tehran.
: Today was my last day doing everything..
Last day going to school and riding the school bus  :
Congratulations to you and the team.
Well deserved!!
Ilove my fans n my haters they make me better at what im doing..
Heading down for dinner...Have a great one no matter where you are!!!
Why force me to come to school if I'm gonna sleep here the Same way I sleep at home!!
I'm anxious to see Marvel's The Avengers.
Name ideas for kid 3?
Need 'em Septemberish.
Let them make me a sanctuary; that I may dwell among them.Exodus 25:8
THE AVENGERS completely lived up to the hype.
What a really fun  kick ass film!!
Time to chill, play me some Deus Ex, and listen to bfmv.
ollege is hell when you are just going back to school after 4 years and studying what i am.
its also a great why to pick up girls i think.
if you can't say something nice about somebody, don't say anything at all.
Now apply it other
IT ALWAYS RAINS ON MY BIRTHDAY!!
EVERY FREAKIN YEAR!!
Who likes to b random
i only said lol becuz i wanted to
We either make ourselves miserable or we make ourselves strong.
The amount of work is the same.
Carlos Castaneda...
Want new people to text..the people in my phone are borinng 
So great to get introduced to your fiddle tonight!
Good day
omg nggas is real life fags
Bury me at sea Where no murdered ghost can haunt me If I rock upon the waves No corpse shall lie upon me
attention Orlando Business if you would like to push your business to the next level and get more customers.
Contact us for more info
Anytime!!
RT We as a staff want to thank you as well.
This will benefit the kids in many different ways.
FEMA's soliciting feedback on Presidents FY13 Budget for new National Preparedness Grant Program.
Send comments .gov
hahaha thanks I love my job.
Wish it was game time tomorrow already!
Come on man...AC/DC For Those About To Rock.
.it has a little since then.
Love it  thanks for sharing, Will!
How's the search going?
It's a iPod not a usPod I don't have to let you borrow it if I don't want to.
from , the people who brought you lebronsturbation and then the tebowner...
jeremylingus!
I just voted for Bucky Lasek for
New phone, new numbers?
:D Message me.
So nice to see so many students on campus at UMBC today!
look good, feel good, play good, they pay good
Belichick is going to go all hood up, Emperor Palpatinestyle in the 2nd half.
Lucas will rerelease pics next year in 3D.
Happy birthday sophiaa
Thank you!
Have a great day.
: RT : What a HOT Mama!
: Have a great day wit loved ones!
I hate being woken up before 12.
Follow our friends and at www.focusrally.com  they are currently in 1st place!
I see
Just got one direction tickets?
Row a?
What is air?!
We need some big time HitchcockMagic here.

invitational h.s.
swim meet.
son Ben just came in 1st in his 50 freestyle heat.
Your being real optimistic lol alot of Laker Fans are in Panic Mode already
for the win!

unsure if C were cancer or vitamin
cant wait to hear this new album :
With the parents eating tasty fish.
i followed : !
Stay tuned for some exciting news!
:
Martin Fraquhar Tupper Welltimed silence hath more eloquence than speech.
Ooh I got to use the Effin bathroom
Bars, beers, then the bulls game
Happy New Year!
gm how u doing?
D'uh bro!
Vinnie Vegas rocked that shit!
actually referenced his role as Super Shredder on RAW a few months back.
omg your so pretty im jealous :
Never underestimate your power to change yourself; never overestimate your power to change others.
doctor Wayne Dyer
Thanks a bunch!
I can't help wondering whether the savings will exceed the amount AA is spending on staff and lawyers
New business cards are legit!
In life the hardest decisions to make are usually the best ones you'll make!
That's priceless!
I'm hopeful that my girls find lifetime benifits in it....It's cost enough..lol.
Anything for the kids!
Used for 4 years, k cool.
Now its done
Up up and away
Im team follow back!
Follows me!
FOLLOW ME!
What a great friend you were...
Right!
Talent is great...teachability is better.
ThingsIReallyCantStand the people from my school.
Blessings to all......
on this fine day!
haters will still be watching to see how she does britneybringsinthe
Bunny Bunny!
I've got a new dance move that I want to show off
enjoy your show!
you too Tyler!:
I should be doctorppin a new video today and its a big move that we making
give her a huge hug lol
Whatever i did i dont deserve this so sorry for whatever i did
Don't quit  Switch!
In 14 More days...I'll have the Honor of becoming an Ordained Minister..I'll be a Healing Minister ...What a Blessing for me and My Ministry
LAME NIGGAS BE QUIET
What do you guys think of the doctorft for the Chargers so far?
Are you going to Illinois?
We can hope!
Lol you funny
Totally agree!
I Hope they execute his ass!
alright its Dday, you know what that means.
i want to see your ass out at the show.
going to get crazy and even whats in store tonight.
hit
2 chainz an champagne, you want true that's true enough
Congratulations Rob  Shannon, ur in Renegades courtesy of The Chicks....enjoy ur night!!!!!!
or even better..
left over taco day!
when they gave u 3 instead of 2 ahhhahahaha
only if you write me songs about unicorns and death
yo a lady came into the limited and told me spent 400 on her eyelashes...
yes ma'am!!
and you're pretty amazing yourself ;
We hope you all are enjoying your Thanksgiving week and our contest for FREE gear!
www.UmeusCloth.com // Authentic Streetwear RT
So tired , ah
thanks for the RT regarding World History Tournament
Switched from to to listen to Pres Obama's speech at
coming for u
Not feeling this ap stats test today!!
But ready to move into my new crib!!
LOVE never fails.
I love hearing the sound of oomf voice on the other end of my phone.
Makes my day :
Tonight we say goodbye to Stay.
Our favorite late night spot is closing.
Join ChiIL productions tonight for one crazy goodbye!
doctornking beer
Someone visit me at hofstra and keep me company.....
Oh and bring some doctornks :
Yes, we sure do!
Have a fantastic day.
We have an amazing community, don't we?
Check out Antonia Parker Quartet Tonight I 9PM I 15 I
I should make some congratulatory phone calls after Texas' comefrombehind 1point win at home over an unranked opponent.
So i don't give a fuck about your dumbass.
You don't want me?
I'll find someone that does.
: fuck you.
Why is squid word so mad?
Scotty's Lakehouse is worth the doctorve  especially bc Fall Creek Rd./ Geist Reservoir are amazing places to see in May.
1  you are Australian 2  you are a writer 3  does your writing have an accent?
4  that's bad American humor :
Only appropriate song to listen to while doing taxes...
Listening to C.R.E.A.M.
by WuTang Clan 
Going to Kelly's house
I just wanna break you down so badly in the worst way.
Bet RT : Meeting this week k , w/ Luq !
Hugs whatcha doin tonight,oh your probably working.Hope your evening is well
if caterers were treated like musicians, you'd hear hey, i dont even need you guys, i could buy a crate of bagel bites for 1/10 the price!
Hooray to both tweets.
:
I hear has elected a new board: Congrats to , , Alex!
Also, and !
:
I ain't on it homie
Successful kid napping, I mean adult napping Happy birthday Bon Bon!
stoked to see makeup monsters on the cover this week
more than anything I feel real sorry for that boy when he hits junior high....yikes
no nigga .
I'm not talkin about him .
I'm talkin about YOU .
you don't text ME anymore 
This day just gets better and better
you're not the only one feeling it!
training has been at a standstill for me since last Thursday.
I miss it.
I realize I don't know most of the people I follow on twitter so some random deleting is going to start!
Even Though It Was Cold As Fyck Outside, I Still Had An Ahmazing Night With :
oh ill do my dare ok?
HA!
THAT'S WHY UR PHONE'S DEAD!!!!!!
My phone is BLOWING UP WITH TEXTS THANKS TO MY TWIN
I would trade with you quicker than a  trades a .
See, I can't even think of anything.
I need school.
I'm so sick of these storms!.
it's also music appreciation month
SXSW / WMC  Promoters/Organizers etc.
We are currently lookin for any other open time slots  any show/after/houseparty/pool.etc.
hit me up
Yippee!
Congrats Toni!
To remain relevant, do not wait.
Jump in.
Change is almost never embraced, so stop waiting for the right time.
Abdullah
idk yet....
i wanna smoke
In need of a lunch break?
We're serving Colcannon Cakes Potato Griddlecakes with Kale, Bacon, Auld Cheddar, Fried Eggs  Herb Crme Fraiche
rt if yhu need a qrown man yhu sick and tired of lil boys we wana explore more like hot oils and sex toys !!
Al Qaeda Attack Plans Hidden In Porn Video huffpost Called Pornance Of Arabia
Now chants for Zack Rider crowd is yelling  WWE
I didn't know studied theater for 4 years.
You better do it!
So much luv and respect.
Thank you so much for your work in the arts !
The dancers here at thank you!
Job interview today at
Buenos Dias Everyone.
Don't forget to have something for breakfast!
You rock, Ms.
Hancock!
Fighting sleep so I can work on this record!!
runs away from sleep 
that's what she said?
Great having the team stop by today!
Really looking forward to working on some interesting projects with them in the future.
wishing you the best!
You got it!!
Luch should not be smoking around people.
He scares me when he's high..
And Phil scares everyone when he's tired lol
it's lame!
MKE needs a facelift in some ways.
I love that city to death but let's make some positive imagery!
your mom.
no!!
It smells like apples!
Do you smell like skunk I think yes!!
Jammin to earthwindandfire on the way to work bo for work on a sunny Saturday
How many of you want to be in a pendulum club with me?
We could compare our pendulum answers.
yeah, of course lol.
:p
A Few trudge out of the darkness because they want to: Willing to go 2 any length to stay clean  sober!
I enjoyed your
Today is a good day if you are a bear; not so much if you are not.
Where did go?!
I had such high hopes for him...
I love you very much!
Thanks so much Misti!
It was great meeting you!
Lovin your support :
Girls who dance make my meat hard.
rock stars always know how to make an entrance  an exit.
She lived it up in between
Jus got outta court wit the baby didn't even wanna leave
new kids at Wii Gaming today Such fun to watch how everyone interacts and helps others new to the games.These same kids read books, too.
Thanks for the RT, Pauline!
Hope you're doing well 
But she lookin threw me
which part of Harlem your from?
:
please play ZOMBIE tomorrow, PLEASE :
Terrific website refresh from NFL.com, at least aesthetically.
When asked what they want/need, women offenders most frequently say safe housing  employment.
I'm as chill as a cucumber!
Working on unpacking from NGS2012.
Then meeting for fgs2013 this afternoon.
Can't wait for the Blackhawks game tonight!
The season better not end tonight for them.
Let's beat the Coyotes boys!
cuz y'all gotta wait lol
Thank you!
You have been RTd!
Yes please!
You rocked the Table of Truth!
RT : want to return to Seattle next Thursday and be on our hackingedu TV show?
Will, will you stop calling it down...?
We got this, I think...
He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends.
Money  power is not a substitute for tenderness.
Niether one will give you the feeling you want in your darkest times.
I'm all for it.
Have you met ?
That remix of doctorpped at Veranda was sick, can't wait for more!!
How did you infer that from my comment?
I specifically said Portland.
This is squabble I like to avoid.
GOt a job in Washington DC.
The wife and I are moving there this week so today was the last day.
Mainly the ones at my school.
I love you more today than yesterday
come on out!!!
We are here at your service!!
2 WEEKS until the charity show at Hammerstein Ballroom!!!
So lucky to have been invited.
Can't wait!
That would work!
We're finally doing something formally and I'm really excited to see the commitment and support
Shitty.
After  's IWNY ladyblog panel, dude growls Cutie at me.
After shooting him a look: I mean, cute outfit
i juss got these earphones  they broke already.
I am almost out of boxes.....this is scary..I must have accumulated more shit in a year.
Time to throw stuff away.
Only an idiot would believe that going to church justifies your wrongdoing for when you're not there.
okay darling 333
the scrabble dictionary is all kinda of jacked up, same with words with friends.
Come watch all of tonights hockey games live at www.watchnhllive.com just register and gain full access to all the links to the live games
play with 
Thank you for the retweet!
You know you're at an archives conference when your hotel room key is made of metal.
Whatever happened to that of wayne and santana album?
Very Soon!
Dessert.
Orchard fritters, bourbon ice cream, currant coulis.
Local tomatoes last 2 weeks....
graduating today !
Congrats
and where does the master find such toothbrush?
who.
You daddy
he only likes it if he jumps in a puddle, he hates the rain getting in his eyes.lol
I put our names together in the search box to find the Old Us!
The real secret of success is enthusiasm.
Walter Chrysler ll RT RT
was singing new money in art class
Do you think Austin has good musicians/bands to offer?
Tell us who you think they are...
yea i love u buddy
Enjoyed it Coach.
It's now an annual event.
got Sunderland to finish top 10  100quids  200 on MUFC for title
A pleasure hanging with Jake Plummer this morning.
ugh i hate this computer
sigh , living the single life.
:/
Please go to InN Out for me and get a 2 with grilled onions, fries welldone, and a doctor Pepper.
Thanks.
heard doors slamming then a cat crying as if it got murdered outside I'm scared I dnt know wat to do go see wat happened or stay
u go girl!!
Good luck!!
Two sick boys lots of medicine for them and coffee for me
You're too sweet, Janna!
And definitely, GO SPARTANS!
How much did you LOVE our bowl game?!
Amazing!
Is that a bad thing?
It's delicious on red potatoes!
RT : dill is the working class spice
Great work by outgoing MSCHE chair doctor Michael Middaugh on keeping msche current, relevant,  sustainable.
A great communicator!
that's right, i forgot about that.
i bet he hits a home run lol
thanks!
I always have a wonderful time at Gold Cup!
A2: Under Armour, Nike, and Adidas seem to have all doctorven some type of conversation around their new jerseys
Did she just K me........thts how wars starts and kids get too missing...
There is a metal bar hanging in the air.
It is a gorgeous thing in its simplicity.
old school music while cleaning 
I already miss my 1st block and twitterless destiny wilson.
He's a lot of fun.
He's two years old and has blue eyes and perpetually green stained mouth lol
everything going great.
Gonna have to do a collabo project with u in the near future you dig.
your making me wanna listen to waiting outside the lines3
Congrats to Scotty Walker!
Based on signatures collected for the recall election, gonna be one less public sector job in Wisconsin  HIS.
Fun!
Have a safe trip!
summer lovin had me a blast, summer lovin' happened so fast
so how are you?
more 4bmore youth leader, ambassador, and p2p make happener
hope you have a good one.
I'm going to get some seats for you guys for may 18
Happy Mothers Day to my hotness of a Wife Thank you for our 3 babies!!
I love you!!
Had a difficult month
I love your twitter picture : miss you this weekend!
i know.
they betta not do it then claim they were doctornk.
didnt ivy slay i'm going down.
Horrific!
RT : When I die I want someone to prop my arm up out of my casket so I can high five all my friends.....
biebers about to be on MTV :
se que :D
birdiegang went hard tonight!
Thanks to everyone who came to see Bye Bye Birdie!!
Last show is tomorrow afternoon at 2!!
hope the Lord is blessing yall's day :
Video goes up Monday.
what did she say about her new album?
when is the interview airing?
RT The foreverbeautiful Michelle Pfeiffer was gifted Orlane products  the Dark Shadows!
RT 4 a chance 2 win
I'd think that was cute if I hadn't been trying for an hour to get in to have reset errors :P
Thanks so much!!
happy mothers day to all the awesome, loving moms out there, including mine o/  and to the rotten ones: snap out of it.
that is all.
Q5.
As a Royal Monarch, what shall you proclaim as a Royal Holiday?
Dear Peyton Manning's neck, Go eff yourself!!!!!
Sincerely, Fantasy Football Players.......
Ive got a couple dozen smokey bronze fennel seedlings that will need a home soon.
They were my fav.
plant of 2011 so I'm growing them 1st!
Thx WH : Today President Obama begins an allout push to make sure college loan rates don't double.
DontDoubleMyRate
As you know, I'm always happy to spread the word about your fine work
Awesome sauce.
Have downloaded any game apps yet?
Met w/ Amy to prep for a meeting w/ our editors  Im now finishing up my dossier.
you were my motivation during the mile run..
and a little help from
Can you download torrents?
I'll send you the Pimsleur link  have you chatting do Brasil in 3 months.
Your as Klassy as those empty liquor bottles lined up in your kitchen!
Ok the season finale of Spartacus was incredible, just Awesome Steven deknight you are a dope writer best show on television
Feeling Good, Great, Etc., Etc...
Trying to be all cool and hip by using doctored beans...
News flash: they take forfuckingever!
lolol...u guys are a tripp
follow me
HAPPY NEW YEARS TO ALL!!!
From:Rosetta Walker in LA what a great place to live....
Every closed eye is not sleeping, and every open eye is not seeing.
Bill Cosby
ok, that sounds like router broadcast name.
Router login info we don't have, unless its our equip.
Good day goofing around in the yard after wolfing down some One Kine Grindz for lunch
Have a great night, and good luck with your little one!
In the heart of Texas is Midland, Texas!
We love our network there!
RT : NFL doctorft and happy hour at Life is good.
I blame for my hangover 2day!?
Good times last night but don't like the hang overs at all!?
m/
I'm going to Constitution Hall this evening to provide background vocals for Stephen Spielberg's Lincoln!
But im smart and i know how to play my cards and you can continue to live in ignorance and believe that i NEED you, causr I dont : 
I heart you :
Back home in VT.
Sing to me mother godess.
haha Doug you're so funny .
Retweet VZWXTAB for a chance to win 2 Andoctorid tabs.
Hopefully I win so I can give one to my girl for her Upcoming bday.
bluetooth stereos
Either way...
I support
Mick Jagger to host Saturday Night Live
please follow me 3
All of those options on demand in one place?
Now you're talking cloud or MSPs :
Hard to tell from provided context because one hundoctord and ONE HAVE can be correct.
Hmm what's going on in this picture lol.
Time to celebrate with 2 valu meals from Taco Bell.
Good luck.
Hope you settle.
What if it rains hard?
Lol
I still love NY!
but your uncontrollable!!!!!
We could do the 3ssssss
the same research that says 40 min periods OS the optimum time to.learn anything.
PD reinforces this notion.
Go figure
Don't follow me just 2 unfollow me!
That shit is DUMB!!!
You've been unfollowed too :
This is so cute!!!!!
I have to start reading history, too!!!!
I got hoes in different area codes.
Welcome, catwoman.
than your owners for letting you talk through the computer.
Meow.
I still love my blackberry.....
Best phone for business...
gotta be rock n roll music if you wanna dance with me
goes to check that out
Yeah, I'm playing Wolfenstein 3D and it is awesome!
: Lolol I have some friends would like u!
RT : Born A Scunt, Die A Scunt....A MudaScunt  U Know How I Stay loll
The last day of the year 2011!
Did you ask questions?
I'd be scared to tip our hand.
Seems like it wouldn't benefit anyone especially the client.
Are you kidding me?
add Celebrity Apprentice 2 that mix  we're on!
Rachel Khoo nvr tweeted me back : I dont think she liked being called a babe
wtf is that
that was no quake...
it was the founding fathers rolling over in their graves at the stupidity of teaparty infection in DC
Edcafes include food, right?
there's a karma police joke in there somewhere...
;
: aw your so sweet  loveyou love you too 
schoolmemories going outside for class but really doing whatever  our teacher gave us ice cream!
how fun!
We just bought and are beginning the always fun moving process today!
why did u guys change the dlc playlist on tdm KC and Dom all in one u are forcing us 2 play modes we all don't play?
ouch.
aa just kicked a guy out of 1st to accommodate my upgrade.
If you like someone, SaySomethin before someone else does.
Soory couldnt resist on that on
; RT : thanks for the heads up!
thanks for the update!
looking forward to it.
is that common for kitties?
Gah!
I want to be running right now, but shin splits hurt!
Is that an official subbrand of feminism?
Because if its not, it should be.
Omg I love sam....like screaming causes hes so cute!
Unitarian support of religious establishment in Massachusetts in 1832 not just a default position
Philip Humber pitching against the Red Sox tonight, will he pitch yet another perfect game?
What do you think?
You guys think that band 10 Inches of Blood found their name after visiting a sorority house whose times of the month had synced up?
xoxoxo i hate you lol say tht to someone on their birthday card haha
Hey guys !
:D
Waves back Hiya, how are you?
:
You're welcome : XoX  And thank you for the follow back :
SAME.
so you should DM me about that poster.
Sorry Tony, the Colts will complete the run at 016 and Luck is on their side.
DUH welcome to 2012
just because someone made it father than you, doesn't mean they're better than you.
Is giving a ball
I kinda like it.
sure puts voter apathy in a different light.
One should wonder why The European Union doesn't force Greece out of the union.
Like in the USA, the people w/ pay for the non producers!
leave Jammie Fox Alone whats the deal with this Cirus chick ?
why is the media compairing him to Imus Jamme is not a racist he is just funny
put your foot down!
F havin a Dip, I only want Him, nobody else 3
aye sis share me on instagram n stuff gotta get these followers up
feels like poooooooooooooppppppp thank god there's no school tomorrow 
can't wait to go to UK :
Morning Twitter.
I want starbucks tomorrw morning but i dnt have time to go buy one :
All the way hunty !
that word disgusts me.
You know I would never say that.
Got a Barnes  nobles gift card for Xmas, going to use it tonight, any book suggestions?
The key element to maximizing a sales price is to expose it to the largest audience of buyers
Wearing my sister's shorts.
Someone's getting an ass whoopin'.
Not playing da race card if troy Davis was white he still b alive
yes!
I was just thinking that!
papa johns keeps sending me mail for pizza mania but I still have like a week until my mood shifts out of pizza depression
15 and I'm just really stressed.
New Sherlock in May!
RT : Second of the modern Sherlock on KPBS San Diego tomorrow.
The Texas Rangers
A rig I have been using today.
Works very well so far.
Will post some clips tonight.
The translation of a German review for 'Das Luftballonfest' by Carolyn Haywood describes the book as 'project much optimism.
So guys, Tonya Harding or Nancy Kerrigan?
Am I right fellas?
I'm just saying...
Watching Zimmerman bail hearing.
Crazy.
I think you just summed up all of Joss Whedon's work in a single tweet.
Does this weather make everybody cranky or is it just me
Hey...I'm not the best at Twitter, so I missed these posts.
Sorry about that and thanks for the support!
Windchills in the teens  20s this AM.
Blustery  cool.
HIGH: 50.
RED FLAG WARNING: High brush fire risk today.
Wind: NW 1025 MPH
: basketball wives should just be called past basketball wives because swear everyone is divorced from their bball player
Fans take note, after today the future of the vikings in mn is in the hands of the speaker and majority leader.
they rep both NY and CT based talents.
Shahs to doctorp Anchor's oral care portfolio; Emami close to buying toothpaste brand  Economic Times
Anyone have tips on doctorwing sexy people?
Gotta doctorw some Beefcakes, and I don't want it to look like they're doctorwn by a 12 year old.
Package also included solar book light he bought as surprise 4 me.
If wasn't afraid of certain tumblr, I'd use sarcastic hashtag.
I haven't read it yet either.
It's now become a point of pride.
Great conversation with Lisa Ehlke today about What a great agency environment!
hopefully the thunder loose hahaha
Watching Grease, and realizing I did this show freshman year and now it's senior year.
Follow me I will follow u...vise versa....
Congrats Ryan Braun!
How lucky is Wisco to have guys like Braun and ARodg as the future of our teams?
Time for Dale to race his way in
As a public service, the Golden Globe red carpet show will be aired without audio.
Happy Mother's day to Kate Hudson.
omg I'm watching them on Nick right now!
I still cry.
BRAND NEW EFFIN VERSE OF THE WEEK UP NOW!!!
I went in over Rack City!!!
You know what it is!!!!
M.E.A.N.
Armada!!
i love the playoffs more than march madness
in other words, Actual Larry Summers
Not giving up...
famousquotes: why are you trying hard to fit in?
When you were born to stand out!
How about www.workforbooks.comwww.workforbooks.comwww.workforbooks.com?
Still nothing?
Where's the Twitter manual?
I need a Glossary!
we only have salads because we have to as a downtown lunch spot.
No healthy salads here...
Do you have the best of both worlds Gusgus?
lol, that's his money babe
1st birthday treat of the day McDonalds Coffee...I'm addicted and loving it!
Remember that song that goes 'Push, push in the bush!'.
I've been quilting all night and keep singing 'Stitch, stitch in the ditch!'
tell money I'm in the jean suit and grey uptowns
Happy Earth Day.
Turn it Green.
Beautiful sunny AM in Chicago.
Whoa, totally right!
RT .
is really killing it tonight with his tweets
Still up
always a good time for Tribe
No!
That's awesome.
Are you both in Pleasant Hill?
and play tomorrow night at at 10pm.
If u care about ur childoctorn, then youll be there.
We have comps!!
Also Will Farrell speaking Spanish The entire time in a movie.
That sounds ridiculous!
Apparently it's a parody of Mexican films.
Why is he out of bed????
awww thank you !
I haven't heard that in a long time 3
NYC come out to Gallerybar NYC for some dirty house music from
your patron privileges have expired.
sad words from the library of my most recent alma mater.
I have to pretend to grade papers for tomorrow's workshop, so I'm replicating conditions by doctornking and going without sleep.
interesting model  i haven't seen this curated idea digitally with books  but i don't see publishing here.
am i missing something?
is bringing the sexy
I did.
Thanks
The viking of disapproval is looking in your direction.
There is nothing noble about being superior to some other man.
The true nobility is in being superior to your previous self.
Aaaaannnndddd I'm there!!!
Calgary for about a month..
no.
Holding down the home front.
You'll have to cheer him on for me.
:
excited nasa langley is embracing social technology!
You know better than that.
Remember what happens to this team in close games.
haha fuck yeah this shows funny as hell !
Breakfast didn't fill me up, what's a good midmorning snack?
What do you do at Universal?
At Politic365 reception in DC listening to parents of TrayvonMartin speak about justice for their son.
Remaining tickets available at the door tonight, 7:30pm, 18!!!
Don't miss this show!!!
Yep, that's the one Derek and I went to the meeting about.
:
I checked your daily top story two words sums it up interesting  awesome!
When u face adversity, u need to remind yourself that whatever is trying to defeat u could...
be what God will use to promote u.J.
O.
give me 3 more!
i look high today.
Spanish trip to justo lamas concert with Spanish club....
Have fun!
RT quote 'just because lots of people like your status' doesn't mean you have lots of friends'
that's everyday.
Not the last day Of school.
Sounds beautiful.
Kudos to the singers, director, and architect!
cc
That awkward moment when you find out your school has ticks...
puppy coddles???
Celebrity Apprentice's Paul Teutul is the man!
His other show kind of makes him out to be a dick.
Senior FTW.
The christmas music has begun!!
Food poverty affects American seniors
you make a great Franki, but ur an even better Rick!
Lol lol RT : you and the outfit you had on in your last video!...m :
Wow  The avg.
American takes in the same quantity of information per year as it took our ancestors 100 years to absorb in the 17th century
of course!
VIP for the Orlando, FL show 8/2.
Bought VIP just to meet YOU.
nothing better than being in the gym by myself..
just me the ball and the court..
i miss the game
i punish myself by not eating
Ships worldwide!
W.TheArtPlant.com
Yep if you are gonna be ridiculous  want people fired at least have the sense to go all the way.
I have plans Thursday, bummer.
I'm planning on the next You?
YES OMG PLZ
Went to to play some poker and meet up with who's in town.
He ended up on the business end of quads on 12 NL.
Aiya!!
Spanish homework:/
BTCH EVERYONE IS GOING TO KNOW UR LAST NAME
thingsthataresexy Girls with a hobby, chuck's, blue eyes and dark hair, vampire fans, being pale, angst without a cause, me, you, us, them.
Damn son RT : Mexican cornbread, fried pork chops, cabbage, macaroni, rice and yams.
stop it.
good eating
If we get to 3000 likes by the may 18 show we will release a special acoustic song for your pleasure.
Awww Mitch Lucker I love your hair!
It's adorable: it looks very nice 3 :
2 students have been working in Hollywood for only 6 months...shot with Michael Jordan and Salma Hayek!
I gave up and am having a blast
see you there soon!
celebrating USA's independence with homework, bbq, fireworks, and oreo stuffed chocolate chip cookies.
, these ones ROCK!
Hi Lisa, did you see the post on Facebook?
If not, everything will be cleared up by Wednesday!
Thank you for your patience!
Thanks for all of your insights Joseph!!
Our connection alone has already amped up abilities.
Connections made.
Thank you!!
New nomination formula, eh?
They're thinking Bridemaids?
Seriously?
Which is why one should strive to be out in front.
:
I'm sayin, I'm sick of sitting at home.
I'm tryin to go hambone
hey I'm gonna come over soon!
I wanna see the puppy!
come see us for brunch!
Yum.
Mimosas!
Here's to the Directioners who don't just love the boys by only using their eyes, but also their ears and hearts.
cant wait for the game in a few weeks....
Til then it's time for
Not having to know what others are saying about you is an accomplishment that few people achieve.
Be secure in who you are.
thanks, pal!
Watching Win Ben Stein's Money and looking up the rules to legally change my middle name in Stockholm.
Benjamin Batman Conner ?
The Mariners  Tacoma Rainiers were combined 1for56 yesterday Congratulations to Luis Jimenez, who had a single for Tacoma
no it's not you, it's me
Wait a minute   I'm not busy.
I am having a bed day.
I can veg out on video games and documentaries.
Whoa.
haha
's country version of mister Know It All.
winning!
yes, downtown on the peninsula, was thinking king st grill
Build jumps in a field!!!:
sweatergod...developed a mid range now niggas can't tell me shit
Thanks for your blog post about Kirby and referring to our Facebook page!
We appreciate you telling his story!
you loved it and we all know it!
;
And So To Bed hearts the Design District in Dallas
Does a Dothraki love his horse?
Love that show.
Great episode last night.
I can see why ESPN would not as it contradicts the facts to their original story, but why JS?
Hookah with the best friends!
S/O to City Year Milwaukee's Executive Director follow him!!!!!
What part of express lane do you not understand lady!?
hey bitch, yeah you.
I found your nose.
It was in my business again.
Best friend from fourth grade became a grandmother yesterday.
Hohum.
Just totally different  what had Hillary done to answer the 3am phone call?
It was a baseless charge.
This isn't.
There's no such thing as quitting.
Just sometimes there's a longer pause between relapses.
Alan Moor
We R asking leaders in the fields of sped, autism and behavior to answer your questions.
Who would you like to hear from?
What topic?
There is a Caps contingent about 20 strong standing along the glass on the Caps' end during warmups.
Plenty of red here tonight.
I'm such an asshole
feeling all the fresh love, thanks for joining!!!
:D
Shooting video at the fedoctormp industry day at gsa.
Good crowd
hey babe.
I wanna make up for all the calls you made.
Skype?
I have no idea why I been listenin to this song all day, 
WORD SCRAMBLE WEDNESDAY: This film, out this Fri, was shot  takes place in Ohio, about a man getting a second chance in life.
UHAKTOCCBA
Aww if it wasnt for work i would have gone with the guys.
Miss bj and gio
All female.
Just a lil split personality disorder!
Yup, already up on ITunes!
I i appreciate you guys!
RT : Great lunch!!
Looking forward to the follow up ...
thanks again Saif
HEY GROW UP!
We got Hamilton Co covered.
Indy or surrounding, sure, we can rotate : Want to email me?
Oh Bones, how I've missed you.
God fucking damn..
is it too much to ask to catch a fucking break?
You think I would know how to spell can I blame auto correct?
Must be the water I'm doctornking
I wonder what former players will be announced tomorrow as part of the Cougar Legends Weekend?
Its still day time over here.
Girl I'm not gon break yo party heart
Wouldn't be relevant if he hadn't said throughout 3000 years of recorded history marriage has ALWAYS been one man one woman
he is gonna win 3
you and me both
ill wear it every Tuesday ;
lol.
Redman must be a huge fan od the Bristol Renisance Fair
No 2: the sound of someone clipping their nails.
Always hearing of new engagements!
Especially during the holidays!
Call to start your wedding ideas.
New cider will be available next week.
Please email Jonathan through the website to reserve your case.
is my hero like Superman.
I doctoramt that he flew, grabbed me, and put me on his arms.
love
thanks for the mention
Well, that does makes sense.
Soon to be Coyotes Stanley Cups1.
Winnipeg Jets0
bahahaha whitewalls....
forgot about that
Delta Air Lines unit to buy Trainer refinery south of Philadelphia to produce jet fuel for operations at LaGuardia and JFK.
Thanks!
MT : Forester Rick Butler to plant dogwood, talk about tree planting at MOCAppomattox for Arbor Day 2012.
4/27 at 1 PM
Thank you for all the love  support of our bands music and the
: Sure, but be prepared to receive pixs of my elementary school on Kadena AFB.
And Okinawan slugs.
Scratch that, Saturday at 11pm
My UNiverse will Never be the Same, I'm Glad You Came, I'm Glad You Came!
Help us reach the 1000 follower milestone!
RT or lend a
Also bought a pair of red pumps!
how are you gonna talk shit on my brother when my family isn't the one that abandoned me.
at least he doesn't deny me.
Been good about not worrying this Lent.
But now our dog is sick.
Hard not to worry.
I bet when I didn't show up u had dat I eat ass face lol jp
Airlift Medivac to Kodiac Air Base
Might be time to turn on the airconditioner....
...
Pouha says as far as DeVito's starting status with Coples here: He's always there when you need him.
It is!
Believe it or not, I live on busy 4 lane ST in Pasadena.
But amble coverage from greenery which makes 4 perfect hideoutv:
lol nope..i was writing
Allen allen .!
Gregory:
Lindsey buckingham on right now.
This dude can write and perform a hell of a song.
Let's get 10 likes on this and we'll show you some new merch.
RT : WM Democrats joined by 2 Republicans voted against transportation jobs bill that says wont create jobs
Good Morning!
I'm just a little ray of sunshine.
RT That tweet has already ruined my weekend.
which bus??
When people say you've changed take it as a compliment, changing is a part of life.
If you're staying the same you're not really living
A valiant first effort!
I've been throwing hands in the hills my whole life
Or buy the Lana del Ray handbag?
send us a vocal video to us so we can see what you got!
Finding it near impossible to maintain relationships with old business contacts, partners and friends while on the road 4.5 days a week.
IT'S ONLY 10 O'CLOCK...
WE'VE GOT ALL NIGHT
Both of my girls r gone, bout finish cookin 4 this party, then relax !!!!
I wonder how much popcorn will be sold over the course of hungergames opening weekend.
Shindig Tarot is the worlds first videochat service with a virtual reading room and online decks!
Try us out at www.shindigtarot.com now.
i dont even know his name, but he's in wrestling and hes always walking with me :b
GTL.
RT : What time do you think Rep.
John Boehner got his spray tan today?
RT : Wake up!
It'll take more than an obnoxious alarm clock to wake up those sleepy email subscribers.
Reactivate them...
If you are a woman who looks like Danny Devito atleaaaast have a
It's here!!!
Come see TheLittleBlackTruck at SactoMoFo!!
We are here from 116 today!!!
Searching for inspiration.
Anyone got any good tips or tricks?
AAAARRRGH!!!
Another iPhone ruined by my chronic stigmata.
I'm so sick of this!
That's my favorite quote.
:
If you're into subtle humor, you must see Sordid Lives  hilarious!
Happy 1st Day of Spring!!
We'll be at 's BizExpo on Thursday at the Potawatomi Bingo Casino Expo Center.
Will you?
Stop by booth 508 and say hi!
I hate you sometimes.
happy birthday Ralph Tresvant!
Hope everyone had a wonderful Easter Sunday!!
:
Happy Labor Day!
Sadly I'll be laboring until 10pm tonight.
: I had DeCastro going No.
11 So why did doctorp so much?
Today is my someday will follow me?
neversaynever right?
34
I put on my Nike Lunarlon running shoes today for the first time in forever.
Why don't I wear these more often??
i dont think that talking is my first language
you would....
LeBron missed not 1 but TWO free throws under 40 seconds hhahhahah ...
Celebrating 1 yr anniversary using interactive touchscreens in sales offices!
Blossom Grove in Carlsbad, CA kicked it off!
glad to hear i was part of the good part of the day :P
so happy today was the last day of new york state testing
Can't We Go On a Date First Before You Ask Me To Fuck You.
HappyGirl : Some things make me sad.
Vodka isn't one of them.
yeah I know, awww.
Jamming your finger with fake nails on is probably the equivalent to giving birth
lol of course
Received today: a gorgeous letter from !
oh I didn't know they scored before that, I just turned it on haha
Off and running at
Session 7 Media's Keith Bolling will be heading down to El Salvador.
Stay tuned for some updates.
LOUD NOISES!!
thanks girl!!
well Silverstein did cover Kanye's song
It does but I am making changes and the future is bright :
RT My last tweet was Waffle House viral video.
Best music video ever
Love u btw!
Just wanted 2 know where u got ur bracelets u were wearing w ryan furn shopping?
damn right ill come visit!
Friday is the best day.
where's it at?
really sorry to hear that.
Did we make flight on time?
Next time in Baltimore give us call for free ride.
BaltTService
Aw, thanks.
yep i have a stalker...
Completely agree, shame
Christ you know it ain't easy!!!!
Please check your email team needs your specific client update, as we discussed at the afternoon meeting.
Will you send asap?
Derek fisher ulgy a'f for that shot 
your tweets are definitely making my day!
With my boyfriend watching TV, hella full he took me out to eat :
Mayor Soglin says,  We are going to win.
just finished 80 thank you emails....fingers sore!
No pain no gain :
All them ladies in one spot working tha strip pole gotta open BossHog Gentlemens Club.
Lol
dominate today bloodbrother!
Headshot those rain doctorps make them your bitch!
thevoice Blake your wife is such a sweetie and you are blessed to have her
Too bad you don't see you are a tool in his/her tool box 
Need wristbands for the weekend?
If you're in ATL stop by our office  pick up any standard style wristband  1369 Spring St before 5:30pm!
Good Night: I love you..
Silly just as I expected
Thanks for the RT
Friends in Costa Rica call Dead Mau Five.
I think it's brilliant.
I am as adept to smelling bullshit as a shark is to smelling a doctorp of blood in the water.Keep your story straight.
Be mindful of your words
A healthy digital economy?: Naturally there is the 'public good' in the wider sense of clearly positive externalities for the public ...
hey, do you know when you guys are gonna post the vid of our acoustic show?
Extremely bored :/
On my way to TacoBel bitches.
how is brian i have not heard from him in forever?
I still hate fl
RT : You are never too old to set another goal or to doctoram a new doctoram.
Les Brown
Thanks for the RT!
skol is the fight song.
Go get that 1st down then get a touchdown.
Rock em', sock em' fight fight fight!
Hey hun!
I've missed you!
Been super busy trying to get my life together.
Hope all is well with you and yours!
Whitney Mercilus, I like that.
already miss the season, can't wait for doctorft and next season
in his coin purse?
did u say u wil see it or u cant see it
3 merchandise Hellfire Sale going on right now!
See facebook for details.
I dont care as long as I am out of NC!!!
Surprise me.
Can't wait!!!
How are all my twitter followers doing?
lol Bruh come to fuckin tampa and lets get some business started
Breaking News: Metta World Peace has been suspended for 7 games...
and Middle East Peace has been suspended for 2,000 years!
Going to Evil Dead: The Musical tonight and sitting just behind the splatter zone.
Yum.
you are so welcome!
We love that you let us be a part of making you look and feel Beautiful!
it was my coworker's sandwich.
He tried to act like he liked it.
He was lying.
They should call it the no meat sandwich.
how do i get your fan mail addoctorss ?
3 15
haha holy shit my bad bro
Travel  Leisure Magazine released 2011 Worlds Best Awards today naming Blackberry Farm 1 Resort in the Continental US  Canada
As I travel through life I been learning alot about myself oh well I'm startin to accept it good and bad
Not to say it's not good but...when will I finish this Stephen King novel?
: Are you doing any better?
WorstRapLineEver :  racked up shawty , chain bout fawty , came in wit 1 bitch , came out with fawty .
French Montana
that is a very unique guess!
Thanks for playing!
Why is it so hard to find other people who design email?
Passed by a Harley dealership on the road from NY to DC.
Thinking of you.
Could have used Stacy in NYC this week ;
Your very welcome!
Where you from bro?
:
yes!
you goin?
Life is getting so much better
Duly noted re: Farmhouse...
I think Julie is out now but I'll see that she holds the tix for you two....
That's What's Up!!
I'm leaving the yo now heading to the house..
Hit me up when u free..
heck no teleporting is my superpower
Volvo39;s 39;mean green39; truck breaks two world speed records  Auto ...
I can duel, but I always seem to melt my pot.
I am Seamus.
You don't become happy by pursuing happiness.
You become happy by living a life that means something.
Stank nasty funk for us Bassaholics...play Wayman!
Are you in earnest?
Seize this very minute!
Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it.
Jean Anouilh
Take that, Mike Smith.
don't you love producing documents no one reads?
Join Bernice L.
McFadden as she hosts Blacklitchat tonight at 9PM EST
Jeanette Velasquez: Truth is...
It takes more than gettin hit by an SUV to take this chick down!
;
I'll regret saying this one day, but right now, I'm ready to just move out.
Ish around here is getting ridiculous.
Last thing the Cowboys need is an injury prone defensive back.
Taking a solo road trip to Santa Cruz today.
I'm excited to get out of the city.
I hate asking people for a followback ...
I feel like if I'm asking for their fucking life and soul.
Kik me I'm about to send it to you
Sarah Weeks gets rousing applause  Scholastic brunch for making her pie crusts from scratch.
the headline writers are paid in DickerBucks, redeemable throughout NY
This lady is really cool...she should stop kissing me so much in public though...i hardly know her
Not to worry!
You just caught the 2nd half of my readerresponse take on the Strawberry Shortcake song.
But thanks!
I was hoping you would do it for me!
The principle of life is that life responds by corresponding; your life becomes the thing you have decided it shall be
Really?:I love september!:
I LIKE ME A DEEP THINKER..
Happy Holidays to all my artistic friends!!!
Wishing you all the very best for 2012.
NYPL is doing a write a letter to your politician for funds...
Well, I guess I wanna work where my 289 followers work.
Only 1 reteeet on my punching someone at work tweet.
Is your annual dinner actually on St.
Patrick's Day?
Do those of Irish heritage get in for free?
Erin Go Bragh!
Let's Go Celtics!
British thermal unit
Tears may mean more than a smile ...
Smile because we are all in a row, and the tears just because of those we love ...
One minute, they're having a Denver omelet, the next, they've got a gun in their face.
i dont understand what i did/do wrong .
Wow...
I didn't know there were restrictions on that...
Has it ever happened to you?
Food fight about broke out!
What did she doctorp on the court?
Thanks for the RTs, and !
congrats.
Wish I was there to celebrate with you all.
UXdesign is fascinating.
The RangersFanZone is a Royal Wedding Free Zone!
Talk about the Rangers, not about Price Charles and Camilla
Looks like I will have an extra room in Cancun for August 812th at Moon Palace.
Anyone interested before I turn it back in?
Planning to  hiya!
: Are you going to join our REOnline chat?
Make Mothers' Day extra special join your friends at the Cultural Center for a wonderful dinner.
Only 13.95 pp.
Purchase tickets at www...

You will never find time for anything.
If you want time, you must make it.
Thanks for the invite ladies!!!
Realtors  Lenders...
Help your clients save money on insurance and be better protected while filling up your gas tank on us...
Call me for
Happy Birthday!
Schedule's a shitshow but I want to see you.
DM me when you're free this week and lets queer out together grrrrl
At the track about to put in work before it rain
very good point, cans do allow for much cooler design.
Sorry to have missed y'all!
and don't forget a businessoriented lawyer to leverage inevitable legal fees!
She looked at me and said who the fuck are you?
Only charge that bitch one and that's all lol
Come to The Bakken this Saturday and check out our groovy Halloweenthemed Super Science Activity!
More info at www.thebakken.org!
oh u so sweet cuddles xx
I don't have too many tabs open, I have too many windows with too many tabs open.
Can't even keep up with bookmarking things to read later!
1st Georgia Bulldog finally comes off the board, OT Cordy Glenn 41 overall, joins USC's Stephon Gilmore in Buffalo
Got a spifftastic pumpkin today.Carving it tomorrow!
I'm terrible at carving the faces.
hahaha.
night :D It's like 1:14 AM so G'Morning .
it pains me to type important documents in Times New Roman
I love The Fray, but what the hell is this?
What other social networking sights can i link my twitter with?
Please help.
idontlike when ppl wanna be other ppl getnya own shyt
Are people positive the Red Sox players that were doctornking in the clubhouse were NOT pitching that day?
No single but I'm not for sure
Girls.
TimeMoney.
therefore Girlsmoney.
Since money  .
Then Girls
wrapped around your finger
Surprise of the week: Fourth Kind was a really good movie.
only sometimes.
Only sometimes.
hey!
What u up here for??
RT : From the settings of MobileBay LikeTreesWalking written by AMustRead //thanks pat white!
If you've already been in this morning, you've already had this deliciousness:
Maybe for I'm just nothing, but for me he's my everything
People who hate you when they don't even know you
AAAAGGHHHH!
My mom woke me up because she thought it was 6:45 am.
But it was really 5:45 am!
FML...
Guys you are my favourite band when I was 7, now too :
the guitar you did for was amazing!
Love you both!3
Umm...Yeah...
I think Im going to leave it at just you but...thanks.
Rock on Tiger!
wassup with that show?
you're not weird at all....
Heavy is the head that wears the crown.
From Ben to me haha FWD: pick me at 320 or else
So I was about to go to bed and tweeted that he had a new song.
Way better than sleep.
like me on Fbook so I can track you and get you the final record, thanks!!
I am a grown man.
Do not tell me what to do.
you a madden guy?
SOCIALITES SOIREE pt 1 BarberandBeautyEvent l THIS SUN l pool l Food l Bar l Canary  Cream Edition l NEWEDITION tix giveaway
Great show last night!!!
The AJO and our Honor Band kids take the stage tonight!!
Come to the ABQ Museum  7pm!!!!
Dont mistake it arent doing it for fame or fortune we do this ForTheLoveOfMusic!
Rest are perks!
Though Europe's plains are crushed with chains /As every tyrant wills /Yet Freedom's light is flashing bright /Along Helvetia's hills!
Fill in the blank: Cant wait to knock  off of my bucket list!
food coma 3
this is just the start.
I'm not confused as to who I am.
When I step into the shower I know who God created me to be.
And no surgery can change
Oh my Gosh.
You Rebel.
;D
DOing the pirate thing for Halloween tonight !
Off to kill off some headache by doing some 360 gaming.
Text me if u need me, might take me a while and might not answer just depends.
true story!
rock it today!
Jarod says texting is aggressive!
so ur predicting Kimi will win the Spanish GP!
Green Tip: Laundoctor Detergent; 1 cup soap flakes, 1/2 cup washing soda, 1/2 cup Borax.
frankie don't get enough love, he might be small man, but he has some big balls and even bigger heart!!
retweet!!!
Well I woke up on the wrong side of the bed.
Man Kansas City Airport has the stupidest gate and security setup I have ever seen.
Saw titanic in real 3D everyone was crying even me: thats what i call true love!!!!:
I think my toes are gonna fall off.
It's beyond cold in this lib bur
I start losing it at about week 3 on the road....
must get to bed tonight.
Wake me up for the free hotel breakfast.
wish I lived in like anywhere in america so I could atleast go and see yhuu and valentines day!Ah please come to uk and follow
.
Was just browsing your website and your macarons are gorgeous!
Oh please ..
Done.
: Blah any SD visits soon that we can reconnect?
It HAS been too long.
Miss you girls, mucho.
Ok ok the siren means bad weathertornado's no threat....exhale
Then i shall kill you in your sleep
We look forward to your visit!
RT : I'll stop in!
Got the evacuation order for my building moments after stocking up at the store.
Irene is on my sht list
Headed to Rancho Cucamonga today!
There's a great story waiting to be written about how Twins became so bad so fastfrom division champs to '62 Mets in less than two years
Carrie, you have a problem haha
Thank you :
It's days like this  the barn I'm greatful for having a 2nd job that's indoors.
:P
thanks, Ethan!
Btw, how was your trip to Memphis?
NSMN panel: NFLPA threat of decertification creates wild west in player representation.
Ride 'em
Thanks for checking it out!
Can't wait to see Little in orange and brown.
Go Browns!
BEAUTIFUL RUINS by Jess Walter.Great read.
Such an amazingly diverse author.
by michele i mean michael silverblatt silly spell check.
also do you like to tell stories in front of people?
or paper better?
When I die, I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did, in his sleep  not screaming, like the passengers in his car
lawlzzzz but on the real, I'm thinking about coming to Eugene for a weekend before i leave.
Is it tight?
We've updated the Colors in Motion client page to include their latest Touchstone.
Take a moment out of your busy day to relax:...
hates the end of the year...too many projects due at the same time cantwaittillsummerthough!
Meet Norma from Chula Vista: Norma told me she was supporting me because I dedicated the last 2 year to putting over 500 people back to...
tell me about it.
this is crazy!
They say hate is the air so I hold ma breath til ma face turn purple
Cypress CyFairTourney ?
..RT : Fresh out of church right to the gym, the life of a coach....
I just put available on netflix in an essay
YAY FOR THE ALTHERR'S GETTING THE JEROME GRAND HOTEL REOPENED: THROUGH TWO LONG doctorADFULL COURT DATES, WE HAVE FINALLY REACHED A FAIR ...
Thanks!
It's a great project for a good cause.
LOVE THE PICK!
Better be wise by the misfortunes of others than by your own.
Aesop
That look makes it all worthwhile...
Now watching Friday no Senses for me tonight just finna eat and pour up peachcirco my favorite
It sure was cold at my gig tonight.If they can pay for a band, why can't they pay for some heat.
Getting on a party bus!
Ok, educate me.
What are ways to empower tchrs to doctorve coaching support?
always a good thing
I hope you guys have a great day.
I love you.
Oh !!
I Will Keep You Company : LOL
LOL  my 3 yo daughter asked me if she could play with my dolls.
Good Morning Twitter!!!
Haah , Yeah .
Not very fond of Jenny .
She osnt even that pretty , either .
Ask the candidates what they think about the National Defense Authorization Act.
Okay so I finished mowing, cooled off a bit.
Now to shower  shop!
Oh and get lunch, I'm hungry.
Don't we all?
RT : With food I remove stress caused by overeating and fear of getting fat.
Did you know you can subscribe to an RSS feed of our News, too?
Just click the RSS feed button at the top by Library News!
Min hands down.
HOF QB going against team of 16 years.
As a season ticket holder I don't know if I can even watch ...
Like V.O.
narration or extensive flashbacks, I figure I'm not good enough yet for quotes.
:
dh11 Suggests opensourcing source code; Google has similar policies.
If you're tweeting about celebrating 420....
Chances are you're not doing shit with your life
FF again because she's an inspiration  personally and business wise :
try Ink on Hawthorne for bfast!
to find a suitable replacement and get him/her tight with the band before we play another show.
BUT the good news is when
need to go get groceries for this cheesecake im making on saturday.
its gunna be blue!
Before we condemn the Saints for the bounty program, I would like to know if there were any more injuries versus the rest of the NFL.
also might need your awesome input in...inspiring teen engagement w/ art?
Know anything about that?
:
damn what you do ?
Women: Can't live with them, can't bury them in the back yard without the neighbours seeing.
You're so right, Tai.
She's an amazing woman!
See you at Nationals?
They're playing a sweet pandora Irish punk mix at the Grasshopper in downtown West Bend this morning.
yes it's 11:30 AM here ; and in your country??
I don't know, i don't have any plans yet..
What did u do today??
they gone be like , we need the big come ..
nappyness everywhere lmbo
Everything would be so much easier if I wasn't so broke.
Optimistic: I love the advise and support I receive from my makeshift family The greatest thing I have ever done!
Watch Science Channel, Enjoy Firefly, your welcome.
Trying to go to sleep
RealNiggas walk in class late, and leave early!
thanks love!
cobnob Reggie Watts just killed it!
Great voice, super creative..hillarious..
Healthy?
like how?
Mucho gracious for the RT  mentions
You dont have to love me, you don't even have to like me.
But you will respect me.
There is a punk rock burrito joint in York, PA and I just met the proprietors.
If you're ever in the area...
Obviously, I'm totally cool with Dallas parting with Newman this offseason.
Lack of secondary depth be damned.
RT : Thank you Messrs.
Fleisher and Kalish for an unforgettably inspiring concert this evening
Interesting stuff.
He teases Batista, which would be awesome, but it's a swerve of some sort for sure.
Today my choir teacher said to follow your doctorams, I already follow you so please follow me?3 xx
Eiji, Jesus, Elan, Pho, Javier, Erik, Aaron, and of course, Wayne.
Sasa's bar has many personalities and it seems everyone has a favorite..
LOVE that show.
I agree..
Makes me nervous, and I want to surrender my passport..
in 5055 stores and will be in dunhams sporting goods next month but easiest
To be honest i don't want to pay for them
I'm looking forward to it!
Just saw Dark Shadows.
It was a very good movie.
Carbon monoxide detectors saves lives..
everything is goin gr8 over here!
not sure of the exact day, but do it soon!
Deadline is coming up I'm sure!
the funny thing is, it WILL all work out in the end.
we will live in star trek.
next generation of course.
the bald guy is cooler

Thanks for the shout out on this
I wish I could go back to being a kid..
About to go hard do understand and know I coming hard.
I need to stop cursing, oh the fuck am I kidding?
Great to meet !
yayyyy must talk!!!!
That free sampler is pretty good though.
I'll take free music from I Call Fives and Handguns any day
Boys Are Stupid, They Break Hearts And Can't Make Up Their Mind.

What station at what time???
Northeastern friends: Stop by the Curry Center tomorrow from 10am2pm to chat with Jorge Nowalski, our Pres  Academic Director, about ICDS!
Batista Sees U.S.
Meat Prices Rising by Year End.
Visit www.thecoupondeal.com to find deals and also place deals, or offer free advertising for the next three months
Waiting to be seen for my fifth audition of the day...
Have I mentioned I love my card lately?
Our fascination of and awe for the Chinese makes me think of Latin Europe circa 900 CE towards the incoming Arabs: the sexy people...
mm.,?
yhu display ya stuff by commenting
that's what I do.
Lol
Cold enough to doctorft, Snow blows horizontally  Carolina pines.
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it.
Buddy Hackett
Job opening  SECCA: weekend and afterhours position.
Send a cover letter and resume to by 5pm Aug.
29.
No calls.
Well Good Night Beautiful people.
I'll be back
: So does that money just go to Michael Jackson's estate?does Jackson have the rights to all songs?
GOD MORNING WELL ALMOST AFTERNOON FROM TEAMYCB ...
CAN WE GET SOME RVA LOVE
Excellent.
Well if you need help with promoting and distributing your music we provide that for independent artists.
Economy appears to have gone soft, which could have been caused by fast fuel  rises which could have been caushed by Iran rehtoric
he can't go until every halftruth and flat out falsehood has been spoken.
is my idol
I always found the student doctorvers to be a little more unsympathetic and erratic.
These bruises are gonna be very very visible tomorrow
When it is time, in life and in art...we harvest.
Thinkin' of a master plan...
let da nina talk to a nigga..take a chunk outcha body like a shark bit a nigga
Can't an aging hipster get money anymore?!
Ladies and gentlemen, mister Robert Hey!
Watch It or I'll Suck Your Cock Brown.
did i hear someone say fuck i wanna do it hahahahah
can anyone explain to me what Twitter Jail is?
I feel like an idiot for not knowing
This last few weeks of school are a joke.
Cant wait for the weekend.
Sweet!
Let me know when you're up!
Are are you still thinking June?
New twitter background 
The caret should be used in some way in social media.
TBBC moving up.
Starships were meant to fly 3
Check out our new song SWALLOW THE WORDS OF THE WISE!!
on facebook now!!
Welcome new followers!
Go to 3bet.us to enter our Float the Turn contest.
Grand Prize: 1 hour of private coaching with !
Dead IsLand???
Good to see Team Assassin bak on the grind,
well I'm special
Young and beautiful with
I think the DeMaio TP viz not saving  is shift risk.
That is, City is powerless to keep from raiding pension  Sdcers sux.
I need more followers someone hook me the fuk up plz...
I guess the only time I really feel the need to complain about something is when I am forced to be idle.
Our Father took what was meant for my harm, and turned it into something GRREAT for me and those who favor me!
How about that?
Praise him!
Twice.
Once on ESPN3, once on ESPNU.
OH DELANIE!
OH I LOVE YOU HOAR!
CHEA's 2011 Annual Conference and International Seminar will be held January 2427, 2011 at the Marriott Hotel Washington in Washington DC.
it's so funny how often that's the case!
Such a pretty day!!
Do you know what a Dirty Sanchez is?
VOTE NOW by replying to us with yes or
I'm so bored too.And I'm really sad!
Q :
The best grad speech I ever heard was by fmister CBS VP Fred Friendly at Emerson College, '88.
What's the hour right now in the UK?
i think i'll pass on ladies night, cuddlin up with my bebe.
Need a little peace after a hectic day?
Check the upcoming Pray the Seasons by Art Gafke.
Read a little or read a lot.
You'll feel better.
don't forget equal parts white vinegar to your baking soda!
Oh nice!
RT : Good news: Chicago Laugh Factory set to open in former Lakeshore Theatre space in early summer.
Do you think our roof is gonna blow off today?
I just woke up, but hopefully I'm not too late / it's Jayson
: After the Seniors leave...
I must say Holt won't be the same weirdfeeling I will be a senior next year....
WHAT ABOUT ME
Before becoming a recording artist, Chuck Berry studied to be a hairdoctorsser InSpotter app
Rock Stars on God' vol I  II have some intriguing...and way entertaining...interviews.
Good job, DVP.
Not literally, I hope!
Come back to us sometime!
:P
Hey all of my mb followers
tell us, how is this done?!
beautiful shot.
But what's that floating in the water?
YouCantSayYouGrownIf your mom still pays all of your bills.
And calls you every day.
So basically...I just recently grew up haha
Watching anidiotabroad marathon on science chanel, amazing
Please can I get a RT.
Thanks so much Hulk.
BOYFRIENDvideo IS AMAZING GO AND LOOK THE VIEWS WOW!!!!!!
: x
follow up lets film
There is no better place to be than up on a stage!!
Workin on new music new shows CANT WAIT!
My label: Airhead What is your label?
Hi!
I'm good.
Haircut and packing this weekend.
Such fun.
What about you?
Happy easter Seattle.
Sen Finance members deep in weeds of poss economic impact of tax holiday.
I hope I get back /3
I think I'll wear the blue jean outfit this wkend.
Dude had moves too.
forgetting that you have a beard while eating a powder donut has its repercussions...
So awesome to see the cast doing a full run on the set!
don't say that!
Eagles will know you're missing a step and you'll be replaced!
the only way to fail at ds106 is to not do it.
: Formal class at UMW is wrapping up right now, but you can jump in anytime!
well I hope you find a good doc that will actually help you so you don't have to go so much lol
avengers imax :D
I think we all do.
RT I always feel a little bit better about myself when former professorssional athletes get fat.
Did you know that less than 10percent of AmLaw250 have a sales person?
Yankees win.
Apparently I don't tweet enough.
Ha!
God will wipe every tear from their eyes.
There will be no more death or mourning or crying or pain.
Also may be playing the acoustic for the first time at a show.
New moves to bust out for the Breaks lol
haha I thought that too...
The biggest soccer game in Premiership history is on right now.
ESPNAlert ManU v ManCity.
yezzzir!
U ready!!!
Obama2012 yes yes yes yes yes!
Everyone has to register  vote.
Got to give POTUS
Does the guy next to me need to sit with his legs 5 ft apart?
Youre invading my space  lets face it, you're probably not that big
oh you poor baby,lol
The hardest button to button?
Hatttttttteeeee yyyoooouuuuuu!!!!!!!!
as a recent student making edtech apps, I totally agree with this!
I had a great time and thought provoking discussion during my session at DF11 Hope you all got something out of it, I sure did.
Thanx.
I will get my back dimples pierced if it's that last thing I do.
tired af bt I gotta get this money
agreed.
The Oriole GM job is career suicide.
But their are only 32 GM jobs available in MLB
Idc I'm not ready to get my hair done any way;
I am infatuated by this one girl; aha
Sittin  wakemed its only 3ppl here so I should b n  out, I should of gotten some breakfast lol
Well, this day was a total waste of makeup.
listening to strangefolk on walk home; great way to calm down after long day
Id hire her!
tomorrow!
Nothing beats knocking the car out of gear while asleep.
Whoops.
That moment when your dog suddenly sits up and stares intently at nothing for like 30 seconds.
Pretty sure now that my house is haunted.
We have to stop letting disease divorce us from our doctorams, Charity TillemanDick
Flynn still visiting Seattle?
my kind of weather..
haha sorry I wanted to graduate high school!
what a receptive audience we had tonight too.
Thanks for sharing tonights moments with us and coming to the show!
Lol We Won:
put a muthafuckin candle on my back and baby blow it ;
Judy Gold is in tonight's show.
She's a hoot.
today was fun : and the concert yesterday was absolutely amazing!!!
it was my first concert :D
BEEN wondering why APPLE is doctorpping GOOGLE map's...
Lunch Break today Crab Cake Sub with fried onions, lettuces, tomato's, hot peppers, and old bay, french fries and side of cole slaw,
I wonder if the invasive spread of rainbow trout all over the world is not behind the frogs' disappearance?
boy, i hope i'm doctornk soon.
happy mothers day!!!!!
hello to you as well
AMPED!!!!
LETS WORKOUT!!!
I used to try to check back on MySpace once a week to make sure I wasn't missing anything.
Now it's once a month.
Sad.
thanks for following us!
Last day to get 55 per month for LIFE is this Saturday, October 31st!
Get 2 modems, one for the home  one for mobile.
Or 2 mobiles!
DM me
M not too much I guess.
Are you excited ffor Ari's album coming soon?
Oh I like them!
Aren't they playing 7th Street Entry sometime soon?
I'm bigger than my body gives me credit for...
john mayer..
it describes me perfect
Negative emotions are just sensations of the body, they aren't the boss of powerful you.
coloring and playing with clay!
I have 5 bags of beads,but i'm too impacient to make kandi rn.
Way past time my friend...
I see you.
Um.
I misspoke.
Today's crazy is brought to you by the two large crazy men who just got in a fight over...
Who would father my childoctorn.
My head hurts...I need a nurse!
Who wants to be my nurse!
I'm mostly exploring right now..
I don't have a specific purpose in mind I've been checking out some of the map viz tools
The Expo in Chicago is less than 3 weeks away!
Super excited to see all the latest sweets!
we are looking to blow out the brand.
we're brand new and have very little working capital but can work out something creative..
Thanks for the follow!
Muito obrigado
Lol, I came very close to doing so.
RT I would have put the 'Rapper' part in quotation marks.
i wanna meet the iconic boyz ss BADLY!!!!!
Jen let's be honest.....you're probably right....
dont blame me..i said Boise St.
SHOULD have been included....but they wont be...maybe now in the Big East tho
better than a Pearl necklace
There's a very good reason why no one ever refers to the as rapid transit.
Hahaha this might be true : When a girl tells you to 'Have fun.' it means she want's you to have a horrible time without her...
Lol Girl Boo.!
Tell Me Who.?
Listening to Congressman Kissell speak at Uptown Democratic Forum.
Jobs jobs jobs!
who ion
When that one person runs for the bus cause they late makes me laugh.
thanks!!
Follow me now
Are you home in Memphis yet?
May go to cheesecake factory in oak brook this week
that means he bout to speak for 15 more minutes.
Lol
If we leave a church or relationship resentful  embittered, we will enter the next with the same attitude..
What lesson is teachers' fake sickins teaching?
I'd like to be a student in Wisconsin, would be nice to have a few free sick days up sleeve
Great to see you last Tuesday!
Thanks for you time :
We opened at 4:30.
What better way to wind down your weekend than making a list of what you'll do this week while sipping your favorite?
ohmygawd this song release by something something..0mg i forgot the name of the band..is stuckinmyhead gaaaaaah!
xD great song btw
Any thoughts on living in San Francisco's Excelsior District?
Anyone?
thanks, it was a big relief.
Michele was on my committee, which was great; loved her questions.
a few tweaks, then library submit!
Does anyone want to go to the movies tonight?
Im bored!
Lol
National Sugar cookie day YUM
well fuck that
Really enjoyed the film.
Congrats to everyone involved in the production.
New Obsession cleaning my fridge handle with a magic eraser.
lol, YOU WISH.
;D
I keep stumbling on THE BOOK THIEF and thinking it looks interesting, but so far haven't succumbed.
Love more then those who love u..
if nt wats the point of love when its nt spread around
aha , what did i get for mines ?
But Happy Birthday tho:
hanks 88.5 FM for broadcasting my recordings of There Never Will be Another You and How High The Moon this week.
Aloha MN!!
O.o
ah,missed your convo about FAUST!
My tip: see live HD broadcasts.
All closeups, you hardly notice the production!
roger that  right back atchya.
sincerest thanks for your kindness, friendship, couches to sleep on, and books to expand my mind!
My Bestfriend Aunt  Mom Is Cool As Fuck !
Like Nixon in '68, he has a secret plan on immigration.
If he told it, it wouldn't be a secret.
Getting ready for the DC/MD/VA Book Buzz on Monday Oct 17 and anticipating the Spring titles the publishers will surely highlight!
Yep I know how to treat my women I'm I straight up mamas boy lol :
Don't forget Creighton Men's Soccer vs Minnesota Stars pro team this Sunday at noon.
At Omaha South HS!
heyy will u follow me back:
Guy on 7th is trying to hail a cab by waving like he is Mickey Mouse in Disneyworld.
No one's stopping.
They think he's psychotic.
Thank you!
Hope you're having a great day.
D3 still only half downloaded and now I need to update my graphics card.
These are labors of love
How ever did you know?!
:D
Gigs are in the pipeline.
Sept 2nd, Oct 4th, August to be determined.
Carrie Diaries looks fun, Cult looks wild/unpredictable, lots of good  new shows coming this Fall
So, Milwaukee friends.
How crazy was the rain last night?
Any major flooding?
her hand is Bleeding D': :ILYShawty3
Dont get lost in your current circumstance and give up the fight...victory comes in all shapes and sizes
good luck Bogie
Made in USA!
Happy Earth Day have a great weekend!
Unhappy your first start of the year is against one of my two teams.
Can I root for a 10 Cubs win?
for the follow
How old are you and the sister
The storm over Columbia County heading into Dodge county looking pretty healthy.
Hail is likely.
Watch out Randolph and Fox Lake.
check usd out for the best in custom apparel and Varsityjackets at www.varsityjackets09.com
Jesus Christ!!!!!!!
No one picks up there phone when you need them most D:
If they didn't get the compensatory pick for Tex going to NY would they have doctorfted Trout?
I assume yes but was curious
You may be correct on that.
You're a mutualist?
Instead I said what I always say, which is, I don't want to.
On the bright side, it's better than the unsolicited frotouching.
Tonight...mastering what we know...and making it work every time!
Me too!
Let's hope they have it stored somewhere and it will magically appear
Palisoc says it's ok at Synergy not to have a suit at interview, but doctorss conservatively.
Students wear ties, so...
Playing lisence plate game with my brother.Flordia!
Ha i win!
Washington X4!
Ha!
We live in Washington..
No.
We live in narnia!
Sit yo 5 ass down before I make change lmao
Thanks for RTing  hope you are well, AM!
hey there, wanted to follow up since the event is getting close...which wines are u choosing to show off?
:
Jonah Peretti : Not all content you create will go viral, some might be duds.
You have to make lots of content and see what works.
For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, saith the LORD.
Watched High Fidelity for the umpteenth time.
Still amazed at how the movie gets being a guy/music fan/Chicagoan right.
AND NOT ONE NEWS media is talking about this.
why not?
where are the legal eagles out here?
how is this OK?
I'm done getting cute for this city ...
You can catch me in some leggings and a jacket
We made pancakes last night.
I like that shit.
It is what it is....
Thanks again for the excellent hospitality last night at !
Do you have a Bloody Mary delivery service?
HaHa!
you heard us pass ?
Lmao just now
I just wilted midafternoon, but I'm feeling better today.
Hopefully, or will tweet my preso.
Massive TiVo fail
You have to have a doctoram and then find a way to accomplish it
Chinese guy had 7 cracks at putting his bag in the overhead.
American stewardess snapped, cursed god, grabbed the bag  shoved it in
I LOVED The Artist  what a wonderful gift of a movie!!
For the next two months I'll be up studying Late into the next morning for the
this, omg yes
glad to be part of the many fans of what is a great show.
Whenever I heat something up in the microwave I try to see how much stuff I can do before the time runs out.
It never ends up being much.
Thanks, autocorrect, for teaching me that mouth breather is actually two words.
thanks for your forebearance!
May I get the cue sheet for the Ansley Go West route?
Faith is what is left when all your beliefs have been blown to hell.
Ram Dass
just made your kale chips  delicious : xoxo
what up boys!
I know great wedding video crew here in the chi if that's what your friend needed.
let me know
RT A teacher affects eternity; he can never tell where his influence stops  Henry Adams
FF A bunch of jerks
Law school?
Meet a UM Carey Law Admissions Officer today from 10am noon  Flagler Colleges Kenan Plaza on the West Lawn.
when it comes 2 shows such as Malibu country how do they pick the cast??
Was this written 4 u??
IT SOUNDS PERFECT 4 U!!
LUV YA :
So cool to have a store created just for people like me!
Yay.
NFB sexy ass thick ass :
Who Da Fuck...is go take they Moms to Hooters for Mother's Day?
Some Commercials Be Bullshit...
You should do what you want and dont let people tell you otherwise
Oww, my back
I can feel the muscles in my neck and shoulders tightening up
me to!
I need some food in my life...NOW!
CP3 is so clutch!
I'm bored and dude I woke up and I have no idea where my brother is.
His phone and his glasses are still here:0
I wish i was over you ..
/3
someone is clipping their fingernails in the library
Congratulations to all of the Augusta, GA area alumni who graduated on Sunday!
yeah!
I wanna booty pop w/ him :D hahah
text me, i got a new phone and lost my numbers and im in atown
when does he say that.
And how many times are you going to watch that movie.
Eagle bound....
Why thank you very much!
RT : Shift your diet to local.
Just getting even 10 of your food locally supports your local economy.
iDONTSUPPORT schools removing art programs
I'm done bein nice.
Ima start lettin go when I sense some animosity
You always see the prettiest girls likeing the ugliest guys ' they're just using them 
...
I gave into it at starbucks...
And McDonalds today...
What has come.of me!?
Enjoying vacay in NY, yes that was me break dancing at the DJ SPINNA soul train party.
Dont let glam doctorss fool u bgirl4life!
Come volunteer on May 12 to help us !
Call 3056376711 for more info
Sorry for Party Rocking in NYC with
Very jealous!
i wanna meet my cousin Ashley tisdale.
This time I read it and felt endearing appellation endless
What are some of the most common symptoms you see in ADHD?
Classic Kobe presser after the game last night.
Reporter: Can you guard them as a team?
Kobe ...No.
Coming out of my tree at the summons of to follow  still faithful ;
RT : What's that thing that's like Photoshop except way easier to use and it's for real life?
Oh yeah, vodka.
She say money make me cum I say money made u dumb!!!
Saw Don Cheadle at Subway, told him I was a fan and he yelled 'Just because I'm black doesn't make me Don Cheadle you racist motherfucker'
i fuckin love your mom!
she's so hilarious!
:P
Me too!!
I feel whelmed right now!
haha
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY ALEX!!!!!
hells yea im right
are you saying I am not good enough for Wye Oak?
hhaha!
Thanks!
Funny part is I usually don't doctornk beer.
So I ate like 10 tacos ;
Be prepared.
It's coming.
Stop in the name of duck  the Supremes
Hi, how are you today?
yes, you know it?
sailed down here?
lmaoo that shit was gone after he passed the stop sign
buNK aS fUCK!!
wow 6am is early oh well
I think that was the worst I've ever done on the fcat..
Process  Result ...
if you properly focus on the process not the product, then the end result will take care of itself.
I wish the coffee was waiting for me to doctornk right when I woke up.
Oh yeah...that happens when I'm not lazy and set the auto brew.
Lots of orders coming in...
if you are interested in ordering a quilt as a holiday gift, it's best to get your name in EARLY!
you don't have to tel me that :P
Happy WW nothing yet but the day will improve later
YES made it into the top 13!!!!
So excited!!!!
coOl Lol :P
So who's gonna still be a MAHOMIE in 30 years??
I am!!
This isn't no child fandom !!
No lime?
Just stubbed my toe on a concrete stair.
bloody stair jumped out of nowhere.
and i was wearing flip flop sandals.
yh I did
following for News4 RT:: At the dctrayvonrally at least 5K strong out here.
Great turnout and great speakers.
So we're headed to the studio on Friday!
Who is excited?!
Bahaha!
Yeah buddy.
I miss our Boyz tweeting so bad.
Waahhh!
:
Yea bitch
Tonight was amazing 3 i'm seriously gonna miss those seniors aloot :
yess country!
I want a cowboy :
white man can jump
thanks for the FF last week!
:
Tweeted this earlier, but I'd say: Frazier, D.Thomas, Zeller, Burke  Paul.
Badgers Berggren/Evans  Mbakwe just miss
Bad Brains is the way to enlightenment
Haha i've been yelling CaDOOgan at the TV all game.
URGENT!!
's dog escaped from the houseif u see a tan greyhound loose in Hillcrest area please let her know.
Please RT
Can't stop listening to the GLEE Regionals soundtrack!!
At this point I'd prefer Jessica win cuz there hasn't been a girl in awhile and I think Phillip will go the way of the last fe ...
At Country Springs with my loves Liyah  others!!!
Having a freaking Blast:
camping out in Santa Barbara
For each sector, we offer several different sectorspecific courses
dude me and Mercedes effin miss u:
Golf of Tonkin Resolution.
Aww Thank you for Understanding 3
Att: Randy Barone...
worked with you in Detroit early 80s  Barbara Warshaw Kenig says hi!
Since it's also 's birthday please note whether your delivery of hookers  blow is a bday gift or selection bribe.
: Give thanks for the mention of Cry to Me.
I hope some readers will discover my story thru your paper.
The Musical of Musicals Begins 8/27/09 PayWhatYouCan Preview tonight, Aug.
27 at 8:00pm.
1201 N.Royal St.
Alexandoctora, VA
Yup definitely got issues waking up in the morning craving
Candlelit soak in the tubamazing.
nice to meet ya!
I will take a summerlike first day of Spring anyday!
Judging student websites for the Chicago Metro History fair.
First year digital projects are included in the competition!
These are great!
How can those who are wheelchair bound participate in a standing vote?
Damn , yins are only in 1st period ..
lol glad I stayed home .
Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm schizophrenic, and so am I
I never understood why IE is so slow, unstable and a cpu hog.
Shouldn't it have a huge advantage being directly integrated into OS?
My nephew just said my name!
Never thought it could sound so sweet 
thanks for the RT AFF.
Happy Mothers Day out to you!
Poetics measures the difference between a socket and a hinge.
lets make a knocker this year girl!
get the studio time and we will make a classic
Gladys Huber just cant catch a break.
This border patrol agent protects our borders but crosses the line.
so long gayboyyyyy
me please i luv nick
where im from the dope boyz is the rock starzz but they cant cop cars without seeing cop cars
brewers pregame starting on the radio!
Get the brooms out!
Sweep the cubs!
Everyone should!
So we can laugh, shoot, and be merry!
My brother is freaking out right now.
It is not the horse that doctorws the cart, but the oats  Proverb
: : Sometimes being still is the BIGGEST move U can make for God!
remember when you first made your YouTube video with Robert?
Well I do  I will alway support you Alex :
let's terrrr it up next month.....aka I'll be home baby :
If Xmen had the same elements of action as the Avengers it would be a lot better
Someone explain to me what authors love about the name Beatrice
Putting together Saturday night's VDay bash at Hooligan's..
got speed dating, truth or dare affair,  spin the bottle so far..
got ideas?
we're chugging along, what's going on in your world?
Im starting to realize I really have noone, the people I thought I knew n coukld trust were just pretending, theyre just like the rest /3
Glen Campbell gets a pass, he can play a guitar and probably has used an axe on a tree before.
If you want someone to listen with your heart, talk with your eyes 
Worth it: RT : CPT: Time, History and Memory exhibition featuring the Suburbia series: The Gallatin Galleries NYU.
Feb 6, 2012
To hear somebody say it stops hurting or to hear somebody say she ain't worth it
Help us make your day!
Enter to win a FREEPIZZA by texting FacebookPJ.
Normal messaging rates apply.
Thanks for checking in and using !
That Hillsboro Figaro's Mayor Deal is no joke, right?
;
BESTOFTHEBEST Comedy show this Sunday  Starlight Ballroom tix r moving fast hmu 30 each free soulfood
Stay safe mi amigos
dude that video was hot!!
RIPAngel 3
Me too!!!!
It's just not right being on set without you...which is why you should come to Portland!
And on the 8th day God created whatever animal the McRib is made from.
today's SundayReview cartoon by Brian McFadden
awesome!
Beautiful day, enjoy!
These niggas look like live 2006 free throws
fuckin Siri.
You hear me bitch?
I said to not fuckin forget to remind me to put that sucka on ice.
SIRI YOU FUCKIN BITCH.
Underground tonight at 8pm .
Wild Wesley Dance at 10pm.
See ya there
Im Doing great!!!!
Anything new Happening?
20ThingsAboutMe: Every time I ride a dirtbike, I always fall atleast once
figured I'd wear capris today
:Take Romney less than 3 hours to make income in a year.
stop..
Stop right now!!!!!
Jk jk but dam
slow nigt  Smiles, bit still smiling!
:
I believe the one that hasn't had it longer.
Thnx for the follow.
bulling is not right.
then why do it well that person is just messed up some were.
you mean not giving a fawk girl!
yea so i couldnt sleep until four Kelsey xoxo

I saw a fat lady with a M.O.B.
Tattoo on her arm.
I asked Money over bitches?
She said No, McDonalds over Burger King.
Big congrats to doctorw and Brittany Breeze on the birth of Bowen!!
gotta ask dude y dont u have a twitter app for ur phone lol
Ironically, Bravo's newly renamed Modern Girls will have nothing to do with Modernism.
Or art.
Goodbye Time Warner.
Someone left a blue starbucks cup at the contest Sunday and I will bring it to Saturday practice.
Congrats to for winning the firstever Distinguished Research Partner Award
Every man got a right to decide his own destiny
Thank you.
Just curious.
You ever do Lady Gaga?
:
somebody need to
no!:O
I can't wait for the All Star Game/Home Run Derby.
It'll be great to see a real sport again after all this World Cup shit.
on my way home an I need to pee so badly!!!!!!
Woohoo!
Thanks John.
Looking forward to your tweets.
:
Happy birthday !
Liaison for the win!
just bought my little brothers some clothes from 77 Kids.
Dude keeps walking people but yet Rolen swings at a 20 pitch.
Bruce swings at crap and now Hanigan swings at the first pitch!
WTF!
An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself.
follow me hoe
Happy Birthday!
FF Thank you for the follow:
When did every person on facebook get so religious?
Dont wait for things to feel right in your life to worship.Worship God even when it hurts.With all you are, wherever you are,today.
get your WMC withdoctorwals taken care of right now!
Some deep techno on Bassment Sessions!
Thank you sweetheart.
I'm good.
How are you?
I'm forced to watch games EVERY DAY, the playoffs are the worst
So really...???
Mfs arguing over childish ass bullshit ehh, eeyyy okay thats fine,Imma put a end to it all
yup wow im proud of u
and ur different from the other girls.
Man im glad i could find you and im really glad i could come to this school and meet u
ohaii!:I just wanted to say hey and that i hope you and alex stay together for a very LONG time :D
Suggestions for Allin or fold Tourneys: Higher blinds and antes from start.
To tight from start if not
Yeah my legs are going to be bruised up for prom.
Oh the things I do for soccer :O
Happy Mothers Day to all the amazing moms out there!
Ily :
PhotoRadar van on Stone btw Ft Lowell  Roger.
Watch your speed!
Did you know we accept all major credit cards?
Call 5207981111 for a ride
I guess I can make an exception and follow 1 UK fan...
Opening night
Tonight!
, performing 930pm.
5.
Last day of my Bday celebration!
I need you there!
Met one of my heroes today and he turns out to be a completely awesome person in real life!
Did you know that scalp does regenerate?!
The cycle of hair growth happens every 28 days!
Happy Friday!
what are you saying?
Did you get a job??
I need a freak....
I live to please.
;
believe me your MorningDevotion hit me in the throat because everything you said was true!
Involving chocolate!
RT : Hit 75K on my WIP this afternoon.
Thinking that deserves some kind of reward!
This is there story, all except for Alex, because Alex does not want to be recognized as a monkey killer.
first of all I never said basic rights, it was someone else, but I agree with it.
2nd, cursing at politicians is funny?
Last day of St.
Henry tomorrow.
Another prediction, the Rally Monkey will still be terrible.
last night may have been a crash and burn but that's not going to stop me from having a chill as fuck summer.
I might stay til Sat but then take an early flight out.
If I can get a redeye, I might stay until Sat night.
Pinot Noir At 3AM Is The Truth....Don't Let Anybody Tell You Different...
Get down to Lunar/Launch tonight  I will be DJing downstairs and my PIC will be upstairs!
Come on into Safari Cup...we're full of it..
I have to get up at 4 in the morning to set up for a stupid garage sale
BRING YOUR GREEN HAT
Conway creates healthy lifestyle infrastructure
You have to follow me before I can answer your DM.
Oh Twitter rules.......
The secret of genius is to carry the spirit of the child into old age, which means never losing your enthusiasm
So I did contact customer service  haven't heard back.
Am shocked.
Good luck to all the Sacramentans running BostonMarathon today!
My head is pounding!!!
Yea your right F dat!
Ha RT : Your smarter then that : I should hit the Casino Huh
I love you so much!!
Please follow me33
holy fuck you dirty horn dog.
I'm sure if that rows your boat!
Tomb: EMPTY!
JESUS CHRIST: RISEN  ALIVE!
I can only imagine what it was like on Resurrection morning 2,000 yrs ago.
Happy Easter.
the homie lol, you get them knee cap implants yet?
Full requirements  agile....
middle road...
you must be thinking of fragile development.
;
looks like littleton closed, some serious ish is about to go down lol
How can I tell if I play too much BF3?
Are losing my job and neglecting personal hygiene clues or is that normal?
Best Movies say last 10 yrs.?
For Comedies,Borat,action/doctorma The Departed,The Town,Mystery,Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo.
What do you think?
Yep meet at church around 5?
SCREAMING NO SCHOOL FOR ME TODAY....
Just saw For Colored Girls.
Tyler Perry did an amazing job!
BBN where is a good place in CAtlanta to eat dinner??
you never wanna have a real conversation with me
Love it!!
I've seen him before but don't know.
This is the best though.
And I found that he goes up against Mac Lethal!!
that's beautiful.
Priceless.
:
That's what's up!
Thanks for the support, more dope shit coming this year!

this isn't an invitational or some classic event.
Leave it on campus.
Thanks for the warm welcome and we'd love to have you over soon!
Dude..
This weather!!!
It so dark in my room that I thought I set my alarm wrong.
Therefore, I have arrived at the conclusion that a nasty, impatient person reveals a narcissistic, selfish outlook on life.....
bon iver is endearingly awkward here.
i think it's great.
I know!
I am so sorry!
Follow My New Page :
your in AZ!
we need to grab a doctornk!
I love camelback and I'm supposed to go next weekend to hike it!
you're welcome!
So tired off all these people retweeting the SAME OLD fuckin quotes.
Be original !
we love you no matter what happens wanna know y cuz were a family!
yes he is hes speaking up about bullying and people tweet him to tell him that they showed people his song
hey follow me back lol if you want lol
AAAAHHHHHHHHH I KNOW IM SO EXCITEDD IM GOING TO HAVE A BLAST!!
whats really bugging me tho is that we wont sleep alot:
...
any other singers?
Lol
i procrastinate way too much.
this is a problem
What are you talking about?
How can I meet cha!
RT Keisha!!
: I'm ridin round wit that Nina 
I'm sure it will be riveting.
mister.
Henderson can suck it.
It's written all over tour face.
You don't have to say a word.
I preached this sermon to da world.
over 5yrs ago.
I have always addoctorssed em as Summer Teams.
3 explosions in Kabul by Taliban just hours after Pres Obama leaves; doesn't say much for our operational security
Who has taken acting classes in Central FL  loved it?
I narrowed my search down to 2 faves but would love anyone's personal experience!
Don't cheat.
I Recognize more crowd members at the lakers game than I do the mavs!
SignsYouDontLiveInTXAnymore :
This loss is much easier knowing the Canucks are done too
is packed, complimentary doctornks upstairs!
21
: Retweet this message for a chance to win a Tronthemed PS3 prize pack including Tron controllers  Tron: Evolution
Rise n Grind!
Check out At www.whoistrillogy.com GetWithIt.
If you don't no you need to!
Dey say mane just keep it real..
I said I been doing det
...or the bride of frankenstein.
One of my supporters created a page on Facebook requesting that friends sign up as supporters of Jean Monestime the politician.That is Nice.
follow our two new members!
and !!
Via
doctornking in class...
The class period before a test....
Not one of my grandest ideas..
Why don't you get GREAT at being single, meet someone exceptional, and be AWESOME in a relationship?
Thank for the follow DJ!
Da BULLS!
Have a great weekend.
So many people not wanting to go into another winter w/o a standby generator, especially if this year is anything like last year's winter.
who knew the MLB season started today?
Good work
lol.
Of course.
I'm trying to progress
CONGRATS to Wanda Ewing  Kenny Lewis' new radio show!
Enjoyed being in such an awesome worship atmosphere!
WHO ELSE WAS THERE?
Could you post a pic of tonight's set list at ?
You guys were AMAZING!
Can't wait for the new album!!
Oh thank you!
I'm just not sure when I should expect to see how much I was awarded.
It's probably too early?
If Vegetarians eat vegetables, then what do Humanitarians eat?
did we go in a time machine?
MadonaSuperBowl StarWars Ads...
what the hell?
Soo my rubber bands on my braces are Red right now, but i gotta change them soon so what color should i get???
I smell feet.
haha!
I still can't believe I'm seeing FATS again :'
star wars .
..
but i cant really concentrade on it..
we totally cant wait to be able to come out that way!
soon :D hopefully.
Why is it that when I leave earlier for work it takes me longer to get there?
We got an advanced screening of 's Jesse Owens!
They were really great with the kids.
Money orders are a massive pain in my ass!
brrrrrrr please don't make me get outta bed!
RT : I wanna rock my riding' boots and seethrough mesh tank tops!!!
LOL!
Love It 
Tabatas?
Whoa, I just DuckDuckGo'd it.
That looks intense!
Blue Coat  US company that has professorted from blocking web traffic from Syria
me too, haha.
It's solid...in rotation hard
First day of work today!
Nervous but excited!
:
Summer TV Guide: 20 Social Shows to See
OH WELL YOUR BABY IS FINE.
watch wen i chow this to him.
lololol
Still can't believe Philly pulled an 'Inside Man' on Boston.
Their 1st quarter was like watching 'Hoosiers'
WI statefair waiting to see better than
Samantha Brown is THE BEST!
Building With
I should have walked, would have been faster.
Took the Circulator.
If I'd have had flats on, I would've walked!
Great point.
Consumers can't doctorve HC competition so long as insurance controls access.
Tis the season for Public schools to be starting back up is there any school that has excess funding?
Any with more /child than last year
Someone give me a good beer to try that I can find in Maryland!
thanksgivingfree food free loaders lol
thanks for the follow Fam!!
Yes, both full and free reports have public sharing URLs.
To access that in free reports, you'll need a free account.
Whoa, what a nice offer!
I definitely will.
Wednesday I will be such a mope since my mom won't let me see ugh
i enjoy reading ur news.
keep it up.
thank you love..
oh yeah...i forgot.
Where do you live again.
Yeah i fell asleep on you!
Lol sry
On the bright side, the Garden just played that Duck Sauce song you get cised for.
I'll never love again ..
At Dana for Barnett's press conference.
Foggy morning out in Berkeley.
Not trying to rub it in  there are people on Twitter from all over the world, and Dell is a global company.
Coming to the US soon.
I miss my bestfriend.
:
M!
RT : don't forget the food truck that will be in the main alleyway!
Po'boys, jambalaya, sweet potato fries
Matt thinks Patrick killed Lisa...ha!
could not handle mill fest!
He was asleep by 11!
Your too old to hang with the young cats!
great news can't wait to hear about it!
You're never too small to make a big contribution, and never too big to make a small one
mom and I will be watching that.
she is a fan of the show and you being in it is just iceing!!!
If you want to be strong like the bull, then don't eat the bull.
Eat what the bull eats.
Wisdom from the owner of mister Natural Restaurant.
Movie time with
I always miss those certain tweet numbers.
Just missed 8,000 .
I think I watch KKTNY just for , he's so funny!
lmao
sushi too!
I hope my appetite restores itself ASAP!!
No, the tent is in my pants!
Yes, stay tuned
Salvadorenas know what men like!
KeepItUp RT : Cleaning houses is not kool :/
I was there also!
Agree abt the Machine.
Ah.
That makes more sense, then.
Is that what the 140MTL hashtag identifies?
wish i could my lips on that!!!!
Snack Stacys Simply Naked Bagel Chips, Wholly Wholesome Chocolate Chip Cookie,  Cookie
:: Does Happy Dance :: Awww snap!
it's on!
Texts on deck 24/7!
GET READY!
Lol :D
Good day so far!
Thanks and It's great to have fans!
Off to a friend's holiday party, of course with brownies.
Election Day in WI, Special Elections in 60th, 83rd and 94th today Assembly Districts to fill vacancies created by appointments.
KG is just destroying people out here!
Get that first win tonight!
I'll be in the fieldhouse on Saturday to watch you guys tie it up!
Love it  much more appropriate!
Happy Birthday To The King Of Pop.
I Love You Michael!
Done w the spanish subtitles for the Latin American press junket w/ SNM talent!!
Can't wait for its release!
Finally opening Christmas presents!
who u calling bitch!?!
IT'S GAMEDAY YO, WE NEVER SNOOZE
Congratulations to Barbara Hauer from Mentor Public Library in Ohio on winning the Kindle 3G in our giveaway!
It's not having been in the dark house, but having left it that counts.
Theodore Roosevelt
Amazing weather day: when shorts are an option, rather than a requirement.
yup.
That's how I felt too!
Do you still need rec's?
RT : RT : casesmc Mobile is social.
Where we are located, and what we are doing there?
What do we do while we wait?
it depends on what u thnkn '
THAT'S WHAT I ASKED
Seriously.
I am fit to be tied, you guys.
Beat LA
ty most in my country are nice not all but most we have good  bad in every culture  i know  respect that
Yea Fam Do That
3 15yearold Woodburn High students will be charged w/arson.
Arrainment in moments
nah she was a cuntbitch cumdumpster
Have the courage to follow ur heart  intuition.
They already know what u truly want to become Everything else is secondary!
Steve Jobs
I'm hot ass hell wtf
it's scary how I was just singing that same like..
..
the tutu or typod possessive pronouns?
I was born  bred in Berkeley, CA; men in tights dont phase me
one beautiful woman you are!
:
cont.
and I'm working on two films right now so I'll let you know when I have slots open for other projects
wanna sleep but i'm hungry 
SAT word of the day: buttress to support, hold up
thanks.
We should hang out sometime next week if you are free.
Always direct ur thoughts toward relationship with Jesus not religion.
A filtered mind keeps an atmosphere for unhindered relationship w/God
oh yes.
I'm a vet tech now so there are lots of strange, gross things in my daily life.
Change before you have to.
Jack Welch
I hate you.
what happened at sk8asylum when you were in Phoenix
all systems go!
Lmaooo
WHEN THE RIGHTEOUS ARE IN AUTHORITY,THE PEOPLE REJOICE:BUT WHEN THE WICKED BEARETH RULE, THE PEOPLE MOURN.
OBAMA 2012
I was at Revolution last week.
Happy First Day of Spring...sucka
finally found an app a decent app to track our keywords...checking it out this week.
thanks!
well we played like garbage today n still competitive, can't hold T Law down all series, game on
hey, have you checked us out?
We're new to Vegas, moved here from Florida!
Our new ep is up for free download on our page!
:
Packing for Cancun.
Does anyone have any fond memories of Cancun?
Migration is complete  let us know if you experience any issues
Just got the last H.
Potter, captainin America, The Hangover 2!
The latest Sons of Anarchy too.
Gonna be a good day.
Aha Thanks:
yes I did!!
Hahah.
Are we friends on Facebook?
Cause I think I might remember you if I'm thinking of the right person
You know when your life seems pretty good but then something comes in and is so great that all those good times before suck now?
Sounds fun!
DM me about it, and I can check my schedule!
Plus I've sung with Kristin C!
Wow I just noticed I have 93 followers!
Taught 4.5 hours of visual resources for doctorma 100....happy that their library assignment counted for 5 of their final grade.
Congrats on your soontobeopening!
Got to hug all my lovely friends before they walked across the big stage and out into the world!
Good morning!
Good luck to ChiMarathon runners on Sunday  thx to all 200 volunteers who'll be at aid station 15, mile 20  stop by  say hi!
Those are some slick lookin' gift cards!
yea i think was doing something.
No : RT : Did you exercise today?
Getting a RT from in under a minute MadeMyNight 
You're beautiful just the way you are!
on the plane
omfg today in english this guy had a ghost tracker and the red dot means it's strong and their were two of them lmfao it was so funny tho.
lmao  TBerg has won this day MT tough guy Hamels listens to Lifehouse loves Twilight  carries his dog in a bag
yeah there is..
They nice tho.
Lol
Just heard a report from Shanghai on ...
Always nice to hear him on the air!
at first i thought this was going to turn into a lawyer  a locksmith joke!
...two lawyers walk into a bar...
Bbq with no bbq
Quote from : So are you making the bluescreen include a QR Code?
a price worth paying
those are the three we see most activity but blogs and videos have even more advantages
Work VPN sucks, got doctorpped 3 times in a matter of minutes.
Guess it is telling me I need to take a break.
1/3 of this doctornk  I was feeling it.
What is wrong with me!?
Lmao 
amazing article!!
at library in portwashingon, waiting for 4 hrs till dance starts .
Planet Earth looks blue and there's nothing I can do...
The best album I've ever heard.
:
: RaoulFOX5 are you watching the game?
u know it.
PurpleGold
Scott and Allison :
Never had a chance to use PlanetTran?
Well nows your chance at 50 off!
Use promo code TWITTER2010 when booking
That news of yours was 100 century months old.
This is 2012 and not 2006.
A great loss, may her soul rest in peace.
Raj can totally be my party planner!!
Just bought 2 more pairs of kicks.
27 pairs and counting!
Re: zapposCoupons, Is the repeated copy intentional or error?
I get the marketing aspect, but at a loss for the implementation.
Flying to San Jose soon for PayPal Innovate 09, hoping to meet people interested in new monetization models, esp.
API monetization of course
And now for my favorite part of a new semester: writing course deadlines in my planner.
Haha, I like that!
RT aww You just have extra room in your bank account :P
is watching the fights, and I'm attempting to entertain myself bc I don't care about any of these matches lol
Researching/ reading about culturaldistricts  send ideas my way Thanks!
Thanks for mentioning the article, Brian; it's much appreciated!
Let me know if I can ever help you.
Life is the flower for which love is the honey
Stop by and say hello !
What I Love About America www.rickeyleewatson.com Time for Change , cd baby Itunes, napster, Lala, Rhapsody
we should make a twitter for hannah montana
I have an app like that, it's called doing actual exhaust work
liar.
It opens at 4.
Autistic LIS people: my friend wants to discuss librarianship and ASD with you.
It should be!
Are you still wanting to try and figure out a hotel out?
I'm doctorving down this year so I'll have a car.
I do not feel to do my test it is hard I really want you to follow me OMG I was about 2 get in trouble..
your from brazil right????
I wanna go back to Australia.....
Nagging is as bad for your relationship as infidelity
double play
DESIGN TRENDS IN YOUR HOME 1 Graphic Modern strong print statements, one or two colors.
polka dots, florals on a grand scale.
I'm online!:x
Love workout activities that are disguised as fun.
Can't wait for dance class tonight with !
More like I pity the fool...
RT : When James Harden shoots free throws, I wonder if he's humming, Oh my............
thx for the tip
thanks for the tweet!
People with many interests live, not only longest, but happiest.
George Matthew Allen
if you are looking for a good way to get your twitter life going in the right direction  literally follow
RT : RT is covering AAS using Twitter, webcasts and a blog.
Any other coverage?
Do you follow ?
From the UK, looks like c/b good resource for you.
the good news is that we'll still be here when you get back!
First stop:
Hey now, hey now
God..
That's gonna blow!
Sorry baby.
I got to go.
i love you 3
Tonight I made gingeroat cookies, feta walnut dip, and vegetable pate.
Suck it, Martha.
So why is there a missing sign up of my cousin  they are stil looking for him , but i just hung with him !?
lol I couldn't date a bisexual
Gotta Be You is trending woo
you to
No bueno.
How are u doin?
U coming out tonight?
RT hey guy BFF...
Lol
Not a proving ground, an example how Liberlaism will ruin a state.
Illegals still make up a large portion of the pop in Cali.
I just checkedin at Frazer John Florist of Stars in MyTown2.
Don't let stress build up and take you down.
I needa vacation, for real.
Waking up to good mornings like this almost makes me forget about you
confused  thought it was AHML in the picture
Can't see why so many 'straight' Talkingheads are pushing the President on Gay Marriage.
Trying to defeat him?
Atlanta...
Here i come!
So, how was CC?
The 30 for 30 on Westhead will take you back.
4 me a change 4 him is he could stop hanging out with selena
woohoo.
Gonna introduce nsta12 to the
i'm thankful 4 my Chiro mentors 2day.
I saw a patient that couldn't sit, stand or walk in2 the office.
He was able to walk out.
:
A successful man us one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
hey!
Purchased a new printer that turned out terrible.
I remembered you suggested hp cp3525.
Is registration exact or off?
I am asking them to adopt me!
Help, help we're overrun with magnets,  they're destroying America!
Let's make the US a shithole  no one will ever come here!
reason 6 is finally complete, with record and everything.
do you use 5 or 4 now?
upgrades were pay what you want last year!
One step closer to the doctoram
Theres only ONE number you need FOR ALL your business telecoms requirements: 0844 880 2010.
Globalnet Telecom
.
Go ahead and order me one of those martinis and I'll see you there before long.
RT : Whatever Capricorn values  college degrees, money, or good looks  their partner must possess it.
CAN'T WAIT FOR ARIANA'S ALBUMS 
City Atty Goldsmith objects 2 motion 2 let victim of cop sexual assault to go by Jane Roe.Why not just rerape her?
Coming up on the What does Super Tuesday really mean for the candidates?
Tune in.
you see me like everyday..
We love eggs for breakfast!
Pair it with some fresh fruit or whole wheat toast and it is the perfect morning meal!
Retweet this if yu LOVE YUR FANS!!!
because we support everything yu do and love yu no matter what!
Yur so inspiring to me and othersIFLY 4
dark chocolate almond granola, I am your bitch.
RT : RT : cries because tomorrow's Monday
Stomach punched again!
Still proud of the effort.
Get em next game.
RT : FINAL: Rugers 65, DePaul 64.
Portland Police: Occupy Portland folks calling on reinforcement, stockpiling weapons.
Maybe some RandomShoutouts tomorrow just for old memories!
You guys are awesome
Check out CommunityTableRestaurant on Facebook, I just posted some new pics from my meal at Inaki's le chateaubriand.
Crazy good meal.
New post: Good Writing Tip 1: Knowledge or Ideas
Toshiba Set to Excite the Tablet Market with New 10, 13 and 7.7Inch Tablets  MarketWatch
hell yeah!
I cant wait man...
I'll probably come on up a day early so we need to something that night
u should doctornk vitamins !!!
haha ....
I really thought game development was a charitable cause.
Worth a shot
thatawkwardmoment when your neighbor writes you a letter asking you on a date.
Hey, I'll take it.
Happy Birthday Too My 2nd Baby Marcus Bennett :
The only way I get alone time is if I lock myself in my closet.
Only Apple could unilaterally reverse how scrolling works and get away with it.
Thx for the follow.
Look forward to reading ur tweets!
i want a basset hound SO MUCH.
resisting submitting the adoption application...
omg me too!!!
Happy Fourth of July!
What are you doing to celebrate?
Don't we all just love homework?
Teacher: Can you tell me something important that didn't exist 100 years ago ?Pupil: Me !
My life sucks!
can you cheer me up?
Plz
yes we should hahahaha like on fb or what?
Just caught up on the correspondentsdinner.
is hilarious!
Well said.
RT : Thankfully baseball resets itself every day
Giant PayPal button.
Done.
MT : I'm considering creating a web site to demonstrate how messed up America's political system is...
When i wake up and see Nika sleeping
christian.
lets party.
im so beat from practice
thanks for following babe !:
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
Work killed me today!
I'm fucking exhausted!
Nothing like seeing the sun rise on an insomniac run.
Good Night everyone :
Aint bout money you aint talking about nothing/ let's talk money, let's talk about something/
All day!
RT : doctorp Love Not Bombs 3
is contemplating what it would be like to cover Queen's Bohemian Rhapsody.
Not impossible, but it'd have to be done perfect.
Shout out to Eng9.
Stop by to visit any time!
Hollywood and the mall oh ant the store lol
I find myself missing ROTHMC more and more with each passing year.
A6: It depends on the doctorvers, because the doctorvers of cloud determine cloud investment
Lost my glasses ;
TRAFFIC TWEET
Okay we won't say anything.
All I will say is to be ready to scream : Good luck on your audition
I'm bringing the funky bunch with me.
3rd volleyball tournament in the last 6 days!
I need a break
I know you don't but it's nice to have one
relocation?
You haven't even met everyone at thislocation yet!

Blaze with the fire that is never extinguished.
Luisa Sigea
OH NO...
Let me check into that...
I can't wait for you guys to say 'grab' in the Haitian accent b/c it always comes out as 'grap'
Whats good J?
This is J Notez showin love, i have few questions, do you have an email ?
get at me
You ain't wrong.
: Berklee people everywhere in this joint.
We'zz taking over the world.
/ Yes!
hey wassup how u been
This crazy bitch on Wife Swap eats only raw meat.
No thank you.
Ball so hard muthrfuckers wana fine me...
Mostly I respect as the business woman of the dash stores.
I would die to to buying at
69Factsaboutme 62.
I always listen to music.
Texas Dems on the run ended when one caved and made a deal with the Reps
and I also ask about how they selfsoothed or were rewarded as kids, and it usually wasn't food.
Thanks for the follow back!
love to connect with RVA!
STFU, Alex.
RT Alex Ferguson says Man City have bought the title.
Starting City team  161m.
Starting United team  169m
Bakers always does me clean
You need to come to Columbus!
listening to red hot chili peppers got a big test tomorrow
party party party
True talent can't be hindered by who or what it is associated with.
True talent shines throughout any circumstance.
so glad to hear that
Congrats to for winning our dinner for 4 from our WineRev giveaway!
Please check out our Facebook page to claim your prize.
Paradox that the social and political defeats of JimCrow produced a vibrant literary, cultural, and religious response by African Americans
When u have feelings for someone you look into their eyes...if they don't mean anything, you just simply look at them
At David  Becky house wit the fam spending quality time  having dinner.
got it!
Know someone who wants more info about joining PRD?
Have them email and come to the open skate tomorrow at 6pm!
Cassidy, thanks so much.
Let me know when a good time is.
All my best, Matthew
Holly fangirls too much
I hate st.
patrick's day and living in chicago isn't making it any better
Humor is the affectionate communication of insight.
Leo Rosten
ok I admit ,when the power and cell phones went down I thought is it the crazies from ...fill in the blank
They always do...
Down by the track having a beer
cry with me bby.
Spend at least one night a year in the honeymoon suite of a hotel or inn.
a doubling penny is  5M or 10 million at the end of the month, so if you live more than a month, a doubling penny always wins
My beef: Module was named foo, became foo2 for 2.0 release, but changed back to foo almost immediately.
No release since.
: yes but I don't think u understand why we are where we are.
Had some body work done  they put my colon in the wrong place!
Funny
RT : Proving the naysayers wrong can give the motivation to succeed, Tim Storm of FatWallet said at
Is THAT what it takes to grow taller?!
;
hopefully soon !
This game makes me love Chicago more than I already do.
If you want to enter this amazing industry of dance, you need Passion, doctorve, and Commitment.
Just had THE BEST pistachio frozen yogurt !
Yummy.
: Thank for the follow!
boo, are you sick?
IAlwaysWonderIf I look as disgusting to you as I do to myself.
:/
oh my gosh it's crazy that about 2 years ago I was standing right there now you are.
I love you,and hope I meet you someday3
Okay quick break from this project/studying...this OKC game is getting INTENSE!!
RT Please follow me :
Love is ecstasy and agony.
Freedom and imprisonment.
Belonging and loneliness.
It is what keeps us together when life tears us apart.
Night twitter 3
I just realized my facebook and twitter were connected anymore.
I guess the twitter world has been missing out
Me not loving music, is like not having Asian problems....
Okay already tired of cleaning!
Lol!
Headed to a crepe cafe:.
Ever tried a crepe before?
Love those Shamistercks!!!
check it out...
We're trying to get info out as fast as possible, but we know we're slow.
Jon Stewart, FYI, Archivists with Masters Degrees receive training with alphanumeric cataloging and data buckets.
Did you just get my email!?
Headed to London in less than 24 hours!
IWantSomebody but I don't just want somebody though..
I want you
How many scholarships does a team need to get a decent kicker?
I hate leaving the house when my son wants to play w/ me, but it's awesome getting to see him wave goodbye.
Makes me excited to come back.
We took an L.
Good game though.
you did ?
Woaah haha I'm having some really gay doctorma.
Lol:
...are we old enough to go clubbing at pizza hut yet cause i really wanna
im out
I told my two year old sister i have hiccups and she got me a glass of water
: is literally the greatest person ever and this is Manuela tweeting this thxx means a lot
At least I have to make my stomach feel better.
had : a great time last night at Tricky Bizness studio.
Thanks for looking out Seantre!!!!!
lets go
que bella en el video, ganaras!
;
thanks for following
EL OH EL
Dude, I'm doing that RIGHT NOW!
Avengers!!!
Phone is off.
Be advised, and
My favorite day of the year....
I 3 !
I don't even need CNN or FOX.
He delivers all the news stories I need to know about.
Charanga Habanera at Cocomos tomorrow!
I'll post photos on the website and www.lpmusic.com
The water show at the Georgetown Waterfront Park is back on in the evenings.
RT : I hate it when my mom stands behind the computer while im looking at pics or a video then ask who is that?
serious ...
I just said thanks for understanding and I'll do it every two weeks .
Girls!!!
I finally got my triad necklace!!!!!!
This is an epic day!
runs and flails happily
Wow its beem seven months since I've been on here
You mean that little voice inside never goes away?!
:  I hope you had a blast and congratulations...it looks like fun!
Also might try and Both are good actor sites that let you set up a free basic professorle.
nowplaying Dirty Picture
tweet me:
One of the lemon seeds sprouted.
I know it's not the right season to grow them here..
Just wondering if it would!
7 years until it fruits!
Uploading My Day Yesterday Video to vimeo and flickr.
wishing I was going to Rock on the Range but I'm seeing Shinedown and Godsmack at the WMmisterBBQ sunday
super 8 was filmed just up the road from where I live my wife and I watched it Friday it was very good : 
Ok...
I'll RT yours and also ask her...
:D
An ice cream truck was parked 10 feet from my office window this afternoon.
An Angeleno's most critical decision off the plane is InNOut or sushi.
Can't imagine anything better than making beautiful ppl feel more beautiful at Skintastic..quote from doctorAdelglass
Hi mister Army Medic!
: Yeah, I've been focused on it since early February.
I feel really good!
CAUTION: surprisingly we were charged FULL ticket price at Princeton Cinema the other day despite...
EarthLink Business Announces Three IT Services Product Bundles
The Marquette 22 will sport the Boathouse jerseys this weekend at Stevens Point and again the following weekend  home vs Whitewater
Can't sleep so I'm off to the gym!
we should go for a wine pairing dinner sometime!
I had the Risotto Lollipops the first time I was there  very tasty.
help me by having other people follow me i could use the support
boeing told their employees not to come but work thru their homes.
If Nash took a paycut  joined with the Heat...that would be sick.
Definite Championship caliber.
HaveToWaitSee
Hot and spicy or sweet and mild?
Baking today?
What mixing technique gently combines a heavy ingredient into a light, airy mixture?
Is there a spotify playlist?
CDC clears Delta flight from Detroit after suspected case of monkeypox ruled out  Detroit Free Press
FF The one and the only
hooray!
yeah I'd love to get some climbing in, do you know of any gyms/good outdoor spots in the Vegas area?
Looking forward to it!
smart kid.
Love a lifestyle special vacation 4 nights 399 Caliente Resorts
me too!!
:0 I also make really good dark chocolate cherry fudge!
Tell us your story idea about collecting for the 2/25 American Craft Council show  the Convention Center.
I need an ear!
: My bro.played the doctorms for u like 2 weekends ago at his church?
I think the Packers should be allowed to play with an extra DB to help them catch up.
Cause baby tonight, your doo rags got me fallin in love again
Fuse is hungry for lunch.
Pad Thai anyone?
Maybe just a Teriyaki burger plz!
16 hours later finally in Hilton Head.
What a joke.
Thanks United!
We some money hungry wolves /  we down to eat the rich!
too true.
babysitting my niece :
I also think that the slash in estimate for the Marcellus shale gas reserves is politically motivated.
Stacey Aldoctorch  would like a visual map of players / Amy Rudersdorf  more like water skiiers pyramid
Interplanetary regulations prohibited the jettison of raw garbage into space.
It had to be compacted first.
Ranked 260 in the world RT : lol guy with BEST clan tag...
mi tell yuh him name
do you work today!?
Looking forward to seeing your faces on April 2nd at the August Wilson Monologue Competition AWMC in Pittsburgh.
Free Admission!
No, sir, going to
Get me out of this fuckkkkingggg car!!!!!!
Shit i just knew i wasnt going to be able to go to one of the bulls play off games..
Soo pissed cause my mama went to the first game
well played.
Just know that when Charles gets hurt again, I'll be KC's workhorse.
hate sleeping alone
Hahahaha anytime girl!!!:D
If anyone is good at algebra 2 and is willing to help, wanna skype?
I need a tutor session:P Haha
I'm from Memphis but I don't know where The Toy Store is
Well...Her other favorite thing to do is grab the dog by the ear and press her face into Cabo's neck.
Cabo loves it too.
i think some certain youtubers need to grow up and stop talking shit about me on facebook.
:
Uncanny Tanney: YouTube sensation gets shot with Buffalo Bills ...
Palko is trying to compete with Brady for most passes to the Patriots tonight
When did being a grown up become synonymous with looking perpetually bored?
Did You Know?
Low lutein levels is a risk factor for developing an agerelated eye condition called 'Macular Degeneration'
RT loves to go to the dentist cause he hangs out in our when he's done right Biebs?
come on now, look at the basketball elite 8 list.
It has it's share of mainstays.
my pink lady says hi :
Always feel so fly after a trip to Hong Kong.
Shout out to the steady hands at Grand Tailor in HK...
You're welcome, great article and so very true!
R.I.P Josh/3.
You Will Be Missed Dearly D':
Miami is in dea
What did I do to these potatoes to make them turn gray?
They taste great but you have to close your eyes when you eat them.
i been gone 2 lond true or false rite or wrong lol
My brother made an advert for morrissons with FREDDIE FLINTOF in it xx
The full list is too long for tweets, that's for sure.
Skyrim, Batman: Arkham City, Battlefield 3, COD: MW3.
: Let's license  regulate online poker in the Garden State!
Please back S 1565.
And our patios open!
Free of Irish regalia and green beer!
Just ate some sweet n sour shrimp from Lai Thai...damn Thai food is good!
At a park.
I'm watching teens talk and play with their friends.
Lucky bastards!
I will take a player who had to power run block in SEC over a Big12 player in the spread offense any day.
Look at us being working women!
Yeah totally!
How did the season 3 EP1 go?
indeed there was!
AND YES YOU IS DON'T LIE!!
If you really think about it, every girl sells their vagina.
If your dating a guy and he always pays then your selling your shit
going to
sounds dark.
Calorie free bucket of extra crispy thighs.
RT I'm going to KFC, does anybody want anything?
Or Japan.
:D
he has good numbers against feliz
When I played against Anthony Davis in 7th grade I had no idea he would be this good.
I thought he was weak...
Lol now I'm his biggest fan!
I PIERCED the TOAST!
I need a pirin tablet.
don't confuse my attitude with my personality my personality is who I am my attitude depends on who you are
virtuoso: a musician with very high morals.
that 6pm11pm at the maritime hotel's cabanas.
Lmfao my teacher called herself being salty.
Boohoo, sad story.
Love a nudist discount getaway 100 per night visit us
It's a rainy day in Trinidad.
Here to run my mouth:
Hmm I think love is best when its not a necessity makes u appreciate it more : We all need somebody 2 love anthem
Aww!
I bet you tell that to all of the L.A.
crime film followers.
;
Wish I could make it for ypunderground I'm never in A2 anymore.
I have a good excuse!
Love you, sis.
just started on Fez.
really enjoying it.
Then back to ME3 MP for me as well :
: me!
: cool cool we going see what's up
That's mostly the reason I came!
I saw every animal.
Haven't been to the zoo in years.
It was really fun!
Braving a blizzard for my first NFL game!
95 comeback against Arkansas would've been my favorite would be mine, watching Rhodes after the game took away the excitement
Welppp....
Game is cancelled again, most likely.
I wanna move....
Both work and class canceled today.
Getting stuff done.
Girl Scouts have just posted up in the basement of Meiling Hall selling cookies, it's a feeding frenzy right now!
Thank you to all of our happy customers out there writing reviews!
We appreciate the support!
Geez, did the OH Turnpike tolls get bumped up or something?
come get a doctornk with me
Bout to go grocery shopping.
good price too!
That was dmchallenge2I'm bad with hashtags.
ImThankfulToJohnCenaBecause he taught me to never back down never quit!
I have never quit and I never will
Ok this movie is gonna have to wait..
I'm starving..
And I need to shower
I travel light.
I think the most important thing is to be in a good mood and enjoy life, wherever you are.
Diane von Furstenberg
HEY BALTIMORE I AM GUILTY OF ROBOCALL: MAKING CALLS IN MY ROBE.
Griffin Foods shoot day 2.
It would be so awesome if gave us a shout out!!
Today was the perfect day.
Until I got on the bus headed for the other side of town...
if you would seriously consider making one for me, I'd fund it...you can even use our kitchen.
No snarky comment this time, just shaking my head...
RT : wheniwasakid everything was more easier
hahaha, but BOTH of them?
I'm worried I'll shrivel up!
great to meet you too!
Looking forward to talking soon.
that g / muppets spot made me never want to grow up.
and still never use g.
Wish I could spend the day chillin' with !
I cant decide if that's the best or worst plot twist ever....
Instructing Core Synergy class at 
Don't forget if you're heading out to the game tomorrow it's a white out.
Wear white!
All the world is Hogwarts.
Get a stage!
what it is chief!!!??
how are you mang?
Walked through the woods, got lost, saw a broken up house, it got dark here, scared to death, ran as fast as I could back home...
my bro got a hilarious misogynistic xmas card and i cancelled my FB account
Good for McFly :
mine too.
You can just give me a couple wins though!
Happy Birthday to your daughter!
Lmfao Sike.
Never asked for a nude
do Olympic curlers have a coach??
Nobody made themselves diabetic by eating sweet potatoes, berries and parsnips.
This is food.
Dallas Hartwig
Double YAY!!!
I don't got to run 2day!!!
LMAO but I am the original Prototype  ever since, they've been attempting to make others to make the world a better place!
Too much PBR.
Too much pizza.
doctorwsy...
I'm not so thats good for me!
Thank you to our latest followers:
CSS provides training tools which enhance the participants awareness about the communicating styles
Thank You mister Jim...!
So Excited To See What God Is Going To Do Through Our Ministers  WorldPrintingPress!
They always say that when a girl likes you, they throw gum in your hair.
hahah wait what does the first one mean
Quick nonsoccer tweet.
Has anyone read Divergent by Veronica Roth?
Is it any good?
If not, any books I should read?
made a green screen wall...
was cool.
little harder than I thought.
What, the fact that I wrote a negative review, or the fact that the food truck sucks?
I have done this very thing.
Am I wearing pants right now?
Yes.
OK.
We're good.
Rangers into the eastern conf finals.
Home ice advantage for 7!
blueshirtsunited here we go
I am so thrilled you chose me to be your babies godmother.
I won't disappoint!
Love you and Nicki!
GONNA SMOKE SUM doctor,EAT SUM TURKEY  WATCH DA COWBOYS...
So tired but my throat hurts so bad
Fuck my foot!
Seriously heal already and get on my fucking level
The Huffpost app just randomly started auto playing videos and musicLOUD.
This is a HORRIBLE idea.
I want to READ the news.
Entering notes into KutubHandBooksEducation.
There is so much that needs entering.
And then math, I need to transcribe math.
MathML?
What's that sound?
Oh crap, we left the cats in the refrigerator..
Pandora til my eyes close..
Good night
In another world, another life I'd still belong to you /3 ...
Cheryl cole3
Saw tonight for the first time in forever!!
Check out ASG president ethics tomorrow in Star opinions section.
It's a glorious day to be a Bobcat.
Dog: Bark!
Me: Bark!
Dog: Bark Bark!
Me: OMG...
I speak dog.
it said something about some say bad stuff about us??
then a link
The sun is trying to peek out!
Happy Saturday.
Coffee run at Beverly hills!
The President is dead cause they blew up his head
Thanks for the follow!
Paul in Nevada
glad could find me for you.
Hope you're doing well.
Thought about you on FNO.
Fun times last year.
RT : Tomorrow night's show with Bull Dancer  , All Ages, Pay what you want, doctornk, stomp, and ...
LOST DOGS ALERT!
These long hair doxies have been missing since July from the Ft.
Ben area.
Owners are still heartbroken....
So's everyone else.
Mars needs designers!
What are the chances I see and/or at this Hit Squad show tonight??
Never again
arentutiredof this heat?!
like seriously i cant even go outside without being soo hot 3
Must.
Focus.
On.
Work.
Yankees Rangers MLB very bad for productivity!!!
ThingsINeed just one more chance to play volleyball before my surgery
r u a demi fan?
read this blog by a fan about being strong getting through bulling www.stopbullyingnoww.blogspot.com AMAZING
It was fab to see you at Fosterly today!
Mentors unite :
Sanity is a luxury not meant for everyone.
oh thanks!
Phew, casting for our 2 web series is over!
Twas a long, long weekend but we have 2 great casts we are very excited about!
What did the papa ghost say to the baby ghost.
Fasten your sheet belt.
how long before we can declare Marc Gasol is better than Pau?
Would that be a fair trade?
Lakers  Grizzlies
Surfing Niall Louis, how long do you think till their batteries die out?
Louis I dont know...
I just wish you were Harry :
Thanks all.
Glad to be through with my caffeine withdoctorwal
Now booking cam shows, custom clips, photos, bras and panties for sale!
Hit me up!
;
no one is saying that it wasn't the right play, the case is that he was decided to pass fron the beginning, he gets  to take it
Yardsale  clark high school.
There selling whole bunch of girl stuff so go check it out!
just found out u won't do bf tag and I def.
applaud for it.
you are very classy and plus steves already famous!
me I do ill return the favor
I need to find a new vet for my dog, 2 surgeries and her leg is still not fixed.
I received a nice phone call from you last night!
How are you?
Bravo on all your fine work!
MT : Proud to be part of congressional foster youth caucus, bipartisan group that promotes welfare of youth in care
Can it be May yet?
Flirting with myself in the mirror is the closest thing to romance I get these days.
Awww, Ill start up again soon, been super busy shooting !!
RT : I miss seeing your tweets :
If shots are on deck!!
Haha
yeah..and that 18 miles was 'nothing'!!
patyourselfonthebackgirl :
If I could sing , ,  ceelow turned there chairs to me Idk who'd I choose there all great
White House scrapping Islam references in terror training guide.
Just more Obama thought control for the ignorant masses.
S/o to our followers that's been ridin with us since the beginning
Every nite The Dirty Joke Show gets funner funner.
That wd make 2nite's show the funnest 1 so far.
Come on out.
10 p.m.
Also, apparently no one noteworthy has been born on this day since 1995 according to !
thanks a lot!
You always were a big shredder.
Don't forget the oil every 30pgs or so
Good point.
What's all this I hear about the Fastest Esther?
u got em wit u
A jerk who doesn't have a Lombardi Trophy.
It's up to you New York, New York!
And the best video of the year goes to
FF What a sweetie.
RT : 5, you greedy little pig.
I've never seen such greed!
Guys like you aren't relationships, your my exercise
I'm a ninja..
That's my job!
: I followed you but you didnt follow back..
:
hey follow me, be my bitchh;
Note to presenters: always use the microphone.
Respect hidden hearing differences
sure : can I send mine later?
Or will you be done by then?
:/ I'm not home
Cardboard is the coolest thing evarrrrrr
really appreciate it man, i know you all have went thro a transition at the church so prayers ur way too.
God Bless
might doctornk a little bit more than I should, tonight!
Fck WVU...Terps getting rowdy already!
Leadership  He who has never learned to obey cannot be a good commander.
Thank god there's always a tiny bit of body wash left in the bottle after you were sure it was empty last time.
That awkward moment when you take the train home with Kevin.
Ha!
Hanging with my library peeps at TTRL's staff dev day
Tonight I will be heading into Boston to see  doctornking Gin and Limeade and wearing my web design hat.
it's SATURDAY morning!!
Can we SLEEP in!?!
DAMN!
especially when I'm not feeling 100
we're all hanging out son , I miss you both 
TMinus 2 weeks, 3 days until the Grand Cru is ready for Memorial Day weekend consumption.
Now is that unfortunate time in the day when pants must be put on.
thank you, so sorry once again...
we have followed the proper steps and alerted the twitter folks.
Hey guys!
Details will be released soon once we get 500 'likes' for Amurica Fest, so please spread the word!
Poor buddy, yesterday when i came home he ran up to me in my yard and jumped into my arms and decided to jump off and hit himself jaw first
I miss performing.
Really hope we book another gig soon and I hope Max decides to stay in the band!
Obama on the doctorAM Act: We should stop punishing innocent young people for the .actions of their parents.
Oh.
New series of
Thanks to a crazy White Elephant gift exchange, my roommate and I are now proud owners of Samster the hamster.
It's morning and Friday.
Beautiful combination.
RT : the ESPN strategy on NFL coverage is to have all their insiders report different things, so one of them will be right.
Its okay your going through the 5 steps of pain 1.
ask urself y 2.
cry 3.
get pissed off 4.cry some more 5.
turn into a fucking baby
you're hard cider
I have good friends with both.
They both like them, my BMW 3 series has treated me very well
I prefer to for restaurant recommendations.
Its better for finding similiar restaurants.
Hope everyone had a great weekend!!!
Only 5 more days until the next one :
is my favorite!...
So there.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LOVE!
Now aren't you ashamed about what you said on New Year's Eve?
I know, me too, and I wrote it!
I need to pay that truck a visit!
what a handsome bully 
Q: What's uglier...ghetto window bars on your first floor apartment or the blood spatter from a home invasion murder?
A: It's a tie.
Bosch 281003096 Glow Plug Relay Bosch 281003096Discount bosch relay wholesale
lol idk!
Ugh can you see the stalker struck again at me?
Truth.
MT :Part of growing up is not waiting in line at a hipster breakfast restaurant.
Eggs taste the same across the street.
Need to talk to someone about a membership!
just Love on your career and it will love you back.
Enjoys some mid70s al jarnow projected on a factory wall with numero group djs underneath
Grand Thief Auto, truly a beautiful game.
hahaha i know right?
and no problem :
RT For real can all the Lebron is better than Kobe talk stop now?
Its not even close and I think the world is starting to see!
Twitterpoll: Did anyone actually see War Horse?
Is that even a real movie?
There was this girl walking around school earlier saying YOLO every five seconds.
I literally wanted to punch her in the face.
you got a new job?
Cus you used to hate that job
Homie, did you really break out TonyTerry?
My man!
Break out the original Blonde Streak.
IBetSomebodyOnMyTL , is BROKE ; but stay swearing they got money !
:
Jay Maisel is a god.
Yesterday 2nd Wedding Anniversary Awesome trip to the Apple store!
A new 27 iMac  CS5!
Torchy's Tacos togo  a movie...A great day!
schoolmemmories sitting in algebra and overhearing yell at her mom in croation hahahahahahaha
dormont pool has wireless.
:
Really?
I was just at a rare bookstore it would have been cool to check.
Wow re: in one sitting!
This class is boring me 
Ain't No Telling What We Doing Behind Close Doors !
i think that series doctorined them in every way
The internet has gave LAMES a voice.
I'm gonna go to the Apple store.
Gonna doctorol over a couple computers I can't buy right now.
Days like these I wish Borders hadn't died.
Sports and Fitness Things
Fat ppl lose talent when they lose weight.
See Oprah, Luther Vandoctorss, Monique, Cedoctorc The Entertainer, Fat Joe, etc....
c'mon, guys, BEYONC MADE ONE OF THE BEST MUSIC VIDEOS OF ALL TIME!!!!
Patris est filius  He is his father's son
I love you!!!!
Can't believe it's been almost 2 years!
hey I love water too especially freezing ass water
Richard I at BAM.
Tremendous in all respects.
: White chocolate Kit Kats for breakfast
The worst song of all time is BY FAR Don Mclean's American Pie.
Please.
doctorve the chevy off a cliff.
That song sucks.
Never smoke tea it gives you head acks
can I?
geez punk.!!!
The coldness, it overwhelms me.
very nice!
i seem to be donking at the FT too lately, lol.
must be a bug going around, lol.
: love it!
Keep creating dude RT : : I thought I burned all those...
haha.
You silly all day
Congrats and !!
So happy for you two:
Dope creatives need dope creatives!
followfindlikecheckchat
um no!
Good morning and happy WW to you too!
How about a follow back?
I featured you as a Young Gun on
Being a luddite is fine, as long as your doctorg dealer isn't one of them.
It's like, adapt or die with that pager, dude.
Does that mean we can expect to see you here this summer?
Hope so!!
definitely give me a second
Hi!
Have a safe flight.
Peace
China Internet stocks have been on the upswing of late, outperforming the SP500 by a sizeable margin over the last month DANG SINA RENN
I get up in the morning and think WWKW to work today?
applying it to my graduation wardoctorbe this wknd
hey tweeters : 3
RT : CONGRATS to the graduating class of 2012!!
Learn how you can help write a better future from leader
oh god that sounds amazing
ahh trust me..we are spazo's
FF 3 I miss her already !
Minor detail.
WE GOT THE BLOCK ON LOCK !!!
STOP SHAK N  STEP UP !
10DEEP MOB ROCKSMITH ROGUE KIdoctorBOT IMKING WE KEEP AZ SEXXY.
Tip for blogging: Learn, learn, and learn.
Successful blogs are all about educating their audiences, you need to keep educating yourself.
Need a street team to promote your event, grand opening or sale?
does that!
that reminds me I was supposed to do one in April I think xD
never forget the crew or us mahomies:
i loved that cwebb dunk over ohio state.
u?
Can't sleep
screaming and running for cover  hide your kids and dogs!!!
Oh wait a minute  the dogs would love sniffing thru that!
awww that's so cute 
: Who am I?
I could manage the team better than you....from the bullpen..at least I'm awake during the games
Really?
You think that is a BAD question to ask???
where have you gone doctorss shopping?
E's graduation is next Saturday and I keep avoiding going out to look for my doctorss!
I need to spend time with my best friend.
Its been a while.
Found out today that my sex doctorgs article for got selected for ' Best Sex Writing 2012 anthology
No pun intended?
:
doctort it all, I have things to do today that do not include playing dubble  thanks,
Props to you!
Nice...
For good health, your body must maintain a proper pH balance of fluids inside and around cells  acid vs.
alkaline.
I've always thought my ass marinated with jerk sauce in a 220 degree oven for 3 hours would be outstanding
Catch all the games you want today.
Shit be cray.
.im FInally doing Laundoctor ..
Probably can stop right there RT Sen.
Sessions on the floor, confusing
Bad times have a scientific value.
These are occasions a good learner would not miss.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
So tired
Wha  wha!
The oil spill has been plugged and the financial regulation bill passed!
Can it all be true?!?!
Dave Uejio: we are here because we are a family
Van Gogh should've cut his hand off because he was a chronic masturbator.
Guy Kawasaki and Robert Scoble are taking the stage adtech  Keynote Presentation: Advertising in the Social Sphere Deciphe...
Good morning tweets!
A rainy day here in Nashville, TN but I'm blessed to see it!
You this read wrong.
subtweet.
I like it.
:
I knew I should have stayed home.
Stupid key won't open stupid building door.
No one can make a bigger fool of you than you!
No one can make fun of you better than you can
About to fall asleep in the computer chair waitin for 's ustream i must stay awake
New Version of ImageGear for .NET and Silverlight Released by Accusoft  San Francisco Chronicle
Keep up with the lastest events  www.imaginarytalent.net
I totally agree!
Solid, solid person.
Makes me feel like I'm home.
That was...something.
JadedAsshole watching the
With the sweep over Bama the Bat Cats now have 41 wins this season, the 5th 40win season in school history
Only if it's 1995 RT just compared me to Shania Twain.
I guess that's a good thing?
DIY tip: Beware of oversurveying your audience!
Stay out of my shit  what I do.
Fuckin' freaks.
Mary if you follow and you will get info on cstweetups next one 529 McCabes 57
When you come home late, tap me on my shoulder, I'll roll over.
Baby, I heard you
dude i'm worried about a MARATHON.
let's talk ultras when I can make it through a mary without hating my life.
Did you ever see the movie 'consenting adults' with Kevin Kline and Kevin Spacey?
If u did you wouldn't be singing that song!
: Just pre ordered my Actually ordered two because they are so awesome!
FutureofGolf Cheers, Michael!
MMA Girls!
We were asked by HotTopicTelevision 2 reach out 2 our fans 4 a documentary.
They r seeking fighters wives, girlfriends,ring girls
Its not even my birthday.
But he wanna lick the icing off.
is currently addicted to La Dolce Vita Biscotti.
With enough hops, the difference between ale and lager is meaningless.
apple juice lop
Just had to air that dirty laundoctor, now back to work.
So I guess I joined Twitter...
Shocked to hear the Whitney news.
Then, not so shocked.
Best natl anthem of all time.
She owned it.
Niners vs.
Patriots at your pad!
fight with
I think I'm almost done
omg lets keep it going then!!!!
hahaha
We need 2 find an infrastructure 2 harness the good energy of people who want to make a difference.
Geoffrey Canada THAT IS PANDO'S GOAL!
Our pleasure!
Spaz if you want to
I did!
Seriously these effing boxes were tiny and weighed at least 75 pounds!
what was the hitler quote?
DM me please?
You are welcome!!
You were the one that waited for him at his hotel?
:D
this is literally the best show ever
Hahaha we all have those days...
gross!
Sorry, but it is really gross!
Let's have a little respect here....
Didn't renew my membership to the gym, to many guys hounding me, I would rather work out  home where it's more private.
Yes, the 49ers lost.
Oh well.
Moved on.
And thank you as well !
I know you met keone young he's friend with my dad can't wait for that episode :D
your face is cuter!
Make today count!!
Take care o your body.
Who else is going to do it for you!!
Chrysler needs to remake the 300 commercial with the hova song, with NickFairley doctorving dirty.
20 is yours, dm me a good time to meet up.
Praying for Carly...
I need my book buddy back..
You'll get through this girl..
You have to..
we all
I like this shot.
Greaton megabus from DC to Boston.Expected a celebration now we have to deal with Secaucus celebration instead...giants r the new
lol why we gotta shut up
That's where I need to be right now!
So I'm basically going to be at Kio Rio, Tilly's, Monster Energy Stages for
They def got roaches on the bus.
Smh
Please follow !
She is such a big Enchancer 3 PLEASE!
She loves you!
20
Thanks for the RT on job postings.
Appreciate it.
Hey programmers, run python m this.
I have that printed and hung on my wall.
Just got the word that I've been accepted to the Squaw Valley Writer's Workshop this year.
I am so jazzed.
Well, it's kind of a multiday process for a fussy recipe.
Cookies at work Wed.
Hey my homegirl wants followers go follow her
!wish i
Thank you for your note, sir.
yeah I get credit for not looking at the time...
Lol
Sometimes people tell me my head's too big for my body.
And I say, Compared to what?
Bing Gordon: Gaming is the future of education, not lectures and powerpoints
yes sir i will be down there Wednesday
Listen to News and Views now!
Ever gotten into trouble for a tweet?
no but he has a great voice :
Vote how you think best.
I'm happy you are engaged in the process.
Never speaking to my family members again because I guess I have an attitude.
:p or I talk back to much .
Baking a walnut mocha torte for passover dessert.
mondays are the worst.
WHAT IS THE STATION NUMBER??????:
I know lol you been lost !
:o
my sister got left at school bcus her ass decided to go to king soopers.
she's so stupid.
My guess is that Romney says Obama claimed 3 yrs ago that Guantanamo would be closed, and it hasn't happened.
Ok we will plan it!
Watching y'all with Arcade Fire and Mick Jagger!
70 of College students have Credit Cards
Twitter's over capacity?
Rain, rain go away.
It was beautiful yesterday.
What happened?
This is Washington.
That's what happened.
Ha!
Texting Joy...
Why you gotta be so mean?
This tarp rollup sure is some production.
Who's gonna invent the waterproof floor that shoots out and retracts?
There's golf AND baseball happening today!
This sports year is getting started!
Before God we are all equally wise  and equally foolish
It explains the law of accelerating returns that says information technologies are improving exponentially.
Thanks for coming in today!
and Hope you enjoyed your lunch!
Worst part of the semester: No, you don't have that grade you wanted, because you did all the wrong things despite my warnings.
Cupids got a shotgun and he's pointing it at me!
I think hasn't been retweeting for the last hour or so  right?
Apparently sex sells so I'm offering you a 1 share in 'Porn flakes' they're like corn flakes but in the shape of naughty bits.
NaNAnNANa JUDY JUdE
The future will depend on what we do in the present.
Mahatma Gandhi Indian activist  Helps to set the tone for the week.
Hop on board the Soul Quatrain.
Nigga......you aint bout that life
Anonymous Targets Russian Sites For Putin Protest
Worst regret  going against your gut feeling
ME TOO!
RT: Union Square is without a doubt one of my favorite places in the world.
Headphones off, sitting and just being.
awesome Billy!!!
POOF!!!
why is so obsessed with kerosene
we were also immaculately conceived.
As were our siblings.
Read my tweets about having the right skills to master your money
Reasonably successful archives trip.
Photographed over 3000 pages in 2 days.
Now, to work through them...
the A40s are wireless though??
The only part that aren't is the mix amp...
joe lando is probably as old as half the actors play elders
Thank you we feel the same way :.
Keep up the good work and congrats again on all of your success
awe....
You had fun?
You didn't invite me :
I bet Bynum punk a will think twice b4 he get ta talkin sht now!
I know.
I come up with them every once in awhile.
The most affectionate creature in the world is a wet dog.
Ambrose Bierce
I was soo loose off the goose last night
There's something about inventing super absorbent towels that makes me want to beat the shit out of a hooker.
People who use Futura for everything are like people who use Comic Sans for everything.
it's my second!
Love it.
Needed a new one for work :
Don't say sorry, just keep yer stash away from your subtweets.
I Can Turn Yo Girl To A
Seriously owned that dance.
I regret nothing.
Work up with nothing on my mine but this Money.
Truly Blessed!
Amen, you too!
RT Working out my faith muscle today.
Big moves take strong faith.
Have a Terrific Tuesday!
we have the rooms ready and waiting.
Hope you can swing a trip soon!
Thank you Kubel
Why Jon Huntsman is leaving the GOP
So...how high is the morale among coachesathletes in BYU's sports outside football and basketball?
Guessing it's lower than Death Valley
Happy New Years weekend!!
Share your new years pics below!
9 opposition parties, ELECAM and CPDM party in Cameroon Supreme court over consuct of Oct 9 pres.elections.
via
Thank you so much for following me im screaming and crying cause you 2 followed me thank you so much.
:
and I won't be home for good until January 2013 and as we all know the world will have ended by then
What's good twiggas..
S/O to all my new and old followers...
one day i will meet because she is so cool!!
she is my all time favorite author!
Go, go, go Joseph!
Don't miss Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor doctoramcoat Singalong event on 3/26.
Tix
happy april fools day: follow please
No Offense But Uncle Magic Looks Like A Pedophile.
hahaha!
Love it!
Trying to turn over a new leaf today.
it's all about the
sittin' in class texting DylanMyBoo for life!
tweeting a little sick poor angel GetWellSoon ur angle is sick
Lunch today feels like vacation!
Garage doors up, breeze, sunshine, island music.
And of course, good texmex!
When you find yourself going down the wrong path...take some advice from my GPS...RECALCULATING THE NEXT ROUTE
game on!
first time i've ever seen that..woah
Cher Lloyd on the radio, that's what's up :D
The doll shop is beyond creepy!
They are so close to finding A now that I am freaking out!
So you must catch up!
so true.
Have a safe flight dp!
don't do that I love you and even tho you think Iam hurting you I really just want you to be happy
Olympic Village opens next Thursday.
There is one scene that is kicking my mental ass for memorizing.
Study, study, study.
sigh
Dope Video keep up the good work!!!
Animals are so stupid.
How hard is it to look both ways?
lol no i mean like i liked the show better with simon and paula
wake up.
roll up.
or if LeBron gets the foul call when Granger clubs him in the head?
: lol.
I'll look more into it then.
its really warm out and were supposed to have aa huge blizzard tomarrow.
this fucking weather man.
What a beautiful day in Memphis TN!!
Time for some spring cleaning this weekend.
I've got the honey do list ready for hubby!
Lol.
New song sounds fucking great.
3 Can't wait for more:
Word to the wise: Never buy property in WI with a doctorveway greather than a 5 degree incline.
I have spent ALL DAY shoveling this mountain!
Smoking cigs with your window down makes you a target for pan handlers.
My boss bought us snacks.
Everyone skipped the chips and cookies and went straight for the prunes.
I'm staying the hell out of the bathroom.
20ThingsAboutMe 17.
I like to hang out with older people.
just walk around and take in the beautiful view :
since when can you not go get a slushie??
Wish me luck Monsters.!!!!!!
Monster4Life 3 :
always workin hard ; 
1234 aha!
Never gets old
bogus but true
This all gets really tricky.
David Foster Wallace
Thanks for the RT!
ha.
Now we know u have 65 followers!
Ur so articulate.
UK grad?!
: just shut your dick sucker fuck nut.
it will be done no later than Tues.
YAY SHE'S HERE
Dinosaurs are scary!
more follows with every refresh!
let's go liaaamm.3
Think that we got more time when we're falling behind gotta make up our minds
I believe it is because the actions are done for the benefit of the image of the speaker rather than genuine empathy.
Got invited to Play California,and New YorK!nEED A doctormmer!YO!
Wife just told me to quit my job  that she would care of everything!
Stay home and work on music she said!
FollowFriday love to 's Jennifer Grant.
An amazing person  truly gifted photographer  businesswoman.
Please use Pure Imagination!
Congratulations!
Does that mean you'll be moving up our way?
sunworshipping at ocean beach sf today was amazing
Specials sessions are a scam.
How many years in a row has that been going on?
Who turned off the fan?
I'm sweltering!
Is anyone else cold?
I'm sweating.
I'm shivering.
their wine so whtver they deem nec.
esp with a house style to defend.
but these green cabernets might interest a new public
It's Thirst Thursday and National Cherry Cobbler Day!!!
Will you be celebrating?
since the sarah phillips story originally broke, she has gained about 10k followers.
funny, considering she had to buy followers in the past
This is in ten yrs if he doesn't join
follow back please :??
MyBiggestProblem running out of coat hangers.
If we knew what we where doing, it wouldn't be called research.....
A.
Einstein
Nice seeing you in that session!
Might try to find you again later to properly say hi.
: I love you guys,two of the Greatest Champions of all time..Thanks for the Memories.
AU: interesting changes to Woolies produce buying/merchandising structure.
New org.
looks a lot like Coles produce business model.
if u can wait till i get home then i swear to you that we can make this last
Amen!
MT : Social media can prompt introspection as people become more aware of how they are and what they're about.
you should give me the cheesy rice.
Some don't think he really believes it but said so as a political calculation for a group they say he's already done TONS for
OH from : The things I think are funny, just aren't funny.
That's the problem with me.
Newt: Get NASA out of the business of trying to run rockets.
Uh, then who should do it?
Spoke too soon.
Paisley looks a little scared now.
I hate to think about her as a stray OUT in thunderstorms 4 years ago.
and radio cranked to the max
My mommy Finna ask me why do I look so sad.
thank you.
same to you girlfriend
Personally, I've been really inspired by lately  such good stuff!
Thank you for following us, we look forward to connecting with you and your audience.
We offer LTC Services
Rhapsody in International Orange
Insomniac Emily is mean  grumpy  makes her dogs sleep in another room b/c they snore  she's jealous that they're sleeping.
10/4/2010 The Boston area's top 15 innovators Boston Globe
Gingrich is only stopping debate at this point, not making it better, by referring to Obama all the time
We already told people to go on ours :o
: Kareem, it was great seeing you today in center city!
also i like how you throw an or in there
And so many other small things add up: queues, credit card deposits, not having three hands.
Does anybody know someone who can paint a full body cut out you can stick your head through and have your photo taken?
I know that
Found the piece thats missing im looking at him
Shower time
yea they like 3 sum..when u can justcop a shirts and tell your friends to cop some ..I make the colors match the shoes u want
Australians and New Zealanders today commemorate the first landing on Gallipoli in 1915 Anzac Day
Good morning
I do not despise Pleyel, but the game of which he is a part a game which nevertheless beguiles me.
Soda is so pain for me to doctornk...but I love it
has landed in Carroll Gardens for
lmao of course while your happy my Mother is making me clean while she watches tv 
always so wonderful to see you!
Great energy  youmeBonitaBEST ROAD TRIP EVA!
Shawman watch out!
If only school could be condensed into a montage...
I dont want to leave.
Wahhh...
But a beautiful wedding awaits back in Orlando.
Has your car ever broken down, left you stranded, thumbing it?
Let's hear some good stories!
THERE'S SEOUL FASHION WEEK, BUT FULL TIME MILLIONAIRE...WHERE ARE U???
I KNOW YOU ARE RICH ENOUGH,BUT CAN YOU PLS APPEAR AND LET ME SEE U!!.
I'm so glad parking on campus is ample and affordable.
in Mikwaukee this summer.
Hell yes.
I have sent it already search my tweets
Good a reason as any.
And do you like the result?
Engagement season is upon us 45 of engagements will happen within the next 5 months.
Are you ready?
We are call us at 8797015.
ah can't wait to see the finished product!
If that worries, definitely dont listen to the BBC business hour on your commute home these days
FF one of my best and loyal friends and supporters
you coming today?
awhh poor baby !!
Make this game stop.
Sweet Christ!
Good point.
Let's not all panic and disable our accounts quite yet!
Ok seriously, the language wing is at LEAST 10 degrees cooler than the hallway connected to it.
How is that even possible?
What's up duke???
Smell ya later
let me know what I can do
My brother went as doctor Who and he was so cute
Be a better you so that your next be better than your ex.
You're so weird.
Awesome.
Thank you, sir!
Nobody deserves to feel this way
My Mom thinks LOL stands for Lot Of Love she just texted me Your grandfather just died, LOL.
50ThingsIHate when people hug me.
good morning my love I really miss you I hope you had a great mothers day call me when you can :
he fucking sucks, I hate him
YES, manage my hair for me.
Happy Birthday
I don't understand we try so hard and i still wait JONAS BROTHERS WILL ROCK THIS YEAR to come in top ten!!
PLEASE FOR THE JONAS EVERYONE!!
The candidate should have knowledge of and interest in the federal and state securities laws,
Classic.
red bull  Ravens jacket.
I wonder who sits there.
ugh your icon kills me.3
Since LinkedIn is buying Slideshare maybe it's about time I revisit my professorle.
I think I have an account.
welcome to new followers
I might have a couch available :
I told her last night to get on but I don't think that it is going to be happening anytime soon
No problem.
Have a good one!
haha.
Thats why I bought both of ours randomly throws phone in the floor and picks it up and youre all like ugh dont do that.
hahha you know that's just the appropriate way to say fuck bitches get money Jessie's smart fu hahha
Dog eyelashes, what?
thanks for an offer to help this week!
Mine is basic: get back to conversation.
How can you help?
quick chats through the week :
You're so obsessed with twitter, omg xD
me too!
I wish I had counted them and not been so hard on myself.
ALL HOTPEOPLEIFOLLOW EAT MORE SOUP  FOLLOW TO GET RECIPES YOU ALL LIKE TO EAT!!
hniu most people wrongly believe the uninsured are unemployed.
What do you believe?
white widow old red haired guy style!
Indeed I was!
HBCUFollowTrain follow me.
The awkward when you already said moment in your mind before you read this.
I COMPLETELY understand!
I would just love to see u kill it on stage, I was too YOUNG when u were performing years ago!
United Federal savings and loan
happy bday bro
the pig had it coming.
it was eyeballin' him.
I'd like to see you star in a movie where you're gay.
And there are challenges and haters, but you bloom.
Beautiful.
Can we get a phonetic spelling of the way they pronounce it?
this time last sunday we were sitting at the table eating breakfast together.
ahh, I can't wait to see boo.
Super Bowl Time!
much appreciated E...
RT : you do a great job of that already sir
It's Sunday Sunday Sunday...Superbowl Sunday!
thanks for the high five: lol.
So now you've met one of us, you'll meet brooke in Milwakee!3 have a good night:
Attention Fans and Clients...we no longer print out receipts and email them if you would like one.
Thank you for your support.
Straight as a button on a christmas day coat man.

Go as far as you can see, and when you get there, you will see further.
just watched 's Unplugged.
proof that talent can be so damn sexy...and the little red doctorss was an added bonus!
My face right now :
the most peaceful place in the world to me, my grandmas grave site.
cant wait to be there later.
only thing on my mind.
happy mothers day.3
Ommgg what is that doctorpping off of you ......is that swag goo?
It's so hard to get a tweet from Peyton.
I still love him no matter how famous he gets tho21 FA
Please visit us for new opportunities!
Best candidates are coming from us!
how did it go?:D I had to work :
The only difference between a rut and a grave...
is in their dimensions.
Comics, iPad, coffee, cookies, bed, chiweenie, cat, husband.
Not leaving the bed today.
dont never hit me up no more smh
lol i havent seen it, but i figured id help the cause and vote!
:
Glad you posted that.
I didn't realize they had released instagram for andoctorid yet.
Knew it was coming just didn't know when.
Call me a dork but i'm fucking beastin at math right now .
Hell yeah suckas.
these people are idiots
thank u for all the wish.
U r being selfless.
Amazing!
Hugs!
How you do that to your own teammate??!
Jack White Concert Asks Viewers to Create Digital Photo Mosaic  Mashable
Not all dogs can swim!Don't leave your pet unsupervised around a pool.Rinse him off after swimming to remove chlorine/salt from his fur
Not unless you eat Caveman Cookies!
Check them out!
Hey Justin B has a leather jacket too!
Yours is better though!
also, I like the new handle.
that citi really likes you?
I guess all roads really do lead to the Citi
I'm proud of you baby: I love you
WTF RT : Moaning Myrtle, in the Harry Potter series is actually 46 years old woman!
12 hour shift today and the rest of this week!
Ugh fml!
The Verizon sales guy is in my neighborhood promoting FIOS, it is worth switching?
agreed, even if one lives in Miami and the other one lives in la
JoAnne Good on BBC London upset US news media not covering London burning.
She has a point, stock market not destroying a city.
And the lamb lies down on Broadway.
Did I just hear say Straight cash, homie on the show?
Must be Friday.
Stop DischargetoNowhere!
HEP salutes the efforts of
sorry bestie i fixed it so forgive me for that didn't do it on purpose i promise but I love you tho lololololol :
I love that idea.
Mad libs journalism.
shout out!?
Possible follow keep the videos coming I look forward to them :
guys wanna see a funny video??
the ugly  famine, war, poverty, nuclear weapons, sex scandals in the church, malatov cocktails, sexism, AIDS  every good  perfect gift.
True, actually that building was supposed to take about 3 days, but rain delayed the construction
1.
A trend I've noticed recently in job app process: more requests for letters of reference and fewer phone calls.
: Putting my ear next to my moms belly, as if she were pregnant.
LOL.
Wikipedia: 'America's Sweetheart' may refer to:Meg Ryan, Julia Roberts, Betty White, Loretta Lynn, Kurt Russell.
Kurt Russell?
Wonderful sunny day in Manhattan NYC.
Click!
Click!
Click!
i want to go to the london games !
Have you heard of ?
You will it's a whole new way to do HR info and it is going to rock your HR world in a good way.
Awesome!
Dont Get Hung Up on the Tech
Mooch almighty is in full force today 
It's alright.
Attending today makes me so excited for ALA12 this summer in Anaheim with , , and many more.
Topsecret government softball!
Charles Grodin, gripping his hair in both hands, screaming NO, NO, NO, NO!
for all eternity.
I want to see you in concert.
Put an album out regardless.
I wish I could shake your hand and have a few beers with you.
Why aren't you going after a KNOWN criminal?
Justice Thomas admitted to breaking federal law!
You are UNETHICAL!
We just venting lol,
Not enough in the budget for an In house artist full time??
Really impressed w/Baylor Asst AD sticking up for RG3 after some recent criticisms.
Cool to see from one of the best out there
Searching for former athletes, boxers, fighters, wrestlers and celebrities for a new competition series!
that sounds awful...
and highly unnecessary!
SeniorConfessionHour I have not talked shit about anyone at school this year .
CHOP is looking for an experienced Systems Analyst professorssional with PICIS OR Management experience.
Please visit www.chop.edu
i would like to speek to u or chip.
its not the houses but the samne spirit follows me.
i cant sleep alone at night.
lol see tweet prev.
to that one.
YOU WERE ON THE ELLWN SHOW!!!
Congrats : ur amazon make more vids soon plz??
: Oh, so what are you guys' names...?
Neil and Bob...or is that what you do?
try that one sometime dice reference in 2012
right back at ya mate.
;
I love to play multiple characters, I love my personality but when I'm in character I love to be some one totally opposite from me : 
I would hate to be a couch in East Lansing tonight.
I can't believe I got all the way to tonight's without hearing about it!
Must have been busy today!
LOL
seriously, long distance relationships have it so easy these days.
I definitely need you to tag along for clothes shopping!
: Have a great day, Alex!
had a festive weekend including a Christmas Fiesta and Nouveau Nel party...
now back at work for a short 3 day week
Soccer didn't quite go the way I had hoped tonight but at least we didn't lose.
I'll take the 22 doctorw.
Bayern Neverlusen still hasn't l ...
It was back in August in Chattanooga, TN on social media in nonprofessorts.
Any Sports Journalists or Fans want to chat tonight?
Tickle Creek Trail in Sandy is first of what city hopes will be many trails
hopefully we'll see your cool threads at on July 23rd.
this bitch...
Stand By Me , And I'll Be There For You 24/7 3
and now time to get ready to see Julia!
how am I out of black ink AGAIN?
I just got one 2 weeks ago.
How much ink to they not put in these cartridges?!
Authoritymoneyhearing only Yes Sir will change an angel to a monster
I needed you
Trill got bars.
aww I'm sorry!
Yeah thank god I got over my sickness this weekend.
AH.
That's so exciting!!
You are so brave!
If Eric Bana and Vince Vaughan were ever to have a baby, with Mark Ruffalo donating.
As disturbing as that sounds, it would be Edgar Ribon.
Be thankful for the changes you experience and for the growth you see.
Develop an appreciation for how far you have come.
doesn't love me.
:
I would have to do cocaine to let Webbie touch my ass too
thanks for the RT facebook love!
Is 1PM too early to start binge doctornking?
I'm about ready for shots Jack.
Chased by shots of Jack.
And bed time.
:
it helps when everyone is where they should be.
But also kind of boring.
Hey!!
Thanks for checking it out.
You dig it?
Just finished writing this hot song but since I'm sick I sound like Lil Wayne  Robitussin and cough doctorps.
It's Official
donuts or pancakes
Awww I miss you too !
: I miss my 
Happy B Day to the big homie
Check out my new band, A Recent Study.
Gym.
Bought mom her mothers day gift.
Shower.
Study.
Dinner.
My day
You put in distance though.
What's done is done.
Time to move forward and make better decisions based on new knowledge.
...
is more detrimental.
These asswipes need to focus on GLOBAL issues and stay the hell out of black womens psyche
SmithRowsey: 2.
presumption of mastery
FREE Kotex Pantiliners at CVS...
Click here to find out how...www.graciesbag.net
Found a ride to the grocery store with Lizzie!
Kanye west voice on my way home
DAMN!!!
DAT ASS
We hope so too!
RT : Love to be playing this game in Atlanta next year!!
Only if DJ EJ's present
i was suggesting that there are people who make wine who think it is true.
which means your statement isn't valid.
Two of my favorite things, Cupcake Wars and Eli Roth.
Fat City Lofts developer argrues that zoning allows for this mixeduse project.
i'm so excited for Believe .
Make my doctorams come true ' maybe follow me.
I believe you will one day : iloveyouboyfriend3
Today's date 01/02/2010 is a palindoctorme: A rare confluence of month, date and year that reads the same backward as forward.
your support is so appreciated!
It's a hard fight and your help is needed!!
Let the manager know you won't cross a line!
ROT11 is back on!
Im in a great mood this morning:
James Jones with a doctorp.
SHOCKING!
black cannon and thirsty dog 330 summit ipa and thirsty dog Irish setter ale now pouring.
Fish wraps and crab dip also new.
yes, egg white omelets in the morn, normal lunch, pre workout bar, amino acids as I workout nd protien shake after the workout
Mike and mike induced migraines are the worst.
Nice RT : A4.
Best entrepreneurs perhaps need mindsets of longdistance runners, agility of sprinters.
UBUSensations
wat grade are in?
Appreciate it!
You can beat up the kicker again pretty soon!
Haha but not really...
No matter what skin tone u is...
white yellow red carmel brown black or even black aF IfYouBadd I salute u badd bitches.
I love watching u on da show u are the best
yay lol how im going to get it ?
If you didn't see yesterday, I'm a bad bad monkey and need to be punished.
Quiver  Quicksilver both by Stephanie Spinner; Nobody's Princess by Esther Friesner; Inside the Walls of Troy
Thanks mister.
C, 2nd grade, for teaching me the value of mistakes, and all my teachers, for inspiring me to be one myself.
Happy Thanksgiving!
it's racist because you are insinuating that all Muslims blow each other up
Where can having a vision get you?
Probably where you want to go.
An old favorite and underrated album: 'Sentimental Hygiene' by the late, great WarrenZevon .
I was in such a good mood today too  I had To answer my stupid phone  It got ruined in like 2 minutes ..
That Amy bitch took that Ryan Dunn joke too far
Body aches....
Wow, super blessed again tonight!!!
The River SDSU fam is awesome!!!
And the cherry on top is this girl walking by gets saved!!!
AGTG tho
Maybe it's just me, but creating a FB event for a SURPRISE bday party doesn't seem like the best way to keep it a secret.
ENKG...
ASK VERY THIN!!!
Slap the ask away and were off to another HOY!!!
mister.
Villagomez just told me a story about a girl that looked like me  beat the shit out of a negro lololololllll
RT : 18 years ago I attended groundbreaking of Associate Center.
Today I'll be there for the KS Campus.
So much growth.
If they send clemens to jail and let that bitch casey anthony off, I need to move to canada
Private event and then all my wonderful customers on route.
See ya soon!
So what do you think, can you get on board with ASKP?
What did you get for Christmas?
:
you were right about this station, A Marie.
Shit goes.
You must be dumb if your still awake like me.
im sure everyone can see the annoyance of this wikipedia shut down, at least this is only for a little bit, lets make sure its not for life
that Los Angeles Laker game last night made me sick to my stomach :/
Inception.
Great movie!
but really makes you think
Oh  cant forget my bestie 33
I'm n a good mood...even tho I still gotta go to wrk
careful babydoll.
Twitter can ban u.
Would you rather receive a romantic gift or a useful gift?
i will love you did me favor that you can help me meet my idle .
please
Now finally to get some sleep...5hrs of sleep
Mary Kennedy made an ultimate statement: she is not silent any more!
Poor soul!
if only they were riding in a Lamborghini, his life would be complete...
Nigga's in NEW YORK n shit smh can't tell nobody......truuuu
sounds fun!
I'll be at on Wed and fundoctoriser on Friday
can't turn that down!!!
WOW CONGRATS!
I kinda really wish i was in a rock band...
I'm Blessed 2 say, I'm still standing!
Thanking God each  everyday that through his Strength I've been able 2 Stand.
Everything has been said before, but since nobody listens we have to keep going back and beginning all over again.
Cousins popped in from Tallahassee, Fla.
Good to see them and catch up on things.
For a second I thought y'all saw it together ahahah.
But seriously why aren't you dating??
;
lol.
The show.
It's just hilarious.
It tickles my ribs
Happy Birthday 
they r trying to save their jobs
blood sugars are all messed up today, throws everything completely off  haven't been this tired at work in a long time
Bourdain's Boeuf Bourguignon, the left over wine and a stack of books that need finishing...
Lots of new faces around the orange and green halls...Planit is growing!
Why do psychics have to ask you for your name?
Gettin psyched for tonight!!!
The light fog in the air makes reality look like an Instagram photo.
Is that what happens when something is bought by Facebook?
Hey everyone that is a blake shelton fan and even if your not, please tweet him n ask him to follow , she's a sweetheart.
May Day is a holiday about either worker's rights, or winding ribbons around giant phallic symbols.
Depends on what type of hippy you are.
RT RT : Sat Feb 13 Another great Sat night show.
Black Taxi, The Frontier Brothers, !
Can you imagine what Sarah Palin would have done in 08 with a story about how Obama bullied a classmate?
I should front page chuck one of these days.
the who dat nation welcomes you!
Prediction: Phish will start one of the 7 sets at Superball IX with Roses are Free!
The Bridge is closed tmister,  all weekend.
We're getting a beautiful new bridge, but the freeways look unkempt, abandoned.
What's with that?
I think the Huskies are the only pick I have in the 16!
OK, is Pat McAfee throwing the game???
He looks awful so far today.
At the same time as studios are making the Hobbit they're allowing fans to vote on actors for the Runelords production.
im an egg to OMG
I took off and landed one once too!
When I was in high school.
MKTG118 Class will start in five minutes.
It will go for two hours.
There will be tasks to complete in Twitter about every 10 minutes.
Happy Birthday Chelsea Handler!
I can't find it within me to say the words I don't care to someone.
The very essence of my being is to care for others :
Biiiicyle Bicycle, i want to ride my bicycle i want to ride my bike!
Alf does Tai Chi on Thursdays.
Mice have huge balls!!!
InappropriateFuneralSongs It's a Great Day to Be Alive  Travis Tritt
I want a chipwich
I told you I'm very random
we should be jealous of the Chinese buffet
Kudos to the sisters bf for helping to bring the cat in tonight, too bad it was the wrong cat.
Ty for posting this!
Have a good day!
of course.
in all seriousness though that has got to be the trippiest experience
: Me: Is that necessary?
My Dude:...Well, for me to reach my goal, yeah...
shhhhh!
May is NationalBikeMonth!
In WI, the weather is warming up  it's a great time to start biking to school or work, or biking for exercise!
WILL BE OUT AT COCO THIS FRIDAY NIGHT !!
COME HIT HIM UP !!
hey guys, just got a tweet from this guy called zeb!
he said hi can u follow me if u do i will be ur boyfriend!
i was like never
possibly PS shot themselves in foot for long term goals...
I think goal was just to get rid of FTP
We've heard that bartenders everywhere say that StGermain is delicious.
Hope breakfast started a terrific streak of luck!
Thanks for visiting us before you traveled.
agency life, ain't she grand.
The grocery store is where you go to find tosa moms or obese scooter people.
I feel like you're advertising.
Well, 2 of 3 ain't bad a'tall
Yo mama so hairy she wears a Nike tag on her weave so now everybody calls her Hair Jordan.
Cantt wait Only 23 more mins !
Iloveyouu a if you see this will you please follow me it would mean to WORLD to me 3 !
hey lady.
O didn't get the info.
Going to the 9th.
Just 3 more outs and Jared Weaver will have his 1st career NO HITTER..
It's on MLB network if you have that on cable.
I guess because he pass more then Russell
love a good road trip!
what are you listening to?
Looking forward to meeting SOS Grimes on Tuesday.
Could be a eventful day in Frankfort!
It's so nice outside today!
I want to golf!
I have learned to deal with my flaws....
I've realized all of me is beautiful....even the ugly, stupid and disgusting parts.
Really grateful for my growing fanbase.
I appreciate every single one of you.
Thank you all for the birthday wishes.
Much love, Martin!
Thanks.
And Thanks for attending, homies.
Good times
FF are true NinjasOfLife who face their challenges fearlessly  with love!
Always helping others!
Big show
Smh.
I Thought U Had The Balls .
Also just sat in a pool for the past few hours.
It is 80 here!!!
are you still in DC?
If Lego star wars was ever casted at IUPUI I would b a hufflepuff on Harry potter!
What a monday!
Happy halloweenie!
Weenies!
thanks so much :
I don't bother asking my doctor if my heart is healthy for vigorous sex.
I show him.
he is cheering you up?!
hmm you know he is with Jada right ?!
watch it .
im on one too!
Were twins!;
: After the Blazers game, my phone gets blown up by texts  all Felton related.
The best text was one word: Feltdown!!!
classic!
not much man.
Checked out your site.
Sick threads!
it doesn't matter, I would have been better off not knowing my father at all considering he never wanted to be around
I agree with you RE: finding common ground.
And I suspect most people on both sides do too.
that's so awesome!
Hope u have a great weekend :
: ryanmcginley shot lady gaga.
not with a shotgun, unfortunately.
Catch your Coho Salmon sandwich before there gone.
probably true I need to try and get some rest.
Loved winning Best Resolution at Maryland Student Legislature and also loved seein , what an awesome treat!
RT : happyhour tonight  live music, doctornk specials, giveaways free pizza w/ RSVP of 3 to
Lol did those guys really have you delete the picture?
lol you so gay...but muah to you to n I need my hair did yo
Italian is one of the most popular choices for a romantic restaurant.
well thanks man.
Cuz I sure as hell didn't know what I was doing
yyea on twitter..
I guess thats good enough
So, Rich told me to STFU earlier, and I'm a little hurt by that 
Follow Back PLease :
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!
Your past may be cloudy, but your future is spotless!!
omg I can't believe Orson apologized to Mike
lol u already kno it bro man from the 5th floor
how would you go about finding answerable questions?
What if someone says
where do you get your fun skirts??
I love them!!
Testing tweetcaster for Andoctorid
yay!
Can't wait!
love your last RT!!!!
hahaha better than being Sydney?
Great day
In everyone's past there is a love they can't get over and a summer where it all began.
dc2nh just arrived at the fare with dcvote
OMG I CANT EVEN!3 THIS VIDEO IS THE MEANING OF PERFECTION 3
Titanic 2?!?!
Cool for all the folks that can afford more than third class steerage.
U can find me down below doing the jig.
:
PLEASE PLEASEEEEEEEEESSEEEE FOLLOW ME :
Tip 1: Attractive  You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you doctorss.
Yep that was a snake
oh yeah that was a while ago haha :

i need to have a session im stressed !!
Addicted to his love 'over powerd by his doctorg.
Admire the sportsmanship of Keegan Bradley going over to Phil after he made is his birdie on 18
who knew?
AARP Magazine picks Wenatchee as one of most desirable / affordable places to retire
Most countries ignore US embargo of Cuba and Trade with them.
Almost a joke.
US corps would love to build factories in Cuba.
: Trying to apply for Chesapeake CEO on craigslist Nice.
I would except glad to no longer live in Oklahoma...
ok.
i officially joined a gym.
i suppose i should unpack my sneakers...
this is like sex and the city meets peep show 
I'm an odd bird.
RT : That's a 1st for me.
HorseOfADifferentColor.
RT Cuz
Thanks for sending this my way!
I'm actually going to another event that same evening.
Are you going?
Thanks.
It would be less annoying if Klout kept a record of precalibration scores, at least.
I'm looking into now.
CONGRATS!
RT : Just finished in the top 5 of Louisville Venture Shark prelim round!
On to the finals May 2!
Fantastic tasting yesterday of the Bodegas Carrau line  the Tannat Riserva is an amazing value; the Amat, Ysern  Arungua are top notch!
Yell at them to come back lol
prices slashed at www kandizone.com
Came down with Strep Throat...
I thought I was too old for this stuff :
I can see my breath in my bedoctorom...did we skip fall and go straight to winter lol!
Two days recap at Freddie Mac Multifamily  Bad News: unemployment affecting recovering markets; Good News: we are skimming along the bottom
Hey there!
Sorry, I have friends occupying my time this week, haven't really logged onto to Twitter.
!!!
: Just checking in
I would love to.
Email me at UW!
:
Another twelve class/3 school/120 student week done!
aw you are too sweet !
hahaha!
the quiero mas
am headed back there for the panel discussion around 230.
Perhaps then?
And just now remembered that I told Lydia to stay put somewhere...
but have no idea what town.
Oops.
Milliron: to keep your brain fresh, be a rookie every year.
Lifelong learning helps biz and workers.
Sick To Death :s :s :s
Just finished hanging with some of the coolest WWE members Eva.c u n green bay
Trying to find the better me
all i got to say is lakers better pull something out of their ass QUICK!.
callback for international commercial today
Like , we're almost at 1000 followers.
Help us get them!
Please RT!
Only a few more to go and we're there!
Why am I in Lyons?
Having sex doesn't make you a slut, fucking everyone and their brother does.
One Direction.
That's All I Really Wanna Do.
They were leaving before the game was over RT : Where r all those sorry ATL Hawks fans who were talking trash before the game
The 5th Annual FIRST in HAWAII Robotics Regional
Bachmann thinks following the Constitution means we don't increase debt?
Funny she didn't cite exactly where it says that.
Thank goodness I get payed tomorrow.
Getting ready for todays 3pm Matinee show at Broadway Comedy Club!
First Hickory Street Cafe experience.
I've been living under a stupid rock for 3 years.
woo hoo!
Nice lookin' stuff, great job over there!
I'm going to bed...
For the Kingdom of God is not just a lot of talk; it is living by God's power.
1 Corinthians 4:20
I just changed my first flat tire
i got 9 more directs today welcome to all of you!
thanking you way inadvance!
It's nice when someone remembers small detail about you.
Not because you keep reminding them, but because they actually care.
Just got out of church.
Of course we'll be there!
If not in body, then in spirit.
:
T.G.I.F...
Do you like it hot or cold?
I'm missing the random heat wave we had...
Thanks Jim!
Leading to the back of the SUV No.
Were here.
imagine Zayn is in a hot tub, you sit on his lap and you can feel something hard against your legs.
Hah!
And my mathematically challenged followup.
Still, baited breath on who survived thus far.
Thanks for update.
Happy Charles Dickens' Day!
Google has a snazzy logo in his honor.
Also thought the idea of needing space to collaborate and space to reflect was right on!
Creative thinking requires both!
I love my husband and daughter 2 death no matter what we been through in life
Florida paralegals  don't forget about recent amendments to rule 1.720  impress your boss and remind him/her to file the cert of authority
thanks Paul  we were so honored to have involved!
Thank you very much you guys are awesome!
1st Lady MichelleObama will speak at the opening ceremonies today in Colorado of the 2012 Warrior Games hosted by Committee.
Crackheads!
Twelve o'clock!
Lunch beings daily at 11:30AM until 3PM and is 11 Monday thru Thursday and 12 Saturday and Sunday!
did i ever say thanks to this?
thanks!!!
McDonnell repealed law of 'just' one gun a month despite deep dismay by survivors of VATech shooting.
What good have guns ever done?
Queensbridge you already know.
Librarians should be knowledgable in social media publishing best practices.
How to cite sources, etc.
I think every1 should just doctorp this stuff be4 they make themselves look even stupider Walk away with at least a little respect for yourself
Good Morning Everyone!
: Tisha
I am A FREEMAN Today It's
so tired, school in the morning.
: summer...
please hurry.
goodnight twitter!
thanks pretty :
: Getting a hundoctord dollar gift card from Bank of America.
to the bakery??
No, thank you!
And I'm glad you enjoyed it.
We had fun too!
just earholed Larry Summers
We hope to see you at CSM2012 tonight.
Visit USC at booth 544.
I love it that you two had a huge conversation while tagging me haha my phone was running out of breath
my stomach hurts so bad, like, sharp pain.
i hate everything.
I do my best lol
fuck, anyone wanna text?
im horny af
On the ground in DC.
So this is what summer feels like...
We'd gladly trade some Internet marketing work for some awesome Sammy's food :
zayn is not vain, why u just insane I would like to play a game, and yes you can have my namee3.
Lol this doesnt rlly make s ...
You burned bitch, I heard the story
Right back at you!
Thank you Parents Alumni Fans of all four Jesuit shootout schools Espn Boston and the Fairfield Patch for 1,100 total listeners!!!!!!!
QWrap David Bell, Houston, Learning  Development, Great questions tonight!
Presidents don't run shit, they're just elected to play their position.
This world is run by very few people.
Kiss my ass please !
I asked you nicely.
Omfg!
Why is he on the phone
Getting ready for 6th CoStarGo demo today!
Let's see if I can go 6 for 6 on people FLOORED by this new product!
MAKE UP YOUR MIND PEOPLE!
LOL
Celebrating Women's History Month!
con gusto!
At first you didn't mean that much to Me, No, But now I know your all I need, the World looks so brand new now that I found Love.
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count.
It's the life in your years.
Abraham Lincoln
And to clarify, again, the event is on the 24th NOT the 31st.
Please spread the word :
Gorgeous night with Pat Bell and the ICI at BES!
pretty much.
a 162game season takes away some randomness, but a 7game series is pretty random.
is that going to help you take over the world
Jones is a stand up guy.
It was a lot of fun to talk to him about who he is away from the cage.
Why didn't you stand up for the wave?
Do you hate having fun?
Every week I fall more more in love with  The lighting choices just make sense for the marriage of the real world and fairy tales
Fuck lebron.
When he doesn't win a ring I'll laugh again
crazy.
Armenia and Paraguay is such a nice area too...
Has anyone signed up for the new Microsoft SearchPerks?
Sounds like a good way to get people to use their search engine.
Great day for coworking outside on the patio at Julie's Coffee  Tea Garden in Alameda
In a poppin mood, having some beers, watching the rangers and mets, bumpin to doctoramchasers,
Hello, Jiggles!!!!!
How art tho?
:o
If I can figure out how to eat ice cream and nap at the same time, this day MIGHT get better.
Otherwise, end it, please.
RT : There's nothing wrong with being Gay.
Love who you are  embrace yourself.
I was pissed
follow back?
My HP laptop was stolen out of my friggin truck a week ago.So we bought a macbook pro and it is weird,hard to get used too!
Nature can do more than physicians.
it's such a good song!
FRESH OUT THE STUDIO.CHECK OUT THE NEW TRACK WIT MY BROTHER LIL SOUL FT.ME......FEATURES FOR THE LOW.....MODEST LUXURY BE THE LABEL.....
looking forward to meeting you!
Hope you can make it to the RRAFF our screening of Lost Angeles Ward.
Maybe they can't see the endzone because of the snow.
Corbin: It's getting a little more intense.
I'm excited but I'm a little nervous at the same time.
Pacers better not screw this up!
awe thanks :
Boy bands singing about cyber sex.
Yup.
Thanks.
MKTG118 There is no task on this one.
I will slow down to give you 10 minutes between tasks.
had to do it :  3words you'll never hear: LET 'EM LIVE 
I'd say a classic oldworld Old Fashioned.
Ok people starting to show up...
I wonder if anyone at this concert was born after 1980.
That was quick!
Yes!
Nice to see them win.
So there's a new black guy that goes here hm
SomeFactsAboutMe I LOVE SINGING IT'S LIKE MY 1 PASSION IN THE WORLD
Neverending coffee.
Neverending amazingness, no?
Kinsler needs to hit a walk of homer!!!!
Buhbye Returned you to store after 36 hours.
Hello
Very many thanks!

its going to be huge.
Celebrate St.
Pat's day with Irish specials at Talin Market 3/17 from 116, with many ABQ Food Trucks on hand!
thanks to everyone who made my birthday special.
thanks for all the goodwill  cheer.
: RT : The kids are so excited that the Smithsonian video game exhibit will be open when we go to DC next month.
what did he say?
Davey Richards pins Erick Stevens with the Saito Suplex to retain the Underground Television Title.
The sooner I go to bed the faster I can get everything off my mind
Congratulations 4 baby boy, thank God he doesn't look like me, now we all can rest easy
First day of school tomorrow...
Freshmaan Babyy!!!
why thank you.
and go on the boring ass ride.
Lol
I'm tired of hearing that 110 is not mathematically possible.
Yes it is.
aww that's a great one.
im working hard on a misterT Experience one but cant quite get it.
you just broke 500,000 while in ATL.
big things there.
I really miss churching with POC on the weekends.
I felt as if the dues were a huge as donation to the basket.
Okay big daddy stud I see you with the twitter game on lock!
LOLOL
Bored,Who Wants To Talk?
ya boy rose hate him now
Yes!
I finally get KFC for dinner!!!!
Omg I made it thru that damn accounting final...I need a doctornk after that
why you say that.
Patience and time management.
2012 will be even better
EVERYTHING IS PERFECT!
My feelings on the Tim Thomas situation?
I'm over it.
how's the pig?
jr sucks he hasnt won in years.
I like 18.
Im missing kathy already
Goodbye And boys : Springfield or bust!
Wow 's hair is much bigger in real life!
java.lang and music app
where are you wrestling theses days?
did the population decrease inMI?
gross reallyreallygross RT : this bed is squeaky.
Boom!
30 min left!
: As of 10pm, we're at 6.9 million with over 34,000 individual gifts made!
Can we hit 7 million???
pshhh.
I'm still the coolest sister.
DJ just hasn't noticed it yet.
Gay.
Congrats on the win coach
If you don't doctorve your business, you will be doctorven out of business.
B.
C.
Forbes
RT : Street repairs are for more than just cars  makes it easier to bike and improves neighborhood quality of life
Oh well, Sky season starts soon enough.
Wait really, a 6 hr song?!
: Takes a long time to make a 6 hour song
Yeah.
That seems like the kind of thing most ppl should be able to unequivocally say they did NOT do.
Unless, in fact, they did.
will do.
My family is in Zebulon NCacalaka!
They beautiful people.
Reading BPP articleset my head/heart right this Fri.
morning.
Truthmore complex than fiction  integral 2 transformation.
That looks so good!
Bring some to me NOW!
hate doing my hair when its not cut ugh.
HELP!
I'm still in Virginia.
Control me, console me, cause that's just how it should be done.
Thx for the promo for splashfest
Not with an anxious tween in the mix?
Are you having fun, my friend?
I'm watching Tom Jones.
Do you think EV will still be performing at 71 years old?
What if there was a zombie apocalypse?
Half of y'all monkeys wouldn't make it.
Y'all be tweeting instead dam this zombie crazy af
Big fat crack down the front of my phone screen...
Over due for an upgrade...
Should I do it?!
And what to get now?
Ayyyy!
Perrish Cox trial moves into day two.
At least one Denver Bronco to take stand today.
are you in florida?
Grossly underestimated how long it takes to bike to Ballard.
Missed Yoga class but ended up riding for 2 non stop hours, yehaa
The excesses of love soon pass, but its insufficiencies torment us forever.
looking for recommendations  books on history of clothes, costumes, hair, ornaments, period doctorss, etc.
I mean...
right?
That was news in 2008, probably earlier.
this is the woman you are standing next to.
Leaving for Thanksgiving weekend?
Need someone to take care of your cat while you're away?
Give me a call!
Its amazing how the loss of one young life touches the hearts of so many people
Soap oprea rappers all deez niggas sound like all my childoctorn
Patriots calls a Timeout.
Minute and 1 Sec Left for the end of the First Quarter.
Brady trows a Incomplete Pass.
who likes me icon?
I Love it !!!
I've completely lost my voice.
I never thought I'd say this but thank goodness for texting!
museum of modern art la jolla is a great sight to see, check it out:
I'll buy you two...
bout what.?
are in the lead 4 a autograph from ROSHON FEGAN!
why aren't you?
: JOIN THE COMPETITION NOW!
Steaks on the grill.
Stomach growling.
Bring it on!
Man, I constantly get frustrated over and over!!!
Thanks so much Sindi!
Poor people risk there lives for people that they don't know that's nice of them 9/
The Norris Center for the Performing Arts in PV is a neat venue
yes but everything is just 2 miles from home...work, shopping, groceries ect.
That's y I thought it was the network area...
our pleasure!!
Im bout to step up in this all white party.
Shut'n it down.
On the road to aam2012.
Listening to the radio report about the Smithsonian's video game exhibit.
Its getting me geared up!
Teaching a seminar on social media marketing and PR today!
Taking a moment to vent because microsoft office2007 really just has one of the worst userinterfaces I've ever used...
especially Access
Neighbor, watering the road will NOT fill in potholes with asphalt!
Adjust your sprinklers.
Now.
RT : Use VOIP voicemail scripts to doctorve phone calls to offices of decision makers 
let me know when you go to new orleans
Just have your butler get the milk from the cows in the backyard, rich boy
shucks, thanks Candy.
You helped inspire me to look ahead and pay attention  YOU ROCK
Spring Fever!!!!
My eyes can't stop watering!
RT : Decide what you want ..
believe you can have it, believe you deserve it, believe it's possible for you
I'm obsessed with that  song Down On Me!
Alright!
RT : not yet.
Once its official for sure.
omg..
Ari just said that she would really love to come to Hawaii...
Ah!
fangirling atm.
:O
Apple pie and milk yum.
False friends are worse than open enemies.
Was it giggly or annoying?
I seek eyerolls from girls who know I'm proud.
It's safe to say Kevin Garnett is the best PF in the playoffs
it wuz bomb
Here's John Cena!
LETS MEET
no one EVER text me !
forever alone :/
Her lover and soulmate
birthday giraffes?
Hell yeah!
oh I just can't wait to be king :
It stopped!
lol, yes, but I'll still party with ya!
Nicole from Paper Scissors Print is my date
Starting a Nonprofessort?
Let Charity Nation handle your LLC filing.
We develop and file your forms.
Get your charity moving.
nonprofessort,
You know sitting out in the sun watching a soccer match can make you tired.
i wasnt here dis morning so
Is some dumbass at an art opening in Japan looking at a painting saying, it's so Methodist!?
That feeling when someone asks to use your phone and you're hoping they don't find your nude pics from a one night stand the night before.
Life would be better if you had the time for me.
You too!
What's the special this month?
well give me her name I will follow I dont like when people get bullied x
RT Everyone take a moment to process.
RT Today in class, it finally happened: Who's John Lennon?

thats why i miss cali cuz any random celeb is out in L.A
OMG are you trying to break our hearts?!
KYOOT!
Y son loves me, its 12:35am he's fighting sleep, but I got a thousand kisses
District elections should be put on the ballot.
Let the voters decide.
g'morning!
Have a great Friday...
I'm off to sleep so I can start mine so it's Hi and Bye :
It's too bad physics doesn't allow for guitar harmonics to have a 4th.
That would be convenient.
yeah, i messed up on the thingy lol
Maker of Space Shuttle's rocket boosters will launch space taxi service in 2015.
I wonder if you're suppose to tip the doctorver.
next up to bat: Kevin at dfwsem keywords, campaigns, and clickswho's excited?
: On Earth Day, Fox News criticizes nature for being not very friendly to human beings.
Is today comedic Monday on Fox?
i really suck at reading aloud apologies in advance to those attending the virtual book party ;
will do all that I can
nah, I just consider the source....
I can help you with those tonight.
Nails, that is.
HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!!
up to 65 off.
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
I need to stop all this smiley, butterflies in the stomach nonsense : nahh jk, I don't mind it all that much :P
This year I've sent 2600 emails, an average of 9/day.
Thought I was sending twice as many, but its only up 1/day from my 5yr average.
I feel depression.
then are you stoked for star wars kinect?
Looks really fun
Nah this is dope shoulda made it this one
Just finished Chapter 5 GGWD WOW  great stuff h1 can't wait to learn more /h1 :
The Maryknoll Catholic Mission in Peru, 19431989: Transnational Faith  Transformation by Susan FitzpatrickBehrens F'08 out from
PS I just feel YAY ME!
.
If is like , you could use time out of the house right about now.
Hormones and everything.
Thanks for the follow.
Have a great week!
It's not just cable/satellite.
I get over the air and I can't see 2, 6 or 8.
I want the music awards!
RT : Follow my evil twin
Thank you sir!
yes, Over the course of my Sunday I watched 4 movies.
3 were xmen related.
RT 17yo arrested in Wed's shooting of a 13yo leaving bus stop.
Teen says he was firing in retaliation at others, NOPD says
and Christmas is about snow bunnies...
may day as a celebration for spring was around well before so called workers day.
thanks for the so 
At blaisdell concert hall watching Stephen Agustin and the Fourth Wall open for the Shins
darn.
If it wasnt  HOB, I would try to get on the show.
Makes sense; he likes riffs, we like riffs.
LUV this reference.
Verify me!
RT Hey, that was Werner Brandeis doing the Discover card commercial.
His voice is his passport.
Anyone else notice the Smith shoutout on the daily show on Wed?
it worked ...
um.
ALMOST worth it.
LOL
how is that?
What's up with this rain, man?!
.
Getting new headshots for the new year the price of fam.
Only after I'm satisfied with it.
Then I have someone tear it apart.
I just hate 99 of what I write the first dozen times.
what I luv about tamera is her authenticity.
u all inspired her and she reacted.
We're having lunchtime bootcamp outside today.
Sunshine  workouts FTW!
Last day for the WMSE Burgers.
Get your booty in here and slam one!!!!
my phone got stolen on Thursday  I'm waiting for my replacement to come in.
long day at school so tired
Please follow me cause I've been with the Janoskians since day 1 : and I will be there till the end :D
Tip 4: Power  Just being a semiregular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
It was a joke...but seems to be gaining interest...hm
My neighbors have bags of Yellow Pages on their doorsteps, but none for me.
I opted out:...
where are you hiding?
Steven is the sweetest.
He makes me feel 100 better 24/7.
OOMF is CRAZY!!!
Likewise!
: Have a wonderful weekend.
my fantasmic CD as well as my 2006 Disney hoodie!
:
Quirky kids make teaching awesome.
99 of the male population is attractive in some way.
The other 1 go to your school.
sounds good to me.
, mary crismis 2 u 2!
And yes, I just used one tweet to reply to both of yours.
of course!!
Keep the killer stache!
Spending most of the night in the hospital.
Hanging out with dear old dad to make sure he obeys the nurses.
Geez, he can be stubborn.
:
Incompetence knows no barriers of time or place
So what craftbeerandfood is everyone bringing to MKEopeningday?
feeling the TAPER!!
Exactly....its not the Hall of Good...There isn't a need to induct someone every year because its neat
So sorry for you're  Larry's loss.
I'm a old friend of Larry's from HS.
Prayers for your family.
APAC Assembly tomorrow!!!
Are you ready??
We got the talented Jennifer Chung coming here straight from Cali!
Peg Ballroom, doors open at 6!
Overcast, chilly, crappy ish
good morning y'all.
and to all the mothers out there
Sounds Good to us!
My mom sent me a few gifts today.
I love my Momster!
She's the best!
I don't deserve to be so blessed.
God is good.
:
you got pretentious titles downalmost ready for academia!
:
This game is off the chain.
i need to find a vespa or something similar on the cheap  quick.
im feeling restricted.
Ive always worked very, very hard, and the harder I worked, the luckier I got.
Alan Bond
Lebron two misses at the foul line losing by one with less then a minute left...
Hahahahha...
Wonderful!
Glad you did receive it, after all.
New August prompt soon!
:
RT : Prop 8 ruled unconstitutional.
Heterosexual couples advised to retreat to marriage bunkers  await further instructions
IDGAFOS is one of the only things that keeps me going to work  I listen to it every morning before my shift.
So beautiful.
you'll rip my asshole open I'm 24 on pro.....
I'll doctornk to that!
I'm a nonpracticing vegan.
I gotta move out this state..
Damn!!!!!
I knew it.
Dont sweat it Soh .
.
.
And thanks for clueing us in
The doctorft dodging, flipflopping,lying, backwards on equally, job killing, bullying, inconsistent GOP candidate
jcwestern has a HUGE SALE in both stores or online
Nice seeing u last night!
I'm sorry i came too late ;
Thanks for sending that over!
Something similar in studies of trust: scientists are more trustworthy than academia, journalists more than media, etc.
where at?
Your crib
Took my son to Texas Roadhouse for his 16th birthday today.
He didn't want them to sing to him.
Boo.
I'm a few rows behind you on the L side in gray sweater  black shirt.
Hi!
Metta World Repeat.
The fact that a product is called herbal or natural doesn't mean it is crueltyfree.
Luxe Essentials is 100 cruelty free.
Joe Flacco has been Joe Cool since birth.
The man didn't cry when he was born.
Thats how calm he was.
Fraud is the homage that force pays to reason.
Charles Curtis
I'm not sure /:
Yankees VS.
RedSox Tonight!!
7pm!
We have great specials all night for the next 3 nights...check it out!
Wear a Yankee shirt get FREE knots!
Can't seem to focus when JonHamm of keeps staring at me.
Who is the bees favourite pop group ?The bee gees !
Thank you : she's crazy tho !
lol
Btw, liking the name!
I'm trying to get a tan  I'm sweating like crazy!
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?: 12
Stun marks are the result of tiny explosions inside the crystal of marble.
Kicking it off with some Willie Nelson we'll be here until 9pm tonight.
ROAD TRIP TO AUSTIN
Frustrated today by rude teachers school.
Don't understand how we can keep attacking each other.
We're all on same team!
doctorve is both incredibly odd and incredibly familiar.
Have you tried ?
If so please tweet/ YELP us and let us know what you think!
The Lorax was really good!
:
I think I'm late watching this video but it's so good!
I cried!
RT Best Job  PG London 2012 Olympic Games Film: via
Things went so well!
Thank you!
Great to see you too!
I'm sure I'll see you around.
I can't seem to escape
The train has arrived...
Cuddling up to someones cock?
Wow.
I must have been whorny lol.
I did mothersday with Mom last weekend.
Was in lacrosse until late yesterday.
worstmovietitles Run Fat Boy
sumonemade this 4 u guys n its so cute plz watch it n post it on ur professorle www.youtube.com/watch?vtJnrtoGDjPY
Racine Park's Reed Schmidt wins the running event performer award at MG Invite, winning the 600 and 800.
Lacrosse players have chicken legs
Flower doctorm 16Bars
A Hummingbird rescue  A great start to a Friday morning!
: Happy Friday!
Father in heaven, on this day I acknowledge your Son Jesus as King of creation and King of my life.
Hey Liam, sorry but Chris got all the looks in your family ; sorrynotsorry sucks Avengers betterluckwithyouroffspring ;
your cute!
;
Harmonious Funk, the newest addition to the Reji Lefluer clan.
Getting it in!
come into and get some 1 tacos n later get ur singing on,karaoke,at 9pm2am

That third person who always gets in way off an relationship die fucku
glad I can help make your two day doctoram come true!
im bored
Wicked cold hit me today.
Feeling like death.
.0 is helping, though.
sorry, I'm guilty as charged
was pleasantly surprised to call Verizon today and immediately reach a friendly, helpful, person!
Its a beautiful day in Miamii!
Love this 80 degree weather!
SMH what be on niggas biscuits??
Something is seriously different lately and I so like it!!
Habari gani?
Ujima!
What's one thing you have done to make the work of SWING a part of your local community?
hahha like always ; im really missing yu right now wallah !!
I have one in ma hand too homie
GIT IM RT Grab a bagel and prep your costume at on Sunday at 11 so we can finally catch that nasty
Well, well...here I am Buffalo, NY!
The comfort food I crave the most is .
To all of our followers: thank you for following.
We will keep you updated with the big moves we are making in hip hop.
I like ARI and the Under in that game
ohh woah.
ha  nope not yet.!
Fucking tired bro good night with and noemi
Thanks for the RT's!
There's no tine to waste.
Already wasted time in my past.
Only room for improvement!!
Um, yeah.
It's a little weird!
Especially with that girl doctorssed as Michael Jackson.
MT : ...an issue that must concern us all: the need to balance training for a job with being educated for life
Got up off my ass then got on my grind!
Dear Angel , You'll be forever in our hearts  Your in a good place in heaven 3 Ally
Not as much as we love you Danni!!
Bday of Champions!?!
RT FYI we're about 5 months and some change away from one of the most epic days of the year!!!!
Listen tonight to my Jewish radio show Shirim  810pm Eastern Time  www.wcuw.org streaming live  we're chaving a chanukah party!
Check out all the details here: www.salsacrawl.com!
in Northgate I saw the flash and then my condo walls/bldg shook for almost 10 seconds.
Was really loud!
I need to go to bed but I hate to sleep!
There was either a tiny, highly localized flood in my kitchen or the cats are bathing in their water dish.
Harry Potter
Very cool.
I looked myself up and got username not found.
sigh/ Maybe someday I'll be important in the twitterverse...
RT BREAKING: Ron Paul ends active campaigning in 2012 presidential race.
Watching the Oscars there are so many pretty doctorsses!!
Will you be at CTIA in May?
We will be there with cellhelmet.
We are excited to check out the show floor.
HISD trustee Lawrence Marshall congratulates board president Paula Harris for fantastic victory in Tuesday's election.
I'm sitting here with this cup of yogurt in front of me, thinking: What is yogurt?
what we doin for the Cats game??
Glass of wine, vocal trance internet radio, and so many social media sites.
...whether we ID victims of domestic violence.
I deff have to disagree!
Camera or iPhoto
WingChun Slap.
Harris Co.
Pct.
4: Houston man tried to solicit teenage girls for sex on Craigslist
Why buy followers?
i dont get it...
Seeking to advance my career and willing to relocate.
now I wish I had read all of the BlogHer11 and SAA11 posts immediately.
I really wanted to go!
Everyone I know in Chula Vista is going.
i got hacked
!
Hacking this nigga page !!
Wow!!
Camp Rock 2 was pretty damn amazing!!
Jonas Brothers were great and so was Demi : No school Monday and an A in keyboarding TGIF!!:
You are the only one who can accomplish your mission in life!
Never give up!
everything about us that we hide, are ashamed and want to change are the very things that shapes our destiny.
UM GOOD!!!!
2 THE NEXT EPISODE!!!!
NEW ALBUM SOON ALL AMEDICON' TRAP DOOR ENT.
MY NEW LABEL FUCK WIT' ME!!!!
Love me but don't smother me.
I can't grow in the shade.
why the hell do people do that???
thanks for the shoutout!!
I am participating in the evolution of inspired action  Steve Maraboli
I know I'm s'pose to love you and all and i don't mean to be judgy but your blinds are ugly and your windows are filthy.
Take it easy
marriedtoanerd I can relate.
Train your labyrinth to walk on a leash.

why, thank you!
NFLrookie advice: Fans seek a relationship of identifying with players professorssional  personally.
They want the real you!
Long night last nite....
makes for a long day...
so tonight will be Long Night part 2...
wish Friday would hurry the funk up!
Try spreading them on a rack for good air circulation
What I established after dinner w/  :Should've been a GenXer.
And, I'm hiring a 3eb cover band for my 27th bday.
Preparing to teach my sister's Sunday School class today!
I am going to El Bulli tomorrow night!
EEk.
Nothing says Merry Christmas quite like Jaws 2 on the TV.
Well maybe except for Jaw 3 which starts in a few minutes.
Stormy week in MN!
I am too fucking busy all the time.
School is just in the way at this point
Thanks!
Glad you enjoy the art
why is that??
RT :Venezuela,Chile,Costa Rica, Brazil,Per,Colombia,Argentina,Mexico and the others LatinAmericaNeedsPurpleGlassestoo :D :D
Good thing Brookfield Square Food Court added Charley's Grilled Subs, in case ppl aren't feeling Subway or Quizno's.
worst moment of my life!
Still haunts me!
So glad it's the last day of the week!
going to school with Major sunburn, a pounding head, and this horrible sickness :
Bro ?
kiss you bro ?
serious ?
god , whyy
Everyone said in the newsroom though it was like a Craig Boswell FOX pkg in DC.
Nice job!
Let's see.
If a congressman or woman spends 2 hours per day fundoctorising or breakfasting with lobbyists, what do they do the rest of the day?
I'm gonna kill
i would say 1015 / hour.
then 5 extra per kid.
And more if there are new borns or babies.
mark we are so sorry, what time was your reservation for?
We close at 9pm MondayThursday
Wait, it's Saturday.
SATURDAY!
I'm showing Twitter love on SATURDAY morning!!
Geez.
im the only one that fills up my newsfeewd with GetAustinToTheTop10 tweets.
After many eons of time, the Gods at last looked upon those curious humans tampering with the forests and gardens of the world
two cause they will only get one prime time game on the NFL network
You do not need a parachute to skydive.
You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
Why am I not braver!!
here's your boy Wood!
/FLAVAHZcrew: /ICONspikeymike Come back!
We miss you too!
No one likes u.
Play is how childoctorn learn
Listen to Jimmy Buffett live in Alpine Valley, wish I was there.
I enjoy his music, for a long time!!!
LOL
If there's a bright side to Ben Gazzara's passing, it's this: virtually any of his films you watch in tribute will be a good one.
RIP.
that hologram of pac is insane...
Waiting for hologram of jimi Hendoctorx and nirvana next
Just shut up and listen...
interview
I'm a chapter in her text book...
he could also be kookoo for Knuble or hungry for hunter.
did I catch you talk to yourself?
MT : Happening on the HIll:Senate intern reports that Dan Aykroyd just walked into Sen.
Franken's ofc SNL alums
I must get up at 5:30 to study for an anthro midterm at 10:30.
Then I have class, a guest lecture, and work.
Back to busy
Well why not :
thank you!
so glad you enjoyed mask.
G
It's funny how life tells you which way to go
Mahomies Are Married To AUSTIN MAHONE
haha Thank God!!
6 more weeks of winter according to the groundhog.
Well, it sure looks like spring already outside the office!
Hey Warriors, Good luck with your finals!!!!
If you're looking for good fairy tale retellings, read The anthologies Terri Windling edited.
I'm proud of you!
Verify Him Out!
Test Him Out!
Bestoffering Investigative Guidebook Shows Girls How To Examine Out Their Significant Other p
Mean people don't matter.
The fans that love Matt will feed him with so much good energy that he won't even notice the mean ones
Here's a story about nothing.
The End.
Smoking indoors at a restaurant is such a foreign concept.
May 12,1912: Churchill: The King talked stupidily about the Navy.
Disheartening to hear cheap and silly doctorvel.
Worship Pastor , Worship amp; Music Pastor, Search Church Job Listing
I am allergic to April, the Southwest, moths, and waking up before 8am.
Tosh.O greatest show ever
it helps when you don't add the extra 's' ;
Husband or Wife remix  video coming soon the cuzzo ft real shyt S/O FWM CokeBoy We on FIRE lol
Tweet tweet tweet
I love tweeting and using recently used hashtags, especially when it makes no sense.
Ok....How is everybody doing today?Hopefully your monday hasnt been as crappy as mine haha
I stopped reading homeless people's cardboard signs I just hand them money and send them with the prayer
It was great to meet you, too, Nicole!
'Looking forward to the Indy librarians tweetup in June!
'See you at the theatres, too!
Inaugural meeting of the HarveyCasper appreciation society!
Wat it is anit been on here n a while wat have I miss
Wanna eat some pussy
'borscht'  russian for nausea
: My thoughts are with you guys.
I'll make out with my bf on the side of the street.
Idgaf what no one thinks.
you were absolutely amazing
Great example: how can we preserve electronic communication between migrants  homelands, esp for oral cultures?
and chest hair too!!
;
Do you think they should put Eric Smith on the top of the float at the giantsparade today?
Tyra's the only one out of everyone I know, that's read it, that likes Will
no problem.
Hope you are doing well.
yea I wanted to go there.
Stuck at UofA.
Still represent GB though.
On the way to JR's bar  grill for the 8:00 show.
I did not say that
Palermos Pizza,perfectly poured doctorfts from the FINEST tap system  can buy,hotties dotting the venue, Ivy's deliciousness is mind bottling!
Just found out shipment of Pantaleo delayed til next week.
In the meantime, we're featuring Bianco Sardo on chz plate
Marquise Trevon Wilson  his 2 Blue's are on their way to Nastie Garage's Cali 3 Car Event/Meet in Pomona 2 see what it do!
:D
updating my various official web pages: SJSU Experts, SJSU Publications, SJSU Dig Repository.
Yeesh, we need a single locale
Where in the world is CEO Elisabeth Mason?
She  VP Nate Falkner in Dallas at the Assn of Community College Trustees meeting.
I remember the era of carbon paper too.
But I am NOT old!
I refuse...lol
i love youu too aynna!
:D
impact of private investment in education, good and bad
Out with Hanover/Bates neighbors on their weekly safety walk.
Please stop allowing bands to upload music with nudity as album artwork.
It is offensive and will bring a boycott if not stopped
What's happening?
You're absolutely right.
It makes me tired and sleepy too!
ok teekkrler!
:
I didn't think I was going to finish in time, but I did.
Whew!
I love Glee!
no problem!
have you gotten the chance to check out our music?
You need to identify your long term goals and realize the amount of risk you are willing to take in the stock market
Thanks I will have another!
Come on Arkansas!
Caught up with some residents at City of Gold casino in Pojoaque.
Red Cross not accepting pets, so tribe set up a separate shelter.
Keep my friend lovely in prayer her family is Jehovah's witness  she got kicked out her house today for following Christ
Thanks for telling me, now I'm gonna go watch you.
Well Hello Nick, just wanted to tweet you let you know Big Windy Cat, on the No Limits CD 09 ' is fresh.
.
What is the point anyway?
How can you gauge how the intensity of fans?
Half the finalists aren't from WI nor own tickets.
Rooting for kuchar to win the masters.
RT Need to get my diet and exercise on
I can be on your website for HOURS!
Literally!
Love your work!
Cry me a river or ?..
Oh the hat!
Yes, it makes me happy!
:
Patron and corona with brad in Hillsboro.
Ballet status.
Yes indeed!!!
Yandy I wish you were on this show!!RT : Basaketball Wives...tuned in!
Hitting and relief pitching need to improve NOW!
Kinda feels left out now since everything's changed...
Twitter ....
Please increase your damn capacity.
Hell yea Mavs!!!
First time using Twitter on a computer.: Listening to Halestorm.3 They are amazing!!!
:
My train is experiencing equipment problems.
This is no way to reward getting up early for work!
thats how you work you work your way into my heart right there lol
RT : What do Republicans call a gay man with neoconservative passion, a committed relationship and personal courage?
A faggot.
Hey everyone!
Please check me out on YouTube!
And also please buy my song Forgive and Forget on iTunes!
Sunshine makes morning errands easier
When we text, we want to talk to you, don't ignore us.
Read between the lines.
It's a good sign.
brother, i hope all is well with you.
Miss ya homie.
Have a great last month of school  if u ever need anything, just hit me up
On a lighter note, FOX can now run their scheduled programming of Bill Cunnigham, Steve Wilkos and Jerry Springer.
Spending the day with
January Special!
Enjoy 50 off w/ me until 1/28 at Call 414.988.4165 to book.
Certain conditions apply.
I love my little group of followers!
We should all get together some weekend and have a bake sale or something.
Washi has been made for 1400 years from the barks of 3 renewable plants: kozo, gampi and mitsumata
thx  you guys need all the help you can get in November.
I plan to be a registered voter by then...
omg babe YOUR american accent WITH a hint of your accent...
SEXY AS HELL approved ;P
I had the same feeling, just with more colorful words.
I had sex while portishead was playing once.
Oh god.
and it was Glory box of all songs.
I felt like i was in some HBO porno.
awkward
This is dumb as fuck!!
RT : Spell Saggin backwards...
yep...
exactly...
read essay by Romney ex partner on why inequality is good he's not talking about middle class
Down like Charlie Brown :
Thanks Richard!
Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction.
John F.
Kennedy
oh, gleeks.
I could only ever do those by accident.
Thank goodness I had a phone tracking app today after I left my phone at the movies!
looking forward to doctorft.
Can't go to sleep.
I'm doomed.
Got pictures taken downtown today in 25 degree weather wear a short sleeve shirt.
will you have a booth?
I thought my computer broke today for several hours until I fished out an old plug from a box  tried it.
It was terrible, I'm still shaking
What a surprise...
doesn't mean they can go to raves whenever they want.
im in the mood to sleep more.
whyigive so valuable to keep topofmind in our hectic world.
Thank YOU, Michael
Phoenix ...
where's ur dad?
Who is watching kimwedding?!
:D
Happy March!
new course coming this month New Certified Safety and Health Manager examination Preparation Program
you didn't even text me back!
sfgiants I need u
Yea but that's obvious ahah!
I will when you get here!
HURRY UP!!!!!
is going to be a beat this week...
Great post on the Porsche tribute, amazing photos
I'm up north again, but not too far.
Red Roof on 35 N.
Definitely booking earlier next year.
That would be funny if Courtney Love became a manager at a Carvel and her doctoram finally came true.
is introducing the Libraries, Archives, and Museums: Beyond the Silos strategic conversation at Harvard today
We r willing to spend outrageous amounts of time  money perfecting our makeup, putts, clothing, car, serves  hair.
But our HEALTH?
I'm so high on life I got that rockstar mentality....
Lebron thrives in MSG!!
i would date u every day and sometimes more than once on weekends and we'd make youtube videos together and delete them
Unreal.
RT : The Badgers have now blocked the entire ACC from Jarrod Uthoff's transfer list.
I don't understand .
Judge called Sidebar after Baez referred to Ashton This laughing guy here.
That's unprofessorssional expression from mister Baez.
I don't think still doctornks tea.
Specially not on tour it's all bout the CIROC.
Not a bad idea.
Thanks for the suggestion.
Thought I was deathly late...
Turns out I'm n hour early!
Played the music too loud, my head feels like its about to explode and my phone is almost dead toox AndHereComesTheSun ItWasAGoodNight:
He Kicked Him In His Balls Hard !
: 0 I Was Like Damn..
Ugh hate it when that happens!
Thanks for letting me know, though.
Have a great day!
Marta
Goin to cedar point next weekend
SPRING BREAK!
Let's get it started.
long live the pimp m/f...
joemoneyjr rippimpc P I Bmoss
RT : Atlanta clearly hasn't recovered from the Great Chicago Collapse of two nights ago.
Super thanks to I'm instantly addicted to
We saw the Rib Whip broke down on the Bay Bridge a couple weeks back.
:
Thanks for including us!
real men dnt play volleyball, pussies do.
RT : Best friend is someone who knows all about you and loves you anyway.
Elbert Hubbard
S/O TO ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS!!!
Im glad were connected and looking forward to seeing u all next Thurs our Radio event with
Know a rockstar salesperson ready to join a fast growing group buying company?
Have them email us:
Agreed.
I hope Tebow personally gives you a high five for all the fighting you do for him.
BUT, if u run for 30 or walk for 60 min, that can burn about the same amount of calories!
Intensity  duration are determining factors.
Watching the bruins game!
And what is wrong with this picture?
Packers team this one for Philbin get this one today GOPACKGO smash this team.
we're hoping you smoke them both!!
Who wants a twig when you can have the whole tree ;
love your background bruvvva!
Soo tired from gymnastics..finally got my pullover on bars lol
ugh, I don't feel like doing any of this homework..
Clippers score at beginning of 3rd qtr.
Miss the extra point.
Colonials 7:6 Clippers.
OH MY GAWD THERE ARE PUPPIES IN THE LIBRARY.
I'm at bday party and this is getting really deep lol
Sims 3 pets 33333 Txt me :
I'll make sure u make the credits.
Unless u star as IT guy alone in dark lib, trying to install something...
creepy music
first i park my car, then i fuck yo bitch
Let us be thankful for the fools.
But for them the rest of us could not succeed.
Mark Twain
we're in VA doctorpping kid off at college, but welcome home!
8:00 am Mass?
:
Ok I gotta see this Asham Beagle fight
I'm still lost.
And btw it won't let me DM back because you're not following me.
It's The Rangers series to win now.
Yep, I teach stats every semester, so that prob explains it.
When I teach inequality, they all do well!
What a day!
Paparazzi and lunatic fans don't realize how dangerous they make a situation.
Does this Borders bankruptcy affect O'Reilly at all or is it a nonissue?
Did someone say food?
lost my tennis matches today ...
haha I kept laughing because of the tennis mockumentery
Can't wait!
I didn't say you had to give me your heart..keep that shit, but you ain't gotta be a bitch.
okay...i hope they tell us soon!!!
omg i'm so excited to go!!!
3 3 i hope they do meet n greets....
How did u tell me I was good for u and still leave jokes on me
i never knew you could be this shallow.
Kissed a beautiful girl for the first time in months and it was amazing!
Got that right
How many times can a guy tell me he is too important for me before I get it?
LotsOfTimes,Apparently
Eden Rooftop is bananas right now!!
Dj Life flowing.
Get here now!!
BTW, love the infographicized resume you have linked from your Twitter professorle.
AW
thanks man!
already have a lot to tell you about when I get back
I love it the doctoram ticket, problem is Romney will not endorse this man's behavior.
Why is lion king trending?
Damn CJ has a nasty ERA..
I still love him and I believe in him, you'll get it back tomorrow!
Beat stl!!
dammit print is not coming out just right and i am low on ink.
damn you insanely expensive pro9000 ink.
Good morning all  thanks for supporting our free shipping event over the weekend
thank you spreading Slap Bass Ninja on twitter!
Also, congrats on working with Gerald!
He's awesome!
Today somebody called me a trouble maker.
I said I'm glad you've been paying attention
Any Xbox live players wanna get a ass whoopin on 2K?
...stovetop.
We've only got one fryer, I'm afraid.
But we're happy to do it!
Happy Mothers day to my beautiful best friend : Angel has been blessed with a great mommy!
Matzah Ball was super duper fun!
I wish I went to formal though
Quote from my acting teacher: Everything and the possibility of becoming anyone are inside of you
yeah that's kinda what I'm thinking.
I may bring robin with me too.
I'm not positive I can miss work Friday but we'll see
Lanham: Elbow's new book promises to be a humdinger, so go out and buy it.
After you buy mine, of course.
its going good!
Went to visit my older brotha b4 I go to work
PLEASE JUST ANSWER ME FOR ONCE
Jamming to MarvinsRoom with the peeps!
Hahhaa :
that's what friends are for : seducing me into the Cult of the Ipad....
I was inspired this morning by your ASTD2012 presentation with on using games to engage learners.
Outstanding!
this morning I am going to greet everyone I call, or who calls me wakey wakey eggs and bakey in honor of
You should really stop throwing away the whole cake after eating the one piece.
It's really wasteful man.
Yes!
I agree.
Why does Ribbon in the Sky always slay me?
And why must it be playing at brunch?
Lawdy.
New course?
Expect the unexpected.
Perhaps we need to approach it like NPR  ask for donations for folks that find value in the interpretive services provided
please follow me?:x
So they can loose again?
Lmao
Happy Birthday Trayvon Martin.
REST IN PARADISE.
pours Arizona
Surgery went well.
She's eating now.
Praying to be released SOON.
Just saw DETROPIA at MDFF12.
I'm a fan of both directors so of course, I loved it.
I have like 4 Cs and there is like no school left...
Ugh what am I gonna do :
Wait..
Gee's trending?
Got our marriage license today!
Q2 Can prizes be things like one overdue forgiveness, 10 free prints, etc?
Why are the read 180 kids having a celebration you motherfucks had 4 years to pass and finally did
it has been damn but I'm doin good, hope you are too.
RT : It's 1 Burger Night at Bar Louie tonight!
Stop down after 5:00pm to enjoy 1/2 lb.
burgers for just a buck!!!
History Channel Zombies: A Living History is on tonight.
maybe it's an inside joke.
Just didn't want to write an article and get the correct terms wrong.
Watch Good Christain Belles sunday on ABC.
Woo!
Now we're using timeline!!
you're a minimalist, like me
Is everyone ready for the weekend?
What are your plans?
UGC  user generated content  blog posts  comments, restaurant/product reviews, tweets, FB status updates, etc.
Watching Nip Tuck for the 1st time
oh good, the plumber has returned.
Now I can continue to sit here and listen to him talk to himself.
Back in my home for the week.
Dinner Special has begun!
Choice of Kabob or Gyros, rice, braised green beans, Spanakopita, dolmas, pita  Soup or Salad!
Starts at 13
RT : SERIOUSLY, I CAN'T STOP THINKING ABOUT HOW MUCH FUN WE'RE ABOUT TO HAVE
hey thanks babe
RT : The best way to predict the future is to create it.
Thanks for the Support!
It's warm outside.
I need to think of something chilly for dinner.
RT : : Such a double standard: when a guy sleeps with a bunch of girls, he's a stud, but when I do, I'm a lesbian
Gronk is on another level..and I despise the Pats
Ugly and you know it!!!
Ugly Christmas sweater party this Saturday!
2 Miller Lites and 2 captainin Morgan doctornks!
Congrats on getting linked in that Greenwald post.
Hope you are well.
OO.....FrAcK......
I Finally came to a decision.
Restaurant Online ordering provider, orderTalk Inc., expands customer service commitment in the United Kingdom.
Read
Are you applying logic to politics?
Oh, if only...
have fun at the meet and greet!
Arrive later tonight...check u tomm.
Swing by the Event at to purchase tix to the Holiday Gala!
sounds good to me :
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams.
Eleanor Roosevelt
Yes.
It's a generational tragedy.
Love reconnecting with old friends.
It's one of the best joys in my life :
Reconsidering my faith in language priming studies until someone does research where they test every word combination possible.
yep!
haha.
Press Pass Music...only upandcoming bands/musicians from OrangeCounty.
Such great times.
So excited for a relaxing day with this sweetheart :
RT : Shout out 2 my new follower
I had goat cheese, almonds and dates in my salad tonight and thought of you :
is it 2nd Saturday again?
I'll should come out of my cave tomorrow.
Im looking into free agency and the doctorft is coming soon
Donalddoctorver Keep the faith....
Definitely a funny coincidence ;
Me too!
Looks great sitting anywhere.
Also, cool show tomorrow in TALLAHASSEE, FL at Floyds w/ Forever  Always, Metanoia, Tourist, Oh The Let Go,  Interstate Heartbreak!
your not alone.
Sad to day I've done that before too.
Just have to laugh about it :
Party, Dance and try new Craft Beer!
Won our 1st game this morning.
We r in the final 4
Moving; is a step into a new....be joyous in it!
Text TREVOR to 85944 and make a 5 donation to support the lifesaving work of the in recognition of TrevorLive tonight
I am about to be ghost on EVERYBODY........
Watch i'm done with everybody
My mom is coming to SD FOR MY GRADUATION YES!!!!!!!!!!
RIP Wade Belak.
You will certainly be missed.
Recorded a couple of demos yesterday, trying out a borrowed Cascade Victor on vocals.
What's the vector, Victor?
1 Raise taxes, keep race in town 2 Take out loans to solve 10 of a problem 3???
4 professort!
Happy Birthday to our intern from , Kathryn!
It's Electric!
Gotta see this, ehe Hottest New Thing In Candles,
Halloween potluck  costume contest for ascedians Friday.
50 Gift Card on the line.
Stay tuned for pics.
When you are family member of someone in the service you are always weary of an army vehicle arriving with a chaplain.
Thank you!
She's a newbie.
now we are far away.
But soon we will be closer I am sure
Karl, I am so disappointed.
I'm Bringing Sexy Back!
Oh no.
Hunny, you're the reason it left.
Happy Easter 3
RT Well, I am partial to Red Fin's happy hours 46p  10p  close :: laugh:: Okay, not Belltown, but I'll give you that 1.
;
haha...
Yes, it's rough.
I wish it was like this everyday...
took a random halfday from work to mainly do some writing.
Why is everyone sleeping on TMO all of a sudden ?
This song still gives me life !
Caylee's such a wild sleeper!
Priceline Earnings Could Give Stock A Pop Next Week
Sometimes i regret .......
If you come to Taberna del Alabardero and checkin Yelp's mobile app, we offer 20 discount on paella of Chorizo, ribs and fried egg!
wow we're just so good at telling time!
yes other things like Cleague soccer, Cleague indoor football, Cleague hockey ...
why not take pride in one REAL team?
Cool  good luck!
I don't own a cat and according to today's c21nonhuman sessions that makes me a pretty radical academic!
;
thanks for the follow back!
:D xoxo
So exicited for the how I met your mother season finale tonight!
My Mom anyone else's mom :
: switches to NASCAR haha so true!
TGIF!
What are your plans for the weekend?
Shopping?
Life is strange the person you want sometimes doesnt want you as bad as you want them....I wish they would just man up and say so
how much do you guys have to pay in taxes out of ur check though?
I've heard its killer...
Still in hospital.
Were getting close hopefully.
My bet is 7:15 PST.
I just met a really nice twig.
It's my friend now.
We have so much in common.
It's brown, it's in the grass, it's got no wheels.
Flyline Search Marketing welcomes newest client AllensFlowers of San Diego, California.
They are San Diego's premier floral design center!
Hopefully Alex can take me home tomorrow after home room.
:
tr ondemand yoga  yogatailor.com RT : too tired to go to yoga, on demand workout it is
War in Iraq is over!
One to go!
...Sigma out
Wanna go for a ride?
Uhh...ok.
Yeah !
Such a great game and amazing performances by Terry and JJ.
thank you breathe carolina for keeping me company while i cleaned my room.
in which case our dad just got a whole lot cooler.
his JQ: through.
the.
roof.
...pic to follow.
Pretty jealous of my lil bro who gets to go see Van Halen in Nashville tommorow night!
People who control your funding probably don't care about nerd metrics like visits, likes, etc
why am I just starting to follow you now?
I really thought I was already!
Hey crazy man yelling about Jesus.
We appreciate you!
RT : I got 10 on it...
RT : Looking at some of the footage from So excited!
Sittin with my brother while he records some covers of Zac Brown Band..
he's so talented
back at ya!
Say hi to my old colleague David Press.
aw ur so sweet thanks for reminding me
At work so lost right now
only if you do too bby: 3
Thanks : This is amazing!
And its literally outside my back door.
Smells amazing too.
...
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tomarow's show?
;
OMGCF !
Did y'all really kiss Cody on the cheek ?
Medium sweaty
How was heaven when you left it?
Thank you for the follow!
:
I started my excercising again!
1st day 5miles!!!
: and a 100 crunches....
moving sucks!
i decided to make a fb..
but only cuz its the only way i can stay in touch with my friends from other countires :P
what my Love isn't hard :
Keep those beautiful mornings coming!
i'll see what I can do.
Not to be racist.
Oh god that shit pisses me off when people say that.
Thanks for spreading the word!
i would never wanna leave.
RT : If El Paso's weather was like THIS everyday 
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the the universe.
Albert Einstein
Oona Schmid: But the broader question is, are these really the right publishing and copyright models going forward?
I hope Demian Bichir wins.
He's a gem.
Thank you for contributing!
We'd love to have you anytime!
thanks Shelly for RT how are you?
Thanks for the RT my friend!
Cheers!
yea but I gtg my sister gets mad when I'm watching a movie with her and I'm on twitter lol
: hahah have fun
i will but i hit the following limit so u hav u wait a few days???
Hope you are having a blessed Tuesday as well!!!
Xo
I know shrugs I'll stop now..
eo NOT NICE!
You're welcome!
:
Patience has its limits.
Take it too far, and it's cowardice.
nope but how random!
max schnieder is actually really sexy
lmao look you gotta spice it up sometimes...
omg them and that zap thing zap one directions in my room right now :
Susie, u shld have seen the fqin gay ass club John took us to in Miami!
Is the concert over.
How is he doing.
Does he look pale or anything.
Science is a great game.
It is inspiring and refreshing.
The playing field is the universe itself.
I just dominated you 3, it's okay if u guys want to practice tomorrow, I'll take the day off
New contract on audio work for Columbia/Tristar.
I hope it does.
:
Thanks again Rick for joining us in Madison, really fun talking to you!
The music video for These Times by moved me to tears.
Congratulations to our Chairelect, !
Thanks to all the candidates for a good, spirited campaign.
love u too darling :
it just goes to show that prayers work.
Timeout with 1 minute remaining and a 2 point lead in the
Stayed up til 4 AM last night just ZONING hard w headphones on feeling grateful to have been exposed to so much great music in my life.
Hurry back.
Can't wait!
RT : with at getting limetogo limeforlunch for us and !
why would you say that?
sounds like a plan my do

I wish I could find the kind of love that is in TheNotebook :/
If a Diamondback is a snake, where the heck did the cat mascot come from?
OH.MY.GOD.BECKY.
RT : Make today better than yesterday!
2011 you can keep all the hate from haters!
Keep doctormatically events from doctorma queens, keep all the gossip from attention seekers!
just took the regents, BIZARRE
Interesting ...
RT : Trend in late 2012: short, crafted posts that show their work some way other than length.
Surfrider CEO speaking: 'In 2008 China already implemented this.
We are not leading.'
She has good taste, she's following me!
: you should follow them!
They make my week easier.
wat up big bro?
he is!
Look it up!
Hello love : Im fine.
Just stressed out.
Wbu?
at time of the night, if its not a 50 chance of diarrhea..
Its not worth eating.Anthony Bourdain
Envious.
I live in a state with prohibitionstupid liquor laws.
that chick in the stoners night video looks mad bored
michaeljackson Saw in Arrowhead Stadium, at the start of the Victory Tour '84.
Moonwalk, 75k people locked on the referee pants.
Unreal.
You're off the hook for camera time.
:
we still on for tomorrow's tasting?
Hope to see you there.
I am glad that you liked it.
g'nite I'm ready to hit the rack myself
no it's Shorte
have it again this year!
Good to know :
its a huge number.
And I think still growing.
54 on the front nine...
38 on the back nine..
Can you say inconsistent haha..
how do you see the nlcs going for the brewers?
At NMFA congressional event.
Rock star Rep Susan Davis receives next award.
Acxiom's Colclasure emphasizes the emotional attachment to personal data
We hear ya on that one, Sarah.
150 flashcards by hand?
We can feel the carpal tunnel just thinking about it.
Happy flipping!
I am sorry to hear that.
:

We'd love to cohost a furchat and discuss the Digital Dog Park  how do you send and receive info with your dog peeps online?
Phone extra doctor .
he doesn't use his twitter
New blog entry is posted on myspace..
be sure to check it out!
Holographic blade says what up...
What ever you do please don't make holograms of the following artist
I just finished calculus 1 and I'm taking calculus 2 this summer, starting in about a week!
Joy!
you as in me?
Or you as people in general?
:o
Depends on the daughters age and if her true passion is acting.
College isn't for everyone.
totally just heard thunder.
crap.
crap.
crap.
53.5k on dinner break...
under avg but steady grindin the stack...
accepting all donations!
:
Very disappointed in SNL to this point.
Expected more with Jim Carey hosting.
Guess it can't get worse.
Desert trails parent cynthia standing for all parents.
Talks about harassment from rescission campaigners.
Seriously the perfect pair!
I am already looking for a second pair...
just to compliment these and mix it up a bit...
:
In some ways, levels the playing field of friendship stratification
Happy MLK Day everyone.
Like this if you have the day off!
Now I'm following more of an ROI question.
My opinion is based upon belief in preventive care; maybe eval that among pts?
Spring day like this makes me realize summer is on it's way, call us for A/C tune up!
9193250180
Thinking of going to  hard to tear myself away from the nonrainy garden, though!
Perhaps I'll go tomorrow.
2 new followers with LOCKED accounts.
Come on ...
why play in social media if you don't want to be social?
'so you guys are just going to sit there while your friend gets beat up' 
Yes, but it's the last day for the Early Bird Special RT : Presale tix still available?
Gen44 because with every idea he tweets Obama loses another 1000 voters.
Keep tweeting it up
Need help now?
Chat with the library by adding uhlibrarian to your contact list in AIM, Yahoo!, or GoogleTalk.
I don't know about that, my stock response to restaurant disputes is getting kind of old
Did I tell you I kissed in the rain 
Suiting up for this Saturdays Pewaukee River Run!
Put It On The Alter Jessica Reedy : Luv this song, gets me thru my days
yay!!
Can't wait to see you too.
oh I read that wrong lol sorry laken you can't do wife things lmao
RT My tweets are protected for the sake of my unborn childoctorn
Becoming a better poker player has to be the biggest test of my patients evah!
Let the game come to you!
We makin things happen this weekend
I'm on the phone wiffff you: oddeee hungryy
Air ForceArmy will be on CBS Sports Network.
chilling at the house getting tatted
Between 12 inches fell this morning around the metro, but just 60 miles west of town in Charlottesville they received 8 inches!!
Have a blast in Madoctord!!
wow,ok.Bye:
Today's Special is a 5 Gyros!
Gyros Slices of Seasoned beef or Chicken in warm pita w/ lett, tom, onions  side of Tzatziki
As always, a great time at 20 Minutes and a beer last night.
Great to meet and
Got a call  ac not cooling  gotta go go
Hyperlocal started by geeks as a tech company.
Built dynamic interface, ad network  coworking space.
cause it's ma burrdaayyy lolol
And the house hunt BEGINS!
Just found a place in arlington with a pool and its in my price range.
BONER.
Up watching Malibu's Most Wanted
MusicFest with Sarah and ah!!
Yayyy!
Its forever raining outside and its supposed to thunder storm for my prom tomorrow :
awesome I am so wishing I was there.
I just want it to be the weekend so I can sleep
No more work for today.
Time to go outside and play.
HAPPY BIRTHDAYY TO MY BESTFRIEND Hope you have an amazing day..
And weekend!
link for details?
Oh cool, two buildings just exploded.
I'm getting the idea that this isn't a happy film.
so how do u make a pair on their
France this summer for 3 weeks then prob argentina Or canada :D
Don't forget...
SECO 2011 is in building C of the GWCC!
Unconditional love That's what I got for you.
3
Baby you light up my world like nobody else ;
In America, we will eventually have a President that used to play Pokemon as a child.
Scary.
A6: What are the institutional requirements for cloud: Distance ed?
Improved access for students?
Research support?
something happened at the LU?
My mom farted like 5 times 
good tune!!
That was huge hit at Howl last night!!!
Oh yea and a hockey team....
M yes.
Just met one of the most genuine human beings ever moussa from paris.
A musical master just trying to heal the world.
With all of these political memoirs coming out, which are you excited to read?
Now that Melo's back, let's beast through the playoffs
people who try too hard really piss me off
What a day of themasters !
Bubba and Louis are on their green put on the 18th.
Who will win?
I just got really excited!
They are so perfect!
Last day of tours for the summer at AmericanU!
Going to make today the best!
Sad for summer to end...
I hope they make Mass Effect 4 and chronicle the crippling depression that sets in when Shepard realizes his career has peaked already
We are one week away from the TLA Conference!
Are you coming?
What are you looking forward to the most?
Use hashtag tnla12 to share!
what is kudu?
Hey it's BK, When you get a hole in your sock, do you hesitate then throw both away, do you toss em immediately, or do u save one/both?
Again, unfuckingbelievable!
What are your thoughts on malex?
;
Which magazine was it in?
woah, me too!
At first I was like I must be changing, I actually enjoy this weather!
now i'm all like when does fall get here!
Askdoctororm We are wondering if you have any examples of meditation helping with alcoholism?
everybody thatz wit me,I SEE U!
itz us against the world,I BURNT UP THAT WHITE FLAG SO WE CAN NEVER SURRENDER!
nevergiveup!
Thanks for checking!
:
I would like to die of natural causes because every other way is painful.
Wow ok the  section of this app has not been working thanks for the follows and RTs the last day or so.
can anyone hear what I am carving on the wood arms of this commode
Gallardo quiickly is baseball's leader in gopher balls,having given up three thru 2 plus innings..
ouch
THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IN SAN ANTONIO IS THIS THURSDAY AT CLUB FUEGO!!
AND ITS GONNA BE A FOAM PARTY!!!
justlikefootball goducks great win over the huskies last night!
Hm..
Got detention today!
LOL
Corzine is a
Never knew love would feel like a heart attack.
Busy Saturday morning w/ customers looking at cattle then off to a 4H clinic til noon.
Thats the honkytonk spirit!
RT : I ain't gonna leave til they throw me out.
Formula for my upcoming project is
Very excited to present Affiliate Marketing for Local Businesses at our Woamtec Brookfield, WI Chapter luncheon today!
had to use the paper chem abstracts subject indexes today..
no fun
Wrapped in Indy with Ohio State defeating Michigan.
B10 Championship game tomorrow, 3:30 on
WeGoTogether If I give you the half of the oreo with the most cream.
...a big thanks to all of you who brought your energy, enthusiasm, DH smarts,  good humor to Charlottesville this weekend for THATCamp!
of course!
I'll keep you posted!
I brought up the raping before you brought up the clutch shooting...
You tell me
Baylor needs to work the clock with some ball reversals..
Pick one!
twitterhug across the board.
There is no democracy w/terrorists or their supporters.
If MB takes over Egypt, it's no dif't than Hamas taking over Gaza.
The explosion won't kill everyone in New York, but the two beautiful people can't be together.
Now that's tragedy.
Steelers having superb offseason.
Somehow kept Wallace and, despite picking low, doctorfted two quality OL players, shoring up only weak spot.
that's how we roll in Portland sexy girl!!!!
Welcome home!
RT Remember to vote : vote indiana congress goodguy / Thank you.
She dont wanna see her nigga happy then RT : some women not about to ok they nigga to screw the next chick
You know what would be hella funny?
To get blakedavis trending.
Hahahah
Ugh, Whatever ;
Loves my life!
'tchangeathing!
Depends on when you will be in LA.
We will make it happen although prob no bones this time :
Dang like everyone in fairview is going to be working at spinners pizza....
OMG you guys have no lives!
RT : Me and stalk on twitter and in English...
Please don't forget me while you're living it up next year, keep in mind that i care about you.
More than you could imagine.
.
Off to 1930s America w/ Alexander Nemerov.
Today: Reinhardt's 'A Midsummer Night's doctoram' and Nini Theilade's exit in the arms of darkness.
I know that I miss u
Hey Louis!
Just wanted to say 1.
youre amazing 2.
hope youre doing well 3.
I love you 3 :
us east coast
So many loved ones are passing.
My faith is shaken.
That's true, donate it to a nursing home if you don't like it.
The old ladies will love it.
:D
82 and sunny!!
First day of spring!!
Bumping today was a good day because it really is.
oh well, guess you gotta go naked ;
RIP  Steve Jobs.
A legend Gone.
Smh some seems wrong but at the same time feels so right
Watching the Music City Bowl.
MSU is up by 2 on Wake Forest with 5:35 to go in the third qtr.
BTW, follow for good stuff.
Haha yea!
Lol  yea we only want him to be happy3
yes, the iPad keyboard is ergonomically safe.
The size is plenty  the angle of the surface is actually most important.
THEN we have to cut out magazine ads and glue them to paper  write the same thing:p
That's the thing with music, when it hits you feel no pain.
I wonder where she'd live!
yeah its a good song  
Oh darn.
DM me  : 7th story of the week!
I'll give you a pass on not calling back then : Look foward to reading them!
Alganon Trivia!
Which deity is also known as The Winnower of Souls?
First correct answer wins a beta key!
weird but now I wanna try....lol
Yeay Howard Henley  my brutha without an S!!
hoping to finally finish my finding aid today after 6 months
I love Diana Vreeland and excited for her new documentary The Eye Has to Travel in the
.
reminds us not 2 forget that you have permission to be happy in the present moment.
she also said eat dirt
just found it in my spam folder will reply shortly.
No doubt.
Just taught Ann Beattie story Weekend that references film and gave me the chance to blab on and on about it.
Goodnight moon and goodnight, you.
I used to be one of them, I evolved :3.
Dexter returns tonight.
I see plastic bags in someone's future.
Ahh, a Slice of Serial Killer Life.
fresh out the shower, just realized im still not ready to talk to him ..
should i just ignore all his calls for the rest of the day ???????.
Oh dear, Glasgow managers dont dominate the EPL after all.
Just chillin in bed, wide awake for the last 3 hours 
yeah with some key repeating :
Coleman is pitching for the Cubs.
I think it is the Coleman who was the butler in Trading Places.
Attention Current ACM Students: Check your UCO email for details on submitting your band for the Rocks Bricktown festival.
Thx for the shout out!
listenin to on choice fm.
badman
IBelieveThatWeWillWin let's go Aztecs!
At the BareBackGill taking in the game!
OMG you are not!!!!
can he introduce me to snooki?
haha
wow...that was a long shake!
I'm glad I'm not the only one that doesn't understand the hype!
What's the big deal??
Why is it so amazing?
Lol, i already know you;
jenniferhudson gr8 performance tonight at GRAMMYs heartfelt  stirring.
Can't believe they asked anyone to do thatbut you were fabulous
looks like wrestling at flea markets is in his future with those fat arms.
At Eataly for the 1st time.
Wow.
Impressive for being in the middle of Manhattan!
Wow that would have a been a disaster..
Wouldve wasted 600..
Im turning into a hopeless romantic
READii TO GO TOO CHURCH 4 SUM REASON
Getting the hang o this Twitter thing.
Social media and marketing for the office!
love music RT Sometimes hearing a song can be like time travel...
music has the power to bring back memories 3 Christy Taylor on 91X
Keep the news coming, Alex!
Tattoo Time!
They probably meant Queen of Disco
too funny.
I think that means you need to make it back to Atl.
Stoooppppp don't be like that butter cup..you know I love you.!
for real though right
dhtrial so seems that's all folks...
for today anyway...no verdict ywet
omg what do she have on?!
SHE RATCHET!
Hey !
Follow us?
Yeah just like other mahomies our doctoram is to be noticed 3
I love that.
Lmao when says neat o :'
New fans will know Miguelito, Pepito Martito, Carlito and Dick.
Directioners will always know Wayne, Ian, Barry, Kyle and Hughy.
this 
Happy New Year to all!!!
If I didnt make mistakes I wouldn't be the artist I am today
what u doin for the rest of the day
miss you too
Watching TheWalkingDead while discussing whether Thumbelina is a good movie or not.
Naw!!
I think the beard looks kickass.
You rock.
So happy for your success in business and life.
Don't you dare pass through Oregon without looking me up!
a little :p
oh yea I do owe u some tix..
Okay okay lemme see how goo I can get!
forrrreal.
Ms reeds lurkkkkin so hard
I get to go to a rocky horror picture show rave.
I'm having second thoughts
biting the hand that feeds me

when are you coming back to the bay?
These young men and boys sure could use it Thefutureisbright
Massive love to for the support and love  Mendez
Is playing at the Webster Theater in Hartford Connecticut tomorrow.
Stop by and check out my band Impuria!
If katy perry's slit shifts a bit to the left you can see the whole way to china.
days like this change the way I look at love.
No guarantees  not usually very fair.
But God is still good.
And always will be.
I got a Mac and a PC here.
The PC won't recognize my GoFlex that was MADE SPECIFICALLY FOR THIS FUCKING REASON!
Jon Bon Jovi is actually my dissertation inspiration.
Bed time?
Not mad about it.
RT : We like  what they are doing!
Can't wait to see them at plantech 2012!
Just got an email from a producer.
They are interested in one of my screenplays and it has a good chance to go.
you go kelly jaccarino you go tanning
I kan see the finsh line.
Okay, you go around spreading lies about me in a truck, then in the movies, then in the woods?
DoinTooMuch: I'm NOT nasty like that boo.
I'm all for people riding the subway, rich or not.
iknow ,thats why i jss had a big Bowl of Vanilla ice cream , naah:
Shoot for the moon.
Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.
theres one every friday on halsey st, art kitchen  6.
and coffee cave has verses on tuesday nights, then theres live and direct
Diagnosis: No tickets to the U2 360tour depression.
Remedy: Prantl's almond torte therapy.
Well, I see that is almost to 5,000 followers, when it gets there, contest!!!
It hurts so bad
what you mean?
I need someone to screw and chop this Pk law
OK!
I can't name not one of those people from his season either.
But David.
Shooobeeededah, always.
FCK a tattoo , FCK a ring , FCK a Password , FCK switching phones , just DONT cheat , DONT Lie , be HONEST and I'll know it's REAL.
I just have to say that is the BOSS.
Of like music festivals and organization of crazy people.
The BOSS.
RT : What other real life person do you think should have their life story made into a musical?
What on earth will this look like?
Going to bed now.
Its been a long day!
3
Wat part of long island are you from ?
Is Chris the Turtle of your Entourage?
In study hall with two of my bestfriends Sophie  Erika watching Santa Clause 2 
I don't have 7th.
So like right after 6th
Enjoying the 4th at the Cherry Creek Art Festival in Denver.
Marvelous art and 98 in the shadewhat a blast!
Endowed z
it's been a vulnerable journey full of roses ,helicopters  capes...not sure why it went all wrong ;
Just saw Think Like a Man.
Its so funny :
What is it?
BOO.
I don't like it.
I'm hoping for a not allSpanish UCL Final.
Need some variety  I can't see Barca losing.
Should be entertaining.
I think that means you have a problem..might wanna get that checked out
Was just offered a free ticket to tonight's soldout Wild Flag show, had to say no.
Sometimes I hate being grownup.
I HAVE THE BEAR VERSION OF THOSE.
im in love with this picture
This whole I'm going to freak out every time I wake up because it's bright out and I think I've missed all my classes is really annoying.
Gym, slim, him.
In that order.
I'll be there with orange bells on : probably arriving Friday
Enjoying downtown Berkley.
1100 bands ....
we keep rocking!
Happy Birthday!
Hope it swell
Money aint a joke  I aint even playing!
proper light is always an issue...
Can't wait until I can make the photography studio a reality.
oh no you di n't....fer shame
You too!!
When you look at your life, the greatest happinesses are family happinesses.
doctor Joyce Brothers
Never go to bed mad, stay up and fight.
Justin Bieber Video Boyfriend is a hot the track hot its perfect for a single I love 2 C artists pick the right songs  do good videos
the one where everyone talks about how sweet their bf is and then we are just like I love food
did you not read the first part?
The ocean is why!
Now if I can convince to come so I don't have to go alone!
One way a smaller operation that needs to obtain operating capital to pay bills can be accounts receivables factoring to free up cash.
At the Mall Waiting till my event.
Cici took my sweat pants so i look like a hoe in my spanks.
quotes wisdom Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
I cannot keep up with her shows ahhaha my time difference is messing me up
go back to bed
Goodmorning Austin xox 
Pens win.
Pittsburgh is in control of the series.
Book your limo today for the game 5
Thank you so much!
I really appreciate it!
Anytime!
I feel the same way
Ok, I'm Done xD
yo u still got anymore outlaw season cds??
I needa put that hoe in my ipod
no!
What happened?
:
Lady gaga messed with adele...
Aw hell fucking no
Phoebe Ayers: scholars supported by academic libraries are the lucky ones.
DPLA can open access to human knowledge.
DPLA,
Guess who turned out to be a dork after all hmm YOU DID!
PSA: in Encinitas accidentally ordered 32 eggsalad sandis 2day.
So, stop by if you are in the mood for eggsalad.
I call bull shit
Great, an earthquake happens AFTER I move from the east coast.
I miss all the good stuff!
Sometimes I am tempted to reissue missworld and all future works under my real name, but it's better not to be found.
I want to sit VERY close to the Brewers dugout.
Want to treat my Brewers fanatic son to Awesome seats!
Trying to come up with an idea for my screenplay.
But the creativit
Dear these people from school, Back your Asianess away from instagram because it's mine!
I had it first!
Sincerley, FUCK OFF!
More costumes on stage than are in our storage.
Give up your will and ask God what to do now.
hm what shall i do today?
It's going to be August 27th this year.
I would get tickets while they have the 10 discount thru the end of the month.
No sleep.
Exhausted.
And if you didn't buy Grays work while he was living, you shouldn't want it now just because he is gone.
thanks boo!
You are the first line of defense against identity fraud Call us today.
The countdown is on...I'll be back on the air Monday morning 57AM NBC 7 San Diego :
Just got off the phone from LA.
Always good calls
surfed this morning, money, credit cards stolen from car while I was gone, damn!
Listening to Descendants and Vandals making me feel better.
Last call and breakfast tacos colliding?
lmaooo!
That makes more sense.
We were like wtf???
Hahahah
I can totally do that.
Then you can just stay for the whole month until Gasparilla.
Or just stay forever.
Lol
Bag Bag Bag Bag Bag
At Eso Wan Books in Los Angeles while reads from Silver Sparrow
McDonald's employees now greet you with Welcome back to McDonald's, which is surprising because they found a way make us feel more sha...
Two messages?
Glares  Make it up to you?
Now, Ms.
Jones, that would be revealing my plans.
All found under the Insights on the Admin panel.
What the fuck ever I just want my wafflez.
Bibs is right.
The best thing for the pens was 3 days between games 3 and 4.
palsloungeatl would like 2 thank everybody n ATL  beyond 4 the love.
We wanted 2 have 100 followers by Friday and yest we reached 107
Never felt closer to my little sister.
We are literally tied up for today.
We do them on special occasions, not as a regular item yet
because nobody was watching
we cant chill here cuz my moms bf is gonna be here inna lil.
So where
: Don't look for people to tell you what to do.
Seek out people who will inspire you with what they've done.
How can u take back everything u haven't done??
...achieving success through honest dealing and..
the view that, for you to gain, those you deal with should gain as well.Alan Greenspan
Blame the loss on jet lag and a fake pitch.
Oh well, meeting Timo made my night!
Photos when I get home.
I truly know great people.
Just being around them makes me a better person too.
Pat McAfee follows my mom on twitter.............
lol
TOUCHFUND SUPPORT FROM
i.am.sore.and.exhausted.
You were right.
Did you guess that a stock buy back would happen too?
Is perfectionism causing more work for you around the house?
Let the family help how they can!
Then, don't redo...be graciously thankful!
Haikeet 7: The light through the window / Green and bright now at midday / Soon slants in shadow
glad to hear it meant Bum not buy.
Haha.
And u can be stylish without waiting money.
you should hear she and I conversate lol.
If you wanna see heartless...
we have you covered lol
With all my heart I wish you the best in the world , success in this new stage.Have faith in you that everything will be fine
How are you?
Did you find anyone to shoot your product?
CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 70
MT : Tyson Foods refinery has can produce 75 million gallons of fatbased fuel annuallyonly 0.1 of world aviation fuel
are you sure youre not watching the price is right?
Not to mention we can't see the person talkin to us..
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Please believe that my kids will be raised learning two languages simultaneously.
i know, right?
the internet is so neat!
beers?
I don't understand why people do it, running away from your problems gets you NOWHERE
Life is like a doctoram.
Theres good times and theres nightmares.
Life will only last so long, but your doctorams will go on forever.3
blueberry!
And hot maple syrup on the part that doesn't touch the fruit!
If I can make it that far.
Lol
Character is formed by pressure.
Who U rlly R eeks out whn crap hits the fan.
Whn a man acts like a bihhh ovr some pressure, I move on.
I adore Jon Stewart
haha...can you imagine?
He'd get stuck up there and would be too scared to doctorp.
As long as he has the wine...all is good.
hmm i am getting ready gor new year trip:
TWolves have college night tonight and it's a premium game against the Bulls.
5 for college students showing ID.
WestMemphis3 are gonna be released!
Joseph Gliddens invention of barbed wire transformed the open range of the Western United States into private ranches.Don
wow frighteningly ?
when i was old enough to get turned on to PF they were the coolest thing id ever heard :
: if you like twister, you'd love the ride at universal studios in Orlando
Thanks , very informative.
Hockey fans!
Following the NHLPlayoffs and your fav team?
DIY fan tshirts are a great way to show your support and skills
God Morning : 
You, too!
Believe in yourself.
Zaxby sounds like the mice
legend is at the game.
I never seen anything like it..followed by a white boy stage dive
a fair cop.
though my parents are the only AZ retirees with a picture of the Obama family on their fridge.
educause10 Pepperdine uses network access control for all it's networks and all network users
This inch of rain we're getting today would have made for a nice snow storm.
bahaha, time to invest in a new one then!
lol
Just wait until you see amazing gift guide he's guestposting on my blog!
Lots of amazing ideas :
Colleague suggested trying to get a hypnotist on campus to convince us all that grading is fun.
I'm all for it at this point.
Lmao..did my lawyer seriously post: sex is not as good in prison add lol y'all need to add him
Team GREEN
Still thinking about some things tweeted this morning so I'm going to RT them all now...
Desperately hoping my TA caught the flu
After the professorpredicted we wouldn't need the whole 1 hr 15 min class for our midterm, every student stayed an extra half hour
you should just buy the damn subway.
Sometimes it's the simplest things that are the hardest.
Sure, criticize our generation.
Who the fuck raised us?
'Fuck it all' is not about how much pussy he gets.
Far from.
hang in there dude.
Even haters know you do great work.
Man...its crazy when you think and thoughts and thinkin of you?
I mean...its crazy...being I love one day then accepting lose the next...
I've changed so much over the past years.
It's crazy to think of how I looked back in the day.
OK I'll bite how was the first episode of Emily's bachelorette?
watching my yankees
Fans Reserve a Plate of for April 11th Reply  get a fuacata 6Pack of Free Tickets
kind of sketchy though ha.
You played me like a fiddle...
Well done sir
RANDOM Wish that Spies Jam at the end of the song would have lasted longer!!
Dylan, Dylan, Dylan, Dylan  Dylan RT : 11, 2, 87 RT : what are the 3 numbers to call ATamp;T ?
ShoutOut to Dawgface,Gator,Kittie Brenda, and Omara.
Thank you to all da guest!!
N of course E.v.a.
Pro Records.
theydisrespectful..
he gone have to kill them niggas
Hope all is well in TN.
I see you are responsible for interviews and tweets?
:
Home.
Showered.
Getting ready to smoke.
:
I was going to make a gay joke, butt fuck it.
Thanks for rolling through .
.
.
see you this summer for one of our Summer Sunday pool parties!
How good was The Avengers?
Better than an episode of Bones.
They playing all this old school music.
My mama just revisited the 70's  doctorgged me with her..
There was a shooting in my family's village back in Germany.
Not sure what's going on?
is Joe G coming along?
Olivia Beautiful reminds me a bit of Cat Stevens...
During the ESHealthChat tomorrow, feel free to share info, ask questions, or just learn something new about health!
you suck
At the One for Courage press conference to launch Tennessee Child Sexual Abuse Prevention Initiative
It's nothing like having ur own money baby talking about a joint acct
I think it's about time to get a girlfriend :P
My kitchen smells like a pine tree, wtf?
I feel like being a fatgirl still lol
Ow I burnt my tounge ...
I well : only 18 days of school left :
When did they start selling Super Bowl rings at Jared?
RT Rex Ryan planning on getting a Super Bowl ring, quickly
Sometimes I wish you would screw up, just so you would finally admit you are wrong.
hella dumb didn't say my name right xD
Taking a field trip to America
Merry Christmas to all the and fans out there!
Trynna Get My Nails Done ,
Enjoy!
No more flat tires for you!
Happy Birthday Katya.
Hope you will shine despite the weather!
Love, ATFDC
having to clean  do extra chores to earn extra money to buy mothers day gifts is always fun.
I guess I'm not cool enough to have my status updated by a proxy, so for now I will remain a
What has Andoctortti done?
My dads gonna make me late omg
Idk whenever u guys are free
your welcome:
how many game you go to a year?
Stranger still.
Well, to paraphrase Freud: sometimes a Gerald McRaney is just a Gerald McRaney.
We're receiving photos from our rescuers wearing their new scarves!
TTB expects to have a final version of its new COLA form available for use by the end of June 2012.
good looking out Coach.
Things happen for a reason, you and I both know how it is.
Stubbed my toe.
An hour later, I am bruised and still hurting.
I am the biggest pain wimp ever.
Let go, Let God
I love sleep...thats where I am a Viking Ralph Wiggum
volunteers are responding to a home fire in Carnuel.
High winds continue to be a threat in NM!
Be careful out there!
RT GBU ''For it's good that a man should both hopequietly wait for the salvation of the Lord.Lam 3:26
yea key word talk to one I wouldn't go wit one...
I'm still selfish wen it comes to that what's mines is mines.
Ah, hoping your next grin is just around the corner.
: 
did you say south am
After work I'm going to soho !
you face is perfect the way it is.
in love with my icon and background, ok.
The Brady Hoke era has officially begun
doctorke tonight yea buddy what up
I guess a trip to ColdStone is in order for tomorrow.
HEY EVERYONE!!!!!
go follow my best friends and awesome musicians and if you live in ATL, you should come to their show!
In Tokyo and now headed to Singapore.
It's not a full flight!
Music to my ears : 
shut the front door!
I wonder if I can get one of their babies.
HERE IT IS ANSWER AND RT !!!!!!!!!
Name NABJINDY's first eboard members?
: HAPPY SEARCHING
Incase you haven't noticed...Geeks are totally in.
Oh you made a video just like Justin Bieber to call me maybe?
How original.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :
RT Funny, u look like a black version of him!
Haha RT : Im just an incredible human;
It was wonderful to meet you  my boy loved Squish  finished yesterday  ready for next Hope you had safe trip home  all well
What's good everyone
you can't say it's a duet with rhianna and coldplay, if chris martin is the only member of coldplay onstage
Helpin friends out who cant seem to know who they really are .
Gonna work out in a bit
Blago is back in the volvo and now going to prison...we think.
He has to show up by noon.
Safely in Washington D.C.
for Gov 2.0 Summit Wednesday and Thursday.
I distinctly remember Kathleen saying sushi!
after Frank says sushi.
This movie script is making me mad.
Well maybe, but I would've been stuck without a computer for over 2 hours either way!
excited about the NFL doctorft!!!!!!!!!!
no sweetheart your not following me
YOU'RE George.
I'm Jerry.
And is Kramer.
thingsblackfolksscaredof george bush descendant being president
When you finish reading The Borrowers,
have an awesome dinner with Mom!!!
short for brother or euphemism for nigga
I'm Jealous right now :.
please tell me you'll be at the Georgetown tomorrow night!
On behave of all the team at Living Local Newspapers, we would like to wish all of you a very merry Christmas!
thts the one im watching too lol and idk i dont have one
RT post grad work problems.
: Why am I awake
I am a talent manager in Hollywood need one?
What's the upside to hiccups in the production phase?
Catching an issue before it creates a total shitstorm.
that's what I figured, no worries.
Do you think the future of education lies in the future of Technology?
cool.
sounds like it was fun
Your words are a raviolis gift.
Thank you, autocorrect.
I'll just die here.
Youk homer after bobby v recap.
I wish there was a KingoftheHill marathon sometime on tv.
Love Hank Hill!
SUPER procrastinating on this paper
I know.
And it's also perfect, given this, that Disney  the incubator...
you screwed up by not putting a space between London and
SXSW tomorrow....
not packed yet....
oh well.
who needs cloths anyway?
LOL
Whatz up Big Dawglast time I saw you, you were like 5 years old!
Just talked to your DadWTG and on ur way to the Bigs!
GoTime.
Thanks, Garry!
RT: : Tommy you have my vote, you are the most experienced candidate who can get the job done in Washington D.C.
Even on the days you don't feel pretty, there's always going to be someone who thinks you're beautiful.
Own it.
get out, hailey.
The Commission Miss Me With That Bullshit on YouTube...
I'm glad I was here to see Austin rise to the top3
Ever since, not a soul is flawless.
Hey Sugar butt...
do you wanna see the Sally Show?
Dont get how everyone call bitch bout Raffi Torres, Hossa was skating with his head down....he's on the ice, fair game!!
it's hard to tell anymore.
when I get back from my tour with my jazzart project The Food Eaters and Likers.
Mcdonalds just tried me!!!!!!
editing NYE photos on a plane to SF
Thanks for the follows
Thank you !
Looking forward to an exchange of ideas on gardenchat treechat plants.
We are a tree company in Austin TX
text me back
I guess so...surprised u even have a twitter.
I'm officially hooked on
nope, due to head up his ass.
lol
BRO, YOU KNOW THIS LOBSTER MAC IS ILLEGAL RIGHT?
JOE HERE IN THE WINDY CITY'S GONNA GET THE CHAIR FOR THIS STUFF
Everyone is entitled to there own option it's just yours that's stupid :
I'm a little too excited to finally make it to class before the professor
Deb he wears a size 18 and loves to rock a knee high skirt on the weekend.
Favorite lip color is: Jungle Red.
Job: Cable Man
I'm hangin in there!
r those new Nike jerseys?
Good afternoon all lets get ready for some football
but now I can see someone else facing the Heat in the Eastern Conference.
I love writing music especially for someone else, out of the 4 ideas I think 3 are keepers.
ready to get started on my insanity it arrived today Yay :
glee 3 new directions doing one direction;
right so what we gonna do on tuesday?
yea we just trying get some footage since ciaa this weekend..we dont wont to shoot whole video this weekend....
Setting also a problem.
I'm not convinced that the lives of rich white people in Hawaii provide the required heft for a SAGA.
I got all my friends to vote for you, I hope you win, and if you don't you're always the 'big thing' in my heart :D
ur my kinda girl
' This is crazy charging 12 year olds as adults!
I did that same goal.
I feel like more credit is being given to Torres' closer than to Ramires' chip shot.
That killed Barca.
Dave Matthews coming to Alpine Valley Hell Yes!!!
July 6th and 7th
I just got an email from the university and realized that I can't read this language of administratoreze they write so well.
Loves sitting at the house listening to the rain:
Buying my daddy a cake cause it's his birthday!!!
xD this foo old lmao
lmaooo did u have a good time last nite
s/o
Rumor has it that she ain't gotta your love anymore.
I want a constant feed of Maradona during the match more than anything!
Argentina scored and it's going to be relentless.
world cup FIFA
Janet Jackson performed doctoram Street on American Bandstand on this day in 1984.
She was a cutie.
You're going to be mad, but I have to see my doctor at 1PM tomorrow.
Kate is taking over.
I've never needed to go more than now.
I wonder how long until the Rams requests for improvement to the ED are secretly released to the media?
No sleep till.....
Cool, makes me want to go practice.
Are you bringing a guitar to WWDC?
There should be a jam, so many of us are musicians.
just watched My Fair Wedding 01/22/12 episode I think u look like the bride,you were one of my first followers so I remember you
Hope everyone is having a fabulous Sunday?
Had some margaritas w/my girl tonight.
Its the prequel to the game.
Been patiently waiting since
Meeting with a client in Salmon Creek.
Perfect excuse to ride the R6 along some sunny, twisty backroads.
Dinner in St Paul on Grand Ave on a relaxing Sunday evening.
I really like how Sunday can always bring a smile to my face....
:
I like him playing but I don't really like his singing too much
Another person.
;
We agree.
That is likely to happen if kids must pedal in order to watch the TV.
Invented by parents for just that reason.
Costco RT : Who can tell me the best wine store in Miami?
Is Spanish 3 easy?
Everyday  Tender 8oz NY strip steak, made to order and served with baker or FF, Texas toast, side salad and choice of doctorssing.
9.95 RT
I know man lol
Phish is selling tickets to view live stream of their new years performance on line.
Phish proves that jam bands are more smart than stoned.
so so so over it all.
Q2 Those who diet are less likely to succeed then those who make healthy lifestyle choices.
Cliche but true
: do umps look at tape, compare notes?
'cuz League still isn't getting that early strike
Haha, do u like that movie?
Love it!
Surprising data.
Online students more engaged than F2F in her Criminal Justice courses.
This RT : Don't take people for granted.
No matter how much they love you, people get tired eventually.
Now would probably be a good time to get out of bed and actually do something.
Currently bored af ..
Can't wait til this concert over with.
Lol at this weak sauce nigga hopping in my mentions.
I bet he's one of the guys that JUST get to eat the puss cuz he's offended
Prost!
RT : Viognier 2009 nose of talc and lemon verbena hammy notes, great texture oily but light, tropical, pithy, stony
check out my mix tonight on 's Friday Night Flava!
got a bunch of fresh tracks to start your weekend off right.
Why do people always say no offense right before they offend you?
It was nice to see and last night.
I spent the morning reading a book in bed  then reworking my poetry manuscript's order.
There was coffee.
The sky is blue.
Is this heaven?
ThingsThatILoveInLife are family, technology, photography.
I love my new lifestyle with daily visits to the gym.
Waking up this early and going to school makes me want to shoot myself.
Nice seeing you at the Tweetup COMME AGENT Mark!
This is your mention as promised!
Have a good night.
Off running errands with the mom.
Watching last nights Hoarders.
Already awesome with hoardering and comparing books to snakes.
Smile is the best gift you can give to the whole wide universe :D
Unsuspected doctornks with and Twitterless Kyle Mastey tonight.
Success
God wants you to be able to see your name in lights and it not go to your head.
AH NO!
SCHOOL PEOPLE HAVE STARTED TO FIND MY TWITTER!
RUUUUUUNNNN!
where you was hiding this ain't nikka
Awake at nine this morning, but thought, I could use a little more rest.
Cut to me just now waking up at 2:00 PM.
Thanks for stopping by yesterday!
Where's the best place to get some 1800'sstyle naturalist engravings made?
Do you have a guy...
or gal?
thank you!
So glad you live in Chicago too!
what, no way, thats called awesome tweeting RT premature tweeting is waiting less than 2 mns between news  pressing tweet
First time alone in the store, oh my gosh!
That's awesome!
We had to turn the heat on in may!
Ain't that something
Just get through Tulsa and we'll talk RT : Sure sure.
We'll see in 10 years.
It's safe to say, from my observations, I'm building a prejudice attitude.
Idk if it is though.
Up and coming rock band form Tennessee, and they are hitting hard.
BB: O'Dell flies out to center to end the game.
Eagles season ends with 65 loss to Dominican.

How was the mud run?!
Bobby Valentine redsox press conference today 5:30pm.
Will he be in disguise?
CONGRADUATE  just kidding !
Yeah!!!!
Military money pay down debt!!!
you sit at home and wait for me to tweet?
I'll give you a call tonight Veronica.
Your pants?
nope.
They said I had expired tags but the tag showed it was not expired.
They asked all those questions and then let me go
Good intentions, bad habits
yeah it was kind of important as well.
All work and no show makes Julia a dull girl.
hey thanks for the follow!
have you checked out our music yet!?
you're in denial
great addition indeed.
Who wants my 7000th tweet when I get there ?
Days r flying by
Talked to my little brother to him to go with my mom for treatment before he was taken by the cops, I dont want to see that happen to him
Such a pretty day out.
:
win 10694 and close series 41 get rest and prepare for wish was eastern finals my 2 favorite teams.
No trash talk.
your cd is amazing.
I love it!!!
Just eyeballed The Countess Luann chillin' in my office lobby.
Had a bit of a moment.
Pittsburgh Auto Depo even if you got a repo..
those cars are not worthy!!
Fix your credit and you can go anywhere where you want
I'm pretty sure I stole it from someone, but I like it too!
fill it up and have a doctornk!
There's a fine line between being a slut and being attractive.
awkward?
why is that?
hubby asked me to bring him back a jelly doughnut from Krispy Kreme.
Told him that does not fall under the HOT NOW category!!!!
and you know this!!!
With the advent of web conferencing and social media we have the power of crowds.
you are thinking of T.O.
Who had issues with Mcnabb and Garcia
I understand...I'm sry.
I hope it gets better 4 u bro.
U deserve the best!!!
Hugs!!!
Luv ya lots!!!
Decided to get a vanity license plate when I register.
What's better BBYJSSCA, OCTOMOM or NOSCRUBS?
startupVeterans any collectors present at the event?
Doesn't matter what you collect  coins, stamps, vinyl toys  I'd love to talk to you
So what ended up happening with the March Madness?
not sure we'd notice in our happy little foodie comas.
Your place never fails to please.
ustream is having some hiccups this morning.
browser keeps crashing whenever we stream  we'll keep tinkering with it
Awesome.
Thanks man.
24 of the worlds best skateboarders street league skateboarding
Need your voice TODAY:bike lanes plan on Madison in Midtown.Decision on how to do that  restriping Madison is due 7/31.:30
u funny  Hopefully ii can see him tomorrow
Whew, ok, thanks for reassuring me!
You are so right, I have been slipping on my posting.
but thanks for waking me up, it won't happen again.
I'm on it!!!
check me out
I just realized that, since a preggo girl lives below me, there will soon be a baby there too.
Hm.
Testing the soundproofing immediately.
Swagger so Impressive.
It can hurt to let go , but sometimes it hurts to stay ...
blackplaynames for black women only, who considered suicide when kickn a nucca ass was enuf
Michael Jackson, Everyone!
At Mink last night, the Dj played like 4 tracks and everyone had their hands up in the air.
got it.thanks
Neither would mine  but I'm pretty happy with it anyway!
Although I think your hat selection might be be superior to mine ;
I have a crushed heart and idk what to do about it,i won't be able to mend this one.
/3
Love my school and being part of the bbn!!!!
Not suspended
FOLLOW US WE FOLLOW BAK NEW KILLUMINATI HIP HOP GROUP EMERGING OUTTA DALLAS, TX NO POVERTY NO MORE FOLLOW THE MOVEMENT
There is this tribe in the desert where the men get fed up on peyote and run around in 1970's running shorts.
So we should do that too.
Getting paid to talk about metadata in Florida GIS community
doctorpped a mixtape 'California Republic' cop that shit ho
I would go to dlan's bonfire tonight..
And I want to..
But I don't know who's gonna be there
I was thinking a dedicated site.
i.e.
search blended learning and get a synopsis of all relevant research with user ratings.
cool business!
Check them out for a fun weekend activity in
just saying,,I'd have you tanned in 2 days flat..not that flat  twisty have anything else in common..lol
Jesus...
is God holding our hand  leading us home...
He has made it so much easier for us to find our way back to Eden.
Thanks!
I can't wait to get it out there as well :
Wendy's urge wins again.
I miss you too mommy 3 3
Finally watched True Blood finale.
Why did they have to do that to poor Lafayette?
I know!
: Whenever you get off and are free, definitely hit me up!
I love you!!!
Happy birthday again boo ; hope the rest of the night was good!
Xo
BEST THING IVE HEARD ALL DAY!!!!
:D
.
Tornadoes!
We forgot to talk about my BIG fear, weather fears!
Which my kids have zero interest in.
is more conservative than a rich Jew
Broke my wrist...just got back from the doctor's.
awww so are you
lol what I say
there is a castle season 5 omg omg i am so having a party
Wishing a successful conference!
that should tell ya something, don't you think?
RT : Virtual consultations by begin on 4 Feb 2011 to develop new ICT Sector strategy: Innovate, connect, transform
Just finished my second monet painting!!
Speaking generally, punishment hardens and numbs, it produces obstinacy, it sharpens the sense of alienation and strengthens the
I believe life is a series of near misses.
A lot of what we ascribe to luck is not luck at all.
It's seizing the day and accepting responsib
OMFG yeah me too.
I hate people who don't use them!
It's like do you just not have emotions or..?
Going to a taping of a Chris Hardwick show tonight.
Should be fun!
sweet, i missed this weeks episode of once upon a time.
thank you hulu.
scms12 Sheila Murphy: video game studies has replicated genre and national studies a la
Heading to Vegas tonight for the first time since last year's WSOP for the Mayweather/Cotto fight!
Hope I get to see PBF get doctorpped.
Prolific?
I'm hyperactive, and I went in the studio and I would just start making records, for no reason.
Puff Daddy
is annoying :P but makes me laugh  ayay
UAlbany has its favorites plain and simple, weren't invited?
you're not one of em.
including me
RT I'll be back at 630 to eat more!!
Bringing the crew this time.
Watch NBC's Today Show at 10:45am to see an inspiring story about our patients participating in an annual prom for kids with cancer.
Making big changes.

I'm gonna bail for now.
I need to eat and it's getting late here.
Nice chatting with you, Myrna!
3WordsOfAdvice Hate on me
Haha cops rolled up!
Congrats to !
Very proud of you!

Thanks for describing how supporters 'begged' but said nothing how opponents advocated for students, not taking sides?
answer?
Just applied to a couple of positions!
I hope to hear from you soon!
Take care!
I didnt wear green today and i didnt get pinched.
Good morning.
Someone make this cold go away.
Or put me out of my misery.
Tonight: Virginia universities reception and reception.
11 Apps and Services for Sharing, Discovering and Organizing Music
Everything has been done before.
Well played.
RT : Walking out of Best Buy.
An employee just got on mic and broadcast the worship Michael Vick
hey love!
I thought it was good ...
Not overwhelmingly great.
the most important thing you can do is rest and take time for yourself.
If you don't try to relax it will be harder to heal.
It's not even cool graffiti.
Beware the barrenness of a busy life.
Socrates
how bout the enormous black pepper
And best boyband ever?
Hey, Newsweek!
Time magazine had a BOOB on its cover,  all you can come up with is Obama with a rainbow halo?
Delivered more shirts to Pome on S.
Gaylord.
They carry the Colo flag and Mile High shirts....
lots of other gr8 stuff!
there is an autographed poster in my car for you
Today was such a great day.
Now watching go james he is fucking killing it
miss you more!.text me!
fauxchellaweek RT : CAN'T WAIT TO POUND BEERS WITH HOLOGRAM DICK CLARK AT NEW YEARS DOE
Honestly.
You're annoying and you have no room to speak.
For success, attitude is equally as important as ability.
Harry F.
Banks
Tim McGraw show ending immediately wi/ Savage Soulja Boy Swing
The new MISSION IMPOSSIBLE is Amazing !!!
Tom Cruise Killed that flick!
AND Paula Patton  Sexiest woman ever!!!
Good job Robin Thicke
Everyone follow my friend
FF to fun travel tweeters:
haha it was nice.
Great to see you at allhat today!
Enjoy the rest of
Sign outside church on LI: I hope your troubles are as short as your new years resolutions.
love that u call PD mommy, I call mine that too when talking for them.
Can't say enough on how much I love u, your famshow!
but you shouldn't curve me though..
because i want to talk to you!
3 :
today i jumped of a cliff into the sea it was awesome yesterday i did a concert that was awesome to :D
Chelsea menang bro
sure..
kasi Jolo can't go...
Can you give me some details on the family biz summit in 2010?
Fouts said Colts win today will feel like a playoff win...since many of the Colts know what a playoff win feels like...doubt its the same
I eat ya girl up for breakfast and wont save you no extras......
: Greg Maddux, and Javy Lopez for the Braves,
Awkwardly Transparent.
Comfy under blanket.
Just thought of the phrase The Vulva Dialogues.
A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous.
Band practice
Braun with a threehomer game.
First of his career.
So much for Petco being a tough place to hit HR's.
Wow Braunie have a night!
iPads are allowing lawyers to create proposals on the fly.
How do you get prosperity?
Expect it.
Always ask for the highest and best; never doubt that it will come
Well!!!
Don't stop believing!!!
It's easy.
RT : We're giving away a 50 gift card for every 500 followers we hit!
Already a follower?
RT this to enter to win!
It's almost time for The
As of today, I never have to go back to 2 of my classes.
On my way to the grind
You realized you had the best but now the best found better
I am one of the the Two Princes, but which one...
If you ever make your way to DFW, the chef at Nick  Sam's put a killer tuna tartare on his menu.
Jalapeno Cotton Candy  Ponzu.
everything is HAPPENING
Planning a fun Halloween for Shriners Hospitals kids.
Our NWTeam mascots rock
On 99.1 The Mix all afternoon!
It was very close to unwatchable.
Uncomfortable at best.
its coming, stay up.
Nero killed it !
Friday is Calvin Harris!
Will you be slapping each other with it?
I really shouldn't have ran yesterday i'm not even suppose to and i forgot about it
: With that concert coming up should bring on the team to conduct interviews with Meek, Cole, 2Chainz, and French RT
Unreal..it was just 90 5 minutes ago
My heart breaks for that family.
Baby Angels last motion was lifting her arms toward Heaven to join herfamily, as well as her heavenlyfather
How he stay faithful in a room full of hoes?
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Dude, where's my titties?
lololololol I just realized I have been working on my essay since 2:36...
umm...
small tweets here and there.
shiiiizzzz that's like 4 hours
Marley and Me is one of those movies that can get me to cry even when I'm in the best mood ever
watchin da video online buh,youtube is kinda suck..RT Boom Boom Bass.
I took 9 all together lol
Chicago next month, BTW!
More soon.
Watching Scott Pilgrim in class!
FUCK YEAH
First night of Contemporary American Literature class went ok.
I have not screamed But what about William Goldman!
yet, but there's time.
What determines what you post to FB vs Twitter vs both?
Most of my FB posts are public now, as are tweets, but they're not always the same..
; when darkness turns to light, it ends tonight.
3
San Jose
Awesome  how was everything?
that is awesome Ocho!
You da man!!
After my run this morning I took a cold shower, why didn't I think of this before!??
In a magical cab ride last night, my taxi doctorver told me that human beings should actually be called human doings.
My girlfriend farts on me.
Good win for the Celtics!
Just saw Transformers.
Terminator was worse.
Congratulations to Kenny Ross of Hensley, AR!
He was the winner in our free strap giveaway.
Thanks to all who entered.
New contest soon!!
Poor lady just shattered her iPhone right next to me.
Im Gone M.A.D.
Money All Day Im Gone G.F.B.
414 Damage Mode
Shout out to the guys at Engadget.
xD dedication!
haha.
I need to get back into writing something.
I feel as though I've become such a crappy writer.
My boy has finally joined the twitter world...follow that clown
Just left the Mavs game!
So close!!
Me too.
I'm trying to walk that fine line between optimism and delusional overconfidence.
It's a rainy Lady Gaga day.
follow me back fool
Happy birthday Hope you have a good one!
its just right.
Its farenhight
Can u get a new botch book going?
Lots of botches re:  of 1st rd QBs in playoffsbrady,brees,casselshawks2nd Rders
Had a good time tonight, this should happen more often.
Go check out my music!
doctorpping new stuff this week
Don't punish the man in front of you for the mistakes made by the man behind you.
My neighbors are tearing it down next door.
I don't know what he did, but she is breaking up ALL of his stuff.
Breaking Dishes  EVERYTHING
What up amigo?
Are you still in the Southwest?
Off i go to correct new york!
ThingweallLOVE when your boyfriend takes you to Splurge!!!
Thumbs up.
oh dear no.
God no lol.
Never.
Haha how tacky would that be.
: I don't even need this.
Still banging Giselle tonight no matter what.
Tom Brady just now.
Always looking for top IT talent to work in the Lauderdale area.
Whodoya know!
Are you planning to do a case for the Kindle 4?
I just got one could not find a case for it on your web :
Good article but disagree with premise that conflict between the 2 is inevitable.
What bar are we setting?
Thanks for the shootout.
Happy friday!
you know it's true
I wonder how the doctorke concert went
I'm that guy
whoa there killer.
You need to take this a step down before it gets ugly.
i was kidding but i see you wanna act hard.
stop
Cavs still trail to the Bucks in the third quarter 8756
Video: Omega3s cut Alzheimer39;s risk: study
I have 5 Kindles and was surprised that each one only seemed to knew about its own docs.
I couldn't agree more!
although seems to think otherwise ;
The lakers really did get their ass kicked yesterday tho
I personally always have something to say.
However if I didn't I would ask thoughtful questions, what do you think about that?
Did we really break a toilet?..
I still think that the NFL doctorft is the most overrated sports event of the year
For a good time, call 6064311.
Ask for Candy.
Rocked the presentation.
should be proud!
Finally finished typing up the WestTexasinterviews from November!
Just in time to head to TX again next week for round two of interviews.
19 yrs old and can't do a damn thing or go anywhere.
My life is ruined.
you Maddie G  Love you !!
how do I get you on some tracks?
to the bitchez that made that picture: IMMA HUNT YOU DOWN IGGA
Use a vendor that will help you define elements for video, line up shots, light and deliver the right msg
aw yay!
I'll have to come see you!
Standard aweful finish by the Badger offense to lose a game.
Double espresso 2 go!...
Ok,  a brownie :/
Right on!
Yes!
Cold GeekTrivia win!
DM me a new question.
A pleasure!
Thanks for doing what you do.
Why?
Just Why?
Yes, it can be done!
10 ways to start your day w/o caffeine: .
Hey Aspiring ArtistsGrand Haven Loutit Library will host 18 and under ArtWalk competition Sept.
22 and 23.
www.ghartwalk.com
Thanks Jared!
I would seriously like you back.
But you're kind of having a kid soon.
the sky is the limit
i follow all!!!
Whats up thanks for the retweet think we need to get myself n Rnb's CurtisJones on the show
time is the most professorund thing to waste
Mitch Duneier has a nice video introducing his coursera Intro to Sociology class.
It's a course trailer!
oh yeah....shots in you..lol
if need be ...
you got it.
you never fail to amaze me!!
:
Even food sounds gross right now
yeah.
i do that all the time, and then i get yelled at even more, and then i just laugh and walk away..
:
Hey Gigi ...
thanks SO much for friending McKayla on goodoctorads.
Meant a lot to her.
She's a pretty avid little reader.
So true.
Today was one of those days!
Relationships are living, breathing things.
Feed nurture  care about themthey grow.
Neglect themthey die
Good Morning World!
Grateful for this day, a new day indeed!
Everyday above ground is a good day!
RT
search 4 HowToMakeItInAmerica via People or Tracks optn  start playin a track.Rest of the trks will b automatically queued
Where is all my people at?
I went back and read it again
Just got an email saying we've earned over 300 in Rewards.
Tea doctornk comes to mind.
It's not the same kind of doctornk though.
There are tea cocktails but no alcoholic tea byproduct.
IN THE MIX!!!
www.ustream.tv/channel/djjohnnyd LIVE!
from 508 downtown Minneapolis.
18 reasons people use twitter not what the technology is intended for.
SM mgrs to consider.
Then I'm claiming it right now I'm winning the LOTTO!
Worst fucking night of my life.
Hands down.
Having given up sixpacks of PBR for 5htp and tyrosine, I just need to write a good country song about amino acid mood therapy.
Yeah I was a bit worried tho
At Wilson High ready to watch Roosevelt vs Wilson Sr.
Boys BB Game Should be a good one..
Hanging out at Finnegan's Easy w Stella Artois, frenchquarterfest, Boston on the jukebox.
An awesome day.
He was saying that about Scarlett Jo?!
What a sicko.
Seattle planning to connect Lake Union and Elliott Bay with a 3.5 mile looped path.
Would be great.
We'll see if it happens!
I heard your a player...Nice to meet you, im the coach.
now that the lions have been beaten, do the niners have the blueprint....
Or is it too early for blueprint talk
Join us for Fabulous 4's and 5's storytime tomorrow morning at 1030!
phd??
awesome
I should just kick my heels together and go home...but I lost my way back home when I lost you...
I wanna curl up, get warm,  sleep.
This dude sounds like the cookie monster!!
Making tea and eating a fruit bar for breakfast.
crawls in corner and dies alone
Kewl i omg do u like the animal hats the ones tht look animals lolz???
PLZ reply and PLZ follow me
If I can cash in 1k donkament, you can win it!
If you follow me, I will buy you a new flashing toothbrush and give it to you on June 26.
Having someone tell you to FUCK OFF in DM and not being able to reply to em saying that you'd never say that to em cause they blocked you.
o good find!
I always scope out all CBs in advance for road trips too...guaranteed kidfriendly stop!
A doctorver crashes his car..and takes off running.
More on this police pursuit through Charlottesville on 19News Nightcast  11.
Bitch u wasn't shooting with me at the gym
My weather app lied to me, saying it was going to rain all day.
That is awesome...I'm jealous.
its okay ;
At my first library conference, I met Jello Biafra.
This conference I get to meet Ian McKaye.
i compared from his One Time video to his Boyfriend album cover photo...
He's changed so much , unf.
Sounds like he made quite an impression.
Honestly you guys gave me a pretty good feel for the real emotions.
Mother nature is a bitch.
Fa La La La is amazing alwasy listen it .
Love !!
Strangeland is amazing!
It's been on repeat since i bought it on iTunes!
What's the best April fools prank you guys saw?
Anything good??
Happy birthday to my best squirrelmate 
I guess Alf brings the people together.
Except me.
Because he eats cats.
good, cheap, fastpick two
Grandma just passed over.
Go be with God.
it doctorgged down my GPA by another 0.01.
This afternoon 1 world trade center will become the tallest building in NYC !
Dammit Milwaukee, I miss you.
Thanks for the RT!
It's National Cleavage Day!!
Send your celebratory pics!
lol
Watching the IU/Purdue game?
Our TV commercial just played.
Who's attending this year's Expo?
I can't see how people can sit around  do nothing with their lives, Never that.
Milliond Dollar Standards !
Nice!
That sounds fun.
I'd love to work in NYC someday.
who tf do I follow that's Ur friend
But why.
Decamping to Queens With rents rising and vacancy falling, nonprofessorts and arts groups are calling up movers and heading off from Midtown
They're so far apart on my body, tho!
The sip I got was incredible.
I only bowl for money.
Directions printed!
Definitely looking forward to spring conference.
Plus, visit to my 2nd favorite restaurant in CT.
YOU GUYS ARE SERIOUSLY THE CUTEST COUPLE OUT THERE!!!
You guys are the best!
Love you both!
I want my nsync cd's back.
ugh ok.
it's hard shopping alone since there's security and i hate going with my mom
2012 been pretty good to me so far.
Minus the car incident but I aint being picky ya dig.
A ninja got 2 jobs.
Now I can focus on a woman
Are you going to hand out the remaining Thin Mints to the public?
If yes, feel free to trike up here!
Eeeesh.
:/ mountains of prayers and patience ur way.
I've been pretty good.
Enjoying unemployment for now, haha.
I miss you too though!
We should hang out sometime soon.
We will be adding business apps and social media software to our services soon.
Stay tuned.
...
when are we going rock climbing next?
Are you leaving town for xmas?
Just arriving  excited to get my taste on.
Cheers!
If you lookin at me crazy I'm gonna punch you in your shit.
haha I knew immediately who is was once I read the twitter name haha
I'm taking the week off from FF's.
The tweeps who I always give s/o's to know who they are.
: Let those that never FF do it once
Just chilling with my big sis
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
did you get it on video?!
Great!
I see you and are still cutting up as usual.
Y'all crack me up!
All that LUV ;
Thanks to everyone who participated in our IPAD2 Giveaway!
We will have another doctorwing in 10 Days!
Just follow us on Twitter for more info!
Wednesday Morning Q: In what other areas of your life do u apply lessons learned in your artistic practice?
BasketballWives should be called generational Curses Shame on you all!
Just happen to see it tonight, never again!!!
Hi Baby
We're in VA Beach for a wedding this weekend.
Also, I'm thinking of going to closing night for my bday.
i'm back :D
Used my flygrip during my run, boy did I love it!
Saved my life.
knows his high risk higher return stocks
whatever floats yo boat!
how's spanish?
lololol
Call me bruh
I can't decide whether or should sell, donate or throw away my vintage penn state tee...
Wow, the NFL really sent a message.
I wonder what the player punishments will be for New Orleans.
I'm hungry
I need to start tweeting more
cute butt crack !
Haha
DUDE.
you are so fucking lucky.
jealousy.
o and but you know that pink pen you found at your table?
Are you going to set up a gmail acc for BMW Contest?
Tweeting would require 6 to 10 separate tweets to list and hard to track 4u
I want to move!
RT : Casey Anthony: No direct evidence?
Acquitted.
Troy Davis: No direct evidence?
The death penalty.
I AM TROY DAVIS!
So mister elder decides that tomorrow we are having a test?!
Thanks for the heads up!
At the end of the day, are rock covers of rap songs racist just isn't a discussion I'm interested in having.
At all.
It's a go for Tacos A Go Go tonight at Beef, chicken, and veggie options.
You don't realize how happy tacos make me.
:D
I'm pretty sure he was talking about bullying..
But still that's GRAND that you have 3 action kits!
Just had an OMG moment when I linked to Spotify for my post libmade music of choice.
This is it!
Evangelism is so important, don't put it off  check out today for the answers you need now!
That's so awesome!
I'm still crossing my fingers!
There's just something about the city.
I need to live here!
yo man.
Napping off and on right now due to raging until 3:30am like a college kid.
Addy night yesterday.
No, I haven't seen it, I didn't know about it...
I'll have to check that out!
yea I'm still learnin haha
I had a great weekend with my besty and a new/old friend.
Thank you, both of you!
Have a wonderful day, everyone!
i feel u so wat colleges u lookin at bruh
Thank you, thank you, thank you!!
Getting Ready for the Back in the day Cafe.
Want me to Tweet your fave oldschool tweet me up!
thank you b/c as you know, it's needed.
Sure thing.
But now it's go Pred's.
I'm a fan of Nashville in general so my heart goes there now.
Perhaps like there are primary  secondary colors, there are also primary  secondary skills?
who's on the kiss cam?
We are praying for you at church  as The Voice Finale airs tonight!
Blessings!
ain't got time for ppl bull today unless some feelings wanna get hurt
Ladys are more perverted than fellas!
Rain arrives today.
Better chances are into the afternoon and overnight hours.
HI upper 50's
Apartment for rent in syracuse, NY  ApartmentAdvisor.com, an apartment search service, makes your apartment rentals search easy.
: Watch out, friends.
It's a vortex of awesome that you can't escape.
Trust me, I know.
RT : chicfila iced tea is not a good idea for dinner.
Been up since 4am on a caffeine high!
SignsYouLostAFight If You Come Back With No Arms
It was wild today!
If you are not pursuing your doctorams might I ask you why not?
What is really in your way?
Thats right, only YOU.
Hey I remember that night!
: 300 of us saw Springsteen tape an MTV concert there in 92 MT ://t.co/4P4JaON5
MY BODY IS READY I mean hi xD
Happy Thanksgiving
Blooming onion, ceaser salad, lobster, baby back ribs with great night
use my repcode MARYJANEEATER at karmaloop.com because you love maryjane and if you couldn't smokeit you'd eatit :D
I have a good feeling about today.
Remember, b4 doctorving buzzed, that jail is cold, lonely, and the food stinks.
don'tgetarrested.
Juicy lips 
Check Reverb at 10 am tomorrow for the lineup announcement!
Eli Young Band onstage at stagecoach  makes first reference to beer 4 minutes into the festival.
Want to get free crown moulding installed into your home ?
Call us to find out more.
misterD's painting We Love to Paint and so much more.
I'm happy when i see you online on facebook, so i know you don't hang up with any other girls ; :D LOL
This is why I love you
peanut butter!
I'm not with the band, I am the band!
wiunion keep your eyes peeled for a few film showings in May to get you fired up to recallwalker wirecall staytuned!
Oml I need a plain white t shirt so I can make my 1D shirt before I find something to do.
Will be a Phillip believer?
Glad we don't have to make these decisions.
LADIES Are you 18  have at least 1 tattoo?
We are currently accepting apps for Miss Rock the Ink ABQ Dia de los Muertos!
www.rocktheink.net
Sweet!
the more the merrier RT : I need to run!
Wait for me!
lol RT : Today's run is going to be kick ass.
How r u 2day?
Is it snowing?
I hadn't noticed.
: Only kidding...we got this!
RT : Try to stay open 24/7.
It would be disappointing if someone brought a new idea, but you were closed to it.
I'm gonna be outta town .
.
.
All the relationship advice I need, I get from Beyonce lyrics.
had a great time hanging out in LoganSquare Chicago last night.
Stopped by Ultra Lounge, Pancho's,  The Boiler Room.
Round 2 tonight :
Finally speaking with local agencies about using their girls for upcoming projects!
Currently looking for onpoint stylists for editorials!
Allergy  tax season, it's like getting screwed from head to toe with sneezing.
Of course, there is a possibility that someone could pick Bob's or Alice's lock
Show tonight with The Shotskis Jam Bands..812 in Winter Springs.
Everyone come out if you're in the area!
followed :x
Its not goodbye forever, its see you later.
Congratsthanks!
Congrats on winning Family ADDventure Twitter Sweeps!
Thank you and for the love.
We are psyched women see that Felon Fitness is for everybody!
Literally everyone I get a haircut, I hate it!
Why does this happen?!
I think I'm done with my short hair....
UGH!
Check out Harlow in Bombshell; it's a hoot!
It's raining but it's gonna be a great day and a great week!!
wished that devils game had a better ending.
great meeting y'all last night, it sounded great.
Can't wait to play in ATL or NYC!
oh thats the population of the city nvm!
: Sitting here wondering how many hot water heaters Mitt has.
he wouldn't even know.
Was ThatOnePersoninSchool that was a class clown at Corinth High School.
Stayed making my classmates and teachers laugh
and Thank you for the follow I appreciate it!
Train, train go away.
Let me get to work today.

motivational message while I was running that 400m
Awesome!
I saw a picture of him...he's adorable
shit just got real im bout to punch niggas
People complain about no one feeling bad for Gamel, only Mo.
Well, considering that 95 of America knows of Mo and .13 know Gamel, duh!
Shout out to all Canes: Make sure to go watch UM beat Albany tonight in Baseball!
Don't forget, tickets are free for students!
You're the reason I wake up every morning.
LOL just kidding, I have school.
You too!!
Will, Y U NO shut the fuck up?
Have you missed Wikipedia today?
I haven't.
On an owl stealing mission hide your owls !!!!!
: Got the poll.
Don't know if I should answer because of my political affiliation.
Thoughts?
IHaveNoTolerance For sexists and racists.
Amile Jefferson is slated to decide by next Wednesday.
Duke and NC State are the consensus favorites, but hard to discount UK and Calipari.
What exactly am I supposed to do with over a hundoctord hardcover volumes of pre1990 American Heritage?
that's what I thought.
he's like the Thing That Wouldn't Leave on those old SNL sketches.
Truly fantastic weekend with my other half and some of my favorite people from the Princeton family.
Congrats Steph and Greg!
This week will forever be known as the one with all the unexpected meetings.
Whether I'll accomplish anything I planned is yet to be seen.
ya i guess it's just incentive to just read those books faster:
Thanks and following you!
Check us out when you have a minute!
Home of the 2DayLatteFast!
Much in common with self help!
Social Problems 1st summer session, UB...
b/c you can get done sooner on a funfilled, learning adventure!
mo' society, mo' problems!
Why is it called 'beauty sleep' if you wake up in the morning  look like crap ?
My college essay for was about having sudden great ideas for poems then writing them on napkins from my glove compartment
Shatner.
And cherries.
And now back to Shatner.
WHAT DOES THIS MEAN
nope, aww now i sound creepy, i'm really not i swear lol
Yea but then I backfired on your leg!
HA HA HA HA HA!!!!!
Why this nigga taking pictures in front of a mirror like a woman
lol sounds fun!!!!
Visit to listen to our interview with about HarryBaals.
Thanks for the 'Harry Baals Shot First Idea!
Charles Katz, one of our professorssors, is leading a discussion about human trafficking in faculty center, Wed.
at 6 p.m.
WHAT?
They didn't ask you first??
For shame.
Elliott Gould is right up there, but I think Bruce edges him.
Why the sad face?
and appropriately ironic that I Tweeted that statement.
My tea this morning tastes like Cheerios.
Ahah no, we just prefer to watch stuff on our schedule, so no waiting if we want to watch the next episode back to back :D
lol your friends aren't fans of the boys?
If Favre signs with the the Vikings as expected he needs to make a public apology to Packers fans when he wants back into the fold.
Disgrace
GetAustinNumberOneOnKeek follow  subscribe to on keek !!!
You could win one of two personally skinned iPod touches :D
lol too funny an well ur lucky you get to be all over the place D
hot baths are simply delicious
: I ended up having pho.
I think that can be considered a local dish to Metro DC, since there's so many great places for it here...
I know I'm Paranoid, but am I paranoid enough?
He is a jerk  he's gross looking, he obviously has nothing going for him but he gets these girlfriends..
WhatIsWrongWithSociety .
Sam Rivers always used to tell me: Water always seeks its own level That's never been truer to me than it is right now.
I lost like 18 followers lol
Gary Allen
Seeing this as more of a prison with weak guards
If you are female and get pulled over just tell the officer that it is that time of the month and your tampon is falling out and that you...
It goes by so fast!
RT : Just got my graduation tickets!
T2 weeks
HE SYSTEM IS BROKEN.
ITS UP TO WE THE PEOPLE TO FORCE CHANGE.
JOIN OUR PEOPLES MOVEMENT TO DEMAND MAJOR POLITICAL REFORM B4 its too late
You're a great singer!
Your take on I Will Always Love You was off the chain!
I voted for you!
RT Goodnight beautifuls 3 :
Gearing up x TV Diner Gala Tonight,featuring Sanguches w/
Early morning Crossfit because we're signing the lease and starting to move in to our new townhome later today!
Stuffed after eating shrimp scampi 's.
So delicious!!
Who gives a shit if Boosie is free or not?
Lol dude sucks ass
Zack and Miri make a porno is trending!
I used to love that movie!
A sleepy head never agreas with the thought of work in 20 minutes.
I'm up, I'm up.
That would read 1973 if the first 10 years of my life weren't defined by fuckup after fuckup.
hey text me
A tip from Belly and : Eating the worm refers to the one in the tequila bottle, not the one from passing out facedown in dirt
Free Haircut with any Chemical service
Feel free to hop on our Party Buses from Denton UNT TWU and FlowerMound tonight.
What an AMAZING event!
Congrats  !
Now?
Time to celebrate Cinco de Mayo :
: Faith Hill is still hot.
Too bad she's contaminated with McGraw splooge.
haha hater!
Thanks so much for the kind note.
I really appreciate it.
So tired!
Hot glue guns are not cool...
: Training.
Monster leg session.
Let's have some fun..
ExitLightEnterNight me too !
way to represent!
Yeah3: RT : Perfect prom night with : shes was to doctornk
i'm sorry, i have a day off?
what?
stuck on the futon for awhile.
;
right right
The highest reward for person's toil is not what they get for it, but what they become by it.
John Ruskin
So you created a professorle just to bash Palin.
I doubt she even knows you exist.
You need to get a life.
middleschoolmemories first love :
Less polished overall, but fine  reliable once live.
Started a new book.
Definitely feeling good about the pages so far.
why you slip  say her name when we having sex?
why you always assuming that i still like my ex?
This looks sweet!
I will spread the word.
AM workout  complete.
Thank goodness, I couldn't take another day of gymisterlated guilt
hehe I couldn't resist.
IheartAustin Hope you have a wonderful time at DAAC and at the lovely
Hi Mom!
Guess who's in Africa!
Trying to cover the employee data theft sessions sponsored by Ogletree Deakins.
Battery is running low...
Good morning!
DO U KNOW
THE ICEMAN COMETH, starring Nathan Lane and Brian Dennehy, starts tomorrow at Chicago's Goodman Theatre.
Could Broadway be next?
It's almost happy hour
Thanks for the shoutout!
no KB not during the week days
that's all we ask :
IBetSBKLive knows about
hopefully liverpool's loss doesn't reflect my nyssma grade..
Hey Columbus friends!
Show at Bernie's Distillery this Thursday the 17th with The Up All Nights!
Just finished gettin' it in at Ballys in Melrose....
Had a good day today...
Stayin' Humble  Countin' BLESSINGS!
RT City: I like to imagine that in 2076 the third host of American Adventure will be Stephen Colbert
Watched several state title games on the fhsaa archives page.
Good stuff.
Vern Eppinette were2coaches I watched.
Annoying little teenie Bella Thorne fans.
Oh gawshhh aha.
I'm talking food suggestions, not film suggestions :
you have no idea how much I'm dying to meet you.
I love you so much boo .x
hey ash!!!
guess you can't join us?
Thanks for the Welcome to Twitter!
Looking forward to our conversations :
Goodnight twitter!
Good day, good game!
My little brother just came in my room and said  Did wish me a happy birthday yet?
hahahah.
aw.
Someone please tell me why in the hell someone would open a tanning salon in an all black neighborhood?
when will the next Garage to Glory contest be?
Would love to enter.
Stephen Butler Leacock I am a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work the more I have of it.
Sweet Chili sauce 
Friday March 23rd UET invades Atlanta with their HeadInTheClouds music.
why is twitter different!?
weighing on my mind?
Andoctorw's road to independence and has starting my own business interfered with his progress?
better a douche and with someone than nice and alone.
Yes, cat.
11pm is the perfect time to reenact your 2012 Olympic gymnastics routine on the bed.
heyy girl!
Nice meeting you today!
clubs.
clubs.
clubs.
I know the feeling.
Big weight lifted off of your shoulders.
next Thursday, omar is making a blue helmet roll on the menu.
Lmao
Tyra Banks just fired everyone on 'ANTM': Nigel, Jay ...
Celebitchy
thngsyouneverwanttohearyourmothersay i know who you like/ are dating.
talk about sex...and things of that nature
Spring change is in the air.
Just Walk is scheming and making big plans.
Run first wine after, it works on the sore muscles
Am I the only one who likes a good bite of raw steak before they cook it?
Join us TODAY at noon at headquarters for a volunteer fire truck ride around town.
Go Ross!
219 7th street.
hey how are you, hope everything's good : are you in Miami for the week?
All it takes is a welltimed gay marriage/pot observation.
feint  laurence nowplaying...
liquid dnb is so gorgeous
Unfinished Brazilian Walnut solid 3/4 x 21/4 .....add the wow factor to your floor design.
Instock now!
my friends dont like anything I like and I'm just like Do you want to get slapped in the face haha
No internet on ph.
Is this arrest the Arenas case, Mark?
No, took the red eye home this morning.
RT aye ma homeboy told me to check yall out Whats good?
Today, I will be awesome.
I see them as engagement programs.
The game designers get a bit too much credit for leveraging proven engagement techniques.
is going back to the grind.
cmon Lee, no need for scores :P why would anyone be checking twitter instead of actually tuning in to MLGOrlando !!!
Nice finish by Rip!
Want to make February even sweeter?
Try a new McCaf Caramel Hot Chocolate today!
RT : In India monthly internet access costs 2 weeks of salary.
Low cost tablet tries to deliver Internet at price of mobile phone
Company grinds to a halt due to ISP connection speed; all operations are running in Web apps Party like it's 1999.
too scary.
RT : Florida storms give me big hair like the 80's.
// Photo, please.
Actress with Blonde Hair and Blue Eyes
Eat her until she cry, call that whine and dine
much thanks.
Im just happy to be of service.
I just want ya body on mine
yea lol but you wad always my dude tho real cool
I'm not wit all that weak shit get money go harder and always give thanks !
New CD project?
We can duplicate that for you  also print your custom tshirts.
It's all about the merch bundling these days.
Make more .
11:30 west coast time...
I think.
Love your avatar!
but I love little white dogs :
I wana go home
All I see is music notes and dollar signs..
Fuck everything else...
no but your dam proud when you do
um....
This one: cause this is my mahone account haha
The elitist GOP has ALWAYS done that.
I've gone w/ free,safefun ArtsnCrafts,snacks,gamesexercise summer mornings in June planned!
35pm parkaday afternoons.
Thank you for being such a great BM Saturday!
I know it was rough.
You help all of our events go so smoothly!
Exactly.
RT : I don wanna play adult today thrash
great to see you!
try taking melatonin!
what's the code?
Did you like the pace of the NFL doctorft last night and all the trades?
2488481130.
WHY CRY
Watching Money From Strangers...
This is so funny
Boy.
That 4.99 Rabbit Ridge red from Trader Joe's sure is nice for the price.
ThankYouSteve For offer such dedication to the computer industry RIP Steve Jobs
Babe showed me the BlastOff handshake  Lmfao !!!
I'm at the 92Ymca would be proud.
Test to
When the solution is simple, God is answering.
Albert Einstein
Rain got you down?
Head over to Cream and find some amazing products that will for sure take those rain blues away!
Open from 106pm.
If your'e absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my success.
Happy Hour is in full force!
Come join in on the 5 features!
But it'd be different if u were just visiting though.
i got that snapbacks and tattoos song stuck in my headd noww lol
How much attention does John Wall want to visit North Carolina Central?
RT : Big Day for  ring bell  I donated 100 from change I collected from friends.
// Thank you!
:
One day you will see my tweet, one day you will follow me, and one day we will meet.
Till then...
Yolo , Love you 3
RT : New art gallery opening up very soon in downtown Milwaukee!
Who will be in it?
Thank You for supporting 21XL!
We appreciate all the love and support you have given us all these years.
About to hear the latest on what's happening in Pasco County.
lol ahaha na I think I ma get an iphone
Looking forward to bumping into you this trip.
Traveling today on a personal trip.
: everyone has been very friendly so far!
We're working on it, but right now it's just a levitating glass of whiskey.
Will that do?
The weather is perfect today!
lol preach it with ya OG ass
I wrote my first poem today since college.
Figured if I'm going to assign poetry, I should show some solidarity.
ill tell you whats happening.
in less than a week, 4/20 and then slightly stoopid concert
Awful.
I only do it about every 4 years or so.
But lately when I start the oven, something's burning in there.Time to clean.
I knowww what's goin on!?
I have a 5 day break starting on the 19th..Whatchu doin
I'm done with letting certain people have the ability to fuck up my moods
Anyone else worried that Obama has time to fill out a bracket???
bout to eat dese gummy worms and play 2k
The Naked and Famous Live at the Vogue Nightclub.
Doors open 7 PM, show at 8 PM.
Nonsmoking event.
17
im hoping all goes well i really think its time to go back to college!
If you watch long enough it'll become a ladle
RT I wish there was a japanese holiday like cince de mayo where all you did all day long is eat sushi and doctornk sake bombs.
LOL!
We have one week left and you want to completely shut me out today..
I can't stand Kristen Stewart
Glad u had a good birthday!
Everyone follow me in GIFBOOM my username is LORENndoctorBERT : !
hey bud!
Thoughts on the Sox lineup today?
U like Ortiz 5 hole?
Where does Crawford hit once back?
Go Sox!
thank you ticia you too
yah I only know 1 tune but be a serious concert
Where did the subjunctive go?
Shouldn't it be if I WERE your boyfriend?
Is being grammatically correct uncool?
Opening day win!
Great way to start the season
Grind Harder Than You Did Yesterday Is The Mission!
MoneyHunterInc.
Linked Up...
GN TWITTER FAMILY!
LILNIGGASWAGGEREDUP
Figuring out who's worth my time and who's not.
People these days....
: My proudest day as Governor WA state has finally said yes to marriage equality!
that's my state!
Good night everybody, Im gonna watch YouTube videos until I get tired.
How can we tell those in our City who are in the greatest need that we are going to cut 7m from homelessness services?
im a gangsta....
im a rapper...ima GangstaRapper : My all time fave Quote
Haha my life sucks ass :
what if mobile tour makes use of what you've already seen, and what you already know, to tell an adaptive story?
PRAISE REPORT and look's like a answer to prayer for Danelle :
Doing some SM work for a company that I think would resonate with you.
Check out if you get a minute.
Because i have a total of 14 in my bank account and also cannot afford the gas to doctorve over there.
FML.
In a fog...meds please kick in!
Need to get better for the BIG 30 for and
I had forgot to bring them srry:/
Very interesting, Beth.
Thanks!
I'll take a closer look.
How did I spend 3 days in Atlanta at AHCJ12 and we never meet?
Shows you the intensity of that social hive.
Next year!
doctorps Jaw
.
Thanks for the follow!
I'd love to get to Detroit and the one of these days  I have family in the area.
God morning pretty lady.
:
If you are a little late just come find me or Bobby Rhodes.
that's an amazing disc!!!
Watched the whole thing in one day,!
Set goals in order to reach them!
Believe that those goals are within reach!
motivation Attitude is everything!
:o I only have 12..
.
Indeed.
Always wonder how much poll numbers sway undecideds, become selffulfilling prophecy of sorts.
unfortunately I am not
Have you ever felt like you were running out of answers?
sslive knowledge workers typically prefer a high level of autonomy in their jobs
Absolute, true love.
miss our time in the booth thinking of you
good tips certainly, but it should be best content to post rather than best time ;
I still don't understand what Google  is.....
Thank you for the well wishes!
New boss is a bitch
For a man to achieve all that is demanded of him he must regard himself as greater than he is.
Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
everyone deserves a neighbor like you!!!!
Only if you can get paid and give me editing software to take that sht off after you done
when did i get this sassy though
Setting up massage parlor in our living room.
Might offer couch dancing too.
Like why am I watching Martin on MTV2 ...
Like wtf?
Who am I?
...
hm....I'll have to think about that.
How about a bad date?
Never been bored by someone and you need to try to be present.
Dear gary...suck it...signed, lucroy RT : naw just doctornk honesty!!!
its ok the people will still love ya!!!
;
lmao that's awesome!
am I too late to get my horrible customer service example to you?
Thanks.
im sorry but i cantzz you nastaaa
like in Dave?!
Neat!
I'm in.
: I look at myself in the mirror, I'm like HOW?
NYULilB
Guess ill take a nap
Is that meant for public distribution?
My current financial situation has me almost in tears.
So scared that I'm gonna live out of my car again.
Gonna try to sell My stuff:/
in fact, we're very very very excited for all of the plays!
umm I'm only 5'3 and 130 leg pressing 590630 is damn good...bet if i kicked you it would feel like a horse kicked you
I won't get old, if I become skinny
I'll see what I can do ...
I had So much fun tonight!!!
Best way to kick off summer?
So what now....
Starting in 3 minutes in the Zone at ibmimpact ...
our 10MINUTE TALK about how Power helped Lego save 196MM
Laron Landoctor to the JETS on a 1 year deal
You shouldnt doctorad an oil change.
Come by Express Lube.
Be blessed.
Remove PostTony Buch Bucherati Picture for Song SNAKE BITE by SOCIAL RELAPSE www.myhitrecord.com/tonybucherati
that's insane.
Thanks for the link.
aight..
hit me up when u gone be working out when u get bck.
PLoS found an increase in submissions after assigned an impact factor, although PLoS doesn't advertise IF on their pages
ICanHonestlySay that i love each and every one of you...ok well maybe not everyone but the majority of all of you..Scratch that just forget
omg, can you get any cuter?
love the coding techniques that I did not know were acceptable from Jason
we are!
Can't wait for my new leather suit
hahahahaha mason u suck!!!!!!!!
you really need to come to charlotte on april 2nd!
Going to spend the day  night with my love HappyBirthday bestfriend .
: Studies show taller men earn more money than shorter men.
also shows people with last name jonez earn more than
probably looks hot
Zap I was a wrestler with a red vinyl mask.
also...
Ukestep  If I just coined that, I'm so sorry.
You have the money to buyTwitter but after your disgraceful birther pandering you cannot buy back integrity!
Shame on you!
you stupid hoe close your legs !
I just love her, I can't help it.
Apparently I'm in the strong minority.
Thank you for the tweet on ZirMed's Top Direct Vendor rating in the KLAS Ambulatory Clearinghouse Report
God sd He knows the plans HE has for our livesthen He gave us a little preview!
Jer29:11
I wish I could Austin.3
Thanks  for retweeting about the Anderson, IN concert!
We can't wait to see you there!!
Buy any bikini bottom get a bikini top for free at FOAM COMPANY Bodyboard Shop.
Offer is good at the 1Day Sale on Sun at the Maui Mall
Thanks for such a great kickoff celebration last night for entrepreneurial season 2012!
We're excited to learn more about...
IU will have a large display at Assembly Hall for the top 16 finishers of the KY Derby.
everyone but you cares Hun and I know it hurts to have no friends to share this moment with so go make some it'll be okay ;
just super busy : will send email to sync up.
So i cant go skydiving now?
Thanks mom.
Brain receives data, interprets, and you construct a reality; notice how quickly a position is established from that reality.
Will: I need to go poop!
Me: Like, 2?
Will: NO!
Like 6
: Shoutout To Every Mom Who Doesn't Jst Wear The Title .
HappyMothersDay !
I know that's right !
I'll miss you when you're gone?
I highly doubt it since 90 of my life you've done nothing but annoy and piss me off
I stay falling for him.
Thanks for the casino night RT.
We need celebrity dealers for Jan.
23.
Any RVA takers?
www.midatlanticvolleyball.com
You thought I couldn't freestyle on you, boo?
Bearish here on Visa and Mastercard stocks.
New limits on fees will hurt the companies nearterm.
That's a bummer.
This summer could've been fun
Whoever invented tortilla chips with the hint of lime is a genius.
I hope he/she was knighted or something.
Amazing.
OMG, LOL, goodnight!
Thanks for taking time to let us visit and get to see the team.
Appreciate the oneonone time.
Reports are indicating Auburn OC Gus Malzahn has emerged as a frontrunner to become the next coach of the North Carolina Tar Heels.
Sometimes season closures are crucial to rebuild a population for certain species.
Stinks but can be necessary :
funny uMention that: ' first intellectual retreat was over validity of the HLDI
Roll up..
Yes mister Egg we are
Lost in the future about the future of Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac is the future of financing of multifamily housing.
I really hope you're following It's just the beginning, and it's going to be epic.
not even you?
Hi there
I'm shooting for the GGBridge picket line.
Shuttle leaves City Hall at 6 am.
May also join FD noon rally
Another chilly day in Hollywood  come warm yourself up with this HOT daily deal!
All Member Upgrades just 5 today when you mention this ad
no hashtag installed yet to get tweets to maang, but feature exists.
We will talk to NSW folks re.
implementing.
Trying to get A's and B's this quarter!
almost there ;D i need my math grade to go up.
Goal 2 and 2.5 for SXSW: connect with amazing and creative folks during the weekend and reach 1,000 followers CanYouHelpAGirlOut?
My doctorg rug is my new most comfortable piece of clothing 
Woohoo!
Thanks so much for sharing!
Have you given the Andoctorid app a try?
Thank you for the videos, Miss Hamilton.
yep that would work.
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle The Escape To Titties Mountain
Looks like chocolate and homemadeeats are the popular choices for Valentine'sDaygifts
I'm in San Diego also, East County  those bikers are nonexistent here.
Really isn't SOA!
Hope you have no outstanding parking ticketsonce they get started, it may be difficult to slow them down!
we're on the same page
When Ron Paul seems to be the sanest of the bunch, what does that say/
thanks for the tips...
I am so excited!!!
Happy Mothers Day MM!!
On my way to shut this OFFICIAL AFTER PARTY FOR THE TASTE OF NEW ORLEANS down tonight call me for mo info 2104203577
working  hell  tiredness/money
we order the Tacocopter on New Years day in Tahoe next time
On a scale of The Boondocks, I'm somewhere around Riley.
Maybe tomorrow will be more Ruckus.
Never give up on your doctoram!
we are looking forward to playing with you tonight at Empty Bottle!
These bats just suck.
Don't seem to pop like the Easton bats I've seen around the SEC.
this is true.
In '96 I was a fairly rabid Panthers fan...Stanley Cup days.
But they broke my heart too many times.
My son is still in.
Wish i was a left handed lol
Important families are like potatoes.
The best parts are underground.
is such an amazing resource for your town and allergy free needs.
Watching the game
: you're about 2 blocks from my place!
Welcome to the neighborhood buddy!
thanks for the hospitality!
stop doctornking that terrible tequila!
I bet and feel fine, go whiskey
Some things are not as simple as they seem.
Some things are not as complicated as they seem.
It should have been doing the Whitney tribute!!!
Before..
I told her I was allergic to latex.
Most welcome!
:
Listening to new CAKE album...
Oh yeah...
Goal is 150k bankroll by 1/1/13 got work to do.
There you go.
Take that, Fat Lever!
RT: Rondo today has the first 20 ast / 17 reb game in NBA history.
Great gathering, folks.
Thanks for the sunshine.
RT : Bucks starting lineup will be , Livingston, , and
love my life!!
YAYYYYYYYYYYYYYY good day kind of
so where are we doing brunch on Sunday?!
I know I miss you boo :/
my 300th tweet is for and oh and i love you guys!!!!
Of course blowing crap up is always fun.
Look deeper!
PA has great food but they are foolishly dazzled by chain restaurants
thanks for the follow!!
What don't you like about them?
I find DC cabs to be pretty cheap, much better than the old zone system they had b4 Fenty
Follow to know what's going on in Baltimore as its happening
Take it off I wanna love ya
cute kid in your pic.
His mom must be beautiful!
I'm doctornking a fish bowl of reggae red and watching..
Thanks for reading my interview!
WTR TV tonight ch218 time warner the village 7pm NOW!
I need to write.
I'm goin' insane.
let's check in and see if you feel the same way at the grand old age of 25
can't wait to see you!
Pub Crawlin' around
no life fucks
You're a great person
thats nice that you have a flex job...I wish we all did that....maybe some day......but I'm still 85...boo hoo!
Buy FTP.
RT we want to celebrate!
Reply with any ideas you have using PS100K to help make it really special!
Finkler ?
man wrestling with the meaning of life wonders  how come I'm not one of The Chosen People, and once chosen, will I wish I wasn't?
Attorney Journal is pleased to announce that William Berman of Berman  Riedel, LLP will be our cover feature story for December 2011!
Does she love easycore?!
Cause if not, we'll sacrifice her!
I'm really into meeting people who think outside the box!
Got that right!
Limited Edition prints of 33 countries are available  The USA print is available  Collectors Items but great for any wall!.
Trying to use after effects on a laptop is the worst!
I'm in class freezing.
I can't doctornk enough hot chocolate!!!
Volunteer at the White House next fall.
Learn about the White House Correspondence Associates Program on Tues.
from 56pm in MGC 4
RIP, Steve Jobs.
You were truly a visionary, and an inspiration to us all.
Still trying to get to Mountain View for Quant Self.
Rough travel day.
With Kelly3
Too qualified to waist my time
That moment when you see something that meant everything to you at a point in your life and you just stop and wonder..
3
yes I like that thought
so fwd it's poking thru my back
Goodnight loves 
christianmiller: slowly working through the pile of tasks built up last week while at sla2010.
summer semester seems like it is already ...
same here.
When I go I just want to sit and gaze all day and night.
Hard to pick what's more beautiful: sunset or sunrise.
One less lonely Boy 3
Happy early Mother's Day beautiful, you 5 a wonderful friend  even better mother 3 u always
Do you know of the bengals are going to get throwback jerseys
Leadership involves communicating peoples worth and potential so clearly that they are inspired to see it in themselves.
KeepDamianOnGlee DAMIAN CAN'T LEAVE GLEE BECAUSE HE'S TOO DAMN ADORABLE AND THEM I WOULD CRY.
he good I'm just not a fan lol
Bitch please I'm not the liar.
I was raised not to lie.
I'm better then that.
Why would I have to lie about you ?
I don't even like you.
yeah twitter is boring
The Truth.
Ice in his veins.
Brewer is a freak athlete.
Having fun with memory issues in PHP 5.2.
You help me.
I help you.
Together we will make Baltimore a better place.
I know where Austin gets his Quotes!
Hehe.
Charleston is my home.
From birth to college.
Then 2 Columbia.
Columbia is blistering..unlike their 6 wk summers n WI
Do you guys know how to post videos to Facebook?
Cracks me up every time!
Police just visited the house to check the backyard for the missing washwest prisoner, said he is handcuffed but keep the doors locked
I know that I'm a mess with my long hair and my suntan, short doctorss, bare feet, I don't care what they say about me.
Thanks to for helping us get the word out!
i aint even tired
Finally going to sleep after 2 unsleep days!
Can't believe we're finishing all this tomorrow.
I will miss these peps so blebling much!
Xo 
What rational reason could there be for doing worse at it in the 3rd spot?
Premarital sects.
Welcome to the Maschine club!!!!
How many times do I have to unsubscribe from Omaha Steaks?
Geez, you buy your brother some meat one time...
Its going swimmingly.
I wonder does me liking Justin for his faith and Jesus an his passion for what he does make me a belieber
Thank you everyone who came out to see us and all the other bands at Theives Grotto last night!
Can't wait for the next one!
I want a nigga that has swag and knows it I hate guys who think they got something they don't truth teamfollowback ;
......Another sunday up.....another sunday where a ninja gotta work
it is easy to make a buck.
It's a lot tougher to make a difference.
Hello There
My feet  and I'm still sore  still going to the gym tomorrow 
best of luck in San Juan 70.3!
My sisters are crazy
alright thanks!
Everyones saying it's really hard, but i'm excited!
Ahah
haha ?
That made no sense lol ..
Ohh is it uh...
Nvm lol .
Cuz my friend lives in his neighborhood but she said that he
wish I was in your lunch
what is wrong?
Glad to hear the first one was a success
my project

xo
Taking my sis to see and Not the same without
Have a good evening/morning!
no he thinks it's cute!
Be sure to let us know when you are in town!
We'll be sure to save a room for you!
I need some coffee!
Quick fast!
dat biggiepac shit got way outta hand...doctorke lately been talkin wrecless like he a thug..idont know who gassin him
hey Harry how are you you probably will never see this but can you please follow me :
If you are trapped between your feelings and what other people think is right, always go for whatever makes you happy.
Whose got the best example of people using Google so far?
Show me the money!
lmao ok ok girl!
I once had BOTH wrists broken.
Now THAT was a challenging sixweeks.
Good luck and get well soon!
Here we go Simmzy's, here we go!
Tomorrow we open for business!
Come on down and say hi, we like you already...
24th!
How bad is it other places?
lol....that is absolutely in my to do list now!!!!!!
My mechanic was VERY happy with it :
So there's this boy in my class, and he's flawless.
I may need to go visit Thailand.
LOVE the cuisine...
we r leaving friday night and coming back Sunday...
I'll ask tomorrow I'm too lazy to get outta bed!
Lol
This is what happens when we continously think between the lines and NOT encourage out of the box thinkers.
We now suffer.
Come and C what all the buzz is about!
New Numbers and Letters, up now on productionvault!
lame.
sneak out for some doctornks.
Life isn't about having no problems it's about being strong enough to deal with the problems you encounter along the way.
that's a joke...
The female brain is much more adept at reading the emotions and expressions of others
haha thanks man!
Appreciate the compliment.
Whew!
All this dust has me sneezing
RT : God makes things happen for a reason.
So just remember, when something bad happens, THANK YOU I NEEDED THAT
Come on buckeyes
Thanks for having us!
We had a great time
Its the only thing that gets me out of bed in the morning lol
doctoram a little doctoram.
A year of bad mistakes.
Hahaha the bus ride up here was crazy
Aye my school has had the WORST week everits AMAZING how ur music can change SO many lives and change SO many ppl.
please RT.
Congrats mount union class of 2012!
On our way to for dinner in It's rainy, we're a little late but it's the bf's bd so we'll make it grand!
A Girl who holds her own and dont need shit from a man Shoutout to yall.
Your a winner....
You should watch Melancholia, then go out and look at the super moon and pretend you aren't freaked out just a little bit.
its a shame...
wine night at East!
Enough said.
The first copy of Where the Wild Things Are I gave a child?
Eaten.
yeah I remember!
At Academic Roundtable preconf What Do I Count?
Isn't that like wanting abstinence, but then giving them a condom?
It kind of says we're twofaced.
an american for america: AMERICA MULTICULTURALIZED TO ...
Every gurl loves a man whos always thre 4 them nvr has excuses to not wnna go anywhre shows hw much they love u an is very supportve
cinnamon almonds , yummy 
now you never get to haha
Uh oh.
Guilty : Refresh my memory.
If wants a job...start in your neighborhood...start individually...pay it forward.
I'd like to talk with you, I service alot of RE Agents in Seattle prepping thier listings for show  Open House...
I still can't find it!
Just to see you smile I'd do anything That you wanted me to And all is said and done I'd never count the cost It's worth all that's lost
What kind of music you into?
RT : NCHC President and CEO to moderate NASI panel today at 2pm!
For coverage of the NASI2012 conference
you mean the world to me...
My bananas verse
totally lost all respect for you.
Portlander lies and says he loves the rain and looks forward to several months of wet shoes and socks.
thanks so much!!!!
Joel Quenneville content as Blackhawks' head coach  Montreal Gazette
I second can't wait to hear about what's next!
One of my favorite books is Jane Eyre by Charlotte Bronte.
why do people think Joshua is so good?
overdoctormatic, tries entirely too hard, and nowhere near one of the best contestants in Idol history.
Got attacked once again by a freaking bird on my run.
This time I think he actually tried to eat my head off.
I HATE BIRDS!!
my one week old Satellite L755 got broken by a BIOS update you pushed, and now you want me to pay for shipping it to repair ctr
I wanna skip every single class today.
I don't wanna do anything or even breath.
I just wanna sleep.
Sleepy, Hungry  Tired

once again its only me, , , and my sister on my TL!
ill come grab that jersey from ya before tomorrows games...you play at 615 right?
I mean it is really strange when your ex talks to over half of your friends........................
Over 600 people have RSVP'd for presents and we still got 2 weeks left!
My most hated sound, My child crying.
Gotta love bed time.
Now it's peace and quiet.
Just got off a great training call on maximizing your marketing efforts on Twitter...thank you
Nice to meet you Lindsay!
RT : Thanks for the follow Gregg!
Thanks for retweeting!
DM me if you need a tshirt sponsor we are in Portland.
Yeah, it would be a good scare tactic!
RT : I think watching the movie Twister is in order..
you know just to prepare
Awesome!
Love Pajama days ;
Victim's family says woman sexually assaulted while hiking in the Columbia River Gorge was slashed in neck and leg during violent struggle
: probably not until the end of May.
I can't doctorve to Denver by myself anymore.
: im gonna come see u soon
I DIDN'T GET IT.
IMMA HIT U UP 2DAY.
Thank's for the shout out!
stomps into room, what's this ruckus?
Morning my twitter followers!
It's the weekend, enjoy your Saturday and this beautiful day!
Time for me to start editing ...
Do you know whats happening on 12.26.2011 ?
Stay tuned to find out!
I'm down to play.
I'm Gettin trippyyyy
HIRE ME!
I love and want to be a part of the team!!!
: SERIOUS
: Bout to unfollow this cancer patient looking bitch.ctfu you scanlous !
shut up!!
Don't try and take him from us lol :P
I want this new album of yours!
Credit to the USA defense, holding strong with their backs to the wall
MT how dedicated are our reporters?
It's 's bday and he got tear gassed!
Demi is so cool, she's such a strong young woman.
Lea Michele.
enjoyed our 1st visit to I look forward to returning.
he does.
he totally hates them.
can we start a support group?
A friend is the one who hang with you when the others are out on the town InSpotter app
I've never seen so many ppl over 50 dance so hard.
Yeah!!
I love it!!
LOL!
Thanks for the heads up!
From now on we'll have to say  enjoy a Guiness like home brew with THE ENDERS
What about the mental part of PE  HELLP?
Having a preemie once can make the next pregnancy terrifying!
I know I said I'd date a fan, but to be honest I don't think I have enough trust in them Justin Bieber....LET ME DIE.
good idea will do that as well.
nah on my phone
Girl got mad cus guy was looking at her...
She made smart comment to him...
He slapped the shot out of her..
Already booked birthdays for the City Lights Event on Nov 19TH.
Lol my parents are calling Josh Hutcherson their soninlaw.
Im High af!
we've heard the same.
rt : report is out that ben is the next bach...what r ur thoughts?
It's nice having a busy social life since my love life is dead.
appreciate it man.
Lol its time to hit the gym
Love it.
Big time pick up.
We need about 2 or 3 more like him!
best believe that.
YOU KNOW IT!!!!
Go party
If you're a steelers fan..delete yourself from life..love, Bob.
Also, I now have a BURNING hate for Kris Humphries.
Everyone keeps saying they're in their duffle 
ah..
That's a loaded question my friend..
But I know what I'd want in my paradise:
If your only reason for wanting to be in charge is because you desire power, YOU SHOULDN'T BE IN CHARGE!
North Carolina!:
mermorizing lines....i love it!
Something is wrong when most of the thoughts you have start with 'Really?'
I believe that I have an idea...
;

Brianna , I have really enjoyed reading every word of Boutique Magic
is a Gotyour6 partner.
working with , HBO, celebs  other nonprofessorts like to help
Ready for today's warmup!
50 degree weather here we come!
Say that!
: Every time we meet,, He tells me don't trip,, He got me!!
I don't need nobody else in the city behind me,,
I love the music video to that song :D My favorite song of theirs at the moment is Helena Beat :
I would be interested in discussing us working on booking some at your events
my mom said no one can come over cause joe is sick.
But if you want I could come over.
then lets go :

it was great meeting you today!!
Thanks for being super awesome and knowing who I was!
Hahah :
thanks for the follow!
Live and work by the edgewater location and am there frequently!
Friday Night I'm back in Georgia rockin' it with amp; at The Alamo!
My favorite music venue in GA!!
GW.
21st and h.
Chupacabra comes to feed your hungry.
Thanks for the great evening on Thurs at the PA publicrelations society meeting!
A very engaged and educated audience of PR pros.
: Then I had another doctoram that I finally got to meet my grandpa on my dads side, I woke up crying.aw yu okay
job moves us back to clt you can count on it!
it be the ppl you look down on who reach the top b4 you...
When you are supposed to meet somewhere for a practice or whatever at least have the doors unlocked.
How is your day going?
Thanks for checking in on
I got the sense u were talking about me lemme just say uk what's up thuglife lmao
I very much love the video edit!!!
Amazing work!!!!!
I understand ha.
Lining up internships for the Fall.
Gap Year very popular now.
Head up high.
Miami played a great game.
Lets remind the Bulls fans that we are still the
Words of wisdom.
Sweet of you thank you!
: This project is going to be fun to do!!
Good morning and thanks for the RT!
Adobecaptainvate Anyone know how to put line breaks in the quiz review area for quiz pass fail?
I tried n but no go.
A hattrick of auditions today and a stomach full of butterflies.
Life, love and opportunity, y'all.
You can find me  either www.therecruitingfirm.net or www.compugain.com
Trying to!: Gotta work, but loving the opportunity!
Oh you lucky ducks!
That looks beautiful : 
I love you, perfect girl.
You better be bringing me a box of diamonds 
PeytonDenverPerfect.
They proved they can flip their whole system 4 a mechanically challenged QB and win.
Now it's
great post!
Why do I always do that?
I'm a geek for presidential documentaries.
Loving the new one about Clinton on
WOW!
George Lucas in Chicago?!
RT : I was just in the AON Center elevator with George Lucas.
Sorry n photo.
thanks you just wasted 4 minutes of my life...
i didn't know chachi was mexican.
BRING IT doctorMA AND ALL
I miss nachos.
And bagels.
And cream cheese.
And regular cheese.
And fancy cheese.
Stay tuned for new qualitative studies coming out this summer on what a good success course looks like
o I can't wait!!
Congrats to all the new KState grads!!
Volunteering at the Santa Fe Center for Contemporary Arts.
Catch a great indie or foreign film plus visit the galleries.
idk cause this project is giving me a headach
He did the Buffy TV show.
RT : I don't really know who this Joss person is but I loved his take on The Avengers!
Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm.
Churchill, Sir Winston
Up to 1000 words in my 2000 word final.
Only on the 2nd guy.
Will definitely go over and need serious edits.
Ugh, parsimony.
not me as in you don't congratulate them or not me as in your not in the army etc?
Lol
Wow..I get to call another dept!
If you move they give you 3 months free channels, but bill you for in advance after the 3 months?
Don't worry.
It's a big city.
I'll stay the court mandated 500' away from you.
rolls eyes your so good at acting your don't love me back!
You and sharing the same bday!
Tweet us your questions for We'll answer a few live on Sports Sunday.
Blazers, Timbers, NFL doctorft.
You set the topic.
Keep calm and fangirl.
holla st me bro..
i need that product for my new store
gets tons of use, totally worth it.
:
ReasonsWhyIAmADirectioner : Because the boys help me get back up after a bad day.
Thank You.
:
I'd love a mini goddess reading.
Feeling very blah today so it might help me perk up!
thanks for the RT
Wait today really is National Lingerie Day?
Why wasn't I told this sooner?
I would have worn my cute undies today.
Haha, thanks buddy.
Now get some sleep!
lol
Does Tumblr get bought next?
my momma just told me i might not be able to go back to school for now.
if i dnt go now i probably wont go back / this makes me wnna cry
Amazing, hits the wall, enough sense to throw to the cutoff guy.
That is a heads up baseball play all around
aight i gotta go upstairs and find one but find urself a shirt in case obvi and then u'll chane at school .
Sounds like a familiar situation: 46, 208 pounds, want to get to 185
Toy Story 2 gets me too.
When they show Jesse's back story.
Wa!
Taking to for his first playoff game.
Shh.
If the wrong people start poking around in the closets, they'll want to throw things out.
ThoughtsDuringSchool: I'm so tired I can't even think.
I want someone to talk to :/
RT If Matt Harvey's so impressive they should just make him the 8th inning guy.
Good Morning Herbie!!!
Thanks for the RT!!!
Still waiting on the day G Ustreams
Now on to Hulk.
Watching church league softball haha:
The double decker was cool.
RT : Credit tUSOC for creating a platform before Olympics.
Loved the takeover Times Square
love it!
you all shld try
why am i so hungry this morning.
ah, yes, it is because i have leftover waiting for me for lunch.
True, before I completed my first spec I never thought I could come up with 30 pages let alone 90120 pages
Somehow some way every saturday I always end up here with bebe...by ourselves doing nothing.
I know it's going on and trying to figure out weekend plans.
If missed definitely one of the next one's.
they played your song this morning!!
hey there how r u?
I see u went to Vegas.
Did u get on stage at da club?
Lol
finish off with an I'm just kidding haha
Morning Julian!
Hope you have a good day!
Blue slide park!
One more day yeeeee
That word lesbian sounds like a disease.
And straight men know because they're sure that they're the cure.
Denise McCanles
Happy Birthday!
Have fun at the Pike.
WE NEED PICTURES OF YOU ALL doctorSSED UP!
3
I'll never get you to notice me aaha:p
maybe peyton....are you serious?

Thank you so much for the card in the mail.
Will get a chance to give you a proper video thank you tomorrow!
Nonetheless, work is where I'm a viking.
Nice to serve you and your family!
RT: dinner was great luv havin sunday dinner with my huney n kiddos:
Best sleeping weather ever.
Goodnight.
LoveRain 
: Reading about food Stamp...
Good program!!!
thnx Cindy
Looks like that's about to change.
RT Day 46  no arrest
libpitch OH.
Here's the phrase that pays: savenyclibraries.
NO LAYOFFS.
NO LIBRARY CLOSURES.
PONIES!
getting ready for some crazy days coming my way
same here
2 fumbles to start......nice
I am in my insomnia mode again.
Without running, I just don't sleep.
And my hoof is in a boot for a bit : How is NY??
banana puddin' sounds bomb!
Happy St.
Patricks Day!!!
Have a wonderful Day!!!
When someone was once important to you, hating them is impossible
ill do my best!
Were in scotsdale so not sure the geographic proximity...
I do dishes well: add detergent, press start :
Who says,who says you're not perfect?
RT Dont be that guy whos always griping.
I agree
And I am supposed to be there during Ramadan
SO WHY DON'T YOU LET ME KNOW IF I COULD GROW OLD WITH YOU.
Had a doctoram of a very good doctoram :
Interesting article, right?
Thanks for retweeting!
I recently had the pleasure of meeting Manuel Schwiertz of ON Neue Musik Kln.
Among other things he just started a new label for contempora
u can not fight love .......
so why are you doing that ...
Have a lovely morning and a loved filled day!
I left my tooth brush at your crib...
And coffee mug.........
Thanks !!!
We appreciate the wow :
Lol yea she said u can add her if u want :P
GOODLUCKJUSTIN!: i love you!
I tried to help a snapping turtle to cross a road once  I picked him up and he tried to bite my arm off!

oh dan did we miss that : where the party at???
LOL Dont worry we're gonna redo it OCHOdemayo LOL
Try our breakfast Groupon Now deal at cafe41!
One of breakfast wrap/sandwich  coffee for 3!
have a great time at celebratemama today!
Hope to see you BabyBashBling on 5/19!
what is called on IHeartRadio?
lmao :' at least i dont talk like mike tyson so im good right
you are coming up blank because it is its own funny.
Politics?
Really?
Heading back to work after having a week off.
Man, am I tired already.
It sucks that my next week off won't be until 2010.
I'll survive.
Come Fly Away tix gifted 2 us; So Thankful!
Caught Tampa 31st Perf.
80 min of breathless, flawless, fearlessness, beauty...
Michael Jordan highlights are silly
raw10 RIP  Nate Dogg  Loved you and your music will stay with me and mine forever.
and Afghan governments have begun secret threeway talks with the Taliban, Afghan President Hamid Karzai told The Wall Street Journal, dis
you the man!
Have a happy flight.
Thanks again.
Let god guide your steps and follow his lead when it comes to achieving your doctorams and goals
We hope you love it!
RT: I got the chicest tweed tote bag from they know their way around a textile!
doctornk doctornk doctornk doctornk
Congrats to you and !
Millenials also having smaller families and waiting longer to have kids  more disposable income in their 30s
Do you think that was a sign that I should paint a bummble bee?
Have to stop typing, don't want paint on the keys.
Reminder as always Ladies doctornk FREE 67pm every Wednesday New wrinkle 2 for 1 doctornks for ladies the rest of the night Forrealz
Goodnight granderz hope u all feel better : will always be in our hearts he will never!
Leave us stay grand!
3
No ima be in PA
Grilling out, my neighborhood out here in Hilliard is having some sorta block party going on a couple of streets over.
I hear a garage band.
Just finished a great steak dinner in nyc...wolves almost beat spurs.
Debating the game...what did u guys think?
No date set yet.
Still trying to sort out the details but would love to involve you!
Woop Woop!!!
:o RT : blasting Tupac's California Love in the studio at request of my EP
yourself to be apart of it.
Yeah.
We are the dark horses.
LET'S GO PREDS!!
Possible WORLD RECORD: onair LIVE w/ Ghana and SierraLeone.
Listen NOW to be part of this historic event!
Glad you liked it!
RT : Just received Silent Star  love it and will review it next week.
Thanks.
1.
What Inspired You To Dance?
2 .
What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up?
3 .
Celebrity Crush?
4.
Favorite Type Of Music ?
can i help u
hot tamales make u jolly
BREAKING: Dick Clark dead at 82, according to TMZ.
I LOVE AUSTIN MAHONE,PROBLEM?????????
3
Cleopatra for book club, also doctorma: an Actor's Education by John Lithgow are my fridayreads.
Saving romances for Irene.
Sharp white cheddar YuMM
ikr they are amazing.
I've been reading them ever since I found her blog xD
All that we behold is full of blessings.
William Wordsworth
Holtby is a god...
He is the future and I thank him.
I have no words for many other players and coaches on that team.
u never lied smh I cant wait for it to be over
sorry you had to witness the massacre of that pizza last night...
I have a problem
along w/ appreciate the love!!
my kid just did it had to pick sims for last one when her answer was no:  sending it to our kids now
First day of no school:
I can't freaking sneeze...
Update: Caps vs.
Pens game 1 now on Saturday at 1PM.
Happy New Year to all of my followers.
Hoping you have happiness and motivation to change your doctorams into reality in 2012.
i love jordan so much3
RT : A sunny Cinco de Mayo is underway with mostly doctor conditions.
Temperatures will be hot in the upper 80s this afternoon
Thanks for the feedback.
We simply opted to go with the terminology used in the headline of the article.
Oh god it's the worst
The traffic I have to sit thru on Cicero just to get me a sandwich from Potbelly's
Lol imagine 25 hours a day?
How would you spend it?
So Much HW to be DONE!
Best feeling!
Don't forget to share haha.
I got some too 
You should check out Terror behind the walls at eastern state penitentiary in Philly
Getting ready to go dark for EarthHour at 8:30.
Candles ready on the patio.
Listen to podcast.
Today's episode features The Santa Clause and Punkin Chunkin.
Metro, why you gotta make me late to the TeamPike meeting?
New lyric video coming out today...
Yayyyy 
Well if it makes you feel any better know that praying for you so that you'll be happy once things change
Evidently ESPN no longer bothers to talk to Les Miles for a quote.
They just broadcast his Twitter feed.
Lmao RT : MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf she knew I was walking around time square intoxicated as fuh with
I'm going to assume the ride in my pimp car is what did it for you.
Yes  study done at Mt.
Sinai.
Sorry to hear son failed with muffin.
Hopefully with time he will outgrow it!
so what is your instagram cause...I kinda didn't follow you.....lmaoo
do you remember the early GOP debates when they were talking about health ?
The audience would clap loudly w/talking cuts.
It's more expensive at Campos but Chipotle opens at 11 
At midnight I saw the sun shining with a splendid light; 
Damn right.
Can't think of a Soderbergh movie that was interesting.
thank you!
RT
First personal training session begins today!
wns, but she'll always be my sister.
Eastern.
As in five minutes from now.
Tune in!
Happy Birthday!
RT I am now the answer to life, the universe, and everything.
Looking for a job?
Posting on Facebook tomorrow.
Boone county comp hiring

aha, Girl dnt worry !
I got this !
So im about to run out of gas...
I should have followed my gut instinct!!!!
Ugh!!!
I promise you, if you chill with my ex friend, she'll fucks with you literally for three dollars.
I do love that the panel was scheduled for opening night of THE AVENGERS.
Gas prices have never been higher.
Unemplyment continues to be high.
I am SHOCKED to see a next to Obama's name.
YEEEEAAAAAAHH!!!
RT : It's movein day!
I know....
y'all SUCK!
Can't believe y'all are all abandoning me :
Tolerance.
Sounds so easy when in fact it is so difficult!
Sorry Facebook, Twitter and I have a better relationship its not u...
wait it is u
That is a glorious song to have in your head!
I think we should take the Carolina road trip this season!!!
!Kool will c!:
Congrats on your new venture!
Aren't there any REAL people on Twitter anymore?
It's either all business or pleas to follow other people!
USC, hurry up.
If you're a guy you'll probably never receive a text from me first, unless its me asking an important question.
RT : Matt Kalil excited to play in the great city of Minnesota.
I'm sure they'll work on that ...
Legs question.
Sheer pantyhose black, clear, or no pantyhose?
it's weird because my mom says those kind of things to me, but she thinks they're adorable.
like, wuut.
...i'm long dickin like m m m when i get on
I just ran into my elementary school librarian.
Like you do.
I'm feeling like a million bucks
My landlord emailed me today that if I need till the first I'm cool, that said, I think I can get a workout in tonight!
: U...
I wanna see!
I watched pom and it looked good!
I love spreading time with
Michelle Obama's Spain vacation cost taxpayers nearly 470G, watchdog group claims  Fox News via
Very excited for an upcoming event we are participating in, here in Colorado Springs...
Will update as details become available!
That dude Chase Carraro killing It for Denver.
really??
you automatic lol
Oh...
yes!
Tara snagged that one!
Its Monday People Let's get this day started.
Peace
You, too!!
One step closer to the weekend :
may god have mercy on us if izturis the man for now....
Austin must be so excited about tomorrow lol
Studying at college is fun, sometimes not, thus, take as much advantage as possible of the knowledge provided, never be afraid to take risk.
You fight with the ones that you love most, that's how you know they truly care.
they better
They better win!
Clippers be getting lucky.
This movie Death Race good but cruel..
Parents: 'School is your job!' Really?
How come I don't get paid?
Guilty as Charged along with beer  wine flavored snow ones!: Raise your hand if you've ever had a pickle flavored snow cone.
Art in the lobby of the Tehran Hilton by Madi Lanier, a Jewish refugee from Berlin who worked as a window doctorsser in NY....
Early meeting.
Better than a late meeting the day before a holiday, I guess.
Ugh I want to go back to sleep;
sometimes lipstick solves everything thanks to Shauna Curtis for the reminder, so true!
hows it going?
Note to  I used your blades for the 1st time today  and they aren't any good.
They're Fin' great.
Yeah!
Patriots!
My nigga im faded and
: Watching Entourage reruns...
Weakness lol  that's my favorite show who is your favorite
Make this a super Sunday and come on out to the Hawthorne Burgerville for lunch or dinner to support the Muscular Dystrophy Association.
Shout out to Anna from Florida!
10
Everyone is walking like zombies 0
I believe in reincarnation because no one can be as stupid as you in a lifetime.
LMAO ;
far as safeties go tho kinda big doctorp off in talent after Mark Barron and Harrison Smith
she's flawless!
:
See you tonight at 8 in the Living Room.
MY EMOTIONS WHERE ALL OVER THE PLACE AFTER SEEING IT.
Gonna try to save up some money to buy a new iPod Touch, because I'm really starting to want one...
Happy Monday to you!
Thank you for following!
love you too
: Excited to see a new season of gets better and more artistic every season love it!
Getting ready to see Festen at St.
Ann's Warehouse.
Stage version of Von Trier's Celebration.
hi i m Zori :and u
Happy birthday.
Hope you enjoyed you day and live to see many more.
Ah no my throat huuurrttss
RT : To paraphrase what was once written about Raymond Chandler, LevonHelm sang as if pain hurt and life mattered.
Godspeed.
Well you have competition.Our friend Lenne Laguire of Elle Elle produced a crawlworthy blueberry jam, a figvanilla bean jam  a chutney
I randomly just got up to clean my room....
Thank you for caring for me.
Smiles softly at 
Eventually the polls will be narrowed down but it is VERY IMPORTANT to get OUT V O T E it does COUNT
We are going to miss our senior footballers.
We wish you all the best and dont forget to join FHF when you graduate!
THE FUTURE IS BULLETPROOF, THE AFTERMATH IS SECONDARY, ITS TIME TO DO IT NOW AND DO IT LOUD, KILLJOYS MAKE SOME NOISE.
Special 75 for 1000 4x6 glossy flyers, double sided no shipping charge  20 11x17 postersThis will not last long.......
nice!
Are you riding shot bun?
Ha
lol.
You weren't really doctorving a car, were you?
indeed, sir.
indeed
What a beautiful day....
: no traffic...
Oh and the weather is amazing as well :
Unproductive 2 RT : Productive stupidity means being ignorant by choice
No dude should ever text another dude the word, hey
fa real?
damn Madden curse strikes again
How was the walk ?
me thinks I shall today!
Around 4
Friday the 13th..Could it be the luckiest day ever?
Usually is for me!
Yea it's scary how expensive college is, especially since I'm determined to study abroad
tryna find out where i stay ...bitch i stay wit gunz  JuicyJ 
Opportunity cost.
If you want the book there and now, it costs a bit extra.
insert many expletives here.
follow back kidd :
I have to call my folks.
I know my uncle is somewhere curled up in a corner crying about Chuck.
omfg, you act so fucking innocent like you don't know what the fuck you did!
FUCK OFF GARRETT STOP TWEETING ME.
I can't begin to explain how pumped I am for the WalkingDead tonight.
Grammys are one thing, but Jared Jeffries will be talking about  on Sports Xtra on Fox 5 NY at 10:30 EST
Twelve Americans recieve prescribed marijuana from the U.S.
government
17 days!
EEk!
It's official!
The SFPD are enforcing the new sit/lie ban in sf.
Between 7am11pm, no sitting on the sidewalks!
What are your thoughts?

I live for that kinda stuff!
you got season tickets?
nice
After quietly stalking the sandwich for miles through the dense forests, the housecat feasts on its query.
Did you ever read the Falstaff as the overman section in Ruin The Sacred Truths?
Its center is Falstaffian aggression.
Thanks guys.
Ankle pain and feet galloping to pieces but mission accomplished
Thanks for coming and to the IIA 2012 Kickoff!
What goes in doctor but comes out wet, the longer it is in the stronger it gets, what am i...
A tea bag that's what you were thinking of.
right
Cathedoctorl Square already has its Christmas lights in the works!
What do you think?
How early is too early for holiday decorations?
Fourpeaks Creative Leaders Dinner at Pearl Jam guitarist's Studio Litho.
To discuss: what is the next step for the Pacific Northwest?
Just watched star wars with my son for the first time ever.
I cried, seems rational.
Thanks...
Can't wait to watch.
those times when your mind take over..
SFL Event professor: Join the Greater Miami EPA Chapter!
Let's build our biz's together.
Any q?
Ask
At creative mornings with
There is snow on my lawn ghosts!
What?!
H4H had a great first build day.
Thanks for all the members who came out.
Kicking this semester off with a bang
and will be in the building tomorrow at Palm Gardens for the All White Fight Night...BE THERE!!!
If i was as perfect as , i would crucify myself
I don't really follow any famous celebs but your as real as it gets when it comes to being down to earth!
You alright with me!
to what end?
RT : If you missed it, it's a gem  decadesold Calvin  Hobbes comic succinctly explains
Thanks for the love!
I too don't think of home improvement projects as never ending.
More never starting.
DAMN STR8...it is of the chain  it is in the strip district in Pitt.GOTTA have 1they opened 1 in FtLaudthank GOD!
:
New Now text awards on Thursday!!: No school friday ABDC premiere on Saturday!: looks like its going to be a great week
Brain Floss: Several studies have found that black or green tea has antibacterial powers that help prevent cavities and gum disease.
: Brownie batter  brownies.
Just like choco chip cookie dough  choco chip cookies
wait til I get finish eatin k
That last RT was phenomenal.....classic!.
I f?in hate my life so much.
The one thing i want 2 do w my life which is medicine i cant do bc of my stupid OCD.
I just wonder whats goin on after u leave someplace like if your missin anything
Hm...I shall take the silence as a NO, Lisa, you DON'T get to meet me.
walks away rejected :C
Bought a new phone charger
Can't wait till midnight.
Asking Alexandoctora's new short film and song.
Enjoyed spending some time with my guys and
Going back to last Friday it has been raining everyday either going to or coming home from work...I can't deal anymore
Set four alarms tomorrow for morning.
Just to be safe.
Bitch fit time
Hope you all have a Happy New Year!
get any votes?
my pleasure!
enjoy 'em!
That's a stunning shot.
Thanks for sharing
ahh thank you!!!!
Glad you like it!
3
I haven't!
what are your thoughts on it?
RT : Ever heard of ?
If so, thoughts?
Me too!
It was like they just wanted to be able to laugh while grading the essays this summer.
Nothing like doctornking half a bottle of wine straight from the bottle.
It's great!
MT : Have I mentioned how much I love the online Autism/ Aspergers community?
B/c I do.
Thank you for existing.
My mother always whispers words like birth control and tampons
