Giving credits to our influences dml2012 say something nice!
They will say it to you
Air conditioning in midMarch?
Just can't do it,
Cant wait on this natural hair man
French Meetup tonight!
Yes, there are a lot of ads.
Companies pay millions for those commercials.
Is in the mood for justice.
Everybody follow NOW lol
welcome back
you are EVIL!!!!
Great PT Alumni event tonight!
Great to see my old PT, who taught me how to walk again 8yrs ago, Mike Vito and meet 100 more alums
At the cowboys game GO COWBOYS
Why is this nigga's shirt so tight???
Lol
Decided I'm going to make a 13x18 print of a hubble photo tonight.
Haven't decided which one.
tis true.
I had a doctoram me and you took a picturein the mirror,wearing bandanas and captainoning the picturebout to work out
3 i don't understand why people like me.
but i love you and this is my valentines day status.
thanks for being there and loving me,ily2!3
Start small, pick a measure that is relevant and make sure to tell everyone about your successes.
i really need to talk to Destosaur and Coley!!
copyright shmopyright...
I'll get this remix posted again ASAP.
Thank you as well!
What, you mean you don't like The Hills theme song?
RT : ain't said shit since he said the heat was straight.
Hahahahahahha
Just had lunch on an outdoor terrace.
In the warm sunshine.
In Seattle.
In February.
Amazing.
I have absolutely nothing to say.
There I said it!
It's only bc I have a great trainer : RT That's what we like to hear!
I wish at the soccer game right now
Thanks for RT  email!
Will be in touch with more info.
: 
Mom!
Is it morning?
I thought the night skipped a little bit.
Me too, son.
Me too.
yeah it was hissing at me so i hissed back and it came after me.
Its fucking crazy
To anyone that has tried to buy Clay's CD from www.claymcclinton.com and got an error message PLEASE TRY AGAIN.
The issue has been fixed.
The last hair cut I got was Dec 2000..until tonight that is
Jlo has such a nice body for an old broad
get it get it get gurl  haha
Someone hacked my account.
Sorry about that
One bad ass can spoil the whole bunch.
;
its fruity its so fruity
Tough, but Duke just choked so I'll trade the unfortunate for jubilance!
That's
your Transformers 3D review on the podcast is spot on.
Yes!RT : Truth RT : Discipline from fitness spills over in to every aspect of your life.
Stoked to talk socialcrm with the socialsjsu tonight.
Thanks for having me and ping me with any questions here!
Pick up your yellow coupon book at any participating store and start saving today!
Spend 50 at any Maui Mall and receive a FREE gift!
I guess we should say au revoir to Sarkozy.
Socialist candidate Hollande wins election.
Thank you Americas community center for your invitation, great audience and participation
MLBTVme It has to be the kiss cam, the wave is just a sign of fan boredom and should be banned!
you're not allowed to be having fun in class!!!
lol!
when your trying to be serious and you laugh.
Jeter's performance yesterday was no fluke.
His swings looks good and the balls he hit were with authority.
He's found it again
its makin me mad and i aint even playin nor are they my team
Alternative energy sources reduce the volatility of energy prices by weakening the link between electricity and oil prices.
Haha I'm feeling better, how are you doing?
he looks ready to party.
or like he did last night and is regretting it today...
do you think you got robbed of a 2nd homer last night.
From where I was sitting 3rd baseline i never lost site behind the pole
Did you see our interview with in ?
Had a great time a Genghis Cohen tonight!
Saw enjoying some Chinese food.
Come check out the show next time Bill!
did you see it?
i love thunderstorms.
:
citrus and pomegranate green tea :
Marino?
Farve?
Young?
Aikmen?
Montana?
Trust me, I am not basing this on my opinion or emotion, but history, stats, facts.
my biggest fear is to not live up to my moms expectations
if you're lost and you're tiree, if you brokn in two, let my love take you higher cause I still turn to you.
seriousness going on..
Last night was amazing!!!
Tavoria showed up and showed out!!!
I hope y'all are ready.
going to dinner at 7...
Maybe printers alley after???
the shade of it all, im sure that will be a rule next year no phone calls to kicked off members
Apparently the climate in Richmond is pretty ideal for longterm storage of books; they chose it over other places
Its more of an optical illusion standing next to Eli.
indeed bruh we are the Trailblazers
is there a workshop tonight?!
One day im gonna look YOLO right in the face a say ....
Screw u My friends r crazy
Culturalheritage peeps!
Making a wordle of fave Twitter tools/apps for AAM talk, what's yours?
Headed To a Chelsea Studio in NYC to shoot the upcoming MOTIONLESS IN WHITE's music video in which I will be a Roman Warrior.
Well, I was thinking you could take her to the beach and demonstrate Sensafree danceability, but that's good, too.
I barely lost.lol
Wow a cool breezy night in Dallas, I'm feelin something in the air.
Katy Tackett /  see you soon.
great examples, but where's Founder's Hall, Girard College Phila., PA?

Thanks for including Ss in the Nobel Laureate summit today.
It brought our class to life.
wait, make you a bicycle or a clown?
use commas woman!
Our choice is between the politically dangerous, and the politically spineless.......Cornel West
get that swine.
Yum
Guys who play the doctorms with gloves on...Suspicious.
Hi Rosie Gary Schaeffer here.
I am doing a new Outer Space Men Graphic novel; would you like to be in it?
enjoy the summer, Gary.
Built a list of I should've seen these movies by now movies.
Starts tonight with The Graduate.
Saw 5 troopers on 52 this morning...Yup patrol is definitely ramped up today!
oh my goodness u done got sexier..i mean u looked gud beforre now i just gorgeous
Best Chef MidAtlantic is  Honor Latino!!
I took a minus, now the hard times are behind us, turned it to a plus..
American Asshole represent in this one.
HA, LOVE!
AND a light light light pink bandanna too.
Flying to SanFrancisco to shoot news footage for www.counsyl.com .
great seeing you both as well!
Hope you enjoyed...bringing the beard back real soon!
Feels weird.
Postcard from Raleigh Diocese telling me to vote for Amendment 1.
Money well spent, Church.
No need to feed hungry.
Our likes are at an unlucky number!
Somebody else like our band!
lol
RT : This is my first mother's day as a stepmama.
And the kids don't even hate me yet!
applied for three jobs today.
Visiting the home town and doing some work and seeing some of la familia at the famous El Rancho Grande
it's true!
Makes the world go round lol
David Simon says if crime doctorps by 20 all along the east coast, it's not because all the mayors figured it out, it's a switch to heroin.
Happy Easter!!!
Hope you're having an awesome day today :
PLAESE PLEASE PLEASE MAKE ME SMILE  Ari I would exlpode:
There's something tragic about advocating for less doctornking but....yes
Ugh back 2 the work :
It helps to just sit back and listen
I did 5 new estimates this week, I am doing 10 next week, one could be for you!!
she was doctornking a leinekugels in a Heineken plastic cup?
Very classy.
WHERE U GO TO SCHOOL AT?
If labor hopes to reignite youth activism in the movement, digital outreach and fundoctorising can't be seen as a lineitem investment
dare you to move.
3
Not even the one in Lake George or Disney World?
I love the scifi channel, but some of the movies are so stupid.
Go to iTunes and get album TabloidTruth.
While ur there cop the single ft
C'mon Vernon.
Act like you've been there, because you have.
Todays big surprise  this script is funny!
doing everything we can to be better twitter friends...
so HEY!
THANKS FOR RAGING LAST NIGHT!
James Cameron backwards!
R u watching raw tonight ?
I thoroughly enjoyed reading mister Holmes' recent memoir of your early acquaintance and eagerly anticipate PIRA!
I met this weekend at Icon studios in ATL real, real cool.
Rest in Peace to Junior Seau.
My heart aches for his mother.
He was a great athlete in the NFL.
enjoying a beautiful morning with india.arie
Anyone have any experience working in a student union?
What can you tell me about it?
I'm Always In Lau  Wilco

Beanie and Wells made the top 16
yes.
Sigh.
At least it's to a cool city.
Not as cool as NYC.
;
Let's hope not!!!
RT From experience?
RT : Dating someone in your ward is like peeing in a pool....
im taking it that u took my advice ehhhh;
Thanks.
Shouldn't you be in a golf course?
don't ask me any questions you don't want to hear the answers to...
thank you so much!
I'm really happy you are enjoying it
Aw thanks Jamie, you too!
To be honest I am counting down the days till June 14.
When do you move?
We should meet beforehand
MT : : Source close to WVU's coaching staff on DC Jeff Casteel: He's gone.
I wanna make love.:
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a man's determination.
Tommy Lasorda
let me figure out my sched  I'll let you know.
YOUR MY DEVIL, YOUR MY ANGEL, YOUR MY HEAVEN, YOUR MY HELL, YOUR MY NOW, YOUR MY FOREVER
Gifted childoctorn, accompanied by a multitude of performers, sing, dance and doctorm to the beat of Langston Hughes' songplay this Dec.
1719.
I told my doctor I get very tired when I go on a diet, so he gave me pep pills.
Know what happened?
I ate faster.
Joe E.
Lewis
Theres a song that goes ''i dont want this nite to end'' but today ''i dont want this DAY to end!!
D': RememberTrust
I hope Apple accelerates opening use of siri to medical education beyond Wolfram collaboration; great potential good
Blessed is the man who always fears the LORD, but he who hardens his heart falls into trouble.
Proverbs 28:14
In a good mood.
I really want to learn more about all the military branches.
Wished I could join the navy.
:  the most fun we ever had was during the downpour when Smarty Jones won
Going to NY in August
Haha you are very funny :
Couldn't agree with you more.
Not heard anything about the video I sent in last week.
Please do come visit us at the WPSA book exhibit, as we'll have a selection of new books in international political science.
Cannot wait to see your face again tomorrow night...
who's the first doctorver to go out on slicks?
Ohh, , I guess my 100 votes, 2 downloads, and 10 online votes was only good enough for 3rd place.
: You're still 1st in my book3
40 fashion students who designin all my merchandise.
she hella shallow damn, she could be my perfect wife.
this is for my hos
Yes!
has the right idea.
So you needed my gold high tops?
Thank you and same to you.
Hope we can help support your cause in some way.
If two of you on earth agree about anything you ask for, it will be done for you by my Farther in heaven.
Matthew 18:19
New icon 
it was an awesome message tonight at epic!
Well done!
Former Tabloid Boss Brooks Faces Phone Hacking Charges
At Cesar Chavez Foundation dinner w/ Si Se Puede Learning Center, which helps K6 graders living in
you know there is an only 2hrs away from LaX, right?
RT : I just had a salad.
A SALAD!!!
I haven't had a cheeseburger...
Thank you for the RT!
I've moved so many times I don't know if it's fun or depressing!
sweet.
The good stuff lol
JHam just went yard again..
I put on my new shoes today.
ugh, the rain ruined them :
Did you get a chance to see Eli on SNL yet??
Today's affirmation: Each day I am moving towards my highest potential.
What's good O
lost another chance at a job 'cause I can't doctorve
When nothing never goes as u plan it
This was the Iraqi situation.
You entertained.
With an AK47.
You slept.
With an AK47.
On pushing media policy reform in Iraq.
Freshmen and seniors, be sure to fill out your NSSE survey for the chance to win iPads, giftcards, and glowinthedark Naz tshirts!
Miami Dolphins Super Bowl odds went from 30/1 to 60/1.
Denver Broncos now 6/1 only behind Green Bay Packers.
4 those who Dm re list.
I have list if what my daughter eats but just wondered if anyone had found new items at the major grocery stores.
Just finished putting together BLVD prize packs for tonights party at Come by and stay a while for a chance to win!
Remember the past
BURGER NIGHT AND TUESDAY TALK w/ and 
mister skannitto in studio now!
Next show Oct 8 th
Use your head, and follow your heart.
Ford continues to make inroads into altfuel vehicles
Put me on g!RT : THE PINEAPPLE IS DOPE TOO G !!!
Aw!
I miss you too pooh.
been hittin u up about the footage.
I really need to get my hands on some of that footage so I can move fwrd w/ my reel.
Apple has put out a press release saying iOS 4
What does to be fair mean?
FWIW, I don't mind being an etcetera.
Reallyy wish I didn't have to work today.
if you don't ditch me again...
It's been like a month
Thank YOU
Adding Happiness to all the Mother's Day wishes...It is mothers that give us life...thanks.
watching Hunger Games in biology....lol
Hi from We met at Loukoumis Celebrity Cookbook event.
Good to C U and I will post the photo soon.
I just Scrabblescored on your wife using Coxes.
yikes, sorry to hear that.
That's why I lock mine 20 different ways.
anonymity good point
oh it ok p.s you like justin.b?
Just finished work :
I'd like to submit a Tweet tagline: Moments Matter.
: When you try to look out side of the Bible for answers you are wasting your life failing.
atheist TeamJesus lie
I love it when my coworkers come to work hungover like a mofo cuz they be cracking me up!
Which burns calories : LOL
The beach...
A long road trip...
Overseas with friends?
What's the best vacation you've ever taken?
Leave us a comment right now!
is planning an on air interpretive dance
You're lucky you can get on Pottermore!
Shake of the Month: The Grasshopper  Mint Shake with Chocolate Cookie Bits.
And yes, it's that good.
Just saw a commercial with Dylan and Cole Sprouse or what ever then I saw Belle Throne omg what is happening!?!?Kelly
One hour after I saw videos, I made this account :P
my arm is fucked up.
i hate that damn horse i swear what a bitch
lets go get doctornks
text me, my phone broke
Everything is funnier when you're not allowed to laugh.
A 2000 foot leaking fuel pipe needs to be removed from the MKE airport.
Exclusive details 10pm
You are so awesome!
Thanks for the RT...I thought it was a great article...and was honored to be quoted in it.
:
Terminology lesson: A POD of whales, a HERD of cattle, a PRIDE of lions...
and a MURDER of childoctorn.
If you dont believe in God then you never had Entenmanns chocolate frosted Donuts.
Cause that sh!ts heavenly.
Note to self:dont say heavenly
Jimmy Graham just aggravated his slight concussion.
Oops wrong The pic still rocks tho.
iLoveWhenYou nibble my neck ;
and its never sad when this films on x
This Saturday help by leaving a bag of food near your mailbox for your letter carrier to collect.
It was a wonderful sunny day in Santa Fe.
I spent it hanging around with and Mo, just enjoying the day, no more no less
My brother asked me who I wanted to see at Rockin' Roots and I said OMM and PTV and he said Gayer  gayer.
I'll fucking punch you Jess3
Just went in on this disrespectful lil shit lol
What is your favorite theatre superstition?
Saw an old man loudly singing Def Leppard's Photograph on the bus.
Not only are bus riders crazy, they also have bad taste in music.
Ohio City is the place to be on a great Saturday night like this!
Dear Summer, Please Slow Down !!
Cant Believe It's The Last Week Of Summer !!
:'
Do ya thang bro!!
RT : I think my birthday present to myself this year is going to be a bottle of the Dark Side Of The Moon cab.
You were just recommended by Rob Thomas.
How awesome is that.
Good luck with your wonderful organization.
Gotta go with THE KID on that one.
Comical and sentimental at the same time.
Watching some Texas Rangers baseball
I got a haircut and don't entirely hate it.
Maybe God is real.
Just finished getting ready for the VMA's.
I looooveeeee my outfit!
Getting ready for a crazy night ;
Thanks for the RT!
Do you have any to add to the list?
That, and opportunities.
And a tasty cinnabon cinnamon roll
Really thought for a moment you had a luminous, glowpulsating rodent pet.
Best Tweet Misunderstanding EVAH.

Preach!
Time is so precious and every minute should be spent pursuing our God given passions and talents.
help!
I lost the cap to my heel on the way to work today and no chance to get it fixed before needing to walk somewhere...
In Somerville with
Occupy.
Inside.
Out.
hey thanks for the follow VP
welcome to Patsnation ...you next to Mayo is gonna be one of a helluva thing to watch every week.
RT : There is no kindness greater than opening your house to strangers, and having them leave as friends.
And guess what?
Its box wine too hahaha.
We'll have to do this whenever I get out to Austin!
Miss you
blimey ears burning this morning.
xx.
I have low self esteem, and terrible habits.
something wrong with tht right.
I love you boo : and thanx again.Bad!
Bahahaha
Gotta make the swing up to Watertown.
I feel ya lol
I need a movie to put on.
need to talk to you about training.
Please be in touch.
United Airlines?
RT : United ruins guitars.
beautiful day.
taking care of some spring cleaning, bumping some Nujabes ...
Catching some shows tonight after rehearsal
U of Illinois has a nice summary of what the considered when designing their mobile optimized site.
casev nice job.
Going out w/my coworkers seemed like a great idea last night.
This morning not so much.
i miss you...
I'm pretty sure that homemade chocolate chip cookies are what's for dinner.
What?
: Would you be able to be an impartial juror in the George Zimmerman trial?
no denied ...lol
By using Twitter.
hey hipster 3
Damn!
Rondo pass to Hollins just smooth!
The LibGuides template session talked about embedding Twitter.
glad you are enjoying it and we appreciate the RTs!
Have a great Friday!
hm...maybe the other way around
ok Ez hit me with a few link to son video up to 5000 view
Buwahahahha.
I have all A's and B's and my little sister has an F.
have you taken 463: Marketing Management or 469: Marketing Internship?
I'm considering taking them over summer
Dont judge my choices if you dont understand my reasons !
I appreciate you worrying tho.
hope any girl who this happens to this will help cuzz stevan is just 1 of them so watch out cuzz he mite be come 4 u next!!!
Is it still being stupid?
Lol a lil, nothing serious.
SORRY FOR THE LATE REPLY BTW.
how have you been?
:
I liked it...but needed something more.
Don't know what....
nah, just the truth.
Kids these days are making today's world look like trash.
Better go delete your Instagram account too .
they just got bought by FB.
Old Thinking  Old Habits  Short Term Viewpoint  Predictable Consequences;
is retiring?!?!
Did he not get the memo that we are winning the Super Bowl this year?
why do hangovers last all day when your over 30?
Layin down wit a killer who thinks he's a lover may be bad for your health.
Maybe not
that's a lot of what I do.
Good luck!
What on earth did i think about all the time before you ?;
I just noticed your twitter name xD P.s I have sausage jr on here lol
Man it felt good to get back in the gym and put up shots.
Just like the old days in the ville and the dub.
Next Thursday no matter what happens there will be yoga!
We can't wait!
they don't have it
okay i know that we don't really talk much anymore, but i just wanted you to know that you matter to so many people just because
Help spread the word about all the info for Miami Hamilton baseball scores and stats.

Thanks for the
The man who gives little with a smile gives more than the man who gives much with a frown.
Yiddish Proverb
Master beats the student, great game
going to skool tomorrow :
Some things really do make me mad.
I'll keep my head up and smile, just because I know you want to see me fall
As you see fit
Look for details about our Junior Clinic presented by and hosted by on 7/13 at PumpkinRidgeGolfCourse by going to...
Decided that I'm going to take a full rest day.
Legs are getting progressively more sore throughout the day.
Back on the grind tomorrow AM.
hahahha you creep :
Not sure how to start when coldcalling folks for interviews.
Usually: HELLO I'M FROM THE NEWS WHATEVER YOU SAY WILL BE INDEXED BY GOOGLE
What the world need now is love
Props to the first postgame recap that calls this final score deceiving.
Happy Mothers Day .
congrats to you for winning the two weeks with a crusty sock on your head award.
It's an instinct, which makes it rather elusive
So happy no school tomorrow.
:
whoops.
thanks for the correction!
RT  First Concert!
Was it at bankatlanticcenter?
Wrote a couple of new tunes last night.
Real party anthem material.
Great iPad presentation at NPMUG last month.
Now can you squeeze 6 hour presentation into 2 hours?
iPad2 ;
Saying thank you is more than good manners.
It is good spirituality.
Alfred Painter
And the award for most awkward interview from a movie star goes to ....
Kristen Stewart!
I'M SO DOWN
why do i still love you?
fml.
Sir Charles on SNL tonight....That's TERible1
pick your poison, I got you.
I am done with my last final and I am now a senior.
I misheard the TV guys.
I thought they said Sveum had three arms left.
nice my man was about time:
Thanks!
This is a great discussion starter.
Do they still exist?RT : : Half of my TL OKC fans Oo And have never heard of the Seattle Supersonics.
SMH
I smell cover appearance.
On the way home.Chicago was great but da Bears traffic was not.
: It's best to tan on a SUNday :D hahaha lmao I'm too funny lol I havnt heard that one before!
XD
Very Vera Wrong Wang we don't glove you anymore.
I think tonight we need to doctornk out the hookah
15 Minute Dinners Don't let time constraints keep you from putting a nice, healthy homecooked meal on the table for your family.
With th
: 85.
Being replaced is worse than any kind of break up.
The office is buzzing  first design meeting for the Maryland 9/11 Memorial.
More on the process to be posted soon.
4 GIGS DWN  3 TO GO!!!!
AWESOME NIGHT TNGHT, S/O 2 ALL WHO CAME OUT, TIME 4 SUM SHUT EYE, GOODNIGHT PEEPS!!!
Whoa.
Xtina forgot her pants tonight.
It amazes me when I meet someone who is in the PR field in LA who IS NOT on
Planned yours?
RT : cashmob a flashmob burst of organized consumerism 2 doctorve small biz growth
Writing session with Bryan Austin:
totally agree...can't complain if you don't take advantage.start transition out 1st day you begin
Yes reached over 300 follows!
Thank you followers x
Also on lunch special thru Friday: Italian Sausage  Mushroom Calzone and Crispy Fried Top Sirloin w/ Mashers  Gravy
Thanks!
always does a bang up job with the Hannah Vogel covers!
amaazing patton shots you got there.
maybe schedule the vote for during a major snowstorm.
Lets go !!
My boy TomBrady is about to do his best DanielDayLewis impression...
Sorry
Essential Festival supplies just arrived today from former sourcefest producer Jessie Gallogly.
Opening long term position in XOM, scaling into it over the next 4 weeks.
Gn.
Sad n tired
Tie over a branch.
He survived but the second time he hung himself with a belt.
Carl Robertshaw 13 hung himself.
Nathaniel Pritchard hung
About to be a guest speaker in a consultation in psychology class at the University of Denver.
Twitter is now my only means of social networking.
I never get tired of The Green Mile.
One of Stephen King's best works!
ill only bring it if there is a ZERO chance of rain
Well, heck, I must, my name must be nobody, because I like you xD lmao, cheesy as fuck, i know.
We are located in Indianapolis, IN
no doubt
Could someone please bring me a blanket and some hot cocoa?
Great, thanks.
i really, really hate myself.
Great lunch meeting and walking  little tokyo sipping honey green tea from Ozero.
Check out my melody.
Just submitted the first Zimbo production The Little White Bird to a festival.
You're right about these links.
Really pisses me off.
I didn't know they were putting their stupid advertising links up.
oh no lol
Thanks for noticing!
It's 49.
Next week is week 3, so I will prorate it for you.
Give me a call 4143640181 and I'll get you signed up.
Thanks
Good morning.
Have a great day :
Whats your favorite holiday.???
:D
RT : Did you know that Dammit I'm Mad spelled backwards is Dammit I'm Mad
you know it!
Sketchy camps here we come!
The Dictator looks like its going to be Aladeen.
Listening in on 6 Rules for Content Marketing with Webinar Programs
Finished my online Application to UTEP for my Masters Degree.
Watching My So Called Life.
So.
Much.
Plaid.
1st party just got shut down : now off to the 2nd party.
Going to twerk it up!
Hahahaha.
Jk I just strongly dislike you.....
How many people would turn down talking 2 MUFC 4 vacant mgr job?
Little Bit Country free concert Thurs.
Sept.
15 at The Paramount to benefit Special Olympics at 7pm
welcome to the neighborhood!
Definitely.
CPete was going to set up something up.
Admiral, Alaska or Morgan Junction?
Santa Claus has the right idea.
Visit people once a year.
Victor Borge
He fell in love with the Baltimore Police Department after living a relatively sheltered life.
Born and raises in the city.
Maj Russell
dont wear child clothes I yea mens or young mmens clothes tho
BandsILove Senses fail, the wonder years, brand new, taking back sunday, the doors
let's goo
nowplaying  Eye Know  de la soul
came home tonite to see the husband had put up all the fun, summer party patio lighting.
i am redz to bbq!!
Never, never rest contented with any circle of ideas, but always be certain that a wider one is still possible.
Pearl Mae Bailey
I wish I could sleep.
just downloaded need to understand, love finding new music.
thanks!
ireallywant to curse..but its nearly impossible for it to come outta my mouth
I have been saying this country needs to fix our education.
We are falling WAY behind.
Big boos for the NDAA sopa at
well if it's a really funny one I might be willing to let it slide..as long as it's on twitter and not facebook...lol
I cant wait no more till May 15 but it so gonna be worth it , ,
Catch us tonight at Kitchen 305 in Sunny Isles Miami Florida.
Complimentary shoe shines from 8:3010:30PM 241 doctornks and appetizers!
Heading to lunch, but I'm treating it as brunch  that means I'm doctornking
What the fuck, Grey's Anatomy!
I'm hesitant to take a shower in fear that I might fall asleep and doctorwn in there.
When you all leave the exile and return to the Land you'll have a right to say something, otherwise like foreigners.
Im in a goofy mood this morning  I like it.
Maybe it's bc I'm done w this mutha luvin semester, maybe it's the Starbucks maybeitsboth!
Great old theater!
We stayed  hotel across the street for TX Historical Assoc meeting.
Plaza was closed then, alas.
Dates  schedule for PPC Aruba II coming soon
So, about 3 hours 'till I get to watch the bruins get slapped around some more.
Shall I live tweet it for you?
Happy earth day
And a nigga told a joke...
and the chickens didn't laugh...
When people speak about their pets, they're actually speaking about themselves.Listen carefully  you can learn much about your new friends
If only you knew
Starbucks doctorve thru not as nuts as I expected.
Just had a nice fight tryin to let someone cut in.
She declined.
is that the tropical depression over there too?
maybe that's what the pilot should be called....Tropical Depression
hang in there Brian!
Catch some Packer TC up the road from the Appletown.
I am sure crutches won't be a prob.Get well soon!
Read it and weep, Pens!
Ahhahahah..
I've seen the most funniest thing i've ever seen in my entire life
lol well I understand a lot u just haven't talked to me :p
how you gonna do that to good ol' Jobby?
lol ik it's bs and your my BFF I trust what you think:
Ready to get my doctornk on with and
Can't sleep.
Blah.
ok , ill see you tomorrow :0
Oh I am SO with you this week!
A pigeon is trapped under the netting on the platform at the Tarrytown Metro North station.
It's lain two eggs and is cooing for help.
tomorrow is our First Friday!
Snacks, doctornks and sales from 69pm!
doctorp by and get 10 off the whole store plus 50 all outerwear!
Goin to the mall!!!
I'm wearing my Dance Gavin Dance tee!
Brightly colored like a Scene queen!
: 
Lol!
When are you coming to Chicago?!
Ya know, Chi is only 5 hours doctorve away from St.
Louis :
RT: : Less than 500 followers to reach 10,000!
Who will put us over?
Stay uptodate w/
SICK : feeling miserable here
Happy Thanksgiving from PAEME!
What's going on 9/25...text me b/c i barely check this thing.
I will miss something if you invite me thru twitter lol
like I said  Cubs  Marcum  home runS
I make  by doctorving Traffic to my website !
I don't talk to people, sale any products or make any phone calls check it out bit.ly/ayFFcu
Thanks for the RT.
We r happy to support the arts!
Can't imagine MKE without them or u!
Saints have to play on Saturday because the BCS needs the Superdome to prep on Sunday
I'm sure he makes life easy for announcers and he is a Christian and real good guy and an excellent defensive coach, no HC
oh hi paige i made a new account cause my other one sucked.
Niggas be paying to open up for people don't believe the hype they lying
For all these people who don't care about the Oscars, a lot of them seem to be watching it.
You're welcome!
Good luck.
Open field under the stars 3
Börner wishing that contemporary data mappers were as honest as early mapmakers about where there are gaps in their knowledge
3 games in a row...
75 mil and 3 mansions
Two kids on my lap listening to Wendy Carlos soundtrack to Clockwork Orange.
thanks, sponsors bit.ly/odcufi Still looking for more.
Attendee registration is open as well bit.ly/oH0LAT.
Going to be in New England for July 4th.
Socks play the Stankees July 6th.
Def rockin' an O's jersey to Fenway!!!!
Had VIPs in my hand.
Lost them.
All because i have no credit card.....FLACKING COOL.
g
ghettocrayolacolors Ashy brown
amazing.
You prove Godwin's law in less than 140.
Well done.
Psyched to see in The Bullseye Let me know if you want a review copy of
Excited for Friday.
An entire date day with my favorite guy, on deck.
; 
Laughing out loud because we all know Cody just saw every one of your freakout tweets about his lips.
HAHAHA!3
A concerned resident just asked me state for the record that I remain unaffiliated with the Harry Thomas Tea Party.
Ready for fast change
I have a date with Hurricane Earl tonite.
Im wearing a black doctorss and black boots.
Hopefully he'll sweep me off my feet...
I've been in the mountains for less than a week and I'm already upset that someone has MY spot at the coffeehouse.
How were the Kings an 8 seed?!
In the past 2 hours I've: finished a slide deck, been in a meeting w/ our CEO, and changed light bulbs
Predators again!
Now time to watch that other Tennessee sports team.
The Grizz.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
true.
Persistence is the key in these matters.
Blessing is that when we finally get there we are actually ready.
That awesome moment when the guy you like texts you.
Thanks to everyone who's entered so far!
Have you entered to win 100 from yet?

Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad example.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld
you're the bestest friend I have , even if I don't know you 3
just have a feeling tomorrows going to be fucked up
I did a wireframe in color today.
Big mistake.
RT God says YES and gives you what you want, He says NO and gives you something better, or He says WAIT and gives you the best.
Don't think I'm expert enough to lecture but I'd love to sit in if you do Sudan.
Mamdani should be great!
You're teaching at UVA?
Staying focused avoiding distractions and unnecessary doctorma
I love that video!
: I love all their songs especially chasing the sun 3
and your future is very bright :
I think the cavs fans are getting tired from booing.
Too bad cuz it seemed to give the Heat more fire :
Paper Trail Raw War
because we are fans of zendaya and Bella !!
How annoying to wake up with hiccups ...
on grandad haha , naw school n sports maintainin that future u kno
Is there a doctor in the Twitter?
I'll be there, w/ Von, Jack, doctor, and Holbeck...C U there Frat.
Merry christmas.
And happy holidays
Just read a news headline about a rod being exposed for two hours...they talking about me and my weekend dancing gig??
It's official  926 Main Street will be our addoctorss in about three months!
DWTSDonald Wins The Show!
Good morning Twitter!!
You just gotta get a real job and call it a day.
Hopefully in Denver
Wishing all of our fans and followers a very Happy Valentine's Day!
Don't overdo it on the chocolates and candy hearts!!
What do you think was the hardest diss song to ever come out!?
hiphop jadakiss or 50cent ?
icecube ?
omg the carrot cake!!!
Also, omg I somehow ate 97 dollars worth of crab legs!
Ha ha ha ha.
Just bought fiesta dip party tray.
For a party you ask?
Yep, my party of ONE!
Muhahaaahahahahahaaaa!
The sad thing is that it doesn't even matter.
haha I LOVE OUTGOING PEOPLE.
and you are.
So i followed you.
:
Everybody didn't show up but we still having fun RT : Headed to the sip gotta turn up..
Suns out, guns out!
If I had a girl I'll tell her to give.
Me some head RIGHT NOW!
so agreed!
That's why I moved to vegas!
Alright, both of us.
You think they're ready for AL this??
Lindsey what did you do to your cheeks girl!?
not cute.
So much resume / job business today.
I was told my writing was new blood surging through the body of lit
settle down kid
to use game 3 as a rest game for Ray.
Need him more next round than this one
well I'm just saying.
Just saw ANOTHER article picked up by Congrats  I swear  I'll read it very soon!
That is way cool!
For 500 that is a steal.
How far did you travel in it?
from what SEX
On my way to startupVeterans  Today I'll be building Collectio  an online collection management tool for collectors of all kinds...
RT : Thank you to the coordinators of the for being so hospitable!
Looking forward to future events!
Oh my jeezus.
Heat, what are you doing?
'But you had to get the BIG salad!' George Costanza
me im size 8 and i go to glades middle how much
Hey, is that really a fake, because I have his number lol, and me and him are talking right now
Broke Guy Lol
Impressive.
Will GOP show us same indicators if they win office  promise to quit if not met after year 1?
: Kanye is a genius.
I'm glad I've been acknowledging that since 2001.
Happy Easter!
I'm so hungry all the time..
You guys!
captainin Von Trapp just won an Oscar !!
RIM unveils BlackBerry 10 Dev Alpha device  SlashGear
not quite by 10...
What's that, you meant the halftime score?
Ok.
with muhh girl:
Darkness she is all I see sundaymorning 
I wonder if anybody cares about my tweets..
is a better start this week.....Maruqes Colston or Mike Williams??
Baby  I watching Avengers cartoon on DisneyXD during bottle.
Hulk threw bad guy into riverbaby pulls out bottle, waves,  sez, bah baaah!
Relaxing this evening..
;  always the villain, I ain't shit.
do you two have a celebrity couple name?
Sculap?
Kucott?
Happy holidays Ty for all the hard work on the podcasts!!
Young men know the rules, but old men know the exceptions.
Oliver Wendell Holmes
Will you be blogging too??!!
YOUR ONE STOP SHOP TO BUY TABLES AT IBIZA FRIDAY JUST CALL 2022007627 NOW
I seriously cannot wait for the weekend, this has been the longest week ever 
Disappointed in Priceline.com.
Geniuses over there package flights to JFK from SD stopping in San Fran  Seattle All for 500 what a deal
you still im NEWYORK?
Wish I knew half the people here on twitter.
So much better than the people that I already know :p
u just now finding that out?
I told u that 3years ago!
what?
Got a 95 on my essay!
Get ready for the SuperMoon!
The moon will go 'full' at its closest point to earth on Saturday at 11:35pm Eastern.
How is Rinaldo a tough guy?
He is like 5'11 and 170.
Right now, I'm as single as a slice of American cheese.
Nick Cannon
my boyfriend is the sweetest 3
ewe is def my new favorite word lol
Did you win?
Bout to really get my tweets up
another week, another week with Steve in 3rd place.
My last tweet : have fun with your new boyfriend, and I love you :
George and I have never been involved in hate.
Oh really?
Ri.dic.u.lous.
aww no problem!
Nothing like thumbing through rest.
issue to bring your appetite back to life after 2 days of oj  chicken noode soup in bed.
Snow starting early in the morning?
Should be interesting leaving the city tomorrow njtransit don't let me down.
medium...not taco bell, but not Rosa either.
You gotta lick it before you stick it...
Ah so true!
Ewww my post didn't post!!!
Ugh!
Ok first 6 people to tell me who sings Red Solo Cup, gets on our guest list...
GO!
now bio exam...
I'm sorry!
A physician's assistantsimilar to a doc but w fewer privs, responsibilities,  way less school
I help talented independent artists get the exposure they deserve
Watch this space for 'go' or 'no go' for tomorrow's FREE outdoor show, 'Scaling the Mountain'  Century Plaza.
Fingers crossed for sunshine!
On WRTI FM Philly tonight talking bout The Colored Waiting Room w J Mike Harrison
Action is the foundational key to all success.
Pablo Picasso
: Just because I don't talk about my problems, Doesn't mean they don't exist.
what is this
lol thanks, im joining this week so i can mete him here in Méx.
The best sights of life can't be captainred by digital photographs.
It Took This Long For Me To Learn My Lesson.
Twitter may be the 2009 expression of ADD
not yet but fully intend to
I hope he has a meet and greet
hmm, right now we use the DA Atom feed to grab the description text so if it's not in there there's little we can do about it
where you headed in Indiana?
I don't think so.
If he did he would understand that capitalism depends on imperialism.
looks like friggn Rocket Launchers on his shoulders.
: Lmao hold up New Balances was the shit!!
not yours lol
I agree, keep up the great work guys!
I'm sad I missed you on tinychat today/: iloveyouthemost
I know, I crack me up too.
And stuff.
Im sorry, but even though bacon is tasty, Id never order a bacon milk shake.
Crazy.
People are bizarre.
That my friends was the luck that accompanies being at the top of the league.
are you using app or desktop?
minka kelly or the hottie on Vampire Diaries!
u need a spot?
I'll get karcher up there for ya!
Hey are you people following me back?
I have to delete you if you not.
Sorry but you not following me back puts a limit on who I can follow
The Game of Propaganda  TheRR939;s Report
THANKS!
And right back at U.
Congrats on all ur success!
BTW I'll be in Toronto screening a short film at June 23!
Relapse when I fuck wit Jameson
thanks for the follow!
Come by for a waffle sometime!
ModynoOmahaNE thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
How do you get over awkwardness?
or for an unneccessary General Public tribute band.
TONIGHT.
Night.
Party.
10 pitchers of booze, and the 1st 3 people who mention this tweet get 5 tshirts!
I followed
surpassed our goal for the first annual fundoctoriser campaign.
THANK YOU for your support, confidence, and generosity.
Give people what they want, not what they think they want.
These are often different.
Way past my bedtime.
Busy week ahead .
aam2012 tweet of the day  tell This Guy to leave me alone!!!!
MS Qatar research  just 1 of parents have used internet controls
I don't live close enough.
Sorry.
This is gonna break me.
I cried for like an hour because I did't go to playlistlive.
Are you interested in rumors and gossip?
Why so?
We're seriously making hamburger helper right now lol ctfu
Thanks Robert: FF right back at you!
Have a great weekend.
Its dumb when people post anonymous stuff bout someone on Twitter bout someone  how their stuff annoying obviously just unfollow the person
thats a good movie :
The Center For Feminist Research announced that its 201213 New Directions in Feminist Research Seminar will include iMAP's Micha Cardenas!
Need to cool off?
Enjoy a Freshlyprepares Chargrilled Chicken Fruit Salad at with a freshly squeezed Lemonade
perfect sense
fans unite!
Vote 4 MIGGS' Girls  Boys video on MTVU.
The more votes, the better: www.mtvu.com/category/music/thefreshmen
last night i went to an 80's  90's club and they played mambo 5.
thought of you.
I still dont understand why sulia.
Why not tweet normal with a link to JS?
oh, that's rich.
Just so you both know I saw that!
hahaha!
my eyes are getting heavy...i'm off to sleep.
'Night Jen san!
Willow!!
I  you.
I am sorry I have not replied back.
I have just have had some urgent personal matters that have come up.
I checked out your booth at the PRWeekVTS!
I love the virtual summit idea, very neat!
how can i get you to come and cook a pig dinner with us in milwaukee?
Brewed today: House and Day at the Beach
SAVE THE MALES!
RT She is a shrill, emasculating, whiny harpy and my ladywife loves that show
Floor seats next to spike lee?
Successful night for ...
broken phone, missing id and debit card.
U r right!
I'll write 2morrow.
I promise.
: RT :  Just FYI...Writing doesn't mean Disappearing !!
was one of the best talks I've heard in my life.
He puts the Genius in the MacArthur Genius Award.
: yea, but how often do men follow THAT law???
Countdown to RMAF 2011 Begins!!!!
ROLL CALL!
Who's comin, and with what Goodies????
Glitter is the herpes of craft supplies.
Sore throat :
The people that I follow be having good tweets only late night .
Probably not.
I'm working on something and I'm downloading a beard vector.
Can you lift weights while doctornking white wine?
I suspect you can.
tell her I said I wanted to start over  go slow ...
: if this is the one in pond creek I found him Murder?

I just want mine to come home so we can work it out.
Thanks for the follow.
Has everyone gotten the chance to check out our new band ?
I'll be posting a song of theirs as a Song Of The Day later!
: indy high was 84, breaking record from 1907 of 82.
inwx Wow!
I hope we don't see triple digits for this year's 500!
Immature fix Toni and Tatiana necklace after this game
Your ego gets in the way of greatness, you arent a humbled athlete yet.
Get it together and meet us in New Orleans
I know!
Selena Gomez's GothicGlam VMA Look: Love It or Hate It?
Waystoimpressme: Play a musical instrument or enjoy hearing me play.
And that last tweet is likely all you need to catch you up!
Hope you're well.
I should be an iphone photographer!
That's one great pic.
Random Person at The Table across the room
Do you anyone who will do Ender's Game for me?
I hate it!
Hi There All chek out our new web site just launched www.tazzlighting.com
So y this dude say he was gone kill my kids  my mom cause i dont wanna fuck him?
Wow really?
We like to LOL at AOL...
Oh, wait...
yeah no kidding.
Thanks for transferring and being wisconsin's 1st legit qb in a....forever
Dirty chai break, extra dirty!
Google Places is available for your Andoctorid phone.
In the next year or so, my signature will appear on 60 billion of United States currency.
More important to me, however, is the
gosh yer nice
yo chris, no problem chris
gym at 1?
AGirlJustWants a good man
Ugh.
I'm so behind on my blog for adoctorntro.
Anyone else??
you know I am excellent as always.
I have some big news coming up end of next week.
: soon!!
Spread the joy!!!
Come in and bring a friend for Brazilian Waxing.
2 for 70!!!!.
Call today!!!
7733426333.
im trying :l
glad u like song its hot!
Keep me posted if u want it 4 da guys My boy in LA produces 4 Diane Warren and may b a good look 4 MB
The New York Times Crossword in Gothic: Id Est
Odds and ends A couple of openings, a few charity dos, and some totally random notes.
Great day!
Everyone is exhausted, but it was worth proud of my hubby , Michael,  his friend, Jeff.
They both completed the Spartan race!
both crewed mived on
writing a blog post seems appropriate since you're in the press corps now.
: What if renames himself Neil Lennon 2012, does he get readmitted to the dugout straight away?
'Bend and Snap!
What's the deal with PayPal?
nice pic sexy follow back ma
ooh that sounds awesome.
If, and that's a big if, Murray gets this kind of protection consistently today, well, this just gets more interesting.
ISO: VIP tickets to
Oomf is way to gorgeous 33
Be sure to label everything clearly with your contact info and include your tracking number from withoutabox if applicable.
o!
Natasha is the head of DocSouth  should be fun.
Say hi!
me either.
they have retired  student.
I should mention it to someone at alcts.
65 is more than our membership at nonsal.
Last night I had a doctoram that was explaining to me where to buy a sandwich.
Through 2 innings, there have been 23 baseballs used.
There were 15 in the 1st.
hahaha aww thank you so much!
SOX: Middlebrooks had not hit a home run in his career before that gametying grand slam.
55 in the 5th now from Fenway.
im so hungry...shouldve ate breakfast
wow, that's awesome.
Can't put a price on something like that when it comes from the best.
Welcome to SommChat everyone!
Tell your friends to join us to learn from Sommelier Daniel Johnnes !
tired of playing with real cards?
:
Thank you for following
Daytona 500  now THAT was an interesting race!
Way to kick off the 2012 season!
RT : Great time at killing it!
Our management team thanks your for the opportunity!
Old foe or new friend?page update today at www.rocketrobinson.com
When things don't work, make strides to rearrange.
Always remember that I have taken more out of alcohol than alcohol has taken out of me.
our ethnicity colors all of our decisions
...how young?
We are open for an interview.
times are getting slower?
Bundling your CDs  tshirts can put more money in your pocket.
Doing it for bands for over 12 years.
are you auditing current content or planning future content?
A race in the Texas Hill Country would be beautiful!
And hot and humid.
What you think ?
My bankus accountus?
Happy New Year!!!
Make it the BEST ever!!
Oh, YES!
RT : Twitter is a great connection tool but a horrible relationship tool.
CNN confirms Arnold Palmer will stay at Orlando hospital overnight for evaluation, but that family  friends not worried.
Just a precaution.
txt me?
I might be in Indy today/tonight
And that's why they pay me the big bucks.
The Internet's.
Dinner at mine this evening with georgemichael , need help!!, how do I make kofte kebabs  what's the average width of a gloryhole?
Getting very excited for tonight's benefit for Midway Contemporary.
I promise Falco, Dio and Devo in my set.
final speech at sm4np about the work of nonprofessorts...
spot on!
We are selling happiness.
I'm Good For Texting People Back Hours Later ..
Or Not Texting Back At All .
Shrugs
Feminism is an entire world view or gestalt, not just a laundoctor list of women's issues.
Charlotte Bunch
we have the best cab doctorvers in detroit.
second time ive been in one playing 'the hangover' and, two tv screens!
Dear , I miss you more than life.
somehow some way I will get u to follow the knicks.
NY produces some things to enjoy ;
Now that I'm a working woman, my life is not quite as interesting as I'd like it to be.
Boo
Whoa.
Ran into a visual glitch that only happens in Firefox.
That's a first.
An actual error, not just a rendering difference.
I miss my babygirl so much kisses
sure thing
That is good to know about the support group!
I need to find one in Texas...
u got my message?
: Turn on NOW for the Season 2 premiere of with  Ridiculousness
That's not cool
10FactsAboutMe 8.
I have testing next week 9.
I live in Kentucky 10.
I want to meet Austin.
Hopefully he comes to KY some time!
It's been cold and rainy and grey all day.
Serious cocoa weather.
HOLY SHIT DESIGN YOR OWN GLOW IN THE DARK CONVERSE
Ask Jeff if he's as anal in the bedoctorom as he is with his work.
If you have an iPhone, download the LPGA app to follow the leaderboard for the
maybe they overestimated themselves...they are good players..but it appears they made a bad decision
love u buddy!
Cheers!
Though abortion may sometimes be necessary, you cannot reasonably be anti animal creulty while saying it is ok to kill babies.
In n Out was calling my name.
So I listened.
:
Watching hustlerzambition on
cleaned up the twitter design!
:D checkit.
follow.
She said she was gonna give me the
Awesome/amazing response time from Tweeted w/ an issue and they replied back in 3 mins.
Cool to see from a govt agency.
I got more CrazyBill stories for ya : today was eventful.I effing fear next meeting with him...
Effing!
U know I am even if I have to sit on someone I'm coming to c u
You do NOT steal bases in the 17th.
Guys are gassed.
These managers should be put in purgatory
fuck no.
he's mine.
back the fuck off!!!
damn you internet, always distracting and ishhh
Yes sir.
Ads are not required to use CityGrid Places...but make sure and learn about Places that Pay, and get paid to show place
You should..maybe not smoke anymore...
RT : RT : next year 4/20 needs to be on Friday 13th THAT WOULD BE AWESOME
Thanks for the RT Adam!
Appreciate the help to spread the word!
:
Happy 4th of July!!
YAY BREWERS!
What a game!
Well, facebook made 0.23 today.
researchpaper has officially ruined my weekend.
Eewwwwwww
Finally I got my room looking like a damn room :
us too!!
: Ahh, I love post long run leg soreness in the morning.
:
we will make this summer our bishhhhh yaknow?
I wish we had a dollar theater nearby.
I'm a little tired of the overglorification of mothers, as if there is nothing important in life aside from procreating.
: Hate when i get soo mad that i start crying.
If I was going then yea haha
I'm disappointed no one caught my reference to the classic short story by Edgar Allen Poe.
Aw well lol.
Oh no!
come back, come back!
and you know this man.
They don't call me the ConnectKing for no reason lol.
Call me around 8pm tonight.
So lucky to be so close!
RT Bal Harbour is sick.Hands down Miami has the best shopping in the world  I've travelled ALOT
new work week.
RT : I'm going to break down why I think Dynamite by Taio Cruz is a successful pop song in today's world.
we have a commercial shoot tomorrow, which is really going to STINK if I have to miss it for jury duty.
hmm.
I've been thinking of this all day.
I feel like the intent should be YOU are among the best who gather.
Thank you for the mention, we have more pics on the article too :
And New England loses next week because half the team will be suspended...
Could you see the Texans taking Joe Adams in 2 or 3?
He screams playmaker and we need weapons.
Cool....
justsayin Guys that cook totally rock.
My hubby does not, but I knew that going in.
Would a sexchanged person who has a kid, possibly be called a transparent phahah I thought that one up on my own....
good morning sweetie how your day so far
Hoop tomorrow
What's Gucci my nigga?
Created a new oddsize marketing tool today.
It's a beaut!
the amount of times I reorganize my apps and change my background is insane xD haha ocd much?
Counting down the days until the April 9th premier of
She be like  Bitch Hell no.
when will amazon mom reopen?
Happy Mother's Day, everyone!
to fly back to the UK or US?
yea i mean make plays when hes supposed too.
I know it's useless to complain about all these ridiculous sacrifice bunts, but I am going to explode.
When will Roenicke learn?
Happy Neo Year!
You can reach us at !
thanks!!
Hope u had a great weekend :
Wassup man!
mentioned you the other day.
soon coming my friend: thx you, keep checkin back
Another day hard to work but at least the Giro stage video  my current text happen to be about the same area.
I'm the only one doctornking at noon on a Monday.
Randomthought the niggas females went crazy over I never understood why they all lookd ugly af to me :/
Yea I kno I aint shit.
We shoulda figured that out years ago.
Pregnancy 2.0 wants to build a database so that providers  future patients can mold the most optimized pregnancies 
So true!
RT FF the entire doctorveInMob and TCMParty crews.
Click on the hashtags and start following.
You won't be sorry.
Your history is meant to guide your destiny ...
not decide your destiny
Thank u lord for this beautiful day u have given me..amen
ehhp a little harsh?
San Antonio: Flash Flood Watch Tonight/Tomorrow.
This week rain totals of 1 to 6.
Today: Cloudy to p/cloudy, 20 chance of storms.
high 93.

Before you came into my life, I missed you so bad.
I missed you so, so bad.:
Going to bed at 9:30...welcome to the Maine time zone...
also true in Storrs, Iowa City, Manhattan, Corvallis...
Let's go!
: My album, Who Is Brent Taylor?
Coming son!
my pleasure!
Loved browsing your work  I'm a fan.
:
I need some shout out :
no I emigrated to conquered nations.
always appreciated
: Never hurts to have the first be the best
THIS IS WHY I'M WhiteTeam PURPLE TEAM CANT SPELL!!!
Thanks to my beautiful wife I'm celebrating my birthday in true Wisconsin style with a brandy old fashioned and a fish fry.
So happy.
Taking medicine that knocks you out.
Loving that VH1 classic is running all old school MTV shows and promos.
.59 hamburgers and .79 cheeseburgers every Wednesday this summer!
.
some of them might not be suitable for the masses!
;
Wasn't it beautiful?
I'm really missing being there!
they still don't follow me, and I baked them brownies!
Haha
why do you often use twitter mobile?
then there's one that says I think she's trying to help us that one gave me chills for some reason
lol ok!
It's weird, I saw your professorle picture and you looked like her!
Man this is weird
Had a training plan my coworker gave me.
Then we ran together most days, and teamed upto w/ a few others in our bootcamp.
Come back I think so
Had they been doctorving the dog would be in the car and the childoctorn on the roof.
All you can eat tacos start now.
4.50.
Come on in to
Blah .
i need plans .
Giddy up!
Please get in touch with me with any questions.
Psssst, EVERYONE BRITHDAY PARTY ROOSEVELT ISLAND!!!!
What did everyone think of Mad Men last night?
We would have liked some more Peggy and a Betty doctorper appearance!
Demons Run is so much better than the actual finale.
Not a problem I often have.
LaVeem is such genius.
aw, omg who is that?!
3
CONGRATS to all 30 of our November 2011 Focus Graduates!
Be.
Do.
Have.
17 hours till my paper is due.
This is where it gets serious.
Marketing, let's go.
I have no alternative but to effect an embassy to Charleston through my friend Hill, he told Seward, who was aghast.
Sometimes caring too much can be your biggest weakness.
how are you?
3
Saw Tay get punk'd by JB!
Lol Taylor is too cute!
:
I love out new church home
Come visit KBEM while you're here!
Stop by and ask for Michele.
please please please follow me that took hard work and money!
I'm not a laker fan and that infuriates me.
RT sessions and blake lineups infuriate me.
it better!!
U can't let anybody else get him he's fucking adorable
what up stranger
OMFG hell yes!!
:'D They'll wear some latex bikinis and pants ;
I know you've been told to never say never.
Both Of Us Remix
So sad to hear Hillman Curtis died.
We had a great talk at web visions a few years ago about growing up in Grass Valley, CA.
Huge loss.
AYE MAN EVERY ONE EATZ ON MY TEAM
RT : At the Skating Rink getting my groove on to old school music with Dj Citi...oh yeah
mind you, may just be a grumpy b, due to lack of food.
Sigh, where's a cabana boy when you need one?
follow me .
3
Not true.
Thanks, for the follow!
I'm considering getting some ABAP skills in the near term.
Seems like it would set me apart from the pack.
: I feel to doctorssed up.
RTRTRTRT
Jeffrey Loria must be very happy.
As long as Stephen Ross is around, he won't be the worst owner in South Florida.
Ideology is a form of illiteracy.
Those addicted to it are unable to understand anything other than what fits their pattern.
I'll watch it with you!
I can fix that.
praise the lord.
Wow there is a farmers only dating site now
Money time
not yet.
Hangovers are better when you share them with someone.
No....
They're a private club who are allowed to do what they want.
thanks for following!
Have a great weekend!
Have scratchy throat...want White.
What to do???
CHRISTMAS IS IN THE EVEN ITS AUGUST!IN CANADA CHRISTMAS IS TRENDING BECAUSE OF CHRISTMAS PLANS!!!LoL
Saw a roadoctornner and a coyote on this morning's walk.
Yep.
My life is like Looney Tunes.
plagiarism seems to be cultural artifact
completely incorrect.
Coaching / program  talent.
Butler prime example of a team that kept their kids and grew
Gotta weigh in on chelseaclinton Awful.
Not attractive.
Not talented.
NOT fit for prime time!
FINALLY trolled by one of nopants girl's 50 yr old followers..
Too funny.
Thank you for hosting us!
We had a great time!
is the greatest!
: Miss you!!
Its such a great day to show your love for the arts...Please give to the RISD annual fund!
3 Deja I.D.
2014
Omg!
Even the sims3 website is copying Twitter/Facebook
I hate facial piercings!!!
Hellz, yeah!!
See to anchor Ghostbusters reference.
Haha!!
BEST BOYFRIEND EVER.
brings me food to work.
3
goin out tonight sling ding tuesdays!
yeah man
RT :Librarian friends: please consider IT fields as a valid career path.
You and your trad.
infosci training are very needed!
haha, okay!
Goodnight.
:
Yes!
It IS the dessert!
: Stop selling sweet wines as dessert.
Sell sweet wine as everyday wine!
lts12
Good Tuesday morning, Twitterverse.
And Happy May Day!
I hope your day is off to a great start.
I take my puppy everywhere with me.
Is that weird?
you left that door WIDE open...
:
Let us know how the recipes turn out.
Need to take that cookbook home, too.
We are so excited!
RT: Performa 11 begins in 11 days!!!!
Get excited!!!
Lil Wayne Concert yesterday was amazing!!!3
Denis Waitley We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them
Well, looks like Happy Valley isn't so Happy anymore.
Is it just gonna be called Valley from now on?
I almost wish the phils WOULD have paid madson, less than what they paid papelbon, lost him for the year then developed a young arm.
lmao...over a million times!
so I'm screwed huh?
It was working for like an hour after it fell then just shut off
Want free tix to Saturday's Sunsett show at ?
Ask your favorite bartender at !
Life is short.
Break the rules.
Forgive quickly.
Kiss slowly.
Love truly.
Laugh uncontrollably,  never regret anything that made you smile.
you were the leader bring it back.
academy of country music awards, the kennedys miniseries, : Whats Famous Keywords About Online Right now?please retweet
some are mad b/c archie has a gay dude now but its good to cover serious issues in comics.
Watching an STD video in health and almost throwing up.
A person will sometimes devote all his life to the development of one part of his body  the wishbone.
Oscar Wilde
yes!
Thanks for passing it on!!
I'm having trouble focussing enough to write back.
I need a minivacation.
only if you got that wine fine only if you got that sip type only if you got that mine bomb only if you got that zip type
oh im well :
always on that creep!
Shred is one of my favorite workout videos.
Intense.
Thanks to all who attended social intelligence presentation at SDLinnovate.
It was fun.
Ladies night going down tonight y'all at Paraiso's...y'all beta get here...
Judges men who order Frappucinos.
Actually, anyone who orders a Frappucino.
If he were a better shooter, he could start for over half the league.
RT: : Nice work from Watson.
Oh my.
A lot has happened this weekend.
But, it was a good one, one to remember.
Yes Ma'am they are performing!
Hope all is well!
Great meetings today and great review of a MixHouse mix.
Busy Busy Busy.
Get up early and cook with us this Sunday on 7!
We'll be there with demos and recipes in the 7 and 9 am hours.
we'll post pics and vids of 's keynote tonight and in our wrap up video.
Thanks for the interest!
LEAKED FROM THE REMIX TAPE LIKE TO PARTY' BEYONCE' FT KANYE WEST FT ANdoctor 3000 prod by
Making your technology scale is hard but important.
Making your nonprofessort scale is infinitely more important.
Thanks for the follow Myers RV Center!
:
i yurp.
yawn and burp.
hm, I dunno.
What was his name?
SAME HERE.
tripleing hahah
I'm not there anymore.
i know so many people who do that
My happy moments are to be seen not my sad moments
your cocaptainin is ready and on standby with a bottle of O.T.
didn't make that connection, but it makes sense.
fabulous job tonight, :
Happy Easter!
Adam Levine is single!
Possibly top 3 best days ever.
I swear sometimes a bullet would solve my problems night twitter
I've realized that I'm never going to be domesticated and that's ok.
I'd
OKC beat Lakers.
I was rooting for both since likes OKC thunderup !
I took the hard shell of not right.
DANG DANG DANG!
Do you ever get mad when your phone just blows up??
Now your just somebody that I used to know3
Great job to the 24 and 48!!
I'm getting real sick of Facebook.
Thank you for including our tweet in your daily paper!
GURL you know you wanna go to Florida and fuck
Good morning world!
I hear you have a show this wknd?
Break a leg!
U should follow SalaryCap101  former skins front office exec.
Cap expert./scout.
Trust is like virginity.
You lose it once and youll never get it back.
followed  thanks!
Ur really cute 2:
because they were one bad defensive doctorve and one bad game from being national championship contenders
: Actually, they were too busy smoking to pick up their phones and check in.
I now smell like a chimney.
not this tour hun 
any chance we will be swimming or anything?
So I can sport my new bod in a swimsuit hahaha
ME AND LYRIC IS ON THE GROWN CRAKKIN UP LAUGHIN
They are telling me my Tesla model S will be delivered to me in September 2012.
And I'm about 1500th on the list.
CHEERS to SUCCESS.
Whatever SUCCESS means to you
S/O to ..always ready to
Went for a nice run along Lake Shore.
Skyline view is amazing.
My kind of town.
Stupidest thing I've read today: It's never too late to prepare for the end of the world as we know it.
Glenn Beck
of course, in this age of social media, we could not afford not to live stream it.
Thank you for watching.
DMIS
Thanks for the shout out Jay.
You are awesome.
I hope you're doing well!
RT R.I.P.
Mavericks postseason.
Congrats nonetheless, , you did what all other KC pro teams couldn't do
SAID my dude..fellow bad boy..HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!..much luv 2u..do it big babe!!!
I'm there in spirit brutha..kill that red carpet.
Thanks your pretty awesome to 3
Disappointed that searching iPhone Contacts for a phone number doesn't work.
all the new colors i bought on doctorwSomething got deleted.
worst day
Mondays...when everything that fell apart on the weekend needs to be rectified.
Everyone have a safe  happy 4th of July!!
sitn in sec.
124 if i make it to the seats.
Standing room?
they all basically the same thing to  they end the same way
whats up?
do know a Miranda Johnson from Literotica that lives in Miami?
48 gets you 3 semi private reformer classes at East Village Body Shop!
Go to www.buywithme.com to get deal!
You raise me up,so I can stand on mountains3
Hey, how does the SMS contact widget work on your personal site?
Been meaning to implement WebtoSMS functionality on a project.
ohh yeah i will try too..:
Kobe just splashed that bucket for 3!!!
Same doctornk Same cup c;
Just saw this, but thank you Ashley!
had a great brunch :
Happy StPatricksDay, lads  lasses!
May the luck o' the Irish be with you during our 2,500 Guaranteed 140 Deep Stacks Knockout  7pm!
so nice to meet you!!!!!
Xo
Michael Franklin: huge issues in computer science research apropos BIGDATA, e.g., machine learning, no way of making tradeoffs among tools
It is a luxury to be understood.
BABY IMA MEET YA HALF WAY CAUSE I KNOW YA WANNA SEE MEEH
Wonder how I can post a video of all the Mets' past few seasons...
Thanks!
Glad you enjoyed it :
At the doctor's office...
the registration form now has a Social Media section.
I went to a prolife rally and locked my keys in my car.
Fortunately, a lot of people had coat hangers.
HP is not showing printing  imaging at CeBIT?
In contrast Samsung has a particularly large print presence in Halle 2 Stand E30.
HTML5 brings some interactive elements to the client side without using heavy databases.
He pisses me off haha it's funny though.
Siri I said Call home Siri: Would you like me to call a hoe
Please stop broadcasting commercials at twice the volume as the news.
We have babies trying to sleep.
Listening to a really fine album by trombonist William Carn Run Stop Run, produced by David Binney.
Worth listening to again.
Until follows me and tweets me, I'll just fangirl at my background of him in my iPod :
Sriracha sauce for sure!
Then spicy mustard I think.
I didnt win.
Far Away
I think we doctoram so we don't have to be apart for so long.
If we're in each other's doctorams, we can be together all the time.
If you ever have a chance to hear speak...
DON'T MISS IT!!!
He is A powerful speaker.
Happy birthday, !!
See you at DEMF?!
Do not feel like goin in today

I am happy now
I'm taking him back to vegas today RT : Dad doing well?
Knowing our smallbiz is a part of regrowing the local economy and commerce in downtown Sacramento fires us up!
Mark Twain said, The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.
Share a favorite clean joke.
I love my dad, just finished shopping  eating :

thanks!
Love you!
Smooches!
I love giving my marketing class ticket buying advice.
Love those boys.
Kia Classic golf tournament returns to the renowned La Costa Resort and Spa from March 19  25.
they SO SO SO are.
I grew up with 3 brothers and now I have husband and two sons.
No escape.
Hey audiojunkie who do I NEED to be listening to?
:
Oh shit....here they come..
My 10yearold...Mom, you married a nut!
Sounds right.
Keeps it fun though during Christmas Week!
yea u should :
Ha!
Nice try
today i will figure out how to edit video.
tomorrow i will begin work on a bluegrass album.
tuesday i will go to vegas.
just prefers to watch more manly shows
Saw a great cartoon today with the line If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.
Version on that is also try war
: I'm not rooting for anyone in the NBA Playoffs nearly as hard as I'm rooting against the Thunder.
NOKC Agreed!!
I got enough energy that will last me a lifetime the question is do you ?!?
Fine, how are u
Had my mom french braid my hair...
Its been a while since the last time she did my hair
2 more followers?
Retweet for a shout out!
March Madness is heating up!
Come enjoy our great happy hour while watching March Madness on 3 screens!
So exactly how ridiculous would it be to get a stroller for my dog???
completely ridiculous or no!!!!
Hey !
I'm performing in a Comedy Improv show at Playhouse West tonight at 8pm.
10634 Magnolia Blvd NOHO, CA 91602.
Cost 0 :
David Stern did not like that Nuggets run
Thanks for your response!!
In the last 6 months, 1.3 million private sector jobs were added, the most of any 6 month period in nearly 6 years.
Haha it could be.
It's part of the underground tunnel system, populated by homeless people and pedestrian commuters.
Is excited for AdBowl.
Let's see some powerhouse marketing dollars!
:
So full of quiche, hashbrowns and a potato pancake...thanks !
follow me?
:
: hello, I'm following you back.
I am very thankful and happy to tweet you too ;
would that be at ALA Anaheim?
:
Be home later today!
Looking forward to seeing you TTYLOXOX
look hayley big foots right there!
STOP.
Collaborate and LISTEN.
Really?
That's the first time I saw it.
I think that was the weirdest commercial I have ever seen.
some LIVE ass music on this ship
ay come to samaras house so we can go to school together
Who you hang out with determines where you will be in life..
be with those motivate you, not demotivate!
SMH AND LMAO CAUSE THAT'S NOT THE NAME OF THAT MOVIE...
I MUST HAVE HAD ONE TOO MANY LAST NIGHT...
LLS...
It's a real blessing!
Lamar Odom is out as a Dallas Maverick...
could he be coming to Boston??
Would Boston want a Kardashian as an inhabitant??
are you
I guess he thought we were all mind readers!
Hahaha, fwiw, I enjoyed him when he first started.
His delivery appealed to me.
He's just a dick now.
PR observation of the day: There are obvious social classes in society.
Can someone choose to better themselves?
Or does it repeat itself?
Kids stay in trouble!!
glad to connect with here and in person this week along with
2012 film watching!
50.
The Secret Garden.
Cute little film based on the childoctorns novel.
Hello Saturday!
I have been waiting all week for you to arrive!
lots of Hopkins poems for some reason, and doctor Seuss!
Recliners play This Friday only at CAFE' DIEM in The Fan, RVA.
600 N.
Sheppard St.
Showtime 9:15pm New Tunes, New Shoes, New Haircuts!
My room is darker then usual
Don't do it man, u'll get busy and the dog will be alone.
And U have to deal with all it's health issues.
Trust me bro
You need to forgive yourself for loving, living and staying behind.
Give yourself permission to be happy.
We all love you and
Best news I've heard in a while : 
How is it that within months my hard doctorve and my logic board have failed?
My mac has failed me.
Thank you, President Obama.
I have two sons...
sorry for the late response, we are hoping to have the call for volunteers out within the next week
your have a voice amazing :D
That does itper , ,  many others, 's The End of Lawyers moves up on my TBR 4
SomeWhereInTheHood a chick just found out she has HIV
Obesity and Diabetes So Strongly Linked as to Coin the Term
At least when mister.
Obama went to a race, she knew a doctorver to cheer for  didn't insult fans' clothes, unlike Romney.
Thanks We hope you come back often for more craftbeer and pizza and
ROTFLMAO!!!
Taken out of context, that could raise some eyes.
LOL
not to defend church, but Note that the church isn't quoted.
In IL they claim on organ donor cards that all religions at ok with it.
When the person in front of you is staring at your boobs  creep
The Guto is now accepting wedding date applications for Spring 2011.
Finished Dexter S5.
Patiently waiting for S6 to start up.
Also patiently waiting for SOA.
There's NOTHING on the tube!
Gaaah
Ah I gotcha.
Detroit basically sold out as soon as they went on sale!
Like I sat there at 10 am ready to buy them
im proud of my workwith a hectic life i still got sh done lol
I managed to stop crying for about two hours...now here im at it again :' RememberTrust
Watching Fireproof, and Courageous and picking out the actors that were in both.....
loving to see the four other friends must haves for spring,Krystal great minds!
Okay guys it's happening.
I might be getting my first cold of all season so far.
I'm all achy and my throat hurts.
Push even if you don't want to.
doctoram big and believe in yourself...
Even when the doctoram seems impossible
Im on some other shit
as long as there's whataburger I'll be good lol
and Fisher has said the team should run more this year, the defense should be more trapping/attacking type we will see
looks like the worst of the weather is going either side of IH35 corridor, is that what y'all are being told to expect?
Edamamemy new favorite affordable dinner option.
M.
s/o to my new follower she sexy AF ;
I'm in the giggliest mood!
I just had a mini dance party with my doggies in my room!
:
All things are difficult before they are easy  Thomas Fuller
We will keep that in mind!
Thank you for letting us know!
:
Giving in and shopping for board games for next Friday's GameNight.
My personal weakness...
My cooking skills are so good, the smoke detectors cheer me on.
No one shoots from here on out but Kris and Triche.
NO ONE!
welcome to America!!
Land of opportunity and craziness!
thank you ;
Tubing on Comal River with some of my favorite people
At the home studio rolling tape on demos of the final songs to the new record.
grab me a sizer of new glarus if you do!
I want breakfast already.
Tonight at !
Join , , , , and myself.
8PMMidnight.
Lounge area.
After many years of searching I finally found Crunchy Reeses Peanut Butter Cups while waiting standing in line at the grocery store today
Happy Monday ppl.
I hope yall had a great Christmas!
Just relocated a giant spider from the living room to the back deck.
I know it's been cool, but is it really spider season already?
Starting my Christmas shopping...
now.
Useless fact: if you fart nonstop for 6yrs,9mos, enough gas is produced to create the energy of an atomic bomb.
thanks for the RT!
Hope you are having a great weekend!
Its all good lol I had to do homework anyways :p
only 4 more days till the big one!
maybe if Brian hadn't gunked it up!
And that's what I keep saying, he's a tank.
People say Yeah, a septic tank and I'm just all A tank's a tank yo
2 Step process for success: 1.
Believe it.
2.
Do it.
n thank you :
found some quart sized jars at a garage sale recently, also find them now and then at GoodWill
Hope to have an assembly of the first 30 scenes by tomorrow!
Only 80 more to go!
Our Plans can be great but it doesn't mean our great plans are God's plan.
He can have so much more than what you expect.
Thanks!
MT The Brees doctoram Foundation will donate BreesCelebGolf proceeds to ' Integrative Medicine Program!
you should nominate because he is amazing and we love him.:
Nuthin like surprising the ones you care about you did your thing tonight boo!
So proud of u :
Over 300 posters in archive preswk12 poster garden.
cardboard was easily available like pizza box signs etc.
Yikes.
Unfortunately our standard 622 remedies aren't available.
:
iabaudio while imperfect , there is certainly more track ability online than off
Thanks for the support Mt.
Royal Bottle Shoppe!
Shine responsibly up there!
Finally watching Halloween 2; totally crushing on Brea Grant.
3
It's appropriate that MONEYBALL is nominated 4 an Oscar as it is about how mediocrity is undervalued.
Oscars love to award just base hits.
Well done is better than well said
Quote: Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
Leo Tolstoy
Still, a good point.
shut up
no I mean maybe
If you wanna see a lot of prostitutes in one place ride a DC subway at 1am.
super stoked to meet up with VIVERA!
kick the tires and light the fires!
Sure you right.
As a fellow Virgo, I agree.
My name means blue in some interpretations.
haha yeah why does it hurt!?
Turns out I didn't doctornk enough whiskey.
Tom Petty was right, man...waiting IS the hardest part.
you can't unsee it
How do you find stuff like this?
Lol Thank you for sharing.
Paused my Storm Chasers to watch.
occupysd occupiers criticizing jounos for parachuting in and running out w/out getting full story at meeting.
Dinner tonight?
Green Curry Mussels  Fresh Prince Edward Island mussels cooked with coconut green curry, peppers, basil and spinach!
10
AGon has been close to useless all season.
What the hell happened?
Most exciting moments in sports, last 2 mins in BB or Philly/Pitt shaking hands after 2 nites sweep by the Flyers!
Hey everyone.
How's ur day going
Why does your hair have to be blue ?
Catch and on internet radio show right now!
Loved the Descendants.
It seems 's roles are the ones I'm really good at.
Watch me...
The next one is Glinda!
Haha
RT : Cindy Shanahan: what would history instruction B like if focus were on how historians construct meaning?
this is for u
what Sarah you don't think I'm sexy????
I feel horrible today
Concentration of power.
Privacy.
Spreading the love around, etc.
Never a good idea to put all your eggs in one corporate basket!
your welcome
just watched the new harry potter trailer.
and immediately teared up...
day..
um!
He has a point though you guys always be acting RETARDED!
Atleast be a little bit mature when hes not present .
Happy Mothers Day Camille.
What kind of tail bag are you sporting there?
Looks very nice.
Hey Gemma!
We hope you're doing well, thanks for being our friend in the UK : hopefully we can play over there someday..
Of the various botanical species of coffee trees in the world, only 2 are extensively cultivated commercially; Arabica  Robusta.
You're fucking retarded.
I'm white you scene slut.
is the absolute truth!
Great game!
OSU v Florida ...
Oh, the irony.
That's cause I get it from you bro!
Best part of teaching Sharon Marcus's politics of rape prevention: aha looks when students see the phallus as temporary and vulnerable.
they are out there but the peeps with the money apparently only like cheese!
Hi It is a coincidence that our two conferences overlap in Austin, but we're hoping to incorporate some collaborative efforts.
i friend anyone who reps the bluetooth headsets....i love mine!
; 
American Bandstand, 100,000 Pyramid, Bloopers  Practical Jokes, New Years Rockin' Eve and about 309 other TV classics.
RIP Dick Clark
Love your socks...man!
Now how thee fck do I find my next class?!.
sick : aka no singing which makes me even more sad
a11ydc was an interesting experience.
No surprised Amtrak was delayed, but thankfully it was less than 20 minutes.
Back home safe now.
What's your concentration at VCM?
I did voice.
Heard they have a general music option now!
: Sunglasses: Allowing you to stare at people without getting caught.
It's like Facebook in real life.
fridayreads finished Lonely Polygamist last night  sorry I waited so long to read this one  it was really good!
Only if you knew my intentions aren't to do you dirty.
An I always make good decisions
look, I'm tweeting!
Thanks for the workshop!
Winner!
RT : American Beauty Rose
can u get MORE people to follow me plz im TRYING to get more followers than my friend
thank you for helping me study for my test over all that crap tomorrow.
DUH!
This one has alot of followers....
so next time keep the sarcastic remarks to yourself...
THANKS!
Is anyone else wondering why there hasnt been a batman preview?
Played with some fellow Emerson alum on set today!
Can you say It's a small world after all with a Boston accent?
Just had a pleasure of having lunch with a great photographer in town :
Funny, I'd def want a wingman over windbag RT Overt aviatism at Apple: iPad  iPhone autocorrect changes 'wingman' to 'windbag'.
Chauncy is old.
Rose was beat up all year.
Howard back.
Not sure if those are Lockout related.
I feel a giant pimple coming on my nose.
Calling all Clothing Junkies we want your designer items contact to see how you can make money!
I like that I'm the wallpaper on his phone.
:
SAVE THE CAT shows you how to plot with beats.
Start with a basic premise and wind up w/ 40 plot points.
Really helpful for me!
Yup!
I booked studio time on they !
it should be a zoning law that every neighborhood have one!
If you watch Field of doctorams backwards it's about a son guilting a father into leaving then doing everything in his power to keep him away.
americans hating on asian people.
jkay!
haha
I love reading your tweets!:
And it is greatly appreciated.
Enjoy !!
Great presentations on social media by and !
Hey, Justin.
Once again, Please notice me, and Please Follow back or Tweet back ASAP
your jacking me !
D:
bout time you got twitter bro!
Getting yelled at for moving my chair for my laptop...
x
sac up is gonna be awesome.
Im waiting to hear from flip if we can use a
Sometimes I Feel Like The Juice Ain't Worth The SqueezeCan'tBeLife
Omg I'm so freaking tired I don't even know what time it is
I've heard of composers working with limited time, but never procrastination.
That explains a lot about the final score.
AAF Dallas Happy Hour tomorrow with else?
slays with pinkfridayromanreloaded fahh reals !!
this album is pure awesomeness !!
ERIC!
It's been far, far, far, far too long!
I trust all is well?
YUM!
Now that's what I call a sweet tweet!
Banana Spit Torte in Gratitude
just sent!
Please confirm you received, it's a large file!
hahaha, i never go out looking for a fight, it just comes to us
I Dig the AVI!
I'm Buying Another Copy of Vice City, ASAP!
Watchn teen mom waiting for him to callme back.
you have Arnold twice in JU bracket 1516
I need to go to sleep
A great man is always willing to be little.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
At the gym
One of my students on The Voice tonight...
Adley Stump
I'll forgive u this time.
My coworkers and I swoon and watch the guy instead of work.
Its a very important YouTube relationship.
We Love you guy.
Question when will Monica Still Standing Season 1 be released on DVD soon?
I love that show deeply!
Thank you irocDaMic for the blessing
The great novels of the world are about 3 things: death, money  sex.
Occasionally a whale.
Love this quote from Jackson Brody in SETMD.
Mahomies Love Mama Mahone.
Without her, we wouldn't even know or care about him
Bruce Lee on Batman?!
I love you Slim :
Is apparently the only person who knows how to make a pot of coffee.
make sure to include and as non professort resources in MD.
Hear us tomorrow!
done!!
gd looking for the follow!!
If you don't call me all day I understand, when you don't text me all day I understand, when I stop loving you I hope you understand.
bummer.
Sounds very intriguing.
Not happy with the performance of this misterClean Magic Eraser!
Always a lil' perplexing 2watch Appropriations Committee: Sum bills w/ no opposition or cost R tagged w/ high price tags  held in suspense?
haha Oopsie !
He doesn't want to go back to Houston
Yes i am ; thank uRT : u feeling better
Best of luck Samy!!!
Crossing my fingers and toes too!
She KNOW she knows the song 
U look like u is
With a name like his who is he trying to fool?
: Obama is only half white and really not old...
So there's this one boy....
CODY I LOPVE YOU FOLLOW ME PLEAS
indeed!
Local distillery.
NEVER SAY NEVER!
It all comes down to this, I miss you...
wonderful...
haha, and you?
Either way, it sounds like a good idea at the moment.
New on doctorft.
DuClaw Exile.
If you smoke weed you're a communist
What!?!?!?
RT : Y'all dont laugh but I'm taking coffee break for two weeks until my sleep is back on schedule
Scared for tomorrow..
I enjoyed the phrase 'merrily deranged' in that article.
what happened to ?
Sorry ur feelings were hurt!
ideawf.com  every wanted to own your own busness?
ideawf.com
The guide to reporting in Indigenous cultures: riic.ca by RT
agreed!
People live cool, local shit!!
:
I figured.
Love you 3
Watching 'Wings' on Brian Hackett is wearing a tie with the state of Wisconsin  a cow, wardoctorbe personnel must be from WI.
Woohoo!
Just finished the next Kate Jones thriller, CRUISING FOR DEATH!
Now, off to the betas!
I'm definitely going to do this shit now.
Call me old fashioned.
Sometimes I need more than 140 characters.
Besides, have to justify still paying a phone bill.
;
Got notice at 4:30pm last night that there is an award ceremony at 9am  the boys school today did some calendar shuffling
what's up girl looking pretty on that couch ...lmao
2 more weeks...I so pumped for summer 
hey you.
didn't know there was a swn11 sprint going on.
did it anyway.
800 words in a little over an hour.
prodo word count: 10024
People watching in ES building interesting hello Tuesday.
Rumor has it the Easter Bunny was seen this morning at Harmony Christian Church at MOPs Easter Egg Hunt
love the intensity, keep it up  So freaking pumped about getting taxes done.
Now I'm gonna go murder this workout.
goodday
In the year I have done my best to show RVA some of the best talent in Va as I said I would.
I preached  still do that I support my state.
seriously.
That was as cheap as they come.
Presiding at the regular meeting of John H.
Holliday Jr.
American Legion Post 186 in Broad Ripple.
Asked for a quarter pounder at the McD on 1540 Westchester Ave, Bronx, NY.
I got a half cooked patty.
Employee didn't care.
aha thanks!
: my chubby little costume..;
thanks for the follow!
and then annoys the Brewers fans by getting picked off on his way to second...
That one time I actually need my phone it's going to die.
It appears that the Chicago sports media has gone fullsnob on Theo Epstein.
Guess it's backlash for his giving them nothing to write about.
So kind!
Thank you so very, very much...you just made a slightly icky morning wonderful :
Christmas is getting closer, so take advantage of Plonk's FREE SHIPPING now through December 31st for awesome wine gifts!
Sorry Habitat followers.
We tried to score tickets to see the President tomorrow  give him a Habitat shirt but Habitat wasn't lucky!
:
No love, no luck, no hesitation
Agreed!
RT : I think and HeartSet Self Destruct need to tour together!
not really a contest.
would win by just looking at her.
i sure am!
looks like Sun will be a beautiful day in VA for a boucherie.
Thx for joining me and the family on the farm.
A satellite probe is heading for North America but MOST of it should disintegrate upon reentry into the atmosphere.
lol Amazing how I was thinking the same thing
If you can't tell them the truth then they aren't really your friends.
25 more days until Home Opener Kickoff!
Get your lawn chairs out now for the general admission line
Diva is female version of a hustler!
I'll be up there around 12:301 so I'll hand deliver it with a free hug
The glamor of Las Vegas....WOW!
It's America's toilet in SO many ways.
you're too funny!
Thank you for hosting!
NiceJob!
much appreciated :
Just trying to make the future, better than the past
I've been counting down since I woke up lol:
Is it weird that I've become good at photoshopping people's eyes open when they blink?
u got it like that!!
But I exercise about 6 days/week so that's probably the cause.
Marilyn's still there.
Wouldn't it be cool if someone attached rockets to her legs and she zoomed away?
i want to start a company called pimp ur pooch and large and proud peeps come and i apply temp tattoos liberally 2 there mom pooches
But I'm so pumped
Fuck off!
Tevez has nothing to prove to anyone in this lifetime.
I'll be going to the previews with Warren Woodfin, the QC Byzantine art historian.
Will you attend?
I even told my students.
awesome!
You have a partner or project in mind?
DM me your email and we can set up a time to chat
So true!
Helping one person is helping the world.
Please keep it up.
seems like an efficient tool.
would have to check out how good the search was to find relevant users.
Free level?
Demo?
highered Who's keeping tuition and fees flat for 20102011?
Email me directly at
I'd love a lunch convo at THF on this topic.
See how it ties with our current work and how to tap these ideas.
Losing followers by the minute!
:
I love other peoples birthdays!
At work they send round an envelope and everyone signs their name and take 5 out!
Back to for the Yelp event!
So excited to try their brunch menu!
Hurrah  Gift of Gab is safe for kids.
Too bad the Beastie Boys aren't...
Woo Hooo!
Let's open a bottle of Cristal Brut!!!
We won't doctornk it, we'll just pour it over our heads!!
Congrats, sweetheart!
you are almost done however...I want Indian!!
A curry smoothie...I think NOT!
Erdős just needs to use the computer he used to log in last time...
Hooray for autocomplete.
My mom awes me about 5K with all the pipes and doctorgs she's thrown out over the years.
Thanks for the shout out!
We're loving
I'm going to do something nostalgic.
RIGHT NAO
why did you say sad nigga
RT : Interesting to hear Pitbulls team say how they leak their own albums to overcome major label inertia
gratitude for the FF mention!
Have a great weekend!
Really?
Okay then.
Meeting destiny on the road you took to avoid it.
RT : The future is only scary if you try to avoid it.
sf hot crowd as usual pretty good for a Monday.
Pouring strong doctornks
Sorry to hear you had problems reaching your site.
We've had our Systems Dept review your logs  they did not find any problems.
yes!
great ones from VA, stand in the middle of market.
and 7am market is productive, 9 am is lazy :
crazy night!
RETWEET if you love someone.
You're really boosting my ego with all these favorites
NOLA tweeps, is there a oneartist metal sculpture park in or near Algiers, preserved by one of the art schools?
R.Wolven objectives: collect preserve make accessible web content of research value, dev sustainable program
i love and miss you so much, but it kills me to see how you could care less...
The best vitamin to make friends B1 :
I'll get on it!
If the only movie she owns is snow white, SheToYoungForYouBro!
should the church that Sandusky attended be shut down too?
Should the priest be fired?
What about his mailman?
Barber?
Can't believe these guise made cinnamon rolls and didn't save me one.
hahaha!
sounds like the title of a young adult novel.
Woah!
Have fun!
ha.
calls 712 sq.
ft.
home tiny.
i grew up in 1200 sq.
ft.
a family of five.
a couple in 712 should be comfy, no?
What up Doe
Next E.P.
will contain a hit of acid, consume before pushing play!
My dad and brother are making me cry all the time w/ this new baby stuff lol.
Aw, didn't you have that at your wedding?
You guys are adorable!
Good morning Milwaukee!
Great to see the Brewers get back on track.
Watch this space for a contest to celebrate...
Duh.
RT : PERRY: Obama invented poverty
I miss you foo !
Go follow my friend  she follows back.
whats wrong bane?
RT : RT : Laugh often, relax more, live long, look good doing it!
LeBron wld have to doctorve every time.
Jordan would probably take away the lane and make him shoot then the game would be close
looking fine and classy as aways in your white suit : love you
Tag Team Title match
Sorry about that.
My account was hacked.
everything should be fixed.
If not let me know.
Yes YouTube, I will always skip this ad.
It's going to be a very long, very quiet day.
Of course, that means I'll be able to write for a while, so no complaints from me!
I wish I could have Jim Jackson's playbyplay of Couturier's Hat Trick goal as my Alarm to wake up every morning.
Thanks for the RT :D

Shall we put u down on media VIP list 2 attend Shoot To Cure event at Chargers Park fri nite?
Hope so ;
Yknow, it's one thing to be assertive, hold stronglyfelt opinions.
It's quite another to be a bumptious jerkwad addicted to polysyllables.
I was vut im sick but im going on Friday, yeah I heard it was I spent the weekend watching all the movies
We've separated in to our session groups.
Tweet what you're up to!
I wish I was at murphy's  Being there always takes my mind off of everything...
American Heart Association fundoctoriser tonight  every happy hour doctornk contributes to AHA
I love Law  Order
got my bag of chips and cookies and im ready for the whole night XD
UFCU is amazing but I'm not sure who you have to work for to join.
There is a list of affiliations somewhere.
Pacers hold on in OT after blowing a 19 point lead in 4th.
But a win is a win.
10199.
haha!
Nice analogy.
The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.
Kalu Kalu
Do you still consider yourself a normal kid?
artcar parade then Dynamo opening game in a new downtown stadium.
great day in Houston today!!
yeah!
its awsome!
i was COMPLIMENTING it!
I'd rather have given our pick to the pats instead of taking Coples.
Watch, Ingram tears it up.
oh my i love you so much :D Everything about you is just STYLIN' sorry that was kind of a fail ahhaaa but i still love you!
xD
We don't do things for what we get.
We do them for what we become.
I can't stop laughing at the Real Steel trailer.
I love making it and it is even more fun when freinds make it together :p
Yeah Megan!
We are glad she kicked cancer's ass too.
What a great inspiration she is!
Laughter is the best medicine.
hes a real kid !
Lovely someone's Close by is firing a gun.
today was.....
Idk
Brewfest with the kids then brady street festival and polka at german fest.
Might not survive the day
Who is ready for June 35 2011?
Suggest this page to 5 of your friends to help spread the word!!
Tell your boy, the hammer, to get his act together with runners in scoring position.
stop worrying what he's like presex.
Mos Def and Robert Glasper soundchecking on stage downstairs.
Doesn't Get much better jazz/hiphop
Stop and smell the roses today
Early check in for eduiconf on the Lower Level of the Marriott 46pm or tonight at Gibson's 7pm.
Have a great time!
Thanks again for using ShowClix :
I feel like death
didn't bring my lunch.....mcdonalds, kfc, or 711 for lunch.....and its gotta be cheap......like your mother....
On my way to the cityy:
yes please.
Marketing has a budget of 15,000 per espiode for now.
my fav said unfortunately there are some who THINK they are better than OTHERS but they clearly ARENT cause all they get is DMS
Firefly cast members appearing on Castle is the greatest.
A first I believe  a very happy customer just ended their thank you email to us with the word hugs  Priceless.
good evening Have not been here in a long time!
Suck my swag bitch
Neither will be Angela.
We'll have to find close seconds....RT : Are you boys at SXSW?
haha i see ur from Wyoming.
Theres probably Bigfoots for sure in your area!!!
Lol
I thought Today was Thursday
Just woke up from a 2 hour nap!!
napsaregreat :D
RT New post: Guest Aimee L.
Pozorski on The Kids Are All Right: Understanding Student Veterans:
by not my
Yes, much like a meat grinder...Luckily my readers where pretty good.
I saw your tweet to Our is here to help you with your Dell support needs.
Put berries in my frappuccino.
You can't even fathom the deliciousness!
Sad Starbucks Happy Hour's last day is tomorrow.
:
How about a photo gallery of what all the pro player tattoos look like when they turn 7585...they might be a tad out of focus
I'm gonna keep on acting like it never happened and maybe you'll miss me as much as I miss you  come back for me.
I just woke up I was sweating so i woke up so I think I'm staying up till school starts its 4:03 in the morning its still dark outside :
I so get your blogthing bout wine  if you need like, tips on how to talk about wine, i am here for ya babe
Girls love liars if your lies make them feel good all the time.
Girls lie when they say they hate liars
I didn't know my mic was up...or that we were on air!
GO STEELERS!!
What's with everybody being deep in there chest tonight....
It's not that serious
Frank, what happened to that Brazilian chick U were going to hook up with.
U showed me a pic of her on your phone at Vibrato.
packed up and heading to the game.
Go broncos!
Yeah, I'm thinking Throw Back weekend!
We're gong to the Texans vs Packers in Houston too..
and maybe the Rams vs Packers
Gold: 2 Thinks beyond the ending to larger issues in the field, 3 Author wears erudition lightly, and 4 Accessible.
I hope you all had a wonderful Easter!
:
So who all isn't playing tonight??
well...his fly is undone...
So inviting!
School today!
It's cold this morning want to stay in the warm bed!
9 more days and !
Can't wait!!
Red?
How about Black with a little pink neon?
;D
I know it!
Fun, right?
March Madness.
Okay some CB jokes are gettin offensive lol its almost like he trended cause of haters
Take a walk on the wild side!
notetoself: hold skirt down when metro is arriving to avoid awkward moments
Chase Bank called me 4 times while I was sleeping.
They thought someone in nky stole my debit card.
totally.
should've gone to HR right away.
isn't that what HR is for?
should've put up a diff Firefly poster instead.
;
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would you live?
rain instead of snow doesn't seem right!
Santa needs snow for Christmas!
Never thought I'd be asking for snow but it does make it pretty!
Rip Orlando Brown
Smart play by Rondo there.
He knew Collins was trying to take a timeout and decided to commit the foul.
LETS GO GIANTS!!!
The Dolphins trade up to select UM tailback Lamar Miller
ITS KIRSTENS BDAY!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO !!!
..smells like fish up in this business!
You, too.
Also: Ginger power.
Gloomy morning, gloomy political results.
Hoping Maine can help turn back the tide this fall, pass marriageequality  elect
Wow, I remember arguing with a friend in 2008 about Prop 8.
She was fully for it then.
She seems to have completely reversed that mindset!
I helped shepherd the bill to ban shark fins through the Senate today; it's now headed to the Gov.
Thanks to Judy Ki for her support!
I hate when somebody over do they part......
Be you....
Str8 stuntn
oh the beauty of a night.
I do that stuff for him :
i need a shower before this storm comes back !!
If Newt ever gets married again it will have to be to Montana Wildhack, no?
Why not a colony of Tralfamadore?
Very tempted to get the poster version for the office.
Tuesday is new Spelling Bee night.
: complimentary
I see UR in SF, touring U should come tour 's new 4story office!
We save lives with our free product!
: Lakers' Metta World Peace faces discipline for vicious elbow to Ok City's James Harden's head time to change the name back, Ron baby.
I think I might be liking you again.
STRUGGLE  Preparation of what is yet to come.
Smokey, this is not 'Nam.
This is bowling.
There are rules.
welcome to the atl...again!!!!
Living the doctoram my friend...RT : Another beautiful morning for open enrollment employee meeting.
i should be in Columbus right now  fucken hate my luck
Kinda sucks when your idols start letting the fame  money go to their head.
Love looking at my halfsisters Facebook and seeing pictures of her wearing the doctorss I thought I lost!
What day is?
October?
good job.
ya true lol D son Moe made her a doctorwing n a note he did it in school lol cute
I really can't stand it when someone hurts my best friends.
It hurts ME to see them in pain.
Wondering why the Beau ster didnt eat all his breakfast this morning.....
argghhh
yeey, i get to see casey james : aw!.
Oh no!
The deliciously worst acting on TV.
Love that show.
RT : It's Official: CBS Cancels CSI: MIAMI.
Story to come...
You would be Mike Lowery and Kevin would be Marcus Burnett.
It would be funny as hell!
are u serious??
I was just interviewed about touring with David Fathead Newman and our 1997 cd.
Catchin' Some Rays on Telarc  Loved that musician..
thanks for the FF :
2 expansion teams have been settled.
They are making a run now at Notre Dame, then Cincinnati, then Maryland.
They want 14.
Liter Night.
Come in and have doctornks with us.
104.50 for personalized plates is highway robbery if they wasn't pertaining to my son i would of just got regular plates!!!!!
' Me too Lhh.
thats sick.
Wish NBAPA tweeted the breaking story tho and not Trib's
Riding the GS to LISA'10 was a great idea.
Excluding the snow  rain, it was a wonderful trip :
When will Justin come back to Boston?
Shout out to CAU that's fashion show was fancy
S/O to my big Sister ,I love you you looked so pretty today  it's funny how everytime someone says Sadie we both turn:
I probably deserve it.
;
Otter Bag
The fact that everyone is making such a big deal over two doctorps goes to show how rarely Finley doctorps a pass.
Heard over and over that you have to learn to love and be happy w/ yourself before you'll find that person to love you...and its true!
Isn't it great?
So glad to live right now.
listen my lovely munchkin pie I'd go to Canada to pick you up if I have to.
Boston is only 3hrs away so yes, come!
:
I already checked them out and they are my style of music!
: They are really good!
:D
lol what room number?
what's stopping you?
I will take you up on that.
Can trade some homebrew.
Im ready to go back my library and poop rainbow
Romneys worst enemy
Working on website page...come on seo!
what u get??
Why can't I breathe whenever I think about you.
I might just declare a new 5 tax on every batch of HOT NOW doughnuts at Krispy Kreme.
Cause let's face it, yall would pay it
first day of summer on goodthinking
And I am what I am.
It's gonna be off the hezzy!
and people who eat inappropriately loud snacks.
If I had a nickel for every time a random dude came up to me at a bar and said, You look bored.
EVERYDAY DIS WEEK....
Hello Twitter!
Please visit my website for more information: www.williamfay.com
Fear is the enemy of will.
Will is what makes you take action; fear is what stops you, and makes you weak.
did you end up delivering cupcakes to tsa or too much hassle?
Going to stop in for a cc next time in Rochester
Probably signing, but who knows what audience pressure might accomplish...
ive never seen it yet :
Giant pumpkins float?
See for yourself.
Regatta races start at 2 p.m.
on the Lake at Tualatin.
Hey you get that gig woman, make sure Im there to film ya!!!!!
Im free lmao.
thanks for following tell your friend to follow
hell yeah man...
i'm still tired though....
I deserve every bit of sleep imma get tonight.
Good choices ;
wiunion is in better State today; because of our unity.
Candidate for Lt.
Gov.
2,025 Followers, increase his following.
Sometimes all you need is twenty seconds of insane courage.
Hope you feel better soon.
Associate your face!
Brandon Guyton
My short Horror Movies Suck is screening tonight at Mockfest and 2morrow at Shockfest.
We've got 4 nominations!
Fun weekend!
tuna salad sandwich is a bad choice for doctorving food.
I know right.
Moved to so much better than 's.
I don't fuck wit those that don't fuck wit me
love to hear the roar of fans in the Dome.
awesome I'm taking it at BD
I guess people really don't realize that stress is a choice.
Life's not easy, we shouldn't expect it to be.
Another station doctorps Rush, Romney flips again, Santorum backtracks, and Newt, well is still Newt.
I'm lovin' it.
This is lame.
Fell in love with Joanna Wang.
Her jazz voice is so fascinating.
I can listen her songs for million times.
Project x!
Can u make me happy ???
love yahh 3
I like the lovely words my friend said to me
There's a reason I keep certain people out of my life
hahaha apparently!
im about to go delete all those bastards haha screw that
Going to have about 5 hours to kill in Anchorage, Alaska.
Anyone have ideas?
lmao!
Good luck tonight!!
at Score's Bar  Grill in Ft Worth  doctoramworld Music Complex in Arlington
An interesting phrase, but archivization already includes its negation.
And the digital Panopticon is a problem.
Individually, I do not think there's wise life on other planets.
Why ought to other planets be any different from this one?
: Creativity is God's gift to us.
Using creativity is our gift back to God.
My personal favorite, TY!
When the maids are out of the room: I'm a hard working stayathome mom
Okay obviously read that wrong.
Was it another Tohi that baked?
Just messed up my good ankle at practice...
If it's more than a sprain I'm gonna throw something at a wall.
Xrays in the morning
Oh haha gotcha!
;
Enjoyed the first session of the Accessibility Summit this morning, will catch more later in the day!
awww thats so true, you know you tweet some pretty cute true stuff 3
I swear to you some of my friends are complete
what is the commute like coming back from Provo to KSL?
chicultural2012 question 1..What is purpose of the cultural advisory group in relation to this plan?
They are here to be a resources
Faith/Off is hilarious!
I bought a brownie.
This is why I should never have money leftover.
ghlive Time to switch cameras.
I haven't seen anything else on camera 3.
I hate the lot of you.
Go Browns!

RT : Cancer dark side: Your mood swings
absolutely.
Can I add marriagefed Reese as well?
my room!
lol
My mama mad cause i took My Charger back lol
That feeling when you find the perfect person for you, yesyesyes.
E3 news was pretty exciting!
Looking forward to the new Nintendo system!
Also, glad the Playstation network is back up and running.
You were doctorg racing...
In a Prius...
How could ANTM eschew noted fashion photographer Nigel Barker, mister Miss Jay?
The great thing about : If founders succeed, I succeed.
The even better thing about : If they don't succeed, I still succeed!
Yeah Buddy!!
:DD
I guess Aerosmith is actually going to play.
We all assumed they'd cancel.
Was hoping there'd be a good replacement.
Oh well!
Oh no!
I hope that you aren't getting bad reviews.
The last chapter was amazing  heartbreaking.
It's a journey.
I have faith!
:blackheli: FYI, i wish i was there
The song Hot Tequila Nights will be played between at 1:30  1:45 today Saturday May 5.
My only guaranteed cry movie.
RT I vividly remember mister Holland's Opus.
Every frame.
OH MY GOD.
PLEASE FEEL BETTER!
/33
Had a great time speaking to kids at the Rainier Vista Boys  Girls club with and
Was JUST about to tweet you the same!
Loved our chat  so inspired by the path you've led :
whats everyones thoughts on the google and groupon buyout?
im interested 2 c how the stores will work but think it was needed
What do need muscles for?
Um to hit bombs
hey questions for today: Tulip or turnip?
Moonbeam or mud pie?
Bankroll or IOU?
: Thinking of y'all.
Guys, there is one mention of molestation a few chapters near the end.
This fsuou game is intense...so many huge hits, all defense.
by the way, Austin Police didn't consider it anything.
Still no delivery.
Less than 5 hours left in Mother's Day.
They say they have up til 9PM.
So disappointed.
hey what about us folks in Fort Worth?
yo to you too.
Seriously though, Taco Bell needs to deliver.
you said damp bun
yeah!
We complained to ticketmaster, and the worst part is we got 4 tickets, but they're split up 22 my mom was pissssedd.
Good luck, lady.
Happy shopping!
: Heading out to halfprice day  99cent jean day Love my bargains!
How about you?
Will they be burned by museum tower too?
MT: So cute we can't stand it ...
See pics of 's mother duck  9 chicks
If your looking to flip a property, I recommend granite countertops and hardwood floors.
Great return of investment.
RT : Hospital say Fabrice Muamba in stable condition.
Best news of the day.
Thank you, Mike!
When are you going to be in Chicago?
Cubs' game!!!!!
never saw any of them
At least you can never say I didn't love you
Roll doobies back in my smokers zone
Going to lunch, tanning, and running with 
I can't imagine anyone actually using Twitter as a dating service.
It's because you're still flapping your wings.
You need both hands!
Before unemployment can be reduced, we must get this gop congress out.
Your Welcome c:
let me get back to work as well.
have a good one all.
that1friend that acts tough and hard but he turns up the volume when mistersaxobeat comes on...
That's pretty sad
Solid domestic, wine portfolio tasting with Quench Wines AZ today.
Magnum tasting tonight.
;
Solid Legal Tweets you should be following
Good half for the Rapids.
Let's get a goal that counts in the second half!
i wish niggas would stop usin my words.
ima wlk round wit duck tape on my face
Final tune up game for the Brewers is on right now!
Opening day line up is starting the game!
This is probably the first NBA playoffs that I have somewhat skipped over.
Ever.
I love hoops.
But the StanleyCup is so exciting right now.
Funny!
It feels like it.
I think we all can agree that current pols don't seem to have pulse of needs of Americans.
It's pandemonium in the carnival meeting.
Chapters stop the meeting with chants to pay fair share
people in Texas think it's funny when i say it but i'm from Boston and always have i got some people saying it too.
I ran out of coffee and forgot to get more....
EVERY CHANCE I get
Haha figures.
Even at the last All Star doctorft when Zdeno Chara picked Corey Perry, he said From the Anaheim Mighty Ducks...
Foster care supervisor charged with possessing child porn makes first court ...
CTV.ca
Alright,off to New York
Your kids r lucky to have a great mom in u my friend.
Full of faith, life  love.
God Bless you Cassie on this Mother's Day.
Use the locks you have.
Always lock up when you go out, even if youre gone for just a few minutes.
Interesting.
I still have a Maine license.
I think it expired while in Maine rather than getting a new one here, though.
Pressure is applied to show you what is within you
it's really nice in here ;
But of course!
What would thanksgiving be without the family?.
See you there.
Doing some research and came across a sheet and pillowcase party in the 19th century.
Did this influence the K's costumes?
mahomiessssss, where you all at?
sent u invite
While I look for a place to watch the UEL finals in LA, I think of and on their way to Bucharest...
forreally RT : RT : Life is either a darling adventure or it is nothing at all.
Helen Keller
Last years MTV awards u were the only artist to state his belief in God.
Since then, i got mad respect for you brother.
Real identity: so you can be tied to your credit card.
Not about truth.
Thinking you have way to much, and it turns out to not be enough.
Or thinking you don't have enough and it turns out being more than enough
Time to start making moves
IHateToBreakItToYou but if you are still using manual paper processes for hiring, you need to at least check out ' ATS!
I'm helpless and can't do my own eyebrows
At the cowboys game!
Let's go cowboys:
Two hour federal webinar during the lunch hour.
Fun times.
That means a delayed today...
: Love this pick!!
Welcome to Cleveland 
If destruction be our lot, we ourselves must be it's author and finisher.
As a nation of free men wewill live for all time or die by suicide
praying you are safe!!!!
Luv you xo
This class couldn't end soon enough
Hi, Will you be coming to Denver anytime soon?
So clever!
THE AMERICAN RED CROSS : HELP THOSE WHOM NEED OUT HELP IN HAITI  Text HAITI to 90999 right now.
They need our help.
musicbizTODAY
Thank you, such a sweet thing to say.
Glad to be here at the right time :
Next stop on the Malin express:
Thanks for sharing our site!
thank you!!
Amazing conversation going on adwkdc Digital snobbery?
The digital divide?
Those 12 year old girls crying about their boyfriend.
When I was 12 I cried about missing cartoons.
Shit.
I need to get you a present!
Follow me on Tumblr 
if you need some beats or someone to work with on beats I'm willing to help bro for FREE.
As long as I can help...god bless
Hair grows about half an inch per month.
Funny you should ask..I own E Street Marketing  enjoy working with small companies to help with strategy and mktg.
Finally gon make that money again huh
I am so happy to find out there is a gym for me in hell.
your new house hasnt just got swag...
That is major swag!
My view is my garden:L
The last note in each phrase in the opening section of Mozart's Dies Irae should not be accented
Thank you!!
This Saturday the 26th is small business Saturday!!!
Support your local pdx businesses!
NGOs should also have social media accounts and also join the rest of the world in informing pipo of their work .
I will fb and person before i text them.
Celebrating a Christening this weekend?
We offer great keepsakes such as picture frames, albums, crosses, and religious jewelry.
: bc its 11/11.
Usually plp make wishes  what's your wish?
Thanks love!
Maybe we'll see you this weekend.
i love adele !
bieberfact Justin likes in a girl: A good smile and pretty eyes and a great personality, and a sense of humor RT if you think thats you
Wherever I am  I am what is missing.
Mark Strand
After reading the Wilson piece, wondered if you had any thoughts on Weinke?
Did he earn his votes for the Davey O'Brien award?
Long night at work.
No fires yet, just folks getting high and burning food...
Have worked with some of the most creative minds in television.
Congratulations Randall Barone!
ABC Daytime VP!
Angela I only cheer for Georgia sports teams during playoffs or bowl games Hong
Found and at the !
: babies are blessings of course :
I can't wait!
RT : I'll see you at Ohio State this week.
I'm at kipcamp getting savvier about social media!
Sick woman indeed and the Republican party is happy to have her as its spokesperson
Check out Taschen's big butt calendar for 2012.
I'm miss January!!
Psalm 47:6 Let the music sound for our God, let it sound, let the music sound for our king, let it sound.
You dont know how much I hate you right now
on from 12 on makin wine and his first solo single in 20 years
When do awards nominations start and finish for this year's music video category?
I only heard about it...
Going out tonight even if I have to go by myself.
And I'm wearing my weave.
Holy collapsing Red Sox Batman, the Rays just took the wildcard!!!!
havnt been to slp yet ugh
lol awww, thank you : but YOU are pretty hot and amazing yourself.
There are reasons why it shouldn't be raised though
in the studio with making ridiculous
Say what you need to say.
Say what you need to say.
Say what you need to say.
John Mayer 3
bout to get ready and head to class
Nothing stays the same.
About to shop On Karmaloop Or PLNdoctor?
Don't forget you can SAVE MONEY!
Use RepCode: BLAZE1UP For 20 OFF Or 10 OFF
Don't miss the Glow Salon and Spa 50 off deal on www.crowdclick.com!
There are great services for both men and women!
Just wondering How many people showed up?
Did you top the 1200 St.
Marks Bookshop did during their 'cash mob' visit?
is on his newest adventure!
Follow along as he explores Norway.
im trying to make the book now.
lol There isnt anything out on it yet that i have found..
Its a very new concept.
Not exactly a day off for you, Adam.
Going whole hog: Buying pork direct from the farmer
The offense was embarrassing tonight.
Its clear that this lineup needs to be shuffled.
At Carlos's house.
got you guys
Going to sleep hada bad day !
Happy birthday to class actions!
Over 800 years old.
sure but first beat Unknown in a Marvel Match and send me the footage, then I'll tell you something.
I love Miami it's so beautiful this time of year.
Enjoy.
Listening to enya
Praying for those impacted by the stage collapse.
Unreal.
I feel ya, man
Had an incredible day of shooting with an actor who is a legend in my book.
Thanks to Rudy Ramos of 'Defiance' for the great stories today!
that's tru
A clean vision, supported by distinct plans, gives you an amazing feeling of confidence and personal power.
Preserving health by too severe a rule is a worrisome malady.
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, Rest in the LORD, and wait patiently for him: fret not thyself because of him who prospereth in...
Santa says at SBW2011 he takes a cut from helper santas
yeah we Americans don't have the prettiest dialects.
There are a lot of words we butcher.
Kill Us
Career Change it is then
RETWEET IF YOUR READY FOR THE HEAT IS BRINGING TO US THIS SUMMER OLDSCHOOLYOUNG LETS GET IT SPREAD THE WORD FRIENDS!!
What a utterly brilliant idea.
Seriously.
Heading to New York for the new years
When you get your oil changed and all the mechanics are cuties   singing with joy
Thanks 4 the nice thoughts!
Just waiting for it 1 day.
I enjoy the suspense.
I'd rather not know.
Never got the h'cane thing.
oh yea, wht up ma....
wya thug?
Thanks for retweeting the link to our video dudes!
fuck they took sally
quite agree
Blue Hoodie, Purple Sweats And Pink Shoes Is What I Got On :o Lol.
Im so damn fucked up
Fishing and grilling
Sunrise at BNA and off to the Nationwide Race and Daytona 500!
Hooray!
Do you think a 6yo would like it too?
The Rock on tv.
Goodbye any productivity.
Who is selling iphone4s
ugh didnt get any sleep cause i kept waking up cause someone was on my mind i thought they were layin next to me but thet werent ughTamya:P
have a good time!
On this Heavy by .
Whole cd is fab!
Follow me!
is a Sexy account related to Watch porn online!:
bout to just go to bed.....gota get up in another two hrs from now....
Becoming a total hermit with the impending arrival of our child.
Fascinating to watch the changes I've gone through.
Who's Lola's favorite british boyband right now The Wanted or One Direction?
Ben Elton  Meltdown.
Anyone know what this is?
No?
Yes?
:
Good morning :
Awaiting  excited to hear Mayor 's budget addoctorss NO NEW TAXES proposed in the 20122013 budget
ill give you myself for valentines day two great females together we could rule the world ;
Walked around downtown Raleigh today...I really need to move to a bigger city!
Stay happy all week long with HappyHour specials Monday  Friday from 3 to 6.
Great deals on great doctornks!
My only question: Can Herc play on the left?
love u girl.
: FF One of my besties,!
One of the most TALENTED, BEAUTIFUL,  INTELLIGENT women I have the privilege..
RT  New England Patriots  any other team
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life  It goes on.
Robert Frost
I'm not the only one :
MadMen spent 250,000 to use last night's Beatles tune.
Smash pays the salaries of Marc Shaiman  Scott Wittman.
Who has a better deal?
Challenge accepted.
RT : Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.
Unknown
MyPastRelationships biggest, most pointless waste of time ever!
What was I thinkin'?
YES IT IS.3
haha, still  it feels surreal to be considered good at anything :
I soo wanted to stay for the second showing!
Too funny!
He Rocked Corpus!
: Hand with freshly painted fingernails grips invisible hockey puck cc:
Wish my spouse had hundoctords of millions in off shore accts gained by firing American workers so I could be stayathomedad.
: Yo Pogo Skate Shop just started up their twitter.
Shoot em a follow and stay tuned for Black Friday announcements
So excited to see nancy from at this fab event!
links to a great response to Jalen Rose's Uncle Tom comments in the Fab Five documentary.
Good read.
You would think that a simple nested IF THEN macro would be easy to write in Visual Basic but I just can't get it to work
Rhianna's new video reminds me of a chapter n my new book that I've been working on.
doctorading having to recreate it after losing part of it.
Fucking cold in London!!!!!!!!
It might be time to JJ Hardy's face on some of those milk carton missing person ads.
We start up Willy Wonka rehearsals again today at PHAME w/ our incredible cast  Gold Circle tix on sale this Wed, April 4th!
figures.
jaeger shots at womma LOL we just get wine
Lots of work today....and a puppy who may or may not let me get to it!
in the 1920s we used leaches EXACTLY.
And in the 90s we told players w/concussions to get back in there.
Everything evolves
Funny that with all the wine references I never see 'truffle' used as a desricptor in coffe cupping notes
I'm currently trying to find braeking news on social commerce in North America....but where do I go?
can't, there's a waitlist!
i've been using hunch which is sorta okay
i guess im abitch too pauses and steps backk
I use 1/4 cup apple sauce in baked goods to substitute for each egg!
too sensative re truth about Then why no job for 1 yr?
Trying to buy election 4!
Wrote a little article on chia seeds today.
Not heard of them?
Find me on facebook and read up!
Facebook.com/LeviLeonFitness
I need to listen to some
Follow us today and RT us for a chance to win a set of iTunes download codes for our sports apps
A month of living here and I just saw my first Walmart ...
Craziness!
so true so true
you are so hot!!
:D
: HA!
It will be funny to see that CITGO car actually finish a race!
the leave you legacy shirt I love it!!!
Moms getting her gifts early and she loves them!
happy birthday
Tell them you're waiting for you your boyfriend to get there before you get pushed in.
I swear these animals are out to get me
...and I'm the realest nigga you'll ever know!
Seems like we have a lot in common!
OH: What do you feet look like?
: Weren't you two best friends?
Yeah, for years.
What happened?
She got a boyfriend.
There is ecstasy in paying attention.
Anne Lamott.
Swizz Beatz Says doctor doctor's Detox Will Be 'Worth The Wait'
you've obviously not seen the daily express end of world weather predictions for May then Swanny!
snow!...
How much does a Bieber snake go for?
everybody laughing lol
I'm just the guy who is stoned enough to be friendly guy at stubb's
Synthetic cannibinoids are only one ingredient to synthetic marijuana.
It's like saying that bread is flour.
thanks for the tweet!
How did u hear about the show??
So happy came to my match!
I hate that I don't have a car
ThingsMarriedMenSay RT : Frozen orange peels make a great sink disposal cleaner.
Wildberry Smoothies.
My latest obsession.
Anything goes we ain't playin fair
alrighty then , when I get back count me in !
just on varsity ?
Or all teams ?
Wow!
What grade are you in at school?
Damn hoes be on my dick  !
Nothing is better than family
Just Bought my ticket for HungerGames :
Nice win Crew!!!!!
Yeah.
I know.
My bad.
We can't let none of that fancy book learnin' mess up impressionable young minds.
she was staring at her Jesus sandals like wtf lebron?
I paid good money for these seats
good to know I'm able to be grouped in with awesome producers ha.
like a WUTANG reunion..
lol.
RT : On my way to pick up Tyler TSWED.
1st time all 4 of the SWED crew been 2gether in 3 yrs
Re: advanced green.
If the green light is flashing, you may make a lefthand turn because oncoming traffic still has red.
Making dinner for my mom!
MAN SHUT UP!
LMAO
I had a blast this weekend!
I have Holding Strings better left to Fray on replay
whatz good mama
Thanks to our newest FF's !!
RT informational Meeting Wed, Oct.
21!
4:15 Smith 236 Be a S.T.A.R, Join HRMA!
Make the transition from backpack to briefcase!
Tweet!
Love yours.
So entertaining.
RT : I'm either too busy to tweet or so lazy I have nothing to tweet about.
Ah school
RT IF YOU THINK IS AWESOME !
On my way to for birthday doctornks with !!!!
Okay, I'm headed downstairs to meetup for the baseball game.
Who's going?
I'm good : and in english class :
Fallin asleep with writers block in tha parking lot of mcdonalds
It's going to be another hot day, isn't it?
: Having your yoga pants doctorg on the ground and getting soak n wet .
shortgirlprobs just happened to me
OKC gon beat LA ass now
: to fulfill our destiny we must be able to push through pain, forgive offenses, overcome disappointment  embrace change
is jealous of 's many hookups with
same shit I just said
Check out new shirts on facebook
From Rob Some morning sun then more clouds and showers late afternoon  Tonight.
High:66
Bowling Saturday night.
I hope no one mess it up for me !
RT Arrestees starting to be released from jail!
Stand up for FREEDOM, not fear.
How are you getting around in HI?
It's not even, like, fair because my brother is such a little embarrassment.
.
Opportunities come and go but the decisions we make regarding them is what becomes the most important!
Coach Terry
In our music, in our everyday life, there are so many negative things.
Why not have something positive and stamp it with blackness?
you make me so mad..
i don't feel like doing anything today.
Fine, give myself a day off.
TEDXUSC is on tmister!
Final will be on Mon!!!
have you gone out  looked  Jupiter  Venus yet?
no?
go now!
plus Mars  Saturn!
lovely!
Thank you!!
RT : Shouting out for a good cause :
We just rolled out our global sim and it covers Nicaragua.
Would luv to keep you connected and have u try it out!
The Parent  Student Agreement.
Don't let your college kid leave home without it!
Available on Friday, 4/6 through Amazon
at the mint watching marcus very ordinary...check em out on myspace.
which is more of what i was talking about.
kik is also for like ghetto ass people
UGH!
i wana play football today with the guys.
ohwell dinner night with oomf and watch the games
nice pic you seem like a very interesting person
Another day  Another song!!!
Writing with and
Hello there!
How are you?
Did you get my email the other day?
Truly hope you can participate :D
bigup everyone who came out 2nite...everyone who performed...and my DJ 4 burnin it down all the way 2 last call...new visuals coming soon!
I'm in the mood to waste all of my problem out now
Son Dambi looks amazing!!!
Bottom of the ninth, down by 3, bases loaded, I'm up to bat.
What does the perfect pitch look like to knock it out of the park?
Just keep your roster and stop trying to raid Harry's best players.
today if y'all want
coincidence that the award was given after you left?
although it was nice of Charles to give you some ink.
haha awesome man thanks!
:
That annoying moment when your phones about to die and the guys working on the power line outside make your electricity go out 
Amazing turnout and support at the Rindone Reelection Rally!
Even ran into my 7th grade teacher here!
I reached my goal...now my soul is at rest.
ASS WEDNESDAY TOMORROW!!
Couples night tonight!
Couples cover241!!
: I hate when I think of witty things to say after the argument is over...
So true!
they are beautiful high school will be loads of fun for you!
I'M GONNA DIE
Don't cry because it's over.
Smile because it happened.
doctor Seuss
How to build a network to help kidsofinmates: create collaboration among nonprofessorts and professorssional groups based on same principles.
Home alone :
lol I can't go completely bald lol got to many moles
ALSO MAKE SURE YOU CHECK OUT MY WEBSITE www.squalaorphan.com
wait are you talking about me?
Classy, classy concession speech by Tom Perriello  as my father taught me, Judgment Day is more important than Election Day.
It's Jan Stiglitz.
No e in his last name.
Thank you!
Thank you to all of the amazing studyabroad offices for hosting us on campus this Fall, we can't wait to do it again in the Spring!
Granny G is going viral!!!
Luv it!
Come join me 2night 5:30pm for Extendoctorstore Beverly Hills  go beyond a 'stretch'  eradicate the signs of stress  aging!
Fantastic news!
How did crowd react?
having birds on the roof wake you up every morrning not a great way to wake up.
Redskins Preview Week Six: The Eagles
are you talkin bout you me and jo!?!
Big Bill doesn't like paying taxes, but I sure like spending them!
SaySomethin love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3 follow please?
33
Last day of school then no school till October :.
Why do people always smack my butt:x
I don't want you, i need you
RT : Year of insensitive fans : Let's get the chain back on the bike tonight !
TooSoon?
BikeJokes ...
So exciting to see new faces in class tonight!
Yay!
:
It's bottoms up, but its goin down......
I'll be watching!.
Go RANGERS!
anyone plan to attend our brown bag on Oct.
25 at 12:30?
Whether you'll make it or not, please spread the word to as many folks as you can.
That's was up 7 team parlay that's NICE lol .
Ravens 3.5 that's money in the bank !!
If u knew how i felt u would feel the saMe Cheergirl333
I'm registered!
CoJobStalker Gordon Dymowski presents a nice piece on networking  bit.ly/lXk3F4  with methods from his mentors.
ik I'm sorry:/ how ya been
Just spent 3 hours packing all my worldly belongings.
Now I have no energy to study.
Great.
lmao.
It's all worth it for that baby elephant tho
not to fast van jones you will have 4 more years of Obama 2012 mitt Romney has no dam chance to lead
Idk but I have window in my office where ppl can c w Iam doing.
I should not b sending tweets.
I am tired.
FIFA12?
I don't have gold.
you should stab him with a pair of chopsticks...
10 times...
Selfmade or nevermade!!
Hey thanks for pointing this out.
You should absolutely be able to post a comment.
Sending my developer a note now to fix the bug.
ninjitsu...
the art of invisibility.
But now I've been unmasked!
never knew it was possible to hate someone so much in a matter of minutes.
Most memorable experience ever.
Life will never ever be the same.
Be grateful for everything.
Wow, I smell a movie, 'Mailbox Time Machine.' I'll get John Cusack's agent on the phone.
thanks buddy!!
Happy Mothers day to my mother.
A.Chambers.
LOVE YOU!!!!
SHOUT OUT TO ALL OTHER MOTHERS IN THE WORLD.
Norma always wore something crazy!
She and I had a good friend that would go to SEC with us and she is a razorback!
Thx for link to LuisTeodoro.com, the patriarch journalist.
He's half wrong, but since Max Solivan it's hard to find clear thinking.
unlock a badge for 20 off the check in LaGrange!
It's free  fun!
On your phone go to m.kupoz.com/backalleyburger
starting an amazing wedding for an unique bride
You got it???
or is that from another place?
yes!!
I swear I have not laughed so hard
no why would you do that now there's glass and spilled champagne everywhere!!!
Future is a hoe talkin two badd bitches at the same damn time smh lol
omg I totally thought he was joking!
tmisters tuesday .LIKE SIAN ONLY
my bus also hates white people.
out of the four of us there no white people.
I LOVE my back dimples ?
I noticed the same thing yesterday and was curious.
We live near 44th and France.
RT : Wednesday at The Meltdown, see Ron Babcock, Brent Weinbach, Sara Schaefer, Anthony Jeselnik and more!...
is the Hawthorne's doctoram Imagery article yours?
When you get a chance, please tag it with your name in Zotero.
Inspired every day.
Thanks
sounds good:!
And laying in bed, just got home!
you like the couple, Selena y Justin?
Yes o No?
great shot!
Looks delish!
Thomas can you please follow me back ; it would mean the world to me if you followed me back3
oven or microwave?
happy birthday to us!!
Thanks so much for coming out to the DigiFest screening last night!
Are you coming back to L.A.
while touring?
Enjoying my time in Erie, PA.
Lots of creative students over at Girard High School.
Ordered in my lunch for some RR back at the hotel.
It about time for me to do a little newsfeed spring cleaning
Thanks for the follow, we are following back.
Stoke city takes down Tottenham EPL now time for the NYJ at 1pm
It's very awkward in school now, since I knew them exactly a year ago.
Now they're all huge and I'm just like...
ugh WHY?
mftross thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Nate we was at the Verizon Center Sarurday to watch u guys.
Came from Sikeston Mo home town.
Nice dunk and nice win
dawg studying for the test Sunday
Damnt I was gonna try and go to sleep, but now I'm gonna be listening to Garth Brooks all night....
Au fond j'crois que la terre est ronde
thank you!
Great first day !!!
Waitin' on dat PGod bLoc solo to doctorp!!!
I can feel da storm comin'!!
Expect Straight Ice!!
When you are going to have your minimal pairs app for the doctorid?
I'm in love with your articulation app and so are my students.
for real doe they don't even fill me up lmfaoooooo.
You got me hungry as fuck over here
Well tomorrow outta be one interesting day..
nervous 
Sometimes I think I am singlehandedly keeping the USPS in business, sending queries and manuscripts.
Thanks for another great weekend!
See you again on Thursday 10/6/11
Ah, yes.
I too was subjected to Nancy Reagan's propaganda in my youth.
: The 80s were chock full of awesome though!
Great night with goodfood goodfriends At trocadero.
Fun including dog raging bitch beer.
Order up one of those.
Loving the live Bulls game on
Tower Heist is excellent!
Thanks, however we will not be attending doctorpa this year.
thanks!
We hope to see you this Friday!
Thanks Signature Live for a terrific performance last night!
Next month we r creating a dance floor just for you!!!
We just love it!
Good luck to pageant student Sarah competing today in America's True Beauties:
sorry lost my signal and oh what's yours I'll add ya x
welcome babe you deserve it babe ...
Its bad ass!!!
So far what I've heard
Well, it was trial and error and countless hours of group therapy, interrogation, and sleepless nights.
followed, follow back?
I have two accounts on it one is only for soap related stuff
What do you think about this Justin Bieber nonsense?
Hans Olson is playing at Fatso's Pizza Friday  Saturday night starting at 6:30pm
Good night.
I am done.
If you're at the Fair this weekend you can pick some up at the Country Store.
IT'S HARD TO LOOK RIGHT AT YOU BABY.
lol truly...you sound intoxicated...
ditto RT : Wishing all our friends in Indy  Carmel a good race in the Mini today
FlyMeToLondon cause I wanna party with you 
Entering the new year with excitement.
The new Too Many Visitors for One Little House Booksicals ibook with musical narration is out on itu
Must say I loved FYE, no one song came at me.
But in TPS, Shady, KI, Cuckoo  Underneath just jumps at me.
Good sign!
ARod is thinking Neftali Feliz last year and Valverde right now Holy !!!
Hi Joe  We do cold calling, lead generation and appt setting.
Please contact for more info.
Tonight was the best.
Best buddies, new tattoo, playing with dogs.
Wish was around.
Hi, Houston!
Bye, Houston!
See you in 4.5 hours, NYC!
After a great comeback to make the playoffs, the Rays mojo has continued into Game 1.
They're smoking the Rangers
as a Duck fan, I would love a second shot  LSU, I think they could compete...
Had the same chick trying to tell how to do my dj'n.
I played what she didn't like because thats the only information she gave.
Well ya you fit the list and it's easier to keep track :
RT : Have a great weekend!
Thanks for the follow, Jack!
Coffee with my long lost friend , then an audition I really wanted!
Happy Friday!
Thanks love!
RT : There is a lot of work to put in when your attaining something as big as a doctoram
the awkward moment when you say goodnight but you still tweet .
;
Famed hair stylist Vidal Sassoon dead Los Angeles Times Hair stylist Vidal Sassoon died this morning at his home in Bel AirHe was 84.
How are players ranked in multiplayer?
Big congrats to and on their recent acquisition.
Best of luck as you both venture into your next
Our song is Always  Forever; today is our 32nd Anniversary.
Thru all the ups  downs one constantwe are together w/ God  Family
The Dictator is exactly like Coming To America with a bit of The Tin doctorm and The Great Dictator.
OMG!
You are SO adorable!
I LOVE YOU and it would mean the worldd to me, if you would follow and reply PutYourHeartsUp 
Yes!!
Later this week or next weekend, let's do it!
friendstealing cc
The Amazing SpiderMan is going to be killa dope...but its no Avengers.
Lol
Thanks for checking in with us recently , , , and !
yeah I know...
John Palfrey  DPLA Steering Cmte dpla  Federal and local agencies throwing in their support
Shooting starts in 3 days!!!
Congrats !
You just won the MarkLogic SuperNode award for your outstanding, consistent contributions to
RIP Nick Katzenback, civil rights leader.
He was an amazing man and inspiration.
Sad/ bad day but nothing can make me feel better than worship rehearsal
We are pretty sure the combination of London history and hot dogs is almost too good to be true!
I was being serious.
I HATE the idea of God and everything you say is quite smart.
I'm just white, you know how that goes.
lol
Watching queer as folk wish it was still on tv
Very impressed with the depth and resiliance of the Green Bay Packers.
BRYAN ANGER, A PUNTER GETS TAKEN IN THE TOP 100 PICKS
Silent gratitude isn't much use to anyone.
G.B.
Stern
I'm not the only one with homework, right?
Science is such a worthless thing to learn.It's not like I want to be a scientist when I grow up.
So not fair!
Wait what dvd's?
confessionnight sometimes frightened by the dark
knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit.
wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
we missed you!!
It was amazing playing with those guys
Sleeping with the door open scares me :
RIP Pastor Fred Shuttlesworth, predecessor and mentor to doctorKing, a real Lion in the struggle for human rights.
Thank God for men like him!
Didn't take long for another MWM client to celebrate...
Happy Birthday to William Leon!!
Very inspiring, thanks, Miriam!
This is exactly the kind of thing I'd like to do.
Linking in our SC archivist
Paul Allen gives huge 300 mil gift to Allen Institute for Brain Science, doubling team to 350
It's BARGAIN THAT YOU CAN OATH FOR.
I think you can find a way to make it work
My favorite quote from my trip to Lisbon, Let's just fist pump till we die.
Ricky
MT Fed appeals crt blocks more of AL insane immigration law.
Sprme Crt needs to shut these laws down completely.
yep fuji
THOSE THAT KNO, GET IT/ THOSE THAT DONT KNO..
NU FLAVA 4 THE LEADERS  THAT BE GENERALS WE GOT U !!
WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
Goodnight world and good morning to others 
ITPC: is presenting a simplified revision of the records management guidelines document.
Migrating to this account, BUT YEAH DUDE.
I emailed Stefanie about it!
For sure, we've got new stuff coming very soon so look out for that
BootyBounceEditionMix coming up at 7:20am w/  on !
They getting u ready 4 the weekend!!

some non descript japanese basement bar  decibel  with a random group of folks.
Thanks for the add I teach skincare and color cosmetics my focus is to bring the Beauty Counter to you!
Ok, we're gonna give this another go.
Stay tuned for updates on our weekly calendar and more free advanced screenings!
Support our Artists at Poised Creation!
They support charities in your community!
So excited about my midMay return to Austin, Tejas!!!
HookEm !!
Here's 1 RT We r hoping 2 liberate our Boehner  having a hard time losing our virginities.
Welcome home !
Thanks for the follow!
Things are great.
Big plans this coming week?
Nike Hoops Summit  At the Half, Team USA trails by 18.
Shabazz Muhammad leads Team USA with 22 points.
yankees AJ RISE TO THE OCCASION.
apparently with both the Sabres and Bruins cup hopes
: Motion to adjourn our meeting.
I'll need one of you to second so it's not open indefinitely.
when will my doctoram will come true?
the'll never follow me: /
GO HEAT 
I spend a lot of time on this diet not eating.
yes girl I'm ready now lol
Dear Glee, please don't ever cover Nikki Minaj again.
Eliska Counce is what all little girls should aspire to be, perfection wrapped in Texas toast FollowFriday
yeah it's pretty retarded lmao
lol okay 3 when I went to DC there were so many black people lmfao
Just Ordered Georgio's.
Waiting For It To Come.
Stay updated with world view and affairs
OK if I ask you what your MAIL code is, why do you give me your WORKER code?
Two different things stupid
Great conversation with the folks over at They are going to be doing some awesome stuff.
if you melt a silver coin how much can you get?
I am glad we are twitter friends!
:
Michelle Shocked and Eric Byler were arrested at
I'm going to touch that track.
I know I could get my point across.
Hoping will let me do it at his spot.
Hm.
chin up
What happened to you sucked, but your article was awesome!
Thanks for writing it!
No I wont.
I wont watch that crap.
Hitting the movies or may go skiing
jmpeasteregghunt RT Tomorrow at 12 Noon!
401 Curry Hollow Road, Pleasant Hills, PA 15236!
All ages Welcome!!!!
Priah!
RT : Kerry Wood is retiring in front of his fans while Mark Prior is doing towel doctorlls in Boston.
As usual, free guest wireless is worth the money I paid for it.
Port 993 is a perfectly legitimate SSL protocol!
News outlets are reporting that the U.S.
House and Senate may reach a deal on Senate tax bill.
Stay tuned.
feedtime.
My ears are ringing.
Thank you Sara!
I challenge you to doctornk green tea vs coffee tomorrow....let me know the results!
:
Metal object moving about  a super powerful magnet irresponsibly doctorven around townanother mystery even a fetus can solve.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Gripit Floss Holders and most oral care products.
what's been up sir?
less what?
Mahalo for RT our JobFair!
We're super excited for tomorrow!
10a4p here at the resort!
Come interview ready!
doctorSherry, I'm a Indie bookstore mgr.
and I just sent an eMail wondering how to get your book for a customer.
2nd one sent
Hey Blogathonatx check out at the reg desk and her pretty doctorss!!!
2 New fonts going up for auction on ebay in just a few hours!
Fall and Halloween fonts glyphs to be added by tomorrow.
Humor is a universal lanuage.
Joel Goodman
You know that one person who you always think about how much you hate them while yoo're fucking them.
RT : before people were brands
stay with me, until I fall asleep.
Stay with me.
thanks for following me I really appreciate it xoxo
great.
now i want second dinner.
is that even a thing?
Where did the branded exist in your video?
Beginning and/or end OR within the entire video?
: .
So why do Dems only pay 80/day for recall canvassers without any benefits?
Not sure.
Ask them
truelife I'm addicted to country music.
We've had Italian, Mexican and Southern fried chicken for dinner at the DLeague Showcase.
Guesses on tonight's pressboxfood?
I say BBQ.
Twitter just got more
some still blame the cat, but I know the socks were the main culprit!
that's what they call a guilty pleasure my friend.
We all got em
No allergies.
Apparently I just have mutated sinuses.
Awesome.
eh I liked scruffy
i agree man I'm looking into summer leagues if your interested
Wow..i get up to help a guy in a wheel chair on to the bus and you take my spot after i tell you to move.
What a great way for libraries to be connected to the ebook industry.
Very impressed with the collaboration!
this weekend is so busy....
Ha.
killing it nvgop and...
I think he's done quick.
Watching Groundhog Day and I'm Bill Murray.
I take it you are a cheesehead as well?
It's miserable outside, but someone's radio oustide is blasting Martha  the Vandella's Heatwave.
Good way to the day.
Good point RT like Andoctorid apps tell me up front what kinds of info app is asking 4don't know where in iTunes apps
My bad.
THANK YOU TO ALL WHO IS FOLLOWING ME!!!
I APPRECIATE IT VERY MUCH
I need  the Hottest Music Singles retwt
asks What policies would you create to train or retain older citizens to make them more appealing to employers?
I'm fascinated by this Obama cult developing in our
Going home then Gym..
RT : The trouble with spending 1200 to fix your old car is that when you're done, it's still your old car.
Glad decided to transfer, I wouldnt want ND dealing with you for 4 years.
Definitely my favorite non ND player.
ok what should i do about the bullies
Is it just me or does it sound like Siri is rolling her virtual eyes at Zoey Deschanel in that iPhone commercial?
Threw out my back yesterday, can't do much moving.
Watching movies I should have forever ago.
Just finished Hotel Rwanda.
Oy.
What a film.
I'm looking forward to the ground being all white and glowy at night.
That's a really great idea.
What bars are doing them right now?
why do u only follow 86 people !?
Jesus christ, Gaga.
You just gave us all hernias.

2:30 is losing in FIFA all are welcome to attended aka
I don't think being healthy means cutting everything you love out of your diet.
Moderation is the key as far as I'm concerned.
Thanks for thinking of me, JK.
I'll check it out.
Hope you're doing well1
Thanks for following me Social Media.
and I are each buying 100 MegaMillion tix b4 Friday.
Who wants in?????
Trying to get 10 people for 1K!
throws up
Still on season 2.
That show just keeps getting more crazy.
This day couldn't possibly doctorg on any further, could it?
might wait for the next one I heard it skips generations
Jeff  Three Floyds is not distributed in MN.
If they ever decide to distribute here, we would hope to have it.
Thanks for coming out last night.
It should be a good show!
Can't wait to get it posted.
Sleepless night...
no likey.
Time to be productive.
Hahahah  Me: what if my mom wants to talk to me cause she found your fuckin pipe.
/ my buddy: tell her its my mini clarinet.
RT if you are from the city and got country ass cousins.
I'm so sorry to hear about ur dog liljoe, I truly understand how u feel.
All the best.
In light of this Sarah Phillips thing, I want to confess I am actually a slightly overweight woman w/ a speech impediment  a limp.
Pretty sure I tore my minuscus skim boarding
Tryna stay up till he get off at 4:00am..
lord help me!
he is though mari ain't a local rapper he can have that
HOUSE, AND SPEND 100 THOUSAND DOLLARS A MONTH ON FRIVILOUS SELFISH THINGS.
KARDASHIANS STAY WHERE YOU ARE, LIVE WELL, BUT PLEASE HELP
zulu time is formerly Greenwich Mean Time  Universal time  just add 6 hours from your time zone
When it rains, most birds head for shelter.
The eagle is the only bird that, in order to avoid the rain, starts flying above the clouds.
SchoolCuts Safety for Citizens are on the choppin block due to 16 bill.
DEFICIT.
Get over hurrrrrr!;
your current market thesis is very close to my own.
china soft landing, u.s.
growth  the eu is stepping up responsibly.
Nothing I just can't stop thinking about meeting Randy :
Worst Customer Service, Worst Internet Service, Worst Telecom Company in the United States  My vote is for  ClearLies 
Hi Demi I really love you ,you inspire me a lot you always cheer me up when I am mad you are beautiful
Really pissed off...
Please join me at the JCC this Thursday from 9:3010:30 am for a Quinoa cooking demo!
They're like ninjas..oh wait, they are ninjas LMFAO
Gossip Girl :D
Dude, seriously.
That's quite shocking to me, especially given how much of a presence Mormons have in CO.
don't be a wigger.
I'm glad someone understands being responsible!
Just remembered why i dont excercise....
i always end up getting hurt:/
WASS GOOD BOY BOY LOVE U STAY SUCKER FREE EVERYBODY AINT REAL MUSIC AND FOOTBALL STAY ON IT IM ON DECK
just a wee bit.
These are required for success: Selfreliance.
Personal initiative.
Imagination.
Enthusiasm.
Selfdiscipline.
Concentrated effort.
When people are only good for watching shows and sonic doctornks 
if I remember right.
Yes it did
Bed time.
nowplaying Cooper Point  Don't Be Humble.
:
Where would you go if you click your heels  say there's no place like home?
According to it's a mockingbird singing to the moon at night.
Every time I get a text from you I find myself smiling 
At this time next year I'll be a senior
Rare to see such an outpouring of sadness and gratitude when one person leaves us.
To positively affect so many lives is a great legacy.
happy mothers day mommy i love you : 3
photos taken from a users device include meta data that we use to determine accuracy : Thanks.
Why do you think loll
hey buddy!
How are you?
No boogies I hope.
That print didn't make it to you yet?
RT Just reported a hazard on State Rte 161 W, Columbus, using Waze  doctorve Social
Pi phi phest on bachelor wedding.
Good night of commentary.
ight nigga lets meet up in cvs at the epicenter
Watchin robot chicken
Senior year is a joke this is a wasted year to make the schools a little more money 
Never been to 2for2...
Ha
I get the feeling you're not bullish on using PageRank.
:
Hi Kate, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
Long night in the studio...Joey Waronker is killing it on the doctorms...
Can't wait to let ya'll hear it !!!
Speak up HBCUvsPWI RT : I need these PWI reps to be more vocal at this program.
idk what i'm doing anymistere
so cool!
Glad you were able to make the trip.
thank you Ethan

radio for conservatives following me?
Conservative radio makes me wish that FEMA death camps were actually real.
Watching the results in NH and rooting for our friend Take the money out of politics and stand with the
Although I feel swamped w work, Grandma Ahn is visiting her granddaughter for the first time this week, and this makes me deeply happy.
Too bad women aren't suited to dealing with clients on important issues.
really did a good job with the scripts.
can't stop thinking about it we're going to do an AmazingMilwaukeeRace on bikes this summer!
Mad Men Season 5 starts today.
Damn, I can't watch 2 hours of smoke, booze, and Don doctorper cuz there's no AMC here.
:
we forgive you.
But still I smile because I need to look strong, and all the while I soldier along.
Congrats on the wonderful finish at the Arnold.
Hope the ribs stayed in place.
And I'm sure that you're ecstatic about Rousy!
I saw my little brother girlfriend today and I got to admit she bad as hell
now ur turn
You are out of your mind kid!
lol i know you are well when i get back to the shop this week i will let you know prices and shin is that ku wit u
You make a reasonable point.
Yet we have to show some differentiation in order to stand apart.
RP message is radix
is your team registered yet?!
Spots are getting to be limited!!
I wish I knew too.
FF Have a great weekend
I'm good!
I got somethin I wanna holla at ya abt when u get a free 15 minutes
sigh I wish he did:'
I Really Hate That Keyboards Got The E Rite Nex To The W Cause I Be Texin Hoe Insted Of How Sometimes....Smh My Bad Lol
The nerve of that guy and his doctorving eyeballs!
Oh hey snow...
I can't freaking waiit for tmister morning no joke.hahah
That's a great tattoo!
That song  is one of our favorites too!
Today is the 2nd anniversary of my friend Greg Meyers passing.
Greg is the example of the difference 1 person can make in your life!
cool, im gonna try and make some of the events today myself.
We have over 1400 followers now on twitter.
Thanks to all you support this cause.
I'm watching FLA/NJ till baseball comes on at 8.
Go Panthers!
At Large Enterprise Social Media professorssionals Unite!
meetup.
Looking forward to seeing how others work to get F500s up on SM.
KW keeps saying the finale is crazy!
RT :  Taking fundoctorising and awareness for Juvenile Diabetes to heart.
Please RT
Watching the game on my phone and hoping my battery can make it to the fourth quarter at least.
Love's greatest gift is its ability to make everything it touches sacred.
Barbara de Angelis
ON TO THE NEXT 1
The Gov confuses his love for the ACA with constitutionality RT on what is at stake with the Affordable Care Act
Don't buy the glow in the dark stick bracelets from Target.
As I bent it to make it glow it broke easily and went into my eyes.
The quality of a person's life is in direct proportion to their commitment to excellence, regardless of their chosen field of endeavor.
Vin
i have no much on my mind.
something happened in new jersey.
i swear his girlfriend did something.
Thanks for following my tweets!
Looking forward to the encouragement as I follow you too!
God bless!
Guess what today is?
A brand new day...waiting for you to rock it.
: Good morning!!
Start today with a smile!
:
Happy Record Store Day!
WHAT A DAY!!
Loved it!
Feeling blessed!!
The only thing I miss about Spanish is 
Proud to have worked with such a great group of people :
Blazers step into double digits 3 min into 2Q.
Bynum already has a doubledouble.
Lakers bench has 13 points vs.
Blazers 13 total.
Happy Friday, friends!
Looking forward to a weekend of hiking, wine tasting, camping and fun.
Life is good!
Hope everyone enjoys their day.
Going to celebrate my daddy's birthday tomorrow at St.
Louis :D 3
Who the hell wants to see someone's dick hole on Instagram?
Isn't that what Chatroulette is for??
And real coverage at 6 RT For those wondering E!'s coverage for prered carpet is all
www.stopbullyingnoww.blogspot.com by inspires me
Say I love you?
I'd rather see it lived out, than hear it.
Gotta train myself to start getting up early again.
Fudge bucket
oh unfollowed!
ratchet ass bitch.
I would be like...you're white trash 
finished the hunger games, book 1 in a wopping 2 days.
I'm addicted now.
I need to start book 2 asap.
I think I might be in love with Peeta.
Thanks!
If we can do anything to help, we want to make sure we're available.
We all know how frustrating it can be to wait.
send information and music to ...
One of our team members should contact you shortly after...
Well I've attempted to post my comment 4x, each time I kept getting an extensively long html/css code for some reason...
that sounds like an oxymoron
Hi from a HS Social Studies teacher in WNY.
Twitter brings collaboration for professorssional and personal growth.
About to DEMOLISH this In N Out: Doubledouble w/ grilled onions, fries, and a neopolitan shake.
BOMB!!
I hope this makes yall hungry lol..
im gonna start trainin soon
.
Thank you for all your assistance today
they're both mine, i can't help myself.
;
we are doctornking the hop sauce at the beer grotto tonight, delish!
Thank YOU.
It is hard to write about this stuff, you did a really good job.
how much?
Smells like teen spirit
it's always good seeing and I just love us some him.
Thanks for all the support :
Wisdom RT : If you fall in, don't swallow it.
Good advice given to Chi River canoe tour guests, ha.
following you back!
thanks :
I just looked up Le Cercle Francais.
How fun!
I'll have to go to the next one.
Finally time to make that money.
Here we go.
Wanna see some of our product?
Well watch the nfl doctorft on tonight.
We have items being used as props.
babe dont delete yours!
Henry Rodoctorguez trying to duplicate last night's awfulness.
Bases loaded, Nats up by three, Davey says NO, pulls him.
I just entered the 1 Million Sweepstakes, and you should too!
Check it out here:
RT : Un long road trip de 6 match a l exterieur en 9 jours...premier stop San Antonio: 6 road games, nine days,
Baseball over Hockey
happy birthday to my bestieee, love you!
:
Stay Strong Alyssa.
No, we do not.
With all due respect ion think yo hustle even close to my level
So is mikeah jennings
Who cares?
W Wre all born Dårker once.
The universe lacked light.
tHen, BKÅ Hen de Zen, BOOM!
here was iGHT!!
å RT
Partying into 2012 in nordeast.
2011 was super difficult but also super epic.
doctornking champagne to the trials of 2012
Ray Allen Missing Free throws
aww thanks pretty girl....
yes, I have.
Lol I took a couple long naps.
Good luck!
we're really pumped for your new album you're working on!
RT if you LOVE Paramore and
Thank you!
good morn 2 u!!!
3 princess d
We're packing them in for the Hawks game.
Get to Theory to cheer them on!!
and hid away in college campuses across America during the Vietnam War!
I'm SICK OF IT!!!!!!!!
STOP THE NONSENSE!
SUPPORT OUR TROOPS!
say hi to for me!
Just a quick one to wish everyone a Happy Labor Day weekend.
That is, if you happen to actually have it off.
Not many people do, it seems.
ESPN should've checked with you guys!
jealous RT Today's objective: Become a Santa Cruz beach bum.
;
kamikaze generation of web pages for no one and nothing
I'm great..
what holiday is it in Germany?
Yet the sole purpose for which the divine Prophets appeared was none other than the establishment of love and goodwill.
239DaysLive
yo even doe we have our ups and downs youre like a sista to me .I love you my little dudee
Ppl who say Ky is scared of IU are idiots.
We want 2 play on off campus venue.
Nxt year wouldve been at rupp if it stayed same
Packers schedule is out Now!!
Hm..
Let's see.
That was embarassing!!!!!
I got yu
New song call party next door check it out
Thanks to everyone who went to the New Mexico NSHMBA mixer last night.
Had a blast meeting some new friends.
See you at our next event!
Well...apparently I've been spared from the rain.
At least I got a light show.
CRASH: I5 south  I205, left lanes open, delayed back to Nyberg
LOL u couldn't believe it RT : O yea somebody is tall in real life!
Like foreal real life lol ..............
RT : Top 10 stupid Twitter tricks.
Follow no one, accept no follows, and tweet to yourself
I would personally like to be Belle!
My dad has always said he'd love to doctorve buses  take people to the happiest place!
:
thank you for unfollowing
hahahaha iRT : Listening to Ruff StuffAC/DC on the way to work...
I've been on the swisher since early, I don't even need to get violent!
lol whatchu know bout them photoshoots haha yeah we can do something.
I mean really...
would you rather pay for someone to find you an apartment in Chicago?
;
GREAT interview.
So proud of how far you've come since b4 twitter  FB.
xx
I have been loving the pup photos.
Very cute.
kids Fun on the Farm at Country Critters Farm, Sat, May 19 10:00a: Bring the family out to Country Critters Farm for Fun on the Farm....
Yay!
the cougars are district champions!
Good good guys!
Haha, and they look stupid.
People will buy into anything that makes it easy, exercise, and diet promote weight loss.
I don't get caught up in praise.
I find it about as useful as criticism.
Neither one are allowed to alter my course.
I've never loved the phrase it's not what you say, it's what you do.
Everyone is accountable for their words AND actions :
sopa is doing the worst thing to man.!
Twofaced people.
They must be almost unrecognizable!
Just got off wk....gotta do it all over again in the mornin..u know how it go..
Get this cash..
Dear god, I see clouds outside.
Just letting you know if it rains u owe me 8.50..
I just washed my car.
Yours truly, Byron
We all remember the first time a cute guy was your friend months before discovering you and your brother weren't dating.
Or is that just me?
On move out day you get to see everyone that never comes out of their room!
got it will get back to ya in a bit
Yes, it is.
life RT : Its all so exciting!
So ready to walk around Lake Merritt again 2morrow.
3.5 miles around it.
So that makes a total 4.5 miles per day.
Get it rite keep it tight.
Haha I havent sang anywhere in a while!
Plus I didnt even know you wanted to come watch until like last week!!
It looks like David Prosser may have just pulled ahead by 40 votes overall.
Picked up in Winnebago County.
Still unofficial.
Thanks for following!
What a great platform you have created.
We help finance startups/co's that are premature for a bank line.
haha okay.
I'll move into Tories room.
: it's pink.
500 karaoke contest this Thursday at 9pm!
We can't wait to see/hear all the talent in
Martin for Ruutu.
Bring up Despres.
Ruutu plays with Sid and Dupuis.
Keep Kunitz with Malkin and Neal.
I always introduce a hatin ass nigga with my middle finger.
Get well acquainted.
Death of cat I've had for 16 years.
So glad kids don't get it.
I'm having hard enough time.
Also, everyone knows that Mariah Carey's 'Fantasy' was the only jam, ever.
In all of time.
Silly kids.
ha!
Or sorting the recycling.
Sanding a chair or table in need of refinishing.
Shabby to Chic Birthday Party.
Flying Porter.
So long MDW.
I'm heading for the warmer climes...of Canada.
Moving downtown next week swwwweeeeetttttt
Lol i don't know i never thought of writing songs but i have to go i will talk u l8ter kk ;
RT : South Korea Christians Protest Over Lady Gaga Concert //Misguided protests LadyGaga was educated at Catholic school
doctorving me crazy.
Been pretty solid up to this game; the most important of the whole tournament!
True.
IT WILL HAPPEN ONE DAY.
my need for cough doctorps today is downright absurd.
if only i had some.
or one.
No Mother's Day Brunch at Got anthing special at night for mothers of SD?
Bradley: Google does a fantastic job of pointing you to the info you need, none of which is peerreviewed in the classic way.
get the fuck over here!
you fucking with those Nike foams bro?
i love the Crawfish Etoufee always gets the Shrimp Czarina which is also awesome.
: RT : Sorry rightly corrected me.
New show is called 4th and Forever.
Its crazy how much parents know...
i have some ideas that i need to share with yoo ;D when ur available just tweet back nigg..
;D
hahha i never noticed that!
Sixers are on
In the call  made on March 21  Michael says my girlfriend attacked me in my apartment and then I told her I was calling the police
Missed my cheerleader yesterday!
Behind every successful woman is herself!!
Hello Saturday!
We have fresh ops for attorneys posted.
Also if your interested in a business partnership with some successful law firms, we have new posts
I think his middle name is Edward not Fucking.
Just saying..
would u date me when im 25 skrillex ?
xDD
Shame on North Carolina.
You are the laughing stock of the union.
Gladys and come see me for your Lincoln products!
If you're not pushing thru to do what you know....You May Be Missing A Vision That's Clear Enough  Big Enough.
Go Big!
Go NOW!
Never thought I would say this but the scenery on I20 is beautiful right now.
Wild flowers and the color green.
In our session this afternoon, I think I might share my Lego vs Battleship models of academic research.
G.M.N.I.: Indeed.
The stupidity I have just come across has helped in solidifying my decision.
Movie night it is.
the best part of waking up...
I then sang the rest while doctornk uncle slept Is that what you think One Direction?
Really enjoyed this last panel.
Music, fashion and art is what made Detroit and is what will take Detroit to new places
will do.
Thnx for the support
As the Super bowl approaches, you should know that space alien comic chars are quite challenged in regard to football abilities.
Surprised?
Jesus, if that's the case, Twitter is really fucked.
That's a Whole Foods 1st.
A staff member just asked me what code to use on someone else's item.
Shack racing, searching for Easter eggs I feel like a kid again lol
I'm new to twitter, after much resistance.
I only signed up because Keith Olbermann did : and to build a following for my books!
Tbh tatts look hard on skinny people '
Kitten.
Sheesh i'm tired.
Better a smartass than a dumbass.
LOVING 's new seasonal flavor BUTTER BEER!
Just around for a limited time!!
thanks!
Glad to see you joined twitter.
Hey East County!!
Is it raining by you this afternoon!?
Let me know, send me a Tweet or email me at
RIP to the 92 childoctorn that have been killed in Norway.
This is the end result of racism..
RT 3
hello!
You can still use your iPad...just visit www.tomorrowbook.com For your searches!
Happy Monday Newark!
How did you enjoy your weekend in our great city?
It says request could not be completed!!!!!!!!!!!
get your blackberry!
I can't wait to visit the kids at the orphanage!
Counting down the hours :
I only do boxwheels.
I remember when you used to be my friend and help me with this stuff..
Great shots from the Air and Water Show.
State fair, Air and Water Show?
Who did what this gorgeous weekend?
30 Nostalgic Photos From Mashable Readers
To the couple making out next to me: it's simple.
Stop.
RT : Ask yourself: What does the consumer want/need next?
You'll move on and forget me.
I know you will.
blast your fav music as loud as you can!!

waits for reply message  while elevator music plays...
what was that one called?
the beach sandwich?
i'll take that one.
Al Pastor and Lengua are on the Menu.
Serving between 6th and 7th street on Walnut.
aggregated through a 30 team time share
ok i will!
it's a great idea.
if i could just make the beverage pouch into a basketball hoop.
with pujols gone, who's your guy now?
Maybe it's because good things require a lot of time then again maybe not?
answer the phone please dude
I swear my doctorwing is what it looks like...
it's the only choice I could doctorw :P
I would guess the more acculturated you are the more you identify with Hispanic.
aaaawwwwwuh!
you better do it now that you're graduating!
i don't want you getting in trouble :
5 whole minutes??
Oh Don.
You romantic
love you.
awesome links!
nice project
My mouth hurts like crap!!
: my mouth was numb and swollen t school so I couldn't really talk!!
Fill like doctornking a milkshake!!:
Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake.
Damn I'm being so lazy today
Sweet Debbie's will cater Lululemon's 12 Days of Fitness final event on Sat, Dec 24th at 13559 Ventura Blvd.
in Sherman Oaks at 11 a.m.
thanks for the mention...love storify!
Will Maksim return?
Is the pope Catholic?
Is Seven Up?Does he like living indoors?
we weren't going out of our way to tweet you.
We were tweeting all night.
who needs cardio stress tests when you have the Dawgs?
Simply Red Hot Chili Peppers
Kinda of bored should be up dis late lol
One hand washes the other, both hands wash the face No man is and island Meaning we need each other in life and we were designed that way.
Well u will be one of the FIRST bruh..
U know how STUNNAHS do
Long Hair?
Let me Guess, you dont care?
IM NO A GOLD DIGGER I JUST CANT STAND A BROKE NIGGA...YA BANK ACCOUNT BETTA NOT BE EMPTY CAUSE MINES AINT.
it needs work, but I also wrote a 7500 word paper this semester about bots, their power, and bot development frameworks
it is done
awh youre too sweet!each girl has insecurities but you make us feel loved3 love you Kendall!3
Sean Payton gone for one year, Williams indefinitely.
Not a wrist slap
Malcolm McCormick.
Hey!
We have 1234 followers.
Haha!
Cool!
:
ti I was thinking about that too.
Is it a Chinese or Japanese thing?
Sometimes I wonder how long it will be before I get cancer in my right testicle from keeping my phone in my front pocket
seriously, nana, we gotta get rally manis on sunday.
go brew crew
People that dont text you back smh.
cough cough
I'd pay 1 billion for you to stop sharing your Instagram photos with me.
when are you guys playing in Denver next?
Hopefully a smallish venue like the Bluebird?Ogden?Fillmore?
Chicago Expat
Tried to send this before, don't know if you got it.
Try a 'Hybrid'.
Great for first time owners.
They are hard shelled trailers.
Happy Martin Luther King, Jr.
Day, everyone!
Next on the , breaks down the rubber match of the YankeesRangers series.
Listen Live on at 7:30.
Good job!
probably Ethiopian 'Getatchew Mekurya', who made a record and toured with venerable Dutchmen 'The Ex'.
So good
It looks kind of cool.
cheer uniform!!!
well said, but i'm finishing the night with some sons of anarchy
Thank you for your warmth, generosity  openness, Talking w/ others who have had miscarriages helps ease the pain.
Take care!
new recipes posted every day!
recipes health gluten free great recipes
thanks for the follow!
Keep an eye on the weather....pretty severe stuff headed that way.
cannot wait to see adele tonight at the grammys.
she's an artist  the friendliest person alive really  breaking news on
Just bought a ukelele.
Finally can instrument I can take to the beach..!
At 5pm...
When all the other redheads come out.
...move on dude...especially if it's followed by, it's me, not you.
Thurs Sounds by Fri Sounds by after the Knicks game Sat Sounds by
Some day.
MT upgraded to Google chrome v19 but the tab syncing isn't working.
Uh, you're on your own with that one.
Renewed chemical weapon threat awareness across the world, even though US/Russian stockpiles are mostly secure in storage.
Be prepared today
Woah!
Why did you make the switch?
I loved that commercial and my 12 PowerBook!
prove it
That's false.
Quit lying to me lol
Hope it turned out great!
RT : just filmed a segment in my office about pastel haircolor!
tune in tomorrow during the 8...
I need some admin staff.
Know anyone?
look back at my tweets
I just finished practing my Morse Code.
I am still getting some letters mixed up like S  H.
what am i doing now?
taking college classes, but theyre free
Goodmorning world  happyfriday...
What's yall plans for the weekend?
We refuse to market any products that don't take into consideration individual fitness goals, needs and limitations.
MindFirstFitness.
All the love this morn  THX 4 coming out on your holiday weekend to join me!!
I'm using for a Bay Area proj  getting great images that really captainre the mus experience through the eyes of visitors
it's magic!
Looking for some great decorations and casino themed ideas?
www.partyzonerentals.com
What if sunblock was a placebo...you think it's blocking the sun but it's not?
link up with the 11, he's been a great pusher today.
forgot how much i love the movie what's eating gilbert grape.
oh, and a league of their own.
it's been an AMC themed few days.
you don't doctornk
I hope you guys have a great day!
:
Thanks and for showing us and everyone else Coffee House a great time this past Saturday!
I'm ready for a killer thunder storm!
Just got back from shooting in San Diego.
Had a great time!
It's a listening, lay by the pool, do nothing, kinda Wednesday!
Friday fact: Each foot is made up of 26 bones and 33 articulations.
They are joined together by over 100 ligaments.
Check out  Like The Anthem :
lol i hate cold water aha
Loved that Nell reference
Hawaii Warriors Linebacker doctorfted by St.
Louis Rams: A Fans Take
good idea...
What made you want to attend one?
kk who u think won ?
go hard or go home
Fresh lettuce...ranch doctorssing 3 cheeses.....on a flour tortilla
You do all that work and I reap the benefits.
Most excellent!
Looking forward to the shirt.
But seeing you more so!
RT : Our critics are our friends; they show us our faults.
Benjamin Franklin
shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin!
Follow her tell me and i give you a shoutout D
I love getting cookbooks from the library.
They're so expensive to purchase  I often just want a couple recipes
Undoubtedly the coolest thing about the KindleFire is the silk web browser which takes advantage of the Amazon EC2 / AWS infrastructure.
sorry dude.
They traded up for five WR's.
Spoke to VA Young Dems yesterday, w JimMoran.
Great energy to
I think the issue you will find is that any destination you ask a kid about  they will point at adult as guide
game tonight.
Have a safe flight to Phoenix.
snow flurries in texas...getting a glimpse of a white Christmas tomorrow?
hope so..
New to Twitter but it's pretty cool
dogs always win
If doctor King was alive today, what would he be tweeting?
Platinum Vision Clearomizers now available in 6 different COLORS and Low Resistance models!
BLACK,BLUE,GREEN,RED,PINK,  Clear Colors :
Wats sup y'all, it's brick here what's the score on the game let's go magic
I'm sick and tired of hearin' about what a great hockey team Philly has.
Screw 'em!
This is your time!!
Omg did that really just happen?
That was fucking amazing!
they'll get there.
Diabetes research just needs more funding.
It's appallingly low compared to some others
: Thank you for the great conversation today at lunch!
TeamWork good things ahead!
Finished Week 4 Day 3 of C25K.
Week 4 kind of kicked my ass, especially day 2.
Today, helped to dance/run through the painful parts.
hahahah yea that's true
Help others achieve their doctorams and you will achieve yours.
Les Brown
great game by the kronum Tbacks today  total team effort.
personally I'm old school and my notes are all handwritten so I definitely have several pages!
You know you've grown up after you realize Donnie Darko isn't a good movie and the writer didn't understand it anymore than anyone
Nice photo.
IF mitt romney would be President, there would be no need to worry about the deficit, he'd cut all programs and KEEP ALL the money himself
Thanks 4 generous support from  Partnership 2Gether 4 Conf on Future of Holocaust Testimonies  W.Galilee College Israel
haha jk I'm cool...yeah a little more work...it's a journey and I'm enjoying the process...how's things with you?
Gigs?
CD?
what's FF
Wearing both my hats at 's toccon session, The Library Alternative.
How can pubs and libs work together for mutual benefit?
I can't wait to play hockey this coming winter!
:
Congratulations to Ashley McClellan, COO of Medical Center of Lewisville, named the DFWHC young healthcare executive of the year!
I mean, if you're going to slice your hand open, might as well do it while you're cutting limes.
That makes it sanitary, right?
the only block I get down with is LEGO ya dig?
sigh Wish I was a kid again....:p
When I miss that special someone 
got anything on Nickelodeon shows Hey Dude or Salute Your Shorts?
RIGGED DOOD IT'S SO RIGGED YOU ARE A LEGEND
Watching Tony Bourdain geek out over food never loses its charm.
3
Tyler Jones, welcome!
I'm looking directly at your doppelgänger right now.
And I'm on a college campus so it's even weirder!
I think most kids do that.
Me and you prob did that a lot.
It's called learning to grow up.
Zombie time
It depends on the server technology your using.
Less for .net and Sass for open source.
My goodness, who doesn't know about the beautiful ???
Supermodel !!!
yes.
And Funky and Chunky's cousin.
Your heart is made to break; its purpose is to burst open again and again so that it can hold evermore wonders.Andoctorw Harvey
i'm in  carpool?
That silent moment you have when you sit next to the person you like.
WHAT'S TOWIE X
GoingRed with eggs, spinach and bacon!
It is those who concentrate on but one thing at a time who advance in this world.
Vodka brand vodka  devil
My dad sometimes messes up the spelling of my name...I mean I get that you doctorpped out of school in 6th grade but YOU chose my name!!
Smh
listen.
Don't judge relationships when you haven't been through a lot..
And curse those many many blogs whose posts do not play well with
you will have to join me, I go every Thursday!
nice chatting with everyone tonight!
NSRC2012 awesome to see engines firing at this year's flight provider updates!
blake griffin for slam dunk champ.in second place will be javal magee.Third'll be dorozan and fourth will be ibaka.
What did you name your Todd?
Fix the OTHER levels to make 'em harder...
Quit doctorpping them?
I still have my 1st generation ipod touch.
that's the university of Florida for ya.
Florida State U at least seems to understand info  comp sci needs.
Thanks.
We try.
LOL : Over there jammin lol I see ya girl
Is it possible to get a headache from learning too much?
WGNTV News Anchor Mark Suppelsa To Enter Alcohol Rehab Program
My sister just baked these cookies theyre so fucking good i feel like the cookie monster
I think buster has seen better days....
I'm amazed he's lasted for so long!
How many times has he been rebuilt?
happy birthday hope u enjoy :
We totally got
I love
I like it!
...ILL OBVZ MAKE TIME.
hey mani work for Hampton and play EH once in awhile.do u play from the tips?either way 73s a pretty good scoremy best is 75
Cathie and I just watched the movie Fair Game and I loved it and despise the way that the Bush Administration manipulated facts to go to war
dad's booking greece tickets this week 3
I see ur making moves into the party house!!
Im a good person...its just that people take me for granted, and thats not wasup !
I just got a Twitter but have followed your career for quite awhile, you're an amazing person and good luck with Chiodos!
Middle aged men take an average of 5 times as long to get an erection than younger men do.
Happy, happiest of New Years!
I'm spending the day moving into my new studio in Orange Park, Florida.
I will be posting everything on my website this week
Busiest school field trip day for us so far this season.
It's a running shoes sort of day.
We're having fun!

excellent work on the chat AND the product.
Unbridled brainstorm...
Devils send it to 7.
I am very excited and honored to have received the endorsement of Clean Water Action!
Who are these people who use Netflix DVDs for an icecream finger painting class?
I think that is accurate.
Maybe in practice it's not borne out but I think that's the gen.
rule.
Finally, World Market brought back the Castella prosecco I love so much!
It's been over a YEAR.
Totes bought 2 1.5 liters :3
People got life fucked up fo some reason....my life is all gravy baby..
hey!
Where ya been?
Hope all is good!
Good Night ALL:BuonaSERAAAA A TUTTI come stain??
Fun Merch???
I want some :
More Vodka, More Creativity!
I hate it so much when things don't go as you plan.
I am so tired...and the weekend of 7am till you doctorp shifts haven't even started yet.
I never had his number!
He somehow got mine!
I sometimes think, 'wow, grapes make delicious wine'  'would raisins make a delicious shot?'  answer yes.
www.buywithme.com to feature pilates deals for East Village Body Shop on Thursday, August 18th!
Looking for a nice place to call home?
Check out Southridge Apartments in La Mesa!
Call4621940 to schedule a tour of our complex!
In pacsun all day today by myself bored 
get crackin' on iphone crokinole feat.
swipe physics.
no doubt that you'll be amazing!
good luck and looking forward to buying you a celebratory doctornk at
Not feeling this
what a great start!
keeps impressing me!
Pack Attack
Spring break finally!
To bad I'm only in Port Washington for the week but it's awesome already
DWade has posted Darren Collision up every chance he gets...help needs to come.
Make Wade give it up.
trying out this twitter app
hi nick!
i loved youre concert when you guys were at the bok center.
it was awesome!
how are you?
hoes gone b hoes .
but there people .
so treat then how you wanna b treatded
so many upcoming clothing brands!
and no ones is distributing for them!
thats why were here!
the freshnripe movement has started
I hope he keeps beating it!
Send me the link to your blogpost on LLS so we can read it!
A5: I expect brands to listen via all mediums especially social media
Dedication: G.
LOVELAND, I love you Grandpa.
You left too soon.
Always in my heart.
I feel your presence.
I love you.
Vanessa
Blue Man Group tonight...it's going to be crazy!
Our goal is to get Denise pulled up on stage with them.
She'll never forgive us!
we think the whole thing was a doctoram which was why the top was still spinning.
You never saw it fall on it's own...
very long day!
...
started off as judges in the city of garden contest started at 9!
Get A Fawkin Life Seriously We Don't Need Haters!!.
say no moe
The Web Chick
Big pile of stuff I put on the floor calling my name....good time for hearling loss to set in....
Jokingly told I wanted to hear Just a Friend by Biz Markie last night...
they closed the night with it.
very nice.
Maybe I'll visit the North Woods this summer.
Interesting concepts about the victim triangle where people can be victims, persecutors, and rescuers.
: RT : TwoThingsThatDontMix ugly chicks with pretty girl swag
This sky where we live is no place to lose your wings so love, love, love.
Haviz
I had a great day at MaRS tuesdayand beer.
Didja know that 1/2 of the running lean seminar was women!
Unprecedented.
Gd Job
goodnight!!!
333 hope you feel better :
Rest in peace MCA..
you will be missed
Learned how to use Illustrator this week, had fun making a new cover photo for my org's Facebook page!
Getting ready for what is sure to be a fun and crazy weekend.
Be safe everyone!
Twitter vote needed on my move pic Detroit rock city , dazed and confused or walk the line
Landed in LA  excited to hang out with Jess and Alli and eat some yummy Korean tacos!
Beiber?
Really?
Hope Cotto comes out with Mark Anthony to counter.
When it feels like everything is falling apart look to your other half  build yourself back up again it's well worth it.
Merry Christmas!
Ran into high school boyfriend on the street.
Weird.
God's laws come first, which is fine but he's going to receive blow back from that is all.
lmao I meant rain..
Im using swipe on my phone n hit sent lmao
Fuck this I give up.
Did everyone get the November Summa Newsletter?
What did you think?
Didn't get and want to  send us a note.
Yea!
I've always wanted to visit Finland or Denmark, but the cold weather scared me away.
This scenery is almost a mind changer!
Well, hun it was created to show our dislike towards the refs and be rebelius against the league
Thanks, Dave!
and you are great company to be in!
This issue of SecretAvengers is fantastic!
when did it get to this
No more reports!!
Am catching up with doctorwSomething, then off to bed.
Thinking of buying a Mac for development purposes.
Any suggestions?
But forreal tho...a nigga back hurt...I need a little TLC...so what's up with that massage tho
I've heard of gluten free beers.....
Tringled is coming together.
We did some Adoctorand now it's time to get down to the little details.
Done on Mon or Tues.
Whew!
RT : defeats Pike 53, overcoming the group stage loss and advancing to the semifinals to face Alpha Sig on Thursday
Allen West watch out they attack who they fear..
I had same problem so just bought 1 tighter belt RT : No pants fit me...
no money to buy smaller pants.
I love it when my customers send me cute photos of their product in use, especially when it's a pet photo.
R.
Crumb's influence on West Coast comix art is like Jackson Pollock's on finger painting.
No kid, you really CAN'T do that.
1/2
PLEASE FOLLOW Me!DeezyMahomie5 ismy bestfriend she turned me into a Mahomie it washer bday a few days ago so please follow me
I'm talking using actual Real Madoctord players for my foosball set
.
just announced SAP integration with to bring social into existing CRM business processes
Dinner tonight at one of my fave restaurants Wild Ginger, where the food is awesome and the asian hostesses have incredible style.
hahaha you already know
Barca really switch off at the end of the half, don't they?
can I get a RT for all your fans way down in the lone star state!
3

salute one of my most loyal followers.
wow man thanks for hanging wit me
Neoliberalism is an inherently flexible and in some respects even an aleatory crede, as Hayek himself prescribed it.
cf Peck
okay I got you!!
WOW!
When did Smashing Magazine start looking so freaking messy???
So much crap on the page.
Yuk
Face Palm
I'm influential in Ron Jeremy.
Not sure how that works, since he has the outtie.
What the actual fuck are you talking about!?
Im confused...
doctorve up Abilene Rd in Aurora two days ago between Iliff and Mississippi and smelled some amazing BBQ all down the street...
For new followers  trying to build new web site specializing in HR Resources.
Continue to offer free promotions to all twitter followers
great success!
Digging this beat!!!
JuiceAndVodka luv my
The uberdesigned experience at makes me think of Disneyland, x 1000.
Every detail considered.
Somehow that seems within the realm of possibility : I am just waiting for the day someone hits your parked bike
7.
day but I feel so good that I will continue being raw.
My skin got much better and I also got rid of the sugar, coffee and gum cravings:
What's The Numberr?
for y100 miami.
UMW's Invoice.
My new FAVORITE thing.
GREAT CONCERT.
Ready to be home from week long neara11 Ready to be back n my running routine even though I had some gr8 runs n chicago
Think I felt my heart split in half what I figured out my celebrity crush is older than my mom.
Those hilarious conversations you have on the phone with !
Thanks to Ryan from for stopping by this morning and meeting with our coaches.
No problem!
Enjoy!
Let us know how the show goes!
text me
Yes, every Saturday morning we run on the track or the hills at VistaView park off 75 and Griffin!
How u feeling?
I'm currently wearing my OKC 0 jersey...
John Tavares advances in NHL 13 cover race, Pavel Datsyuk is his next opponent.
you're wrong
Best believe im checking in lol
nobody is tweeting.
I'm bored.
I'm going to go do my math homework
there is only like 2 weeks of school left!!!
YEE  
Alas we had mixed resultson 1 we couldn't get InC to read stories properly, on other InC went fine but images reverted in InD.
till next mon
My definition of a crush is someone you wait around for to be with and never have the courage to get with...looks around that ain't me
Discussing now at PCUS: What's the impact of the transition to ebooks?
Some schools running pilots to give students ereaders to test.
no Mac makeup
after 10months this teacher still doesnt understand that we dont give a fuck.
August rushes by like desert rainfall...
One wishes for more But it suddenly turns to leave, doctorgging summer away.
Elizabeth M.
Taylor
Anyone else watching TheVoice?
Get ready kiddies for pictures to come along with more goodies.
Won't have my phone from Thursday night until idkcwhen.
I've gotten so good at lying to myself.
Don't forget...TOMORROW: doctornk on us , 10p!
Sam Adams anyone?
Thanks for the follow.
Let me know when you need some ad libs and promos.
whenever im ready
My thoughts on Guy Fieri: love his hair, hate his Big Lots exclusive salsa line.
musicmonday Tyrone Wells!!
He will be playing a concert Saturday night at the Games June 5 '10.
www.tryonewells.com
nice reception and after pass rush!!
GoRyan!
DPLA Beta Sprints have started.
Impressive!
it aint nothing wrong with saggin but when ur pants is under ur ass it make u look dirty
Mix games are alive and well in San Diego!
We have a full 20/40 game at Palomar right now!
Hoping to
Or the girls just aren't as good as the guys once again...
we'll see!
Do you need help balancing your blood sugar?
Then you need to doctornk our Aloe Vera Juice daily.
Just a shot glass will do!
Follows me!
How did I not know this?!
A shoutout to both of you for being awesome!
3, RR
I will always love the part in the Sabotage video when the car comes flying over the hill.
Such a great song.
Which made the neighbor's dog bark, which made our dogs bark....
And then the trains...
Goodbye peaceful Sunday, my elusive friend.
You know what would be awesome to have?
A wood chipper.
Used 40 fully automatic die cutters with stripping available from 5570,000!
Email for more info.
Or call 888BRAUSSE!
GoingRed with a warm tuna and kale salad!
I'm really excited to see Baskervilles next, I'll have to watch that after work!
My Comfort Food : Blue Crabs!
ohh shytt, I ain't been on here in a LONG time!
o:
You mean bored?
What I miss?
Day 61 of 100: I am thankful for persevering through fear  that just means that I'm outside my comfort zone :
INTRODUCING MY 100 LEGAL FORMS BOOK SERIES SOLD ON AMAZON.COM.
ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM, LOWEST PRICED LEGAL FORMS SITE ON THE WEB
Its thirsty Thursday Milwaukee!
No brewers todaylets prep for tomorrows game!
oh awesome, would love to meet you both 2for1 :
RT : True friends will loan you their dongle.
Obama and his family will leave Martha's Vineyard on Saturday
how are u today?
Will anyone notice if I wear my Startup shirt again?
Took a photo class this semester, so I was going to submit a couple of photos.
Follow me on twitter
Safe Travels  CLIPPERS RT : Good moods, good vibes on the team plane.
Clippers headed to San Antonio for...
Waow Little Monster
Getting students to recognize educational scaffolding through games  achievements for awesome
I support gay marriage, because maybe they won't get divorced at such a high rate as the rest of us dumbasses.
Congrats Coach!
Always a sucker for doctoramsdenied stories, I still cry every time I think back on short film Tsuyako, seen at SDAFF12 .
talking about the Gutenburg parenthesis at
will do!
Thanks man
What do you guys think of the band Fun.
?
Half Priced Bottles of Wine
Working on making the transition from REAL Video to Flash video for our faculty.
Ease of production pathway is key.
I'm gettin sleepy now
Ab ripper X is crazy intense!!
Ahh my abs hurt!
:o
Looking forward to participating in Social Media Marketing book launch event tonight at USA Today!
I'm fairly certain I'm finished populating so can I just like...punch out or something?
Haha
LIV creations is up online!
Check us out at www.LIVcreations.com!
Not necessarily.
In 1978 I played Black Magic Woman for girl who'd requested Fleetwood Mac.
She didn't believe it was Mac!

So novaa been playing dead for like 5 minutes , lol until we all left her all there , yall i promise my dog is a person .
Rude Mechs at Dance Theatre Workshop.
See their show it's fantastic!
This boat's about to set sail
Thankfully, I am not a nerd, so I have no knowledge as to the accuracy of this statement.
:D
that's so like Britta from Community
thanks!
I realized,though, that they supply laptops with the presentation set up so i'll just use that
I am so excited about the release of my ever first song and collaboration with a longtime friend!
Cant wait for you to hear it!
EXCITED!
It seems my brain is ten times faster than my mouth.
I can think of all these different things, but find it hard to speak about them.
Good luck Jackie, you'll be missed!
15 years have passed and Billy Zane could still put it in.
Indeed, I think I my be able to finagle some more time off, but I like the feeling of the deadline looming, feels good
Ight im off this twitter suckin up my juice!
Someone BUNTED AGAINST THE ROYALS.
Ned Yost is conflicted.
Looks like I'm going south, way south.
nicely done!
Feel the fear and do it anyway
Thanks for not only adding us but also tweet the world about it.
Arthur Scholar.
np explosionsinthesky.
Unwinding after this busy day!
Thatawkwardmoment for my boys when theyre acting like mannequins and one of the kids from their school walks by hahaha
thanks!
:D
where the hell have you been
following fanny aha :D
Friday's Flatbread: Citrus Infused Chicken w/ red peppers, bacon, jalepeno, provel/mozzarella Soups: Tart Cherry Gazpacho or Korean Vegetabl
Guess I'll just make the best out of a shitty situation
A chip off the old Doc.
Dictionary tells me that hellforleather may be used as an adverb and it dates from 1920, but not where on earth the phrase came from.
your words of encouragement uplifted my life and spirit..when u want to accomplish it all plant a seed.
i fucking luv Back porch.
its freaking sick man, u guys should make a video for that song
We're back Next Wednesday Night!
830pm!
weights today?
The truth is all that I can hear every time you lie
You're welcome!
Would love to have you participate in our Career Fair on 5/16 in ROC!
Has anyone contacted you yet?
I saw you but had to go
A guy on this MAX feels that fare enforcement is 'fascist' ...
seems a bit doctormatic.
thanks for putting the power to change the world :
Just got 200 followers!
Thanks all!
Let's make it 500 by our April 7th Event!
why do you have to point out my back fat ?
Do you like quality and quantity for the perfect price?
Come in today and find your perfect ring, necklace, bracelets, knives, gifts  more!
Ready for some HOUSE music tonight w/my boi
2ThingsIWant Summer and you
great!
Miss u
Well the Stoner63 does the most damage but Commando is sick in zombies um 4 snipers i like WA002 n in pistol i like C275 :
Exec.
Chef  Catering, Mark Schmidt, answers questions during Celebrity Chef QA at Hospital Food Fight.
Send us you Q's!
My Derby pick: Creative Cause.
But the most exciting 2 mins in sports??
I don't think so.
Right ?
Everyone is making fun of my voice : hate having a sore throat.
can I go home?
/:
Maybe i'll hit the City Today!
got to run.
Forgot I'm volunteering at 11.
See you at 12 for meeting
After all this time...you only THINK?
; RT : I think likes me.
He repinned my firstoriginalPinterest info graphic.
:
RT Did global warming destroy Joplin, MO, 's hometown?
Great piece in , with stunningly angry comments.
Remember to thank God today for what he did for us!!
About to go meet up with Cloub 9 from the Va down in the ATL go check out that hot single Nino Brown they go hard!!
Wonder if 65 south is a deadlock yet
Done.
Good luck!
means u nasty
Gotta be you...
The L.A.
Backstage Tour, February 25, 2011.
For information, call L.A.
Acting Workshop at 8760006 or email
I love thunder storms...
Wish it smelled like rain in arizona..
True fact.
RT : the baseball internet is going to have a stroke when jamie moyer pitches to bryce harper
Trust you are being guided home.
Some very undignified disclosures
Saw an article about people getting throat cancer from sucking dick.Looks like chain smoking really isn't my most dangerous lifestyle choice
At Kings Island with
What shows are you seeing this weekend?
either, but if we rent one I'll make you dinner
tuff lost 132 but keep your head high!
Your still the man!
Props to Leban aloha from
all over a 1 smh just another day on 11th st
do you really think he gets parts for his acting skills??
C'mon...thats kinda Megan Fox
RIP Dick Clark :
Now Playing: Hall  Oates, Private Eyes!!
Don't judge me motherfucker!!
Haha!
Playing a gig tonight with at cafe 1001.
There will be food, beer, pretty ladies and handsome chaps.
All invited.
So.
Many.
Alpacas in Warwick, NY.
hey, how is it going?
I feel like I really messed up with oomf I see her in the hallway and she just gives me that look smh
We have a hard time with 4/gal gas but consider that the military pays 130/gal in Iraq and Afghanistan
great QR code best practices article...
we've tweeted it!
Emailed you via searchenginewatch contact page.
Count on my prayers for the family!
youre a great person Jazz :
You just must be adorable to chics on Sundays :
why can't i watch you online anymore?
what happened?
WhateverThisMeans RT : I watched almost every minute of Andoctory Blatche this season  Danny Espinosa right now is that bad
Thanks to everyone who attended last night despite the 12.5 of snow!
Have a great weekend!
Great minds, great technology!
on the panel at Digital Atlanta!
Thanks to and DIGATLTS11 for hosting an awesome event!
YES SIR !!
Comparing tyler trulock to taylor lafaro
Private Military Contractors, Boston Langley, New York City, Twin Towers, Remote Control Airplanes.
Lone Gunmen Pilot Episode
eat a pancake for me :
pictures please!
soonyinadoctorss !
You're so welcome, Carmen.
Glad to do it, hope it helped put butts in the seats!
Glad to have you on board 3,
400 year deal w Descate: u do science, hands off soul.
2 TV camera, M.
Schlitz:: allow science 2 view potentials of consciousness
Yeah, i read them..
Ha!
what up yo!
i meant to hit you back, but i been running around all day.
Lack of genuine engagement seems 2B a recurring theme in Maine these days.
Need better class/practices of engagement at Muskie?
Thx!
Sitting on a bus right now waiting to march in MLK parade with It's always a fun, cold event!
:
I would like happy hour now, please and thank you.
It is my favorite stephanie Mavunga!!!!!
Theres always that one person whod do anything for you.
thats the one you should marry.
Just woke up with yea girl on my bed
Shire's stated SHE didn't know who this guy was.
You get that at ON, not everyone knows each other, right?
You've shown yourself to be very articulate  your generalizations are unarguable.
I'm impressed.
Jones is surely humbled.
: i want to hire to personally sing to me every night before i go to bed AFREAKINMEN!!
Observant!
Yes, I like this picture.
As for my weekend, I took today off and am relaxing.
Krystal's having a bbq tomm yay!
: When boys look cute with braces.
Updating my lists...
I feel like I'm missing critical stuff here...
faveavenger Hawkeye I wish I can shoot a bow and arrow
apparently it's an eye cyst..
Or an allergic reaction to something lol
They asked me if I'd shoot the lesser oscars off stage instead of the musical playoff  insisted no kill shots.
Nope.
It was nice meeting you in Orlando :
My Saturday has consisted of napping, eatin junk food,  watchin nonstop Toddlers  Tiaras.
It's all 's fault for leavin me 
which page?
RT : Aim for the highest.
Andoctorw Carnegie
Are you a classic film fan too?
I love the oldies!
so looking forward to the conference!
An amazing opportunity!
Not a problem ah I miss the Amanda show3
but he should, he is the number one on that team, I'm a huge LeBron fan, but he needs to take those shots, he's the MVP!!
I learned to fist pump from you.
Crisis averted.
I threw a shoe at it.
And then on the 30th time...
I actually got it.
ADHD is fairly common; as many as 5 out of every 100 childoctorn in school may have it.
How soon 'not now' becomes 'never'.
I should know better than to try a random movie without asking you first.
Let me pick out another one...
I'll be back in a few
have a fantastic day guys!
looool even on turntable he called him self king troller XD
Thanks for the mention!
Hope you're having a great Wednesday!
Baby you can steer while I shift the gears
Because at the end of the night, things never change.
People have one thing in common, they're all different.
That was the best concert EVER!
Success is the BEST Revenge, so get it how you live.
Keep your swag on 1,000 and Mojo on 1 million
Last night of camp!
Woo hoo!
That frustrating moment when you spell a word so incorrectly that even spell check can't help you out.
At DublinDallasPLP  feeling the growth.
I'm now in the 20th Century and heading toward the future of ed.
Thx Sheryl  Will!
Coming home to Thai food 
Oh, I hope, I hope!
FNL, one of my most favorite things ever.
I can't watch the finale because I don't want it to be over!
Thank you all so much for the birthday wishes already.
You guys are fantastic.
I love all of the people who thought I was turning 16 more :
Shoutout To My New Followers.
check www.limeflyphotography.com
Happy Birthday
Good luck studying for finals everyone!!
Mid 60s tomorrow means I ride to work sans socks
O BABY  10 Fingers: check it out i produced it !!!!
Did Taylor Hicks turn black?
alas, i do not who.
Great article thoughwe should've invited you as a third speaker!
Excited for the Macadelic tour.
Bring it on 3
Scarface and Tupac  Smile on repeat
This is my 2000th tweet.
Either an accomplishment or I have no life.
I can't tell...
Arielle told me about him!
Please be careful!!!
You are the fire on my apartment floor, sixteen stories, I'd rather burn then fall.
bummer I can't make the game on the 26th but I will be in attendance for the June 20 game.
Ride the bus from Bulldog
good bro.
I'll be at games to watch u beast
Been at Turnpike rest area for 10 minutes and already counted eight bonafide mullets.
Oh, Ohio.
Daft punk music video is too funny
M M M M M.
That goes great with what I'm doing right now actually lol
You don't really mean OUTLAW OKRA??
I love the stuff
Now married couples havin conversations via twitter?
Interesting!
RT : Last 'what's in my UNIT' prize was IPod Touch.
We have over 1,500 worth of prizes  LeffsLuckyTown tonight!
5:308pm!
With your help SSRN is just 9 followers short of 4,000!
Can we do this today?
Plz RT to help us get there.
Thanks Taylor!
I'm hoping it's just a 24 hour bug :
You also have a fantabulistick weekend; 
Kicking off my next to last time hosting the Philly Local in a few minutes.
Tune in 7pm11pm.
W.xpn2.org
Wayne just won best supporting actor for his role in The Crime!
Get famous in Stardom: The AList for iPhone!
Looking for some good Product Managers with a background in Display and Social.
plus in general, I think it's cool to support the smaller festivals.
But, you know, you're only human
hey Louis how you doing you probably will never see this but can you follow me I would love that :
yup and dont open nomore of them messages
Yes he is lmao i know right im fully mexican
H.R.
Haldeman You cant put the toothpaste back in the tube.
Great to see and Marty Kelso at TheHungerGames premier tonight!
Hot: Songs without whistling.
Not: Songs with whistling.
On the one hand, of course nobody gets to control language, and it's a jerky move to bludgeon people for perceived poor usage
I can shuffle?
Wonders if there will be a Caravaggio/Kinkade painter of light smackdown in the great beyond.
became afraid of using words.
I am officially an enrolled student at the University of Washington!
I can't wait for fall and my COMM lecture with 539 other students!
Ward is a piece of shit.
Sweet penalty.
Rangers want it more
RT : Tonight!!
Come on down for Grog Shop Trivia Night w/ John K, Dan  Mo!
I have 20 who wants it!
Thats fantastic!!
You are a guardian of so many pets!
A true fanatic indeed.
Thx bro, u definitely have that smooth edge too : is one smooth mfer
The day begins; watched EATEN ALIVE last night...killer crock and Neville Brand.
Wish that spelled success, but it doesn't.
An even 6.
RT : broke the record with 5 might as well make it 6.
Everyones changed ...
Everyone..
Adding that cute guy on Facebook because yolo.
Lol jk but really.
be proud of me.
Any word on how many unions have flipped from to after watching Scott Walker admit he's pro right to work?
HELLO HELLO AVRIL
MT : Playing Fiedhouse floor was doctoram when my h.s.
team made it to final.
GB wouldn't have meant as much Ex A,
Being too cheap to pay for the service or too impatient to wait for the DVDs does not justify theft.
The KOKO Dennis Show is seeking interns to be a part of our production team.
Videographers , Photograhers and Production Assistants please e
..my feet.
I squash it, then proceed to fumble your book in my hands, doctorpping it on the bug guts.
Somehow I thought you'd ...
Go Sioux.
At 's house with Gus
Standing in front of crowds 
Never mind, lol.
How many shots Kobe made the last 5 mins????
......
huh???
I wanna know
It's crazy out there.
Honestly thought the place next door got hit by lightening
Sports Illustrated picked the Nationals to finish 84 and 78 this yearour first winning season!
Go NATS!
Say Somethin if you're feelin the vibe.
Say Somethin baby dont be so shy3
well ok then too bad NOTHING MAKES YOU LOOK UGLY 
let me warm u up baby ;
Until 1997, there were more pigs than people in Denmark.
Discuss how you invest time in employees to create development plans aligned with goals  future career aspirations.
: They don't make love like that anymore, Is that too much to be askin' for?
JohnnyandJune that song never gets old.
next time aim a little higher.
Right in the chops!
Brand new day...
Make it count
Oh, learning PHP?
Exciting!
I made some video tutorials on PHP a while ago.
I'd recommend just experimenting, learn as you go!
has the worst baggage service dept EVER.
Ques can't B answered  bags can't be found!
I love Maine!
just not the same without slash and duff
Yaaay!
Hope you have fun 
Sleep is going to be nearly impossible tonight.
GO MAVS!!!
trippy as I wanna be .
Lovely to hear you on WGN radio 720am!!
Great stuff ahead, everyone should listen!!
Steelhorse starts practice today for upcoming concerts ...
stay tuned.
misinformation.
Speaker talking about charter schools interesting points but this is not about charters.
thanks for your great article on pilot season!
Food trucks are exciting, we don't blame you!
Will you be at this weekend?
this is twitter...
not EHarmony.
CCT sounds good to me!
looked very nice on June make over!!
I wouldn't touch those intensely annoying Subway commercials with a twelveinch pole.
Or 500 pennies.
In these new 3D movies, I love how it really feels like Hollywood itself is reaching out of the screen and stealing your cash
Someone please slap the sunshine out of Anne Curry.
I can't take it at this hour.

there's no stopping us right now, I feel so close to you right now
when coming up here
steepling fingers I do.
What better way to exercise my control...on all things.
Chilly???
I thought the coffee took care of that.
Tonight's takeaway: Be unexpected!
haha was it a fun party?
:
iMediasummit  Admob After Hours Party Hotel Suite Kasbah 1 right after dinner
Just watched a video on a baby with no eyes and no lips...uh no
Would like to discuss your techniques you posted on the RB board
Came home to a crazy party next door...please go home!
I'm tired!!!
doctorwning in acronym soup and diversion
I like the idea of using photos that students take as catalysts for interviews about their identities.
no, they're better in your mouth...
idiot.
No, thank you!
RT : Just got my red electric kissing parties LP.
Stoked!!
Thank you!!!
: 
that's a hard question
Happy mothers day to all you beautiful goddesses .
None of us would be here without you .
coming out of the closet as a donglord 4 life!
did you get it?
Idk if i have the same 
This is true.
Plus I don't have to deal with all the weirdos who wanna bang their sister down there.
what ever you feel most comfortable with.
22 yr old black chic parks a new black Cadilac CTV...gets out barefoot with short cutoffs...crack hoe?
I sure she earned it!
that last tweet ruined my pie karma.
I've since spilled half the filling trying to get it in the oven.
Baking what's left
Hi!
Science writery is me!
What year were you?
I was '07
Yankees meet xavier avery....
xavier avery meet the Yankees
Already done.
And saw you guys at the Rutledge the other night.
;
i don't even know you and i know you betta keep yo ass in skool
YAY!
RT Thanks for the love, we're now open till 7pm in the week for all your caffeine needs!!!
too true.
And I won a prize bag full of GL swag so that helps too.
Lol.
we're still here if you wanna come over
good luck with that.
I personally am failing at that one.
Hey that's how it looks here!
Keep hating on Moss with your condescending remarks..maybe your old carcass will run a 5.0 40 in your doctorams
I think this may fall under modular, but the ability to play well with other services is insanely important
why is it that when u moved on and found someone else, your ex wana work things out all of a sudden???
smh.
Equals positive results my friend !
...summer break so far, and doing nothing but getting dirty.
Even the zoo, or walmart would b better than just working or getting insulted,
is the biggest Pirates fan in the world!
Quinten took in a huge carved staff on consignment  amazing detail and a great addition to his collection  7916 SE Foster 117 PM
also said Blaine Gabbert was the best QB in last years doctorft.
someone's burning the popcorn.
doing awesome interviews !!
so is my heat hat ready to be leaked in ????!
Why won't they call?
Why?
Or email me good news?
hey beautiful we are on 8 mile near the northland skating rink
She could be anywhere in the world, but she's here with me.
Follow that's my muthafuckin g
Thank you Kim!!!
' bout to take the baby out '
lol i hear ya
and cheers from Vegas!!!!
No...in Kentucky, heading back to LA due to some airline complications and such.
Ha!
I have a hard time buying it.
Media and science don't tend to mix well.
But for my sake, I hope its true!
Sweet doctorams!
Olive You!
:3
I have it all planned.
On pay day I'm going to buy wine and doctornk until I write a poem.
The only proper way to get rid of writers block.
Back in the ABQ
Seeing lots of neat tools today including audacity  !
I teach Snarkology, a venerable field in the social sciences.
:
I noe am late, but since when do we have separated teams,TMUS, and TMUK.
The point to be mindless is not to be arguying over EVERYTHING 
Welcome to Twitter!
captainin Kirk and mister Spock, I believe are in a boy band :
I swear she's the woman from 101 Dalmatians!
Yep, I bet it's exactly like that :
To be clear, I am feeling as frustrated as you are, and probably for the same reasons.
That's why we live longer!
RT The average woman smiles 62 times a day.
The average man smiles only 8 times.
Thank you, Sarah!
And nice to see you briefly last week!
Hear the candidates for ASO executive offices  there's a public forum 11am today at the Student Center Amphitheater.
Feeling kinda down these days.
:/
A year ago today, we were there together!
With 
check out The Cure, The Smiths, Depeche Mode and Duran Duran.
They're all super new and good bands.
did you just say Art History, because we didn't quite catch that.
Good Monday Morning!!
Why doesn't ever rain at this school omg it was pouring just down the street from it and it's almost blue skies here wtf
we just thought of it one day and it stuck.
Now that story is kinda boring though haha
I took him down  he's all alone in the closet...
Save money tips have to be weighed against the time and effort needed to use them
Half of vandy's student section looks like they were paid to be there
Colorodo?
What is this new state you speak of?
Any relation to Colorado?
;
Shop Local MKE!
Bring on the doctorft.
Amen.
We just received word that our Holiday Concert at is sold out!
Merry, merry!
Can't wait to see everyone tonight!
My mom is en route to the airport for her red eye.
And I am going to curl up with Code Name Verity for a bit before bed.
I thought we were going down...
Very jittery after Tohoku.
:
I don't even know how to spam or stop it
Victory in my garden!
Gonna be at Playground Festival tomorrow in Irvine.
Whose going?!
can you follow me back please??
People say my eyes?oh, oh, u mean play the song, mah bad.
RT what makes you beautiful?
yes?
:
Why the hell did i wear jeans today.
Sure is hot for 69.
I feel sorry for the purses
Jesus knows me this I love
Actually, in theory, if people didn't act like humans, communism would work out nicely!
I got chu bruh bruh..Im fina do it now
Nice!
said you are DJ'ing next weekend :
userfocus mobile browsing will overtake desktop by Feb.
2013  this will likely be revised to sooner...
kinda lol You can come over if you want: karens coming
RT In his final act of benevolent genius, Steve Jobs overshadows Sarah Palin.
Rest in peace, you fucking stud.
Merry Merry Christmas ...love.
Erika
scratching my head....
though I see you've taken a bite of the forbidden Apple
we'd like to offer you a 0 stake in our biz for 22, but you'll still get a sweet tshirt out of the deal: www.tuesdaytees.com
Support local artists and musicians.
ABQ is rich in local people who got talent.
Hard at work on the NOVEMBER issue of ...
Politics on the brain.
Okay, why is the CFP out so early?
I need time to think!
overcast is nice.
Hopefully we get some nice fluffy clouds.
Get the vintage clothes out for our monthly party tonight with hot jazz from Doors 7 free dance lessons!
woke up from my nap to find that ma made blts for dinner
also would like to do google ride sometime
Traveling Circle is playing the Monster Island Festival this weekend in Brooklyn.
Check the details here: www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
are you serious?
I honestly don't remember that lmao
All Thursday tickets will be honored on Friday, July 8 ONLY.
Please come back to continue watching the ladies play in the
Balancing my Fitness
Dope brotha.
Thank u!
Watching Dispatch concert from Garden in 2007  they were such a great band!
My cursing words lol
Wow!
I just looked at all of them.
haha Those look pretty elaborate.
More like works of art!
Oh Leigh.
I don't wish I was at the crawl.
And guess who has affordable art : Plus, free keg is a win!
So many happy Blackhawks fans exiting the arena chanting Let's Go Hawks!
makes me forget they we're close to blowing a 4 pt lead!
Hope you won big yesterday!
I'll get working on that Fortune Cookie post.
Was going to wait til next Fri, but for you...;
Scotland Yard: Jets 7PM.
Plus NFL: Cincinnati 4:30PM, Detroit Orleans 8PM.
Oh yeah...2 for one well doctornks till 10pm.
Thank god she got rid of dexter
Thanks for the follow who could we speak to about booking a show at you're venue?
Nuked the pool this morning.
Take that, you greenbacked freeloaders.
Momma wants to go for a swim.
: Some day, after mastering the winds, the waves, the tides and gravity, we will harness for God the energies of love.
who is yours???
I really love your professorle picture.
Thanks for the follow!
Want to learn about other services we offer?
Call our sales department 3129972850.
We are more than a bicycle messenger service!
We've put all of your Simmons Library Account access links in one place, so it's easier for you to get what you need!
Check it out:...
If his presence can't add value to your life, then his absence would make no difference.
just bored not doing much
still haven't got word on Blind Faith, should be the first part of May
What did you give up for Lent?
My GPS just told me to kayak across the Pacific Ocean
what are you going to get do I don't steal your idea :p
haha kinda most of it is ugly lmao
YAY!!!!
let me know what you think!
And SHOW THOSE BABIES OFF for
Making it through last assignments just to see the light of the oncoming train of finals.
I have great news tweets!
My radio program DIFFERENCES Radio Magazine Show has been picked up by Clear Channel's WLAC 1510!
Do You Ever Go Bowling w friends n family?
Or compete?
enjoy this and please retweet www.bowlingdo.com
What's with all these fake Wiz Khalifa accounts
Thanks!
RT : Thanks for the follow.
Following back!
:
was hilarious last night at !
yeah it really is.
Remember when we were cleaning the cabins and watching it while eating all the leftovers.
Good times.
Time to cook for my men :
I'M NOT YOUR CHILD
Good morning everybody!
Let's have a great day
Signed up to run the Warrior Dash on 9/10.
Basically a 3.5 mile obstacle course followed by lots of beer!
Should be healed long before then.
honestly one of the coolest tweets i've ever seen.
holy shit.
Passed my permit test!
I can now doctorve LEGALLY in the state of California :
A word you will never hear me use: chillax.
Also dope as adjective, versus noun.
She doesnt hate trust me
tl so will you tell me what it is...
I am who i am.
If you dont like me why you still worrying about me then
The Whitehalls are using TuneCore for the digital distribution of our debut CD  we'll let you know when iTunes, Amazon, Myspace are live
I haven't tried Red Hook yet
Waiting for your Call I'm sick.
Call I'm angry.
Call I'm desperate for your voice.
np Your Call Secondhand Serenade 
18,000th tweet goes to Made a NICE beat last night for you to check out.
MKEanthem possibly?
this twitter account is so dead.
You know what I'm saying ahha
no, my poor kid only knows about good restaurants and Luxury hotels.
HA!
HA!
Congrats and good luck buddy.
yeaahhh we did.
great times.
Oh Matt.
err, Jeremy.
sour cream and chive potatoes
And I was like y you so obsessed with me!
Let's go Arsenal!
gunners 4 Premier league games on right now.
Plus US just won at Hockey world championships.
Awesome Sunday!
Brunch is back!
13.50 for our allyoucan eat buffet.
too emo right now i feel
Will you be featuring positive stories on weight loss surgery for those with comorbidities?
Melting Mama featured, rumor?
nope, allinclusive 99 tix coming soon !!
RT : Is it too early to plan New Years with ?
Hm...
Our plan is a challenging mix of lecture and a ton of handson work.
thanks for the RT.
what a hilarious sight.
Lunch or dinner sometime?
This time I really mean it!
I saw a commercial where Zooey Deschanel asked her iPhone if it was raining, while looking out the window.
I think I've made my point.
Success has nothing to do with what you gain in life or accomplish for yourself.
It's what you do for others.
are you watching DWTS live?
how?
arent u in the philippines?
or does it play at the same time there?
Colds are more common during seasonal changes when humidity is low.not that I'm a hypochondoctorac ...
had a tweet that said I dare you to not retweet this.
ALEX, CHALLENGE ACCEPTED!!
;P
he just made the case for the market to climb higher on his walls of worry.
market is sanguine and consolidating gains.
RIP Maurice Sendak!!
I love where the wild things are
You don't see a lot of pitchers take BP before their start.
But there's Jeff Samardzija at the plate.
I'm running on about 45 minutes of sleep.
Don't mess with me.
x
RT : Gotcha!
Made you work for free again!
Academe, 2012
No more school for a few months.
Time to.find a shiny new vagina to pamper for the summer :D
Beautiful day in Los Angeles!
Let's celebrate with a new post
Bouta be tired as hell fuckin round with this second job..but it's worth it :
Now you've got it.
My hubby doesn't quite get it yet.
All Mahomies are crying today....and if your not...then you must not be a real Mahomie.
I'm so in the mood to roll over and find you next to me.
I'm missing him : arrrr
Happy Birthday Warren and Happy Mother's Day to your Mom!
12 days till home...
i think i can, i think i can
I want a Ginger child with green eyes and I shall name him Rupert Grint Aschenbrenenr!
you are not the real Alisa Reif!
Imposter!
I know her very well and you are surely not her!
RT We are all here for some special reason.
Stop being a prisoner of your past.
Become the architect of your future.Robin Sharma
Muahahaha!
Its my season now!
Think about it.RT : We only need 4 pledges to hit 300 for TheHermanCain at http://
why not?!: then can you email it to me?!:
I am at March 2011 Workshop  The Battle of the Elearning Tools: Articulate vs.
captainvate
in just a few minutes!
Kelley brought a big cake, sparkling cider, everyone signed a card  flowers on my desk  so nice
Trying hard not to be a cranky pregnant lady, but I'm uncomfortable, low on sleep, and seriously lacking in patience for others' ineptitude
Still a good amount remaining
You've never met anybody who interrupts themselves when talking?
i am chris i saw u with crystalbowersox!
Today: Donuts With Dads.
Looking forward to reading some great stories!
discusses ABC's Scandal with actor on WashingtonWatch Sunday at 11 ET/PT
Woke up at 3:27 to do homework!!!
Biggest procrastinator here lol!
12 pgs of Cornell notes due first period!
good news and congrats!
so the nfl doctorft is tonight...but all i care about is the beating Tri City
yes you are/:
cough me cough :
Tip 169: When playing versus thinking regulars be sure to balance your range by playing a wider range of hands different ways in same spots
Amen Brother!
I too was jokesing.
Mostly.
Even Einstein once said, Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler.
Consider your art.
edit edit edit
Are you satisfied with your day?
The good news...
if you're not then you still have a lot of time to be productive
lol but can you blame her hah.
Alex will be Alex..
I in front of anyone.
Got a main bitch and a mistress
One who deceives will always find those who allow themselves to be deceived.
Niccolo Machiavelli
I don't anticipate it, but if I do, I'll hit you up for sure!
Thank god is friday , tomorrow haha
I love Nathan's hot dogs!
I can't lie, a snapple doctornk and a bacon/egg/chz biscuit keeps repeating in my head from McDonald's lol
is there a date yet for the 2012 National Gathering?
I'm just seeing 2011 info on the website
Bitch you get no love
What's going down?
How's everything looking like?!?
So who going to south today??
what's good bruh ?
2NiTe The 1st CALLERS On The Line  In On 2NiTe's Topic Get FREE Admission Into One Of Our Events!!!
CALL IN 626 657 2149
what?!
She's my favorite character!
What is the woman that FUCK them ALL????
But they just don't care????
I want more I want more!!!!!
what happened!?
I'm so curious!
You got a kitten!?
I've been gone for to long, But I'm back .
How's everyone?!
I DONT RESPECT MONEY I RESPECT REAL NIGGAS.....
Getting chills thinking about Doc's perfect game.
Congrats Humber!
: always thought Rose didn't take enough of a break to recoup in 2010
digitalindia Vimeo cameras given to 5 botanists.
Connecting research community in Kenya, Argentina, etc via Plant Science  Rajan
We send you super awesome vibes, go out there and kill em  show them who's boss.
We love you!
Hope and Hannah.
aka
Im not done with my research report :
is my twitter hubby3
thanks but age ain't nothing but a number
Milwaukeearea caterer recommendations for 75ish people, in home?
hahaha.
you should take my icon and zoom in on the toe nail ; well if you want :P
RT back on the diet/exercise program.
LET'S DO THIS!
I hope so too.
I'll be down here early May.
Ten Commandments inscription machine?
Finally finished typing up my AltSummit recap post.
It only took me a freakin' week.
Look for it on the blog tomorrow!
To think that you could lose the title of best football team after just one game seems so unfair.
You Aint Never Seen Nun Till Ya Seen Ce!
please notice me i come up with some fresh stuff im a young kid u cann make billions of me bro
Why do u keep trying
Good sleeping weather last night.
do you wanna do a tinychat with me im bored and we can talk play music do whatever please
she just now graduated?
we are young, born in this wrld till it all falls apart
The women of this generation will help lead the way.
It is simple math: you are half its workforce.
Obama to barnard2012 graduates.
thx LEXY now we definetly need to do some shopping!
;
If you give your ear to fools, they will chew it off.
We as a society need to think about this.
Einstein throws out a Holla for doctor Hollar!
you have no body fat sir.
Pretty sure I can win this hands down.
When I get back from CO, it is on like donkey kong!
you free to skype today?
Yes, I was a bit preoccupied.
You need to meet the new guy.
He's AWESOME.
Great class this morning!
The humidity was crazy but these people are truly pushing themselves.
Brandon Fitzpatrick was todays MVP.
Diplomacy thru dance: heading to Jordan on a tour May 515 performing at King's Academy, then part of intl dance fest.
yeah that goes both ways
Thanks for the follow back  hope you had a great weekend :
: SpringBreakRule when you wake up, you have to take a shot!
Thanks for shakennotstirred!
doctorNo is the 1st Bond I've read, and it was too much fun.
I'm looking forward to the discussion.
Searching for game times...
Feening For hoops.
It's college acceptance season, and worth considering an often overlooked question:
P.S.
It's fondue night.
Anyone else call fondue fundue?
It's RED out in the WFC!!!!!
Question of the day: what song would you play to motivate the spurs before game time?
I was like Why are you so obsessed with me
Judge Ness is saying there is good cause to not grant an extension
I'll see what I can do.
wink
They have been doin bad for years now.
I will buy YuGiOh in Spring Field Missouri today
follow me pretty please!!!!!!!
333
5 DOUBLE Jack  Cokes and in the same night?
Smells like trouble!
LIKE this if you're coming to the Burrito Eating Contest!
Two days to go!!!
you should follow me!
Sounds like fun!
Knock 'em dead!
To mash potato or not.
THAT is the question!
:
Awkward Moment: when you doctorve off Forgetting all the books / cups or purses you rested on the roof of your car!
what did ya do
Make sure you check out give away!
wssmiami Learn 2 follow the rules in order 2 be in a position to change the rules of the game.
doctor Sonjia
wanna feel sexy and selfconfident?
kill yourself
that was the big reason i sent with sleeves.
too much work to get the socks on my feet!
Love is an energy, the strongest of all.
We think it is just love'and yet love is so far ahead that at times it looks like it is behind.
Found a box of donuts in the house I'm sitting, only one kind left.
hey i've got a question for you can you email me sam.sessabaltsun.com
Super Lockman Service call 247 hours services any time any where.......
8 hours of orientation to state records laws on 3 hours of sleep.
I've got my work cut out for me.
i'm finally really happy with the collection of socks that i own.
yeah ..
I only got next Saturday off
Ok, Henry best not be dead.
I will be upset and crying.
I am an ugly crier.
Don't inflict that on the world,
The Smoke Monster was a chili fart wasn't it...WASN'T IT!!
Off to the beach before I go to work :
Ever want to say get in the cut to someone who wouldn't understand the meaning?
I've spent some time listening 2 the good blues on your band's website !!
And Earthquake Mama Is A Hit!
Fine ass workers at the vegas airport!
Oh yess.
ELLIE!
Hope yous had a good weekend.
I could bash you, but you aint even worth my time!!!
: I see mountains..God sees molehills.
I see problems...God sees opportunities.
See what HE sees today.
Go.
i've seen instagram photo challenge posts but didn't know what it was ..i can do this!!
:D
If you tried it would be ugly.
You come off just great.
Hope you got that it was meant with humor.
Expunging out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;
yeah I should make more time for hooping.
I want to be able to rock a sexy hooper outfit soon.
Many univ presses started in libraries  then seemed tangential.
Library's mission to serve own campuses.
Presses have collab model
hefty won't protect odors?
Congrats to Korean Society for Library and Information Science 40th Anniversary.
In Soeul to give invited addoctorss to this esteemed group.
thank you for sharing your laugh out loud stories
1st name an last name !!!
Need more than 3, but I'll take it!!
Purging my closet of clothes I can but shouldn't still wear.
watching XMenfun movie to help an unfun task.
CL: the clown sweater stays.
why didn't you stop in DC??!!
Finally a real game is on.
Welington?
Starlin?
Darwin?
Tf is wrong w Cubs players parents.

Yeah.
Except for all those other losses to the Cardinals...
Those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind.
I should probably update my professorle picture; I have a lot more hair now.
This man asked if I was from Nola.
I said yes.
He said u look like ur from India.
I said no my Is Though....lol
via : another gr8 builder discussion.
got short term plan 4 presentation space  ideas for long term plan re: library learning ...
I feel like I've got a hangover or something :'
Let's go JETS JETS, JETS, JETS!!!
Phoenix Suns not looking so hot this season.
Only bright side is it helps me not miss having season tickets this year.
FOR SALE
I adore you!
You're my idol!:
Good things and not so good things all happening in one day.
This chick is officially worn out.
Hopefully The Other La Team Win Tomorrow
Agree RT : I hope that Cal gets this season revoked too
Contractions starting...
slowly but surely.
weve got a long way 2 go...
Awesome!
I can't wait :
Yeah that!
Just checking to see if my insurance covers that.
No on the Shiva
dang straight!
was the first school to take a stand against SOPA!
140Cuse I bleed orange!
its a shame when u keep walkin forword u still dont kno what ur headed toward.
give me a contract
I super duper miss you.
We need to hang out soon okay!
you going to 's class tmw?
definitely coffee time
Now, no one freak out here, but yes, I am looking at the top of my desk.
Yes, I can see it.
It's is miracle!!!
Really wish he would stop being so negative.
RT Gruden on Brock Osweiler: This kid is interesting.
Hater.
The awkward moment when you see the person who's ignoring you staring at you?
Mother's Day entries accepted until midnight on 05/12.
Winner will be announced on 05/13 at Noon.
Must follow to be eligible.
Never been to the thrift store in my life
how can things that are subjective be classified as accurate or not?
Plus calling him violent with no proof is beyond the pale.
Whether it's the best of times or the worst of times, it's the only time we've got.
Art Buchwald
Actually it's very good.
I like the Sicilian fried cod.
It had a very good crust without any grease or oil  thick meaty fillets.
The play of KG has been very solid all year  great the past few nights
Peres back home.
The man first tried peace treaty with Attila t
Sunburns are so unfashionable ugh!
I have had the beer song by mustard plug stuck in my head all day...
you too!
There are better things to do instead of wasting time doing things that make you angry...
Or get you hurt
If u send me a pic of ur ass...ill tell u wat type of girl u r...nd wat ur future holds
of course!
Followed:
Yes, I'll be there.Hope to see you!
it's a nice walk for October.
Was my first visit
Gm twitter world
Thanks for the follow!
and I don't care if her hair is Fran Fine big!!!
Eastcoast Newengland Massachusetts are all trending topics.
I think it's because of our shows this weekend!
bit.ly/nzuOVa
RT : What are your favorite qrcode creating sites?
byotchat Freeware portable program Zint works great
great to hear coach!!!!
Today is a great day to get better!
wtf i look like
My brother doesn't know I'm home and he is currently singing his lungs out.
It is cute and hilarious and well..
Really bad.
Finna smoke and watch CNN, ESPN.
Glad to see my friend on twitter!!
Lol
came to the store.theres this cute boyim acting stupid D;
This afternoon, my son, and I, are going on a tour of The Raleigh Film Studio in Pontiac, Michigan.
So sorry everyone, don't click on the link that we sent out.
Any help would be appreciated!
100 CASH PRIZE TO WHOEVER MAKES THE BEST TWERKVIDEO VIA INTERNET CONTEST STARTS THIS WEEKEND FOR MORE INFO CONTACT 7284808
thanks bro , much appreciated
i am seeing some entertaining gif professorle images around twitter.
i think it's time to make one :3

10 years ago we had Johnny Cash, Bob Hope and Steve Jobs.
Now we have no Cash, no Hope and no Jobs.
Jazzed about December Nights tonight at Balboa Park!
I know car2gosandiego will be there and I can't wait to check it out!
Fun!!
are you home?
So great to see you!
We 3 Sol To Seed!
Why Is the Research on Learning Styles Still Being Dismissed?
Because our brain is wired to see patterns, not probability.
FT discrepancy in the series is 14894.
I can register us tomorrow night
Check outr State of Play.
It is an awesome movie and the Owner of the Chicago Fire, Andoctorw Hauptman is the Producer.
Big time suspence.
where's your high school photo?
:
Gets us to reverse our thinking and consider social media incoming branding
Hahaha I like your dad already
It will be good to see the gang again.
Is going?
My thoughts exactly.
Wedge just said Ichiro isn't producing, not that he can't, but that he isn't.
That isn't wrong.
: Things to do today: 1.
get up 2.
survive 3.
go back to bedthis will have to be my Sunday motto!
I don't mind Kobe getting the superstar calls but crying to the refs for a call after he fouls?
Thanks for the tweet Miles!
Can I have a sloppy ho burger please?
Congratulations!
Let us know what you think.
Thank you, Jason!
I appreciate you and Udo for coming.
You guys rock!
Hey Steve I was your opening act Toad The Mime and just finished a book with Carl Gotleib.
xoxoxo
Thanks, Christina  I'm afraid my style's a mishmash of who I am  art school education, rock crit years, blog/online geekery.
When you follow us, you should have received a DM, let us know if you didn't!
I know.
We have Hulu Plus, so I get them right away!
Booyah!
Too bad my hubs wants me to cancel.
:
Indeed.
So much good stuff out about you guys right now.
I forget, do you have an exhibit about your history in your buildings?
Book your New Years Eve hair appointment today, spots are filling fast.
6022488300
'hey every1 , how's every1s day going ?
X x' you tweeted that!
so here's mine to u!
' Babe How You Doing?!
: Haha
If Michael Scott and Holly aired their wedding THAT would be a
we love your grey outfit this morning!
You look very pretty.
:
OH NO RORY WHAT ARE YOU DOING
Cleveland Help us out on this Awesome Friday!!
RT And Follow
We have some 15 oz.
cans of Super Mist Adhesive still available.
Just .99 per can!
works great to hold down TShirts while printing.
Need people in Columbus, OH for huge tech event.
Email your info to ASAP for info!
9/199/29
Great conversation with my eldest this morning!
I think he'll love living in Albany
yeah!
and if she won't I'll just do my best to finish it up.
Does anyone know if going to get the BlackBerry Torch soon?
I want that phone!!!
Is there really going to be another Hulk or is it assumed because Ruffalo/Banner/Hulk was best part of Avengers?
RT: if you BELIEVE in yourself...
word will do.
U should DM your number
That's a great one.
Justin Verlander had a hell of a year, but you should have been AL MVP..
R.I.P.
MCA
Political Correctness is a doctrine fostered by a delusional, illogical, liberal minority...
You are most welcome and most cool.
no, batshit crazy, you're personally attacking someone you do not know.
you're a fool.
5 cent plastic bag fee in DC has reduced plastic bags in trash cleanup 60 in 2 years  generated 10 million in restoration funds!
In the basement, putting the finishing touches on a sweet new jam
Dam that monkey was jiggin!!
xD
your tits look massive.
PRICE!!!
Where have you been??
howdy!
Texas loves !!
Just sayin'
kinky.
See you next week.
I'm working on a doctorpal presentation and listening to CBCradio3  it's a good day!
Ghetty at it's finest.
thank u 
totally!
RT : cool :p
I just stole tweet but I had to reword it just a lil bit so give her credit for that last tweet
No problem anytime!
:D
Leave the farley
Completely Acceptable.
RT : .
...
Totally share in your man crush for Don doctorper!
Survived TSA enhanced pat down without incident.
Blog post on the experience soon
don't be like that...he's just expressing himself....I would do the same thing because I'm a Christian!
If only they'd get their broadband sorted out!
hey you what's up how's everything going in vegas
Sorry about not getn back to you yesterday, I was super busy, how is tomorrow or Sat evening looking to record?
3wordsforyou belt shell wash
oh sure, you know you like winking at me.
;
We're sorry folks like you  got so many.
Looks like everything's back to normal now, but please let us know if not!
baby could you show me it's easy to breathe:
Touch Ya Toes When I'm Hitting It From Tha Back
Blue Duck Bakery hits the big bread leagues  Newsday
Yes please.
The more I spend on Mexican food the less there is for Direct Loans to take next month
i know y'alls old asses aint going further than US lol
4tunate 2b at ALA convention.
Session on embedded Librarianship was amazing....
Buffy, Jen,Karen,stacy...thank u!
sounds like something from a Jerry Springer show!
Great day so far, lots accomplished, lots yet to do.
More in a bit.
Have a wonderful day everyone!!
I hate when it i feel like I gotta sneeze n it won't com
You made me love you.....and I still do after all these years.
Gearing up for 2013 reunion.
wanna be my date?
Call me Richard ya dick
this was just like out of a movie, how does he just jog out RT : Man steals 1.5 million in poker chips from Bellagio casino
could you follow us so we can DM you an invite?
:
Are you still looking for items for your fashion film ?
Here's the bottom line: Cheney getting a new heart DEMANDS a complete reevaluation of the Recipient List process.
Period.
Christmas is ten days away.
:o
Goodnight Twitter : 3
you should see these freakin' things.
No housecat would stand a chance.
I've seen one fitted with a saddle.
;
Well, time for me to say Good Night!
I better not doctoram of spiders  tarantulas!
THAT would be a nightmare for me!
lol Night
: is The Newlyweds out yet?
Tried to get on Net Galley, no go.
treat employee bloggers like media, keep them updated and informed on firms news and achievements
free market proponents are supporting a totalitarian communist regime in China which enslaves a nation of powerless and poor...
listening to Brit and thinking of you
Really Hanson back to back homers?
RT : Does anyone deserve a nickname more than Kenneth Faried deserves MANIMAL?
The guy is a BEAST.
not spelling it like that!!
Not in my mentions
I love the way you think...
Students are coming to campus with mobile devices so ACU w/n be handing them out anymore.
we r looking at lily pad/wearbale art to appeal to girls used arduino in FabLAb course last year all boys fun to tinker
Reminder: Free member ticket reservation for Mon's game against the Galaxy will begin at noon on Saturday.
It was like that when I first saw it about nine months ago.
I love that Yuna's is the biggest head.
Featured haircut.
thankyou!
So nice of you :
Take a moment this morn to appreciate what you have before you set your tasks lists.
Care for what you have as well as what you want!
im at work right now...
Fuck dating.
Fuck being single lol.
That's a rant for another day, though.
Thanks!
: very happy with it, working out the minor kinks at the moment
Greatest weekend ever, prom was just perfect because of my amazing girlfriend and spending the next day at Six Flags:D
Xavier Avery  Felix Pie.
Hands down
Nothing quite like a bacon cheeseburger from ChickRuth in Annapolis.
Fully loaded for an afternoon of legislative process.
I can't make any promises!
RT : RT and Follow for your chance to win a Skill Shot for PlayStation Move.
Contest ends 5/21
Just stocked up on soup, cereal, bottled water, etc.
at Safeway.
Bring it, snOMG!
Hello!
Love that you used my photo in review!
Will you please include attribution, per the license?
Thank you!
It is just trying to get you to dump word and excel, which you should.
;
Always chase your doctorams
Damn I feel Stupid Lbs
YEP!
Only a couple stood their ground..I couldn't believe how easy to sway them..the parents said they talked to them..still did it
Nw Dark Shadows
That sad moment when you see hot guys somewhere and never see then again in your life.
thank you!
He is just perfect  being a mommy is the best thing ever!
Hope you're still doing well!
hm really?
I miss you a little..
I guess you could say, a little too much, a little too often, and a little more each day.
who I havnt seen her..lol
Wisdom is living your life in congruence with the will of God by walking in grace with him.
Wisdom Begins with fearing God.
U all right?
Were u thinking about what it be like to be a UL fan?
Gosh feel so alone cuz chris isnt here with me
Each week read a new poems of Biblical characters HUMANLY SPEAKING:Conversations With God.New Releases pg.
www.lindaswift.net
Its hard enough living w/ out your mom , especially when she's not there on mothers to thank..
Miss you mami 
While we're waiting, we'd love for you to tell us more about yourself.
What do you want to learn about adaptive learning?
no idea how you got unfollowed.
But it has been fixed.
I was wondering why you were so quiet.
Lord Dunmore however is only giving freedom to slaves of rebels.
Loyal Virginia citizens slaves will not be given freedom.
black n white thru window of Saint Amour.
Love the movie, I want to see more!
www.myspace.com/sethnathan
lol whys that?
Gym Shorts is one of my favorite callers to 
So apparently I'm not the only person who realized they needed to have their car inspected today.
Hooray for working in the waiting area!
Steelers going to pick Mike Adams from OSU?
PLEASE!!!
Greetings!
We're paired up in the Mario Tennis Open tourney I wanted to see if we could lock down a time.
hi I'm an up and coming actor looking to network with other actors.
And find a mentor in the business.
Follow back
Are you attending Decorex?
YAYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!
CELEBRATION!!!!!
fruitloop shots on shots on shots
What does gay marriage position have to do with running a country???
scratches head
Lots of love to  all Beyond the Dance dancers!
WOW!
What a fantastic show tonight!
ah bad news :/ im missing out this year BC im moving end of march
Hey SF!
I'm collecting signatures at Off The Grid from 58 tonight for please RT
Ray LaMontagne and cooking soothes the soul.
I need you to add my new name as a friend.
I am missing your tweets.
Civil War Research in New York State  www.unyg.com
Pleaassse tweet this ..
Happy birthday to our Director, doctor Jim Pitts!
We hope you have an amazing day :
All I have to do is sit up, write, sketch , and color .
hows the baby's
Trend it
I think it takes 3 years to figure this all out.
Then...landscape will completely change again.
Check out Kloves top charts.A lot of inspiration there.
I currently dig Kari Jobe's We Are and Addison Road Light if Mine
this weather is making me want to be extremely witty.
Don't be reckless with other people's hearts, don't put up with people who are reckless with yours.
Well, has yet to reach 1,200 followers.
Looks like his return to tweeting will be delayed after all.
hmm I'm pondering up some stuff now.
Lol
Good Morning Palo Alto!
News flash: norovirus  no fun for anyone, even if the 5weekold hasn't caught it yet.
Achievement unlocked: ER trip w/baby
Check out our amazing graduate programs.
You can earn your Masters Degree at in as little as 1y r, while working fulltime!
I'm off to buy some clothes!
they have better health insurance.
No I didnt read the article.
RT : BREAKING: NBA star without proper representation reveals himself to be tonedeaf, clueless with media.
More to come.
:Every one follow
OMG!!
It's my Favorite Movie!
I can watch it repeatedly and I collect memorabilia.
I NEVER get tired of it...
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: If you are afraid of success don't come around me, I will scare the mess out you!
Iceberg Slim Jay
In the car headed to the hotel.
Every time I write your name in a text I have to check it a million times!
Bahahaha
Sitting in my car like a fag cause I'm early for my test....yea
Thanks for the mention in your paper!
:
You have a very weak constitution for an atheist.
The only thing missing is you being gay: The Perfect failed mutation.
Bobby Valentine might go out there and spike Aaron Cook in the other leg just to have an excuse to take him out...
Not even slightly interested in what ya opinion is I gotta greater purpose than a hater purpose
not bragging but tomorrow I might just stay in and jerk off just cause I can!
hahaha
I agree.
We aren't going to stop.
Will keep adding.
MyBiggestFearIs being suffocated or doctorwning
I wish I could be there to see her walk the stage!
0;
fits that description, spanishspeaking, miami, and social media.
Congrats on your new position!
Much success!
IU students have declared this, Kentucky week...
Been Facebook arguing for 3 hours.

this was before I decided to pursue a doctoral degree in communication, focusing on cognitive science.
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
the round red fox waslked past the boring dog.
Late night Legs  Glutes training...muscled thru 3 Living the attitude baby breakingbarriers
thank you Neha...i'm happy to hear that
Being a fan of sports, how do you volunteer to work for ESPN?
That was all....
yes, oh yes, follow me my followers and i shall lead thou unto the promiseland of nonsensical babblings.
i think someone hacked my twitter.
Not with an unhealthy Valverde.
But I wanted Balester out way before Valverde tweaked himself.
If only scary kids would get back together
They don't have cheeseit's in Canada
must change it up or you will plateau due to muscle memory.
Max Ehrmann Many fears are born of fatigue and loneliness.
ok thx anyway, can't have doctorpal without doctorsh then.
the moo went all high pitch, and I was like ah XO
RT Reds will honor UK's championship team before Tuesday's game./ real recognize real
Looking to follow some more people on instagram : tweet me your name...
Affliction comes to us, not to make us sad but sober; not to make us sorry but wise.
Practice Today .
great meeting you today at the GA Bridal Show.
Follow our favorite auto peeps They're generous supporters of our fight against recidivism!
For NY kids w/Jewish blood in the 80's Adam Yauch was our Slash.
Proof you didn't need to grow into a beefy CPA or ineffectual intellectual.
Thanks very much!
RT : No, thank you for being one of my favorite places in the world 
yo ass must be feeling hella nice.
Ur awfully 'friendly' tonight lol.
I thought I was gng to hv to open a can of whoop ass on u
Absolutely, we'd love to have them.
: Email admin  we'll get you the addoctorss and info.
Thanks so much.
back when I had an office I was known to do that all the time.
Made going to class tough, ha.
Many trips back to collect them
Let the Griswold's show you the only way to spend your CHRISTMAS VACATION!
8pm FREE SHOWING DiveIn Theatre!
Happy Hr 47pm
they also have Alex Smith.
1 year wonder
We just launched in Boston.
Would love your feedback!
www.weatherist.com
RT : dogs are the best jussayin get u some//Thank U!
We appreciate your biz!
No regrets.
The true occultist wants nothing but wisdom.
Manly P.
Hall
vinnymacnation hackoff bottom of the top shelf!
lol i tweeted my fav subject at school was puss in boots.
lol
WHAT doesn't kill ya makes you stronger...:
Had a great time last night w/ and others
It has been 17 days since I last looked at twitter.
What have I missed?
Learning about the American Revolution in history, and all I can sing is Declaration of Independence by !
:
Such a beautiful mellow day.
I love days like these.
next time just start flexing.
Works like a charm.
Phones are ringing off the hook.
Everyone is talking about Fast Food Express.
MusicalStop.com Home of the INDEPENDENT ARTIST!
Latest plate: Pantaleo, Sapore del Piave  Caveman
awkward moment when the automatic door closes on you..
Your welcome!
; And that's so cool!
:D
I can't I dont wan to plus I like older men!
Member?!?!
Not sure!
Be sure to hit me up!
Ion Need 2 Be Stressing Over Nothing Aszx People
i love Maggie
I don't look up to them, but I support their music.
Loose seal!!
Sarah RaRa, on behalf of the world THANK YOU for making awesome music and art.
And thank you for your support!
I've run out of clever things to say but I'm happy you're mine I'm just happy A very happy guy
i was looking at you there and your face looked wrong
can u follow me?: haha i love u3.
OMG NO YOU DIDNT !!!!!!!!!
I just laughed xD
I think u should use brass knuckles on jericho so he'll Stfu and my friends and I use T.S.G.H is our motto...
Playing some hot reggae songs.
next year will be a better year to catch the Buffs anyhow.
a couple nice 4 stars coming in to play alongside Roberson  Dinwiddie
GAB staff: 25 counties haven't provided canvassed results from May 8 primary.
So Friday is the first day GAB can certify result.
how bad is buttermilk for you?
NF LOL I THOUGHT I WAS ALREADY FOLLOWING U!!!!!!!
FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW MY BRO!!!!!
Just finished a photo shoot with the amazing photographer Robin Emtage, she was delightful to work with.
Made me look beautiful.
Woohoo!
Just saw some lady get stabbed in the neck at ruby tuesdays in Norfolk, VA.
Michael's sausages can be preordered to take home by the pound!
Choose from Italian sausage, hot pepper marinade, Italian beef, and more!
thinking about you during your crazy busy month!!!
hope everything is going smoothly and on schedule!
Not me :P
Dude, I just heard.
That sucks!
At least Steve Blake took the shot.
2nd Steeler TO is a victory for the Pack
yikes!
I'm trying to prepare for that point in time...
ok awesome!
2703178082 is my contact info
20 hrs of travel so far, stolen merchandise, food poisoning and airline just lost bag.
yes, it's like a doctoram :
so beautiful
the odds of finding fellow HungerGames fans are in your favor.
Count me in!
Gingrich needs to get out.
Can't even carry the South.
Nothing left except obstruct.
Newt, get some honor and get out.
Declaring God's word in faith is NOT ignoring the facts.
Faith's confession is declaring God's greatness/ability in the face of the facts.
Not to demean the cleaning people of the world, but I thought we had a deal with them, like our deal with the pigeons.
You can't spell studying without dying.
Live coverage of Trayvon news conference on FOX 9 News right now
3rd and 1.
McD runs it right up the middle.
This one isn't on Hillis, this one is on McD.
I don't laugh as much as I used to.
I miss laughing.
Yes, coming in for the LA Festival of Books  the Latino Books into Movies Awards Shindig.
wth!
Haha, and my phone is dying .
Twitter does that, it's like sugar, or alcohol.Thankfully it does not trigger endorphins....like running, or other sports :
thx for the follow
Horrible Bosses was better than I thought.
Aniston is outrageous, Sudeikis and Bateman kill it, but Charlie Day steals the show.
Dear Pandora: you need to learn to read my mind and just know what I want to listen to and not make me have to keep switching stations
RT : Where's my MENACE fam at?
The average male loses his virginity at age 16, while the average female loses her virginity at age 17
hard to believe!!!
I can: Scott Baker, Francisco Liriano, Joe Nathan, Joe Mays, Kyle Gibson...
They oughta rename it Twins surgery.
dm for more info.
oh you won't want 2 miss the adventures I am gonna be tweeting.
This will prove entertaining.Gazelles do not belong on bikes:
What if every assignment was really an agreement?
How much more would get done?
Take it to Best Buy, love.
Best advice anyone ever gave me when mine just short of collapsed on me about a month ago.
The Brazilian fans are the greatest in MMA.
What a doctoram to fight in Brazil.
Aweinspiring.
Have you heard Danny, Dakota,  The Wishing Well?
by A Silent Film?
What should I do for dinner?
Nothing to speak of in the house...
I see how it is..
don't tweet me back and no follow back
Never Say Never is the only thing thats not letting me give up.
iloveyou : THANKYOU.
do you have a lot of scenes with ??
i hope so!
:
I have a feeling Bobby Valentine is going to do just fine in Bean Town....
howdy : hope u are at the show tomorrow :
Trivia What year did Texas Stadium open?
I spent a large majority of my night spreading the word of Pablove to my family.
XO, Love you guys.
I would enjoy said activity.
20 pieces, half and half.
I'm so sad I missed this convo on our Talk Derby party.
I wish I still had my hat!
Rt saw him on Wendy Williams, Idc wat anyone says Ronnie is freakin awesome !!!!
swag
Getting tired night twitter ;
Buy a book and get a free vegan donut from Red Rabbit Cooperative Bakery and a cup of fair trade coffee.
It's that easy.
I'm seriously speechless I just listened to FeelSoCloseToYou I'm like spazzing at how amazing it is going on replay all night!
5 dope songs on a mixtape
Miss out on todays clinic?
Never fear!
We'll be brewing things up again next week: same time, same place, different coffee.
See you then!
So all that extra work I did right when I moved to LA finally paid off!
Half of my face made it into the new movie
followed all ..:
I'm not your fucking bitch deal with it!
Finally figured out Ubuntu's Empathy chat client.
Nicely done app.
water water water all day everyday.....
I do now.
Freebird!
RT Bet you didn't know the 's in Monroe, LA has karaoke on Thursday nights.
The kids at the Orleans branch of the library perform today at 4:15pm.
Stop by if you can!
It's free.
: Victory!
Congrats to BLACKBERRY!
thank you!!
i hope you and the baby are well.
Great time at TedX Overlake.
It was an honor to participate.
Thanks to everyone, speakers, audience and volunteers for making a special day.
captainin America is my hero.
Just saying.
do u watch Dancing with the Stars?
Its on now!!!
Finally finished yesterday's workout.
Challenge day tomorrow!
Wide open okc player everytime down the floor, okc hasnt played great...
They ate just making every open jump shot there given.
DEFENSE!
yeah, I need to get back on track with my certs so it's highly possible.
:
Still 200 short of our daily goal.
All we need is 20 people to give 10 or 10 people to donate 20.
Lets make it happen!
Wishing I was on my way up to kc with and right about now.
ily please follow me!:
We missed you, Liz!
Rest up  we'll see you soon!
:
Whoa!
our 1500th follower!
Thanks to all of TeamYes Let's GO!
that's what I was thinking :p just wanted to confirm it, lol.
interested to see Howard's job advertised.
Millionaire Flip Flop Republican Willard M.Romney Will have the Wealthy Get Richer The Poor get Poorer, Bain Capital is Licking their Chops!
A Colorado State University study measured the changes induced by exercising this way.
The researchers found that they were still melting...
I got Twitter a week ago and don't fuckin fully understand it
Thank you so much for the Versatile Blogger Award!
You made me very happy I really appreciate it!
Have a great weekend!
Great pic in March issue of
nite geo hope u guys have fun!!!
Spirit in the Sky by Norman Greenbaum and Escape by Rupert Holmes
Happy Valentine's Day!!
I can't wait!!!!
Get it get it get it Mavs!!!
Thanks for following my twitter.
I agree the mind is extraordinary.
Let's fully explore what it can do!
Good night 3
I consider The Mighty Ducks to be one of the greatest trilogy's of alltime.
Just so you know.
2day be my mom's bday!
Happy Birthday mommy!
Love always!
Thx she has been thru so muchit hurts me 2 see her suffer so much.
Where does the Internet football team play?Webley.
I want an artic fox
Oscars : Hugo wins Cinematography.
That was tough but very deserving.
Hope we can meet sometime
So far , you are making me happy with all these cool things I can do.
Had no expectations, so I am very pleased.
Goodbye connecticut!
I like to think of it as folks testing Darwin's theory.
;
how is that not a travel on Andoctorw Smith???
2 hours of sexual harassment training is a long time!!
I guess that I'm and expert now
Type 2 diabetes accounts for 90 to 95 percent of all diagnosed cases of diabetes in adults.
At the panel at Write to Publish.
Great discussion on independent transmedia.
thanks!
I can only wear it when it warm out though since it's very poky under a jacket :P
Gave some copies of my EP to for their 7 bin and I think they just put them in the free magazine rack.
Hey, whatever works.
If compassion is shared suffering, then does true compassion help take on at least some of the other person's burden?
Someone convince to go to
thats a hard one dude.
We all know they helped each others careers out.
So its a pretty close tie...
Jay Z
I recommend American History Museum.
Something for everyone.
Amazing place.
anything exciting?
Haters only hate what they cant have, or cant be.
Just a little thing called jealousy.
Get over, life's not fair .
But today was a good day :o
Bachelorette producers may need a refresher on the definition of exciting.
TOP OF THE MORNIN
Might Be Finna Get Me An iPhonee.
Orbitz Worldwide and Adventure Travel Expert Richard Bangs Partner to Produce Inspirational Travel Series for Public Television
Sometimes, you just need a little Dashboard Confessional.
Are you reading the books or stickin' to the show?
I started to read, but don't want to ruin anything...haha
!
RT : .
on the Coachella Stage w/ Tim Armstrong of right now!
Discussed simplifying the develop process in Madison, WI with Steve Cover, Planning  Dev Director for the city.
Smart leader!
There's always the option of not ever following me.
I don't have on my professorle please follow.
I don't beg or bite.
:
Freshly squeezed orange juice....
right here at ABX inside Excalibur!
Are you Going Red for women today?
strangely, Walljasper made no tweets tonight of how well u all played.
Yes why
oh, please don't do that to me, I want a Jack Russell so bad!
cute.
Lolol throwin shoulders...
What if that shit worked though
No but ya pretty much asked all of twitter if they would go to the zoo with ya?
Baby I miss you.
.
.
Your xbox broke didn't it?
Yep.
So...why do I get a story about Rumer Willis?
No link about this?
doctorves me nuts
Walks in the snow have helped.
It gives me a little exercise, clears my head, and then hot chocolate at my desk.
Best possible marketing post on Facebook is a photo with a captainon 14 words or less
do u have a mother?
or were u hatched?
Come check out some photos I shot of and band
hey Wes!
How's the mister?
Y'all get that doctorss fixed from the hunger games premiere?
Hope my little Bobby Pin hem job worked!
It's a cold on in NC.
Feels like winter.
glad tomorrws Friday :
Been in this lab since 3
and I just heard you on the radio and I was proud!
Yay!
good job guys!
If you don't smoke weed, you should make it a new years resolution
As an amateur player, what's the smallest net worth you would have to have to buy in to the 1m WSOP event next summer?
50m?
100m?
I just sent you an email about Scott Haas and Chef Maws.
Would love to connect if you have some time.
TB RT : reading about your incredible high school career breaking Walker's record  were you a fullback or tailback
Well, all right then.
I want my dear ones to have something to remember me by, after all.
xo
I can't just make decisions for myself anymore
I don't think it's possible to not sing Climax in that high pitch tone lmfao.
If not knowing that she's beautiful is what makes her beautiful, then she's not beautiful anymore, right?
By now she has heard the song.
me too!
Ha, I know right?
But they seemed so normal/happy together!
My goal: have my 420th tweet on 4/20
About to tee off with at North Hills CC.
A preview round for the lombardiclassic June 8 and 9.
OK, The Magician's Elephant.
Loved it but I'm not sure what to do with it.
Do you know any kids who loved it?
sigh..at least they are consistent...
Fun theater arts class today: kids had to brainstorm and perform a short scene only using sound effects.
Next: a new oldtimeradio story.
Too much on my mind Tonight..
Ungggggg, jelly.
I mean, honestly, I'm JUST as good a dancer, and you just have to go being the famous one, right?
smh ;P
I wish I could say I love the people of my city but they're just too immature
tonight im gonna do something i haven't done in a long time
Long mess of a day and now I have to organize this hot mess of a file...
hahahaaa SOLD!
Ya..
the commercial got me too..
not the 100 in annual savings.
Just the good ole fun that can be had!
Mann my daddy skep as fuck boa
In the next 12 to 18 months, most of our audience will be preparing content on mobile device  Jory from BlogHer
The Lord's unfailing love and mercy never cease, fresh as the morning and sure as the sunrise.
back in englandd,my goshh the weathers so much different, didnt want to leave greecee, i miss my donkey friendss3
Waiting for 's new album to come out.
I'm going to buy the Deluxe Edition.
Come onn june hurry the fuck up already!!
Yeah that's hot, I like that mama!
Met this lady from Hawaii ;
: I love you yah fat head
The akward moment when ur buying wine  the cashier looks at ur Id and says first I was 22 that year and also my mom died on ur bday....
I almost went for a swim in my car lol
Blow Out TShirt SALE

76ers, but I guess none of those are named after 'a number' per se, they just have a number...what are we talking about?
Today marks 64 years since the Nakba  the catastrophe that displaced hundoctords of thousands of Palestinians, including my own grandparents.
The Krusty Krab pizza, is the pizza, for you and me.
In Bellevue, we used to mock you losers in Woodinville.
Heathens
al i want fir christmas is for U to FOLLOW me:
nothing omw home
Getting ready for Bengals game tonight.
Cleaning the house, making some 7 layer doctorp.
Not making wings  every time I do, the Bengals lose!
It seems as Cal doesn't like taking gambles anymore, like he did with Kanter.
Off the court issues are not fun to deal with.
lolz girl i love how i can't read ur professorle haha miss ya hope u come back sometime
I thought it was just me haha
OMG I LOVE YOU GUYS SM GREAT PERFORMANCE
Hi Scout :
I hope U ready supastar!!!
I got the turntables in the oven warming up right now.
CRUNK  doctorNK ON DECK!!
OH YEAH
So, the AWP writer's conference is sold out.
I'm pissed.
I have the feeling my immediate nabe will get critical mass only when the streetcar and Walter Reed happen.
TEACHERS TEDED is looking for your best 56 minute lessons and they will pair you with awesome animators to illustrate  share
sexy is a whole different beast
He didnt !
D:
UVa's had multiple starters injured.
If they lose a few games down the stretch does the tournament committee consider this?
I don't feel bad for the harsh bounty hunting penalties that came down on today!
Just finished setting up the iMAC in the studio!
Somone that makes you feel like your the only one that matters
Gonna have some great refferal programs for realtors.
Keep an eye out
Happy Birthday Duke Ellington!
The big band leader was born on April 29, 1899 in Lincolnton, North Carolina.
: I will have check it out tomorrow.
Should not have been a problem!
Family guy right now 
Barely got any sleep last night OO
Thanks to for the great customer service!
Caleb was a great help today on the phone and resolved my issue!
Glad to be back!
good night.
Love you more
your welcome.
This is true.
Sadly that photo was taken on the corner of 4th  Colorado, nowhere near a Whataburger.
Lol.
Haha!
We see you too!
GOKINGSGO!
I'm not smiling because I'm happy.
18conf understands the value of the best being on the frontline.
RT Such a happy girl right now!!!
Off to a beautiful conference on 21st Century learning and needs within the city of Fort Wayne  sure to be insightful and loaded with ideas
hey ms coko!
These burning hoes need to sit they ass down somewhere 
I don't regret you 3.
We believe live calls provide users a better service  only 7 of incidents logged by email are resolved in first contact.
BofA to layoff 10,000.
That's like 5x my high school...
lol it must be the 4g
Leggooo RT : Time to party rock with some bosses
ok.
Chill.
He cute.
But I don't doctorol for no man!
At least not in the last 6 to 7 years.
Chill with that noise!
Lol
done and done!
nice to meet you!
I am a lighthouse and although I am empty I still warn the sailors on their way
Looking for ABQ businesses to serve as collection points for our play dough and bubbles doctorve!
Send us a DM if you can help.
Pls RT
Being single is fun but some times u fell loney I sure love me a cowboy
Just finished rehearsal with psyche orchestra.
New songs are dope as hell!
Can't wait to play them next show!!
All good Brad.
How are you?
Glad to reconnect!!
It's already shaping up to be quite a week at Sandbox...
needs to be lnow
Hope every one had a good night:
Probably get a Hyabusa or something
I want to take all the really skinny girls in LA and make them live in New Orleans for a year.
Everyone in London and England are SO LUCKY to meet and i wish Bella and Zendaya would come back to New York City 3
Thanks!
Hope you're doing well.
Dick is in the house  your all invited FREE tonight  to a doctorss rehearsal of his Mon Night residency  See you here at 8:30.
You will never stumble while on your knees praying.
Bought mulch from Detroit Farm and Garden on Vernor in SW Detroit this afternoon and what a great place!
Hey : What you still doin up mister!
I did not intend to watch the live streaming of MAMA but hey, since I'm procrastinating, why not?
Now Following i
You're such a doctorma queen, bro.
Might be running into a brief traffic surge.
How long have things been 'slow going'?
Happy first day of spring.
I just don't comprehend!
Have a Smoked Salmon and bagel Breakfast  Firehook Bakery!
Hey Saifoo!
Not sure yet  looking into it.
We'll be sure to let you know ASAP
Hahahah just admit it.
I'm the boss :
Its here its here well alost NEVERSAYNEVER3D AAH IM proud of justin
tell me your addoctorss and I'll get you a shipping price!
football updates?
What time is the game?
Just got in the Guiness Book of World Records!
My son likes the Niners, so I took NY.
San Francisco ties it up.
Whatever don't burry me will only make me stronger,everyone is prey,blame it on my hunger
say it aint so!
Save 30 Rock, Community  Parks and Recreation.
Don't believe that NBC has shows of  quality to replace them
I thought someone was going to lose her job tonight?
are you taking lessons from Graham?
we agree!
And it's the battle of miserable goaltending
RT : RT Learnt a lot at filmmaking webinar today Creating compelling scenes for corporate marketing
Sounds fantastic!
Sometimes you just have to pretend like you belong somewhere in order to convince yourself.
And others.
Thanks.
I'm going to have to look up Psylocke, Oracle,  Lady Deathstrike.
never heard of those three.
good to hear!
I'm gonna try to see it this weekend.
Not sure when quite yet.
You don't measure activity, you measure results.
I need to remember that when I work out...
Relationships Are Overrated , I Just Want To Have Fun .
is tht to much to ask For
Slam Poetry at 2012 OBA makes me miss Spokane.
Ubaldo trade hater let me inform you of the statline for one Alex White today..
4 1/3 innings 5 hits, 6 runs, 6 earned runs 3 walks.
MOD  news on bloodshed in Egypt, lots of bloodshed, wow.
Can't really believe it's real.
love the cookbook you are George did together.
Just cooked the ham hock minestrone with pesto and bread rolls
thanks!
It was a perfect day!
23.
That's how many lifetimes it will take to pay the mortgage!
Life Lesson: Ignored signs  temporarily delayed reality
Welcome, Pat.
I have returned the follow...
Hey Bisexual Political Movement!
The 80's called, they want their agenda back.
thx for sharing!
x
Harry, as always...Thank you!
Have a great weekend also my friend.
It's true.
I am in love with a book.
The Fault in Our Stars by John Green.
I am reading it...again.
She Got Rtarded Brain!
She Makes Me Feel special!
Although this isn't , we are happy you enjoy it!
I'm pretty sure the Scientology billboard in downtown Seattle has Tom Cruise on it looking in the distance.
look at this guy..one cherry vodka too many...lol
Everyone follow if you were a 90's kid!
Haha, brings back memories ;
ever since th '03 Michigan game I've liked wearing the bright yellow tshirts the most.
Paul Simon with Brendon
Add your social network pages to the promotion site on my page if you need hits.
: Works for all.
Big winners in Madison were Anatevkins with 64 points.
A winning team made up of essentially 1.333 people.
Where ya at Chica??!!
Miss you!
Great Taxi service in Baltimore.
Yes it's possible.
Lost items, comments.
Follow me.
BaltTservice Improving taxi quality.
www.mytservice.com
I don't doubt the dedication at my daughter's elementary when I saw 15 cars in school parking lot on SUNDAY!
THANK YOU!!!!
I'm really liking Francoeur's style.
That's how you become a fan favorite!

is an awesome way to discover NYC  enjoy your time here!
Yeayay!
D.
BROWN!
Swear I Hate Wen Couple That Put In Years Break Up..Mfs Know Eachother Like The Backs Of Yall Hands..Yall Cn Work Dt Shit Out!!
upallnight upallnight we all wanna stay upallnight : it's been on replay at my house since it was available in the USA!
no i closed the door that the lizard was in
but there's no hard evidence
we believe.
Bring it on home boys, you have earned it and so deserve it
Even if your interview is on the radio, visuals are a good idea.
They instantly give the radio reporter something to see and talk about.
: Thanks Tommy!
For the doctorzzling the flick in aural awesomesauce.
Puns are MY territory.
You stay away.
HA!
I saw the Brunei thing then thought.
Dat be him!
Really?
I would've thought that ANY network would want bikini babe ghost hunters.
Screams wild success to me!
lol
I caught your grace with a corner of my eye.
Or was it your grace that stole a moment of my attention?
Cant' believe the celt's shakeup...
this is crazy, hopefully when the dust settles we will somehow be in better shape
Hello Sweetheart!
I am doing well.
I hope you are as well.
Hope this weekend is a great one!
Love you much Sis!
you're familar with thermodynamics?
Once the bread is toasted, it can't be untoasted.
Pujols is one
I haven't hooped in so long...
smh.
The awesome folks at set us up with a French press setup.
It's fresh and tastes amazing!
I got Error ID: 1314042152659 when accessing the file manager.
Can someone email me
If there is a night time tornado and by some miracle it wakes me up WHO ON TWITTER HAS A BASEMENT I CAN HANG OUT IN
Lol at the guys yelling nice ass to me while I was playing tennis.
You pissed Nick off.
Thanks.
There's always a cooling off period.
Nothing lasts forever, it evolves to either good or bad  how much you're willing to settle for/with...
Brats and Burgers kicked up with the Habanero version of Uncle Jim's...along with some roasted peppers
RT Japan Def.
Min.
Tanaka: DPRK rocket appears to have exploded one minute after launch.
have a girlfriend ?
yaahh bro !
Pearl Harbor!
Oh, how Ive missed you!
Good week of practice  great weekend of baseball
sounds like our kind of dinner!
I love the way Omer Asik is playing right now.
i dont know when ill be in nyc again.
travis and i dont talk anymore and i have no 
Be sure to stay grounded :
Also happy to have received a copy of the recently published Samaritan cookbook.
Now I can make the famous Samaritan macaroni!
Walk on with hope in your heart, and you'll never walk alone  Shah Rukh Khan
FF Get to know some of our followers
Interested in being in a flash mob for an event?
Dm
Scott's air vents smell like some dank blow ....
Tijuana raised, San Diego born, cross border latina
it's not working.
It won't let me see it
A group of 50 bicycle riders ...3 abreast...30 cars behind them going 20...share the road??
And when they say Jesus is our SAVIOR who they think he saving us from?
not the devil..
He is saving us from GOD's wrath
Hi Lynn  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
Your podcasts are very cool!
Yup.
I thought that new cop was going to be a good guy but I guess not
Thanks Gabe!
Today is longest day of the year, but I'm glad it is  more time to celebrate!
How's life in LA?
Going to VA this summer?
45 more lbs to go!
Getting closer to my goal of losing 60lbs.
Amino acids and veggies are the keys!
What if we don't have your number?
;
Aw I'm sorry Mallory:/
how's mister Delofagggot's class?
are playing early show tonightat Red 7, before the Austin Pets Alive!
Benefit, will feature art from 200 tattoo artists
same..
i feel like fangirling :D
Dont judge me!
I was abused for 9 months!!
And I was hungry!
with the exception of Garcia, they haven't performed
considering it
PlansForTheSummer rent/sell the crib  MOVE far away ...
no kids so I'm going for it ...
I will keep my comments ; rt : Are you watching????
I can't wait to see her 

Remember the old teen horror books from the 80s  90s?
So much fun to read.
Cusick, Stine, Pike...
good stuff.
chillin at the lock in at my school no school for us seniors we are sleeping in when i get home early morniing from morning
Wow dis is a nice hotel better than da hilton inn lol
Gotta a lot on my mind.
I miss you too 3
ROCK ON MY BROTHA U STILL THE MAN
how you feeling bro !
sweet!
bring some coffee!
i really need it too :D
You really want me to DJ your wedding?
Ok then, where do you want me to set up the pole?
Happy halloween
The Psycho score is amazing!
I'm a huge Hitchcock fan too.
I wish they'd do something like that here.
really red lol
was up lil bro was the move
Jessica was here 
Can't wait to start classes.
Well actually I can, just can't wait to leave.
Manic Panic purple haze.
Try it!!!
I feel like I need to.download Kik again.
RT MarshieMcKenzie So your mad because I rather get money than have sex oO I have my priorities in order my dude
not if we have anything to say about it
Congratulations to the Mavericks  2011 NBA Champions!!!
Dirk JasonKid U both deserve it!
let her know to be expecting to hear from me
What is this kurfuffl thing you keep speaking of?!?
trust me, I am not hip...
haha I know.
Wait your a virgin right?
i smith words for money
Hunting for cougars?
:
i saw you play in the basement of 1015 folsom in SF 2006ish.
Love your latest album and you're crushing it at 9:30 tonite
and lex and yacc for bonus points!
It's raining outside, it's like the whole world is one BIG budgie bath; it moves me, dag nabbit.
He did.
Did you know...
That tea is grown in over 100 countries?
: : They lying aint no way he got shot 4 times and walked off I almost got away with it  lol yea
if you don't make the show, we'll miss our 1 fan.
Good luck with the filming!
Ditto RT : hope everyone enjoys their last day of sessions  events  the KC nafsa10 conf.
It's been great meeting everyone!
Sen.
Hopper looks like he is going insane
Ok this ref just sent Adu off for a dive that wasn't.
Wow, MLS refs.
disorganized, tired and stressedd
alright LYNN THE REALTOR what's the T
seriously started to prepare for my speech at DePaul LAS honors convocation in 2 weeks.
My 1st formal speech
stanley cup  kings  devils kings take it in 7.
You get my text bro?
RT : Laura Haber from on mic now!
Born  bred in Bay Area, a non professort, goal is to reduce miles doctorven thru...
Right before you tap that putt or serve that tennis ball, take a deep breath and imagine yourself doing it perfectly
I need to keep up with the slang terms, a quick read made me think of a bossy teacher.
dude was a fucking poon anyways Good riddance!
It feels like Spring b/c 1I walked my dog wearing shorts 2 is on TV 3The windows are open 4March is tomorrow 5 I see the sun
Need to find something to do besides laundoctor before its football and beers time.
I cook my dog meals, so what
I reserved 10 too :
so not right.
Plowing through multiple writing assignments today before BILLY BUDD at the Met tonight.
And then there's the laundoctor.
Why???
you can do it
I would retweet that but you spelled something wrong.
some gr8 tech talk from Intel 
The part where they'd just taken out a whole bunch of enemies  it was just the 2 of them for a second...
Lol at you
Happy 21st lovely!!!
at the cross?
WHAT.
Damn that must suck!
I'd like shoot myself lol
SO MUCH STUDYING
You sir, can suck it.
Jerk.
An idea we should all embrace: RT : We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
Ronald Reagan
in reachin my romantic goals, I'm lettin go of the past.I could finally feel complete  but it's only the beginning.
The fact I might not go to school tomorrow 
can't wait till th
lets hope you dont have a heatwave and a doctorught then
Haha be careful over there :
Keep your mind active.
i really wish i could have gone with you.
I wanna know what its like to have your hand in mine, what its like to have your arms around me,  what its like to have your lips on mine3

Well, that's not true.
I do like a large portion of Brotherhood.
Ok, I'll have to give Republic another listen.
Nicely said.
And I can't even trip, cause I'm just laughing at ya, you trying hard to maintain, then go ahead, Cause I ain't mad at ya.
We found that for LGBT Latinos/as the more family support one has the more likely one is to be out.
I always wonder if you smile when you see MY name pop up on your phone
dayWithWikipedia says Rush is the equal to the Obama speech
That one isn't on my travel schedule.
We should be friends on FourSquare in case we end up in the same place and don't know it!
Proud 2 report a 40 conversion rate from recent event emailcampaign.
Buttons, bullets, segmentation  good content 
Olivia, stfu.
You.
Are.
Beautiful.
3
I bought a bike last night..so I'll be picking it up downtown and riding it home.
Then you will have to call me a hipster too
TMZ reporting that Junior Seau has died as the result of a shooting.
I also have screen shots of the pfz streem that I'm going to sort through tomorrow, gonna put the highlights in a separate post...
Danze  Davis Architects receives doctorHorton's Distinguished Service Award.
See why we're the  one architectural firm for homebuilders!
RT Mardi Gras party pops off today 114 w beer food tunes.
c y'all there
I love you to and I hope your day is awesome
u not wearing the right ones.
Im currently in love with them
Spring Special  Wednesday's 18 holes with cart 18.
Open Wednesday nights with Prime Rib Special.
Call 608.776.3377 for more details.
ok me :walking to the crunt with heath for are tag team i cant wate to kick some butt heath
I realize the Seattle cyclist culture is unique and hardy, but I question the judgement of those that commute on hard rain days.
Dangerous.
Now I'm going to have to listen to the Beastie Boys for the rest of the day.
RIP, MCA.
I thought I heard the same thing.
Did you see them?
Testing a tweet.
If your name isn't Niall Horan, Harry Styles, Liam Payne, Zayn Malik, or Louis Tomlinson, sorry but it's not gonna work between us.
when is this happening?
its torture thats what it is!
Time for me to make a mistake, take a chance, doctoram big, and keep moving forward.
My doctor told me I was morbidly obese.
As if I don't have enough on my plate.
.....like I've always known, ur love lies with me....chorus.
On the whole, I'd rather be in South Bend.
Happy Saturday to you!
Please ponder  be proactive in choosing how YOU use your time.
Wise counsel for anyone.
I still think its YOUR MUM!
Heythanks!
We appreciate it!
Tennessee in the US
lol ok.
I'll try it when I get a chance :
I know you are  That tweet was for everyone else...
Priceline39;s CEO to Outline Mobile Strategy
What should I eat???
listening to these Dilla beats..
SO CLOSE!
I mean why would her ASSt open the door wide open as the doctoris examine my vagina?
Why who does that?
Dustin Brown, you make me so happy :
blessed to wake now he gave the strength lets go !!!!
ahh, forgot about the cooked fruit thing.
: looks delish!
CAN WE PLEASE!
Its so freaking hot now!
I need that!
:
My nigg I'm still crackin up
Once you learn to stop giving a fuck about other people your life gets a lot easier
Aww, we need a gammaGUYS tag for stuff like this!
what?!
What channel shows the OC?!
Hahaha
Downloaded and started using Amazing experience, meticulously designed.
I am quite impressed.
thanks, Jordan ;
I have now :
I'm the same height as Christian Beadles...
can i please get more followers im asking nicely!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!: and thats not like me
Strategy makes all the difference for online marketing.
Get a perspective of the internet marketing channels, what fits for your business?
You are so sweet!
Thank you : 
she is your mommy your anttea your prayer vigilante
I don't regret the past, I just regret the time I've wasted on the wrong people.
I hate girls like that so mucccchhhh.
Don't blame every guy for being an asshole just because you have shitty taste.
Why oh why must people break glass all over downtown?
Aaron Cook exits and the O's are into the Red Sox bullpen early.
Nasty injury for Cook.
Didn't look hurt but looked nasty.
Intersection of lives in the classroom and outside the classroom is today's topic with
I can't help you there, I dont have a lot of followers.
I figured....if I built it, they would follow...but I may have over thought that...
just...
Those HEELS!
On a Wednesday afternoon!
I'm all for fashion over function, but DAMN!
What's happenin?
I just want to hate you so bad
2:01:30!
That's amazing.
You are so a seriou renaissance man
That Awkward Moment When You Say Hoe Instead Of How
I don't think Bibby should be playing at all anymore.
LeBron could play point guard when Chalmers is out.
Happy Friday Tweetpeeps.make it Fabulous!!
perfectguyforme , well i already have the perfect guy for me , his name is Brandon Allen Vannoy 3
Hey Ben thanks for following me!!
Laker fans at the staple center please keep the energy up in the building
Holy.shit.
I wouldn't be surprised if someone went insane from reading about someone who is going insane....
NeverTrustAGuyWho dosent wanna be seen with you in public because then hes just a dirty dog
always good times, renz.
so proud of you and your continued brilliance.
i HEART the new site!
it's HOT
Happy Thanksgiving!
Change  growth take place when a person has risked himself  dares to become involved in experimenting with his own life.
Otto
Awarded ACDC guest artist at HCC!
So excited!
coming soon.
I told dboy I would be happy to code a web app to count ur votes, never heard back...
Biggest MSU football game ever...!
Hopefully my triangle tunnels come in today
If I get a job in Boston, I will be moving to Boston this summer.
If not, no.
Steve: Harry should've ended up with Hermoine  Ron with the redhead.
Me: That's his sister!
can I get a fet well post ?
I think my 7th graders would really like Glogster
My bracket looked shot but I win if the wildcats win.
Early morning tweeters
Very belated but sincere thanks for the SO last week.
Enjoy your weekend.
listening to , who is a geoglobaldominatrix, can i say that?
doing our project
It's one thing to rain during the workweek, but on the weekends too?
Unacceptable!!
;
sure just did :
It's 8:20.
It's still light out.
that's good!
One of my friends is a pilot and always talks about how exciting AF flying is
unfamiliar territory
Buzzin day today :.
....I might regret saying that.
Lol it was like giving you permission!
Oh my...
Really??
Wait!
I know that place.
Right by Silver Strand.
Been there once.
:
she looks a mess tbh
Yes!
2xs.
And the horror story he wrote this year was given an A, but he was not allowed to read it to the class.
: Ditto that!
Fishing with the boys, hiking with the rest of the fam and Guinness!
Perfection!
Sounds perfect.
what did they do?
In my small town, Walmart was all we had so I love it in a nostalgic way ha.
you would probably make more money if your link worked
Everybody in the universe knows Bean is taking this 3.
Wow!
Well done videos ...
very eyeopening
Just watched STAR WARS in 3D.
Love you, Darth Maul.
I wouldn't mind leaving.
But that would be illegal.
But it's still on my mind.
MT TONIGHT  WisEye is covering Common Cause in WI w/Sen.
Larson, Rep.
Richards, former SC Justice Geske and Rep.
Honadel
Picked up a oilfieldservices business valuation.
Something tells me there will be quite a few of them this year!
we'll see about that tonight
Back in the city of angels...
time to turn up some hell..
;
and where would you find people to wheel it to your house?
the fire department is already hauling a giant fire engine
Kill 'em with the ass clap girl LOL just kiddin : Out doing my thang :
So stoked to play tonight with when lambs became lions again.
Gonna be a great show.
Everyone come out and support
Thanks to the The Costanzas for having us out to the Opolis last night!
We had a great time and it was a good show!
There's an iPhone 4 in the house and it's not mine.
Signs of life to come.
I will lose terribly RT : yes it is.
You really want to get into a cursing debate?
Anthocyanins slow aging freeradical fighting agents!
Cherries,Blueberries, Pomegranates, Cranberries, Sweet potatoes, Elderberries,Grapes
Nothing beats the sound of waves hitting the shore at night.
RT : IM TEACHING TODAY!!!
FIRST CLASS of the NEW YEAR 9pm!
Got a new one FAH you!
: Come thru if you can.
because they're jealous of your perfectness?
learning too much CSS.
like the backend stuff better.
fullstack programming i suppose.
Happy Spring Break to all SLIS Students!
We'll be taking a break on Twitter  Facebook next week, too!
See you in April :
I think our shoes are gonna be untied the whole night!
can you please follow me ?3
hey, concert on sunday right?
what time
A, A, B  B ...
i will take it for my grades.
Now only one more semester :
date with my boyfriend was so fun!
Time for a hike...where are those snowshoes
Can I go to THATcamp, administration?
Y?
Last night my dad met for the first time.
Seeing my dad meet someone from one of his favorite shows was the cutest thing ever.
Sorry all, but we will be CLOSED on Saturday, June 4th for a wedding.
We apologize for any inconvenience!
We win our College Football Game of the Year yesterday, but a poor showing in college hoops for the day.
Get on board for Sunday's Card!
I love people.
I take a call to set up a tow  the guy says Oh it's not as bad as the last time my car was there.
The car arrives right
All nu Thursday stop.
Chick gonna be a zoo tho
What are your next few evenings looking like?
I have a groupon for a Peruvian restaurant that expires on Wends....lol
This white dude wearing a durag is way to much for me to handle right now
HOLY SHITT AWKWARD WAS AMAZING!!!!!!!
33333333 IM GONNA DIE I CNT BELIEVE SHE WROTE THAT NOTE THATS CRAZY MATTY IS A HOTTIE!
I wasn't a PSU fan yet, but it made nights at The CanteenBartlesville, Oklahoma's 1 teen hangoutdependably lame.
Glad its friday.
Give up the trophy, you ass!
Take me or leave me, I'll never be perfect believe me I'm worth it, so take me or leave me3
aww: I miss you too I will definitely come see you!!
Digital First Media launches war veterans project
aw i can't watch it : my sister's computer's dead : : :
I feel you bro, u should pass by our new spot
surprised you didn't go with red for your badgers.
I shoulda known: People don't realize how much bartering can help them!
I do partial and full barters  always have!
sometime doctorke be on that corny shit...buddens skills is rediculous!!!!
can you text me your email addoctorss?
Im just in a great mood, man!

Albus Dumbledore from Harry Potter
my condolences.
i am so sorry.
Rosie show sold out on Dec 10 at Davenport's but please watch because may be adding another show...
your mom!
Lmao!!!
End of the buckeye season.
First 7 loss season since 1897.
That was the 10th time these NBC commentators have talked about Ricky Fowler's 'Jack Sparrow' look.
How do theories like the government doesn't creat jobs even get started and then assumed true...
Appreciate the mentions and RT's, thanks!
JPeters1221
YES they are!
apparently they decided to play with their eyes closed and put no effort in this series 
too many pregnant celebs and too many are getting engaged they must have spring fever too
sitting in Miami traffic trying to get to the heat game.
this is easily one of the 5 worst places in the entire world
Have to tell you guys...your Sakura Black and Taiwan Ruby Black teas are just outstanding.
Very unique flavors.
wow.
That's a killer.
now i dont even know if i still want to be in Marketing since misterLange is going to move schools
I will be 40 within a year and a half from now.
you're moving to Atlanta?!
So exciting!
And a better climate too ; 
I'm not going to sleep.
It's just a webcam for the stream or HD?
Love Lisa and Celtic Woman.
what time I have a presentation at 5pm
I tip my already mostlytipped hat to you guys!
ask ur mom if she found out please.
The train conductor is talking in a fake British accent and the guy next to me looks like Harry Styles.
I love New York.
A close game between 23 Auburn and Utah St.
2121 in the 3rd quarter.
This is another game I want the underdog to win badly.
Helpful feedback on social media editorial calendars and content syndication at smisterboot.
Next step: tackle overfragmentation.
What's your passion?
Monday, blah blah blah...back to school/work, blah blah blah!
Love my friends.
Smart play rex
needs a sponsor for MISS CALIFORNIA USA 2010!!!
One of the best TV series ever constructed!
Let them help make your household budget  then their own RT : Q5.
If you have kids..how do you teach them about debt?
Rex says he never gets excited about doctorfting wideouts, but raves about 's speed: Wow.
Hill can fly.
The real problem to job creation in MKE.....Tom Barrett.
I'm still good for a lap dance though!
When you get your a out of bed...
give me a call!!
please could i get a follow for my birthday?3 it would mean the world to me3
Did a Porsche event at Road America this week.
They are promoting their new Panamera which is their first sedan.
Man, it is sweet!!
No problem!
Please stop by for toffee soon!
RT : thanks for the FF love!
Because of being 20 minutes late on ordering my Nvidia GTX 570 I may have to wait till tomorrow to receive it :
Constantly being one step behind I'd no way to go through life.
Get your shit done and you'll be happier.
I might need to go attack a vending machine
What do you think IUBB needs to do to get 2 big road wins agianst Michigan and Purdue?
I'm just waiting on the worldstar video of the fight.
That's where all twitter beefs lead.
Everybody and there fucking high expectations of me but not helping me do shit .
Need feedback on your current CV?
Come get some Friday at 12pm in the Huff House, rm 107 RSVP at bit.ly/tSNPtb
there's nothing wrong with pregaming on the train!
Focusing on how gorgeous it is outside while running errands.
Harborfields High School Varsity Cheer car wash!
ANIMANIACS  THEME SONG LYRICS
Planing my spring break vacation:
Craving something sweet or salty?
You might really be hungry
I agree with you.
Be sure and watch at noon.
David Pettyjohn will be discussing OK Humanities Awards  nominations!
a lot fo googd ideas to make money from affiliate marketing to google adsense to paid surveys
Wrap that up as a win, back to LA for game 3
have you seen the video for lightning by the wanted?
MAX'S ARMS ARE LIKE AMAZING
Illinois shake down on businessSears breaking free.
Wisconsin in the hunt for major stakes.
Milwaukee ready to deliver on workforce.
yea really
I wanna see the girls who actually stick around when a new band comes out and ppl are saying 1D aren't relevant, those are my sisters!
MySpace will it express its feelings on Sulia.....
Can't decide between Asking Alexandoctora, Escape The Fate, A Day To Remember, or Black Veil Brides Tshirts...damn it !
you a trill bitch put y motha fuckin hands up
Excited for today's meeting, and not just because it's raining outside!
Our contractor Paul is speaking today
Brit, I don't get the reference.
Trying 2stay healthy over the holidays??
Take a box of crisps w/u!
Don't 4get to bring for the host too, bc then that would just be rude.
I assume this means students who don't have them already will have to purchase?
Canadian sushi: should we?
God loves each of us as if there were only one of us.
Augustine
Love RT : Government and celebrities trying to cut down on abundance of pork.
No microwave should need to know the date in order to set the clock.
Even AM/PM seems minimally invasive.
Tip of the cap, Sunbeam SGC7701.
RT : Birches by Robert Frost.
RT : Carry a poem around tmister in honor of Poem in Your Pocket day.
Which poem?
How great MKE really is  over 100 items donated, over 30 bach/ettes, over 500 people attending.
All for kids  cancer.
dateforacure.org
y doesnt Derick Rose have a twitter??????
no need to get mad lol
A look at the longterm redevelopment plan for Springfield, MA after last June's tornado on at 9pm.
just like 3 times lol..u?
Kyrie getting doubled by the celtics.
Respect.
Go Cavs!
Yeah NASCAR!!
East coast weather boosts hair volume, and natural curl  will be missed.
have you bought the single yet?
Looking at online patienteducation offerings, dominated by surgery decision/procedure; little on postop patient behavior/reducing problems
I've been asking my library instruction students how many are on Tumblr.
Lots!
Tumblr is awesome, and students are using it.
show at sacred grounds tonight.
see you there
Thumbs are awesome might the best takeaway from 's FOWD workshop thus far.
Echofon......
My spell gene is absent
In DC too RY RT Teachers spend on avg 25/mo own money to feed their students says
haha I looked through the credential list from the game...
but I've been pretty good...
how about yourself??
lol it's all good, i laughed too ..then choked her out lol jk ;D
I cannot believe that jackass is still employed by ESPN.
I can't stand my daughter's best friend.
She is constantly tattling on my daughter...
to me!
Ok, 10 VIP discount when you show this tweet and mention our mascots name Lunabelle RT : maybe...
Thanks!
RT thank you for everything this semester!
Definitely one of the top enjoyable classes/professorssors Ive had at tech.
Don't want to be in Arranging for 2 hours...
I didn't realize it was hotter than Africa out side and I am walking my dog in a black t and elites
: MT Toddler Angel Babcock has been taken off life support.SO SAD!
Thanks, Jodi, for the shoutout to my colleagues and
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Some childoctorn end up in Child Protective Services while others go to Juvenile Court for the same conduct.
Awww Man..Here we go again with all this snow stuff again!!
Yeah, she's pretty dang Muppety!
emotional availability is so sexy.
w
Kids, adults can pull in to modeltrain depot Saturday  Andover Townsman
The work day needs to end now.
Currently recruiting a part time staff accountant with WIP experience, in a manufacturing environment.
35 years experience preferred.
Ref
oral cholera vaccine that can help prevent people from getting cholera again.
Why wouldn't we do that?
Jon Lascher, Partners in Health
Worship service
This is a day on which I am not pleased to be of the female persuasion.
Balance billing has been a critical problem for a long time.
A sign our healthcare system is broken.
RT : Why does Romeny have a Swiss bank account?
WhatsRomneyHiding Where's your taxes??
exactly, let's just play some baseball...
Following u ; : Please follow me
I believe I'm free tomorrow night.
he makes my day :
Taking easy ass tests that make you feel smart
good food.
good weed.
good liquor.
good company.
good times.
Who wants dinner !
Yeah that was indeed a monstrosity.
There are tons of Melvin Stukes and Pete Welch signs in District 9, all posted on vacants.
OK Good I trust everything works out.
If it does spread the work about our
Duquette Sports Academy Labor Day Tourney team sample: Greenfield Nor'Easters, Wells Warriors, Pittsfield Daddy O's.
I WON THE Flyers vs Penguins GAME IN FANCAKE!
BOW DOWN TO MY GREATNESS AND WORSHIP MY FEET!
Charmed, I'm sure.
Here come the waterworks
So cheesay RT : Thanks for a great day guys!
SM is a cool way to teach Wisdom of Crowds
Does Jahvid Best taking under market val w/ his 10 mil while guys around him got 1213 mil make Hughes contract harder to do?
Threats to ebook lending: publishers, budgets, licenses, change in technology, vendor lending services
I heard a talk today by Noam Chomsky and he implied that infants could learn to read in the same manner they learn to talk.
use of research findings in payerprovider operations makes sense and is much needed
Oomf Gt Nigga Problems But Won't Let Me Show Her Love From A Real Nigga
Victim was a staff member, mister.
Patty, teacher aid from Patriot HS She is in critical condition.
Her husband who shot her is dead.
ThoughtsAtWalmart I want that  that  that  that  that  that
follow me!1
A True Classic.
she must have done a lot of praying before that to the national anthem gods.
Let's open a pizzeria and close at fin 9 pm.
Good business.
Thanks St.
Clair County Bar Association for gathering 150 participants for ILSCCPARDC Ethics  professorssionalism CLE
When ur young ur delight is friends, but when u grow up ur delight is family and money......so I don't mind my circle being small...GWS
This melancholy weather makes me miss the 9 train.
I am in love with the Oreo Klondike bar i can not eat enough of them they're just SOO GOOD
WERE GOING TO THE SUPERBOWL!!!
My mama making me ride the bus cuz i lost my permit!
No one !
Sweat Tips New Haven Officer Off To Robbery Suspect  Hartford Courant
Mf think I'm stupid or sum knowing dam well I hate liers smh Iight niggas wanna play them dum games then fuck it go head do yu I'm dne
oh Twitter.
You have no idea how excited I am for my interview on Monday.
New York Publishing doctorams are coming true!
RT : YES!!
says build the product that YOU want to use.
That's what we did  it makes all the difference!...
I don't see any good ones, but definitely use anything you can find.
Some of them doctorpped off the free account I think.
Fat Chicks Need Love Too ..
Just Gotta Pay
I love it when you can tell you've been followed by a spam bot, especially when the company is state specific and not in yours....
Haha I can't stand Crocs!
Keep 'em coming you make me chuckle...
Avengers?
Yes,please!
1 Race is complicated PRECISELY BECAUSE it is made up, constructed, arbitrary, and shifting  yet still powerfully constant, and ...
If you need to get your feelings out, Im a great person to talk to...
Just a DM away 3 :
yay!
Me too!
What's DwightHoward thinking now?
addoctorsses latest news on OrlandoMagic center with right now.
having lunch with your mama 4 her bday.
it always gets busy when I go on break m/
Oh no griot for you boo :
or a queen :
Peple ask me why inspires me.
I respond that she grew from her past and made her life better, like im working to now:
Watson fucked over Chicago
you can be older and still be immature...you can be young and be mature...seriously, age ain't nothin but a number.
hey heyy omg i miss you 3
50pgs of abstractions described through case studies and interviews to create/write in 7 wks, plus 3 classes and a job, thank god no baby
why didn't anyone tell me that Betty Garrett died this year?
:
Breakfast for dinner!
Fuck you school.
I wanna sleep.
So sorry for your loss!
: Keep me and my family in prayer as I just found out my SisInLaw KIM MILLER passed away this morning!
Yea Sunday!
We are open now until 4pm and this week we start staying open until 5pm
We were on time until we had to go back for the marriage license.
We can dig Island Girls, just like Although the way we dig them is slightly different...
me too!
i wonder how many times ive backed up without looking in my rearview mirror and not hit anything?
damn.
I think Ima gonna sing hater by Miranda Brooke for the talent show .
Zaona
He gonna get atleast 5 RT : Two game suspension and lets keep it moving...They are going to talk this to death...
these hoes fake dude!
Z i follow every Fin bodi
Crazyness when your sister tells you the trolalalalolerss go to our school
Why did I not take the free tickets to go see Darius Rucker and Lady Antebellum today ?
Never had a Shamisterck shake .
.
.
If that thing doesn't get you doctornk, I'm protesting!!
she requested the one that liked her.
sorry, it happened to be milo.
Any lady brewers interested in brewing for the Alleyfight this year?
Let us knowwe'll hook you up!
Er school starts in a few ee
I don't think I've launched a program from the Dock in two years.
Isn't Spotlight just way faster?
I think it's a goner girl.
Hate to be the bearer of bad news!
;

shopping this week tattoo this weekend
that's probably why they dont make them anymore.
No No
Blue Bobby Production Akila Records
Everyone please follow I manage the lakeside resort and would live to share it's beauty  fun with as many as possible!
Hello there trevor what is up
How you like the twat?
I mean twitter xD
Oh Honey if you want to learn good stuff BookEnds w Jessica is the best ever/every day is good book industry info
I ALWAYS SAY THIS TO MY KIDS!
LOL : ThingsMyMotherSays Do you have any homework you haven't done?
Johnny Most is smoking 7 Lucky Strikes  chugging Canadian Mist in heaven right now
Great shot2011 meeting.
Many thanks to new colleagues in history.
I have some great notes.
Ugh my phone just rang and I don't feel like getting it
Matthew, at 9 on a Fri night: Can I start calling random people?
So mad rite now
I commend my brain for coming up with that one.
It was quite nice, haha.
3 Thanks so much for recommending my book  hosting a giveaway.
Imagine a picture perfect world...
now wake up.
see that load of crap?
That's called reality.
i'll just leave that up to your boo
Got a mixtape doctorpping late June, have some new tracks ive been working on that I want you to spit a verse on, ill keep u posted
Happy Easter.
Finished the semester with 2 As one B and one C...
can't complain..
I'm going for straight As next semester.
watch...
this mpc is wayy to complicated for me
Yes, the Wiz one...
they just did it on The Voice.
Damn you too?
RT : Im always wrong.
Let tha next person tell it.
Cascabel at Black Lodge.
Pretty fucking good.
Are you down?
Great spirits have always found violent opposition from mediocre minds.
Albert Einstein.
One of my favorite quotes, and so very true.
preciate it mane
The more that u read, the more things u will know.
The more that u learn, the more places you'll go.
doctor Seuss.
What books r u reading?
When servers say tell me when as they grate cheese over your salad...
What if you never tell them to stop?
Will they grate forever?
I'm glad you enjoyed Red Sky Warning, Louisa :
i really cant type because doctors keep coming in and josh snuck me a laptop we were walking by our hotel cause we stayed at the bea
I understand tired of PPT.
But there's tired of Prezi too.
you is crazyy...Love bein on the phone with you !
ahhahahahaha
By George I've got it!
ATTENTION INTERNET: I know I'm not as fun as green beer but if someone could help me out this Sat 11a4p I will owe you big time!
you guys up for margaritas?
I hate how my parents already made plans with my money before i get it.....
New libraries attract students!
Now, let's make a great college!
When you send a text to someone..
but it doesn't always deliver until you open that chat back up.
Line Edit Tool for Arcmap is approved and Developer starts earning.
Come and join us to earn money from your extensions
So I told him and he doesn't believe me.
Was he French?
The Lion King has 1 of my favorite jokes, tho: Nothing.
What's a motto w you?
Encourages our communities to go out and vote tomorrow.
Let your vote be heard.
People who do the same face when they take a pic :/
Nice bio, looking forward to reading more from you.
thanks for the follow!
March 9  The Avenue Lounge w/ The Turkeys.
Come shake yo' sass!
how is the evan smotrycz thing any different..
blocked schools we will be playing along with B1G
they are some sneaky mfs lol
like a mother effer haha that's great
RT Let us not forget about the less fortunate who've never been to a restaurant where an educated foreigner recites the menu to you.
Did you graduate from Milliken University in Decatur?
Hey Class of 2002!
We need your email addoctorsses if you want to be apart of planning your 10 year reunion!
Tweet them to us!
Seriously!
I was also thinking about starting a FridayReads board today.
I LOVE SO MUCH!
Are you's looking forward to June 1st in Belfast?
I'll be there for my 16th birthday, give us a shoutout?;
Give permission.
you playing at is8 this weekend??
yes yes, we know the cali flag snapback is sold out, more to come on 8/30!!!
BUREAU CAP
you don't have to pay me!
Haha if I have one I'll just give it to you but I gotta look
hahah he's handsome ; lolol he sounds like buzz light year xp
Going to for Spring Break?
Party all night Contact me for VIP tables and information about upcoming events
no i was sendin it to fransisco did u see the link he send us cuz i aint gonna watch it
Yo the Magic handed out some heavy contracts a few years back..
Arenas is in the top 10 or 15 highest paid in the league.
Rocked a commercial audition today!
And preparing for another audition on Monday!
But 1st I gotta birthday party w/my LA peeps tonight!
Thank you everyone!
I appreciate your likes and kind comments.
:
Cute pic of you and j :
Haha!
That's so true!
that's what I had, 2 sacres, a Stockton, a dower, and a team clip.
Head down to and grab your 2011 Program Book!
So you know what day our film premieres
You're looking at me, but I'm looking right through you..
is he still not signed?!?
However, I have not converted from a braves fan to a white sox fan.
Just calling a spade, a spade.
yea, its true :p he's alive most of the time but posts very little things :p
Guess I'll get some Pleasant Ridge Chili befo work
Saw Johnny Knoxville at Laurel Tavern, was not someone I expected to see on a Monday evening.
Thanks!
So glad to have finally met IRL.
oops, foot bits.
Hospital ruining my brain.
walikn towards u
Having to wake up early on the one day we get to sleep in
That should have been imagining.
arg ;
no not yet I'm probably gonna post it at midnight or tomorrow because I took a long nap today sorry :/
YouKnowYourHigh wth....
what a stupid trend......
If the iPad was chocolate...
would you?
Catch Me  Relic This Wednesday for the PreThanksgiving Day Party...
'love and other doctorgs' nice doctorma movie which made me don't finish yet my job nyetrika
I have 15th Birthday Day :
When are you coming home again?
are you going to come by?
ah I see your
woooaaah thought you were asleep :
should have one actual cooking show.
MT The only way I'd bring back Good Eats is if there were fan demand.
.
RT : Favorite butcher shop in indy?
I suck  multitasking.
how do you train a cat not to bite...?
i wish i could afford the CP.2 kit with all the mounts.
Ah, to doctoram.
Bulls all the way3
R.I.P Gorden Simmons ........
We will miss you.....
I still can't believe this :
Indeed.
Longer loading times bad for conversion!
Thanks again and the vid work is done by my bud
Wow.
Three months.
It seems like I just called you on the phone at 10:36 at night on Valentine's Day just yesterday.
I love you3
: You might like this  Rachel Platten and Caitlin Rose  fresh female singersongwriters on the rise thanks!
Interested in a Free Digital Review and 2012 marketing plan for your golfcourse, contact me at
those are less expensive then the ones I got tho...
Its a hard knock life for us .
The Gospel is not being preached correctly until my hands are moving as much as my lips.
standing by with sling in hand!
: Ready to take the world!!!
Where my GiantSlayers at!!??!!!
Not a jerk at all.
Thanks.
omg what!?
Have fun!
Maybe I'll see ya around :
I know that your neighbors will miss you!
Why are some people still opposed to ebooks?
Theyre the same people that wouldnt let women vote, because it would disturb things.
I won't for sure I do believe somewhere he knows what's happened  is smiling
Palm d'or winner or Scream 4 hm...
our new website...
www.lumainstitute.com
don't let cartoon characters fire you up.
No one takes that cat seriously anymore.
Fo Sho!
Tip in dunk was money!
CATS CATS CATS!!
my thoughts exactly  proud of our troops but at the same time fearful of what may happen now
Anyone see La Traviata today ?
Love Natalie Dessay.
Disappointing set.
I watched with eyes closed :
Really hoping I win this week in fantasy football, if I do, guaranteed money.
People react to weakness with meanness  Rachel TRUTH.
making hits
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
Happy Easter everyone!
I can't wait for some kielbasa!
The English Riviera
'AbdulBahás train pulls into New York City.
Hes been gone for three weeks.
about the got to sleep :
Melting  Licking Chocolate off of a plate
RT Follow my Friends
Hello, I wonder if you can help me addoctorss a support problem I'm having.
Traditional channels aren't working.
Can u help?
Thanks.
Never been there, but now I need to go!
: Just remember; someone loves everything you hate about yourself.
somebody else hates everything you love about yourself
Happy to be in audience of new carolinas chapter: 300 women  men w/Mary Davis Holt speaking
Come on C's
good luck !
lovegettingtold oh, this is a winning ticket.
Buy One get one free cranburry naturals printable coupon
Little Giants AND Lion King on tv in one night?!!
yeah its depressing : and idk, i barely obsess anymore bc i just dont have time.
but i dont think im gonna stop, bc i just cant
Um...
Two of the train conductors were together in the same part of the train with the door locked and when they came out, the guy had 
Nothing like a good run to clear the good ol' noggin.
Yeah I just said noggin.
not really...
Just picked up another rad show today at Jr.'s on red river and 6th st.
We go on at 4:14!
Stoked to be at
sexy moon
Thanks look forward to catching up, hopefully doesn't grill me tomorrow night...
Who wants a FF?
:P
RT : AECSM A1: policy sounds so formal for many firms.
Tips or guidelines may be met with more acceptance.
Tiger compared to Peewee Herman and Mike Tyson after the staged speach....hahaha!
Join us at the Atlanta Underground Film Festival.
Sun 9/25 8:30pm at the Goat Farm to see Bob and Bob
Waiting for my mates to pick me up for my stag weekend...no idea where to and what the plan is  but I should be back Sunday night!
;
Looking forward to the Excursion to Auchentoshan Distillery
ODU to Conference USA and FBS football?
Can I vote yes?
This radio station fuckin kills it at night.
Yes Amen sis!
He is great.
Its pleasure to receive u encouragement sis : thank u for your prayers!!!
May you be filled with peace
I love Tyra Banks.
Didn't we talk about how our boyfriends were our only friends at lunch today ?
hahaha.
I am definitely a big big big fan...........Love ya 3
The best thing I ever did was investing everything in me
haha nah just
Everything poker!!!
up to 75 off.
Come see our store!
www.Eproducts4less.biz
My dad catered that movie.
at New York Aviators game
Happy Friday!
we're good...all is well with yourself?
The food was fantastic!
The cherry and goat cheese was devine!
Thank you for all you did!
Norm, great seeing you today, and I got a lot of good information from you!
Don't deny it.
We all calculate the minimum score we can get on our finals in order to get a certain letter grade.
Some say you should eatfish once or 2 times a week?
You think its the beef corps pushing there own agenda?
Dislikes people with no style!
Thanks for sharing this.
I need to put reimmersion in NYPL on the agenda the next time I'm home to see the fam.
I had 3 auditions last week!
win.
Wake Up!
a film by amistereartfilms is 02 for film festival selections fail.
Come on Callbacks!
Instant facepalm every single time I read something from that blog...
sigh
It sucks knowing that you come second to the person you put first.
How is ohreally trending?!
Has the world just been hit by sudden and strangely unbelievable information?
I have a long sleeve shirt, a sweatshirt,  sweatpants on  I'm still cold too.
Last night was ridiculous.
They need heat.
ah i love lady gaga!!!!
i really hate people who hate on her!
she is soo talented and such a sweet person!
whats wrong with people???
Good morning
wtf ever..
biteme i don't need spelling lessons from you.
People often say that motivation doesn't last.
Well, neither does bathing  that's why we recommend it daily.
Zig Ziglar
Hello published writer.
Me: Hola!
Como estas?
: Spanish guy: Speaks mad fast Spanish Me: Dude, chill!
Dora didn't teach me that yet!
How come I can run 5 miles with 21,000 people, no problem, but I can't run a mile by myself without getting winded?
Change our unemployment system to a reemployment system  like!
Two of my favorite bass player friends on one tour!
Enjoy guys.
Episode 1....
Let's see if I get hooked on another show.
you mother fucker
Just woke up from a doctoram where I invented collared pants.
Awh, thanks girl!
.
I'll be there tonight around 6:30.
Waiting for to get home.
Real time facebook status updates in the car after your date?
Bitch you gotta get a life.
We will only crawl a website as fast as that site can handle.
Going faster would take down the website.
cool  Norman Mailer's is my fave!
crap mood.
YOU HAVE TO GO.
THIS YEAR IS ACTUALLY REALLY GOOD.
lol, so true
be your own person fuck everybody else
yes dear i created you lol :
RT if you can't live without music
Key to effective book marketing?
Portfolio approach  price is 1 factor but social, SEO all key.
Data analytics is backbone.
try not to ask him 4 questions in one....just kidding.
bet friends:
Upside down car 520 east bound after 148th exit....wort the
follow my pepls
New on tCR: Interview with Maria Murnane.
We talk about writing, soccer and the evils of buying used books.
On thecurrentreader.com now
This Another Night Out 6512 episode to legit
ohh jessica fletcher....you cunning little fox.
Kei does well to get that out from under his feet and get a shot on goal.
Their clothing is as fake as their spines.
Something Fresh For the Sports Fans...Are you ready???
have fun at the wedding Dill!!!!
I wish your sister the best!
Wow!
Congratulations.
What a great way to start the year : 
Thanks!!
That is hilarious : My dad will love your take on it!
Too bad the Heathkits are long gone.
heard the ratio is like 6 to 1 ; get it son..
: Spa staff in swanky resorts in Miami ask massage clients if they have ass implants so excess pressure injuries are avoided
Christine is boyfriend shopping for me through our customers, not gonna lie she's doing pretty damn good !
I love garlic!
1st date worthy!
RT : Greek restaurant Estia.
Greek food is great, but maybe not on a first date?
come on man.
He was in pain.
You know what it looks like to be in pain right?
Steam key is one of the most important selling points for me and
Hmm, no, actually slipping knitwise puts a twist into the stitch, so there's probably a specific reason.
The two ladies that mean alot to me i love them both lucky to have them in my life
good lookin signature there, must've been a busy day!
Congrats to Barry Larkin on his election to the National Baseball Hall of Fame.
An all time favorite of mine!
Lets Go
I may not have the best of hearing, but I can hear I'm thinking about buying a bike.
from a mile away.
just watched that She  Him video.
Totes reminds me of vintage Rilo loves it 3
I'm twisting Something Sippn Something Yea u know I'm Turnt Up!
do what?
replacebandsnameswithboobs boobs wanted
Sitting on the couch in my running gear.
Tempting not to bother.
im going to go get wasted tonight ;D
I'm like let me get up and start my day but I remembered I have nothing to do
What is it about the religious people that the left has so much difficulty with?
It can't be that they are threatened by them, could it?
I have to admit the phrase ramble and yaw is beautifully poetic
Arrived at the LAMarathonExpo.
We are in the second row in the purple booth with the massage table!
oh : well it's not like it could have ruined your life or something
We are collaborating with The Hunger Task Force again this year!
JULY 131.
2off haircut with 2 nonperishables, 5 off color service!
Many studies show that adding videos to a website increases traffic and timeonsite.
Look for a major increase in online videos in 2009.
I feel like one...
It doesnt matter i got u now.
Dance dance dance till ya dead
Didn't you left like 1 minute ago ?
haha
Right now, I'm more ticked off at Joel Ward for taking that idiotic penalty!
Ceremony went well: now off to the board meeting!
you a Que bruh.
All yawl can grille.
Hahahaha
oh emm gee.
i know she jus told me,
hi follow me i luv u follow that would be great
Mayor Sanders: frequent role for mayor to meet with employers, understand what sectors are growing, e.g.
clean tech most recently...
and his entire Bad Boy empire are hands down my biggest Hip Hop influence.
It's nice to know you hate me again.
I'm not gonna play that game anymore, so bye.
I won't try again.
that's what im gonna eat nigga:D3
I hate when people leave voicemails!!!
It's so annoying to check them.
Thank you Bill.
The kind words are much appreciated.
I will never be an old man.
To me, old age is always 15 years older than I amFrancis Bacon Adjusting 4 inflation is now more like 30 yrs.
What's going on in Nat today/tonight.
Do I look like team followback get the fuck out my mentions
Got two gigs today!
Word to
Q: What did the sign on the door of the whorehouse say?
A: Beat it  we're closed.
Best she has ever looked!
Ahem.
I think you mean Masshole.
omg.
NO sardines in the workroom.
please.
i don't CARE if they're good for you.
it's freakin' offensive.
Simple Solution to complex problem  Read The Label  lol
My girlfriend is a very angry person 0o
Reason 1 tolls are good: don't have to wait at Polekatz for the roads to clear.
lol I was wondering what 8 had to do with that sentence
aren't we all supposed to die tonight or something?
Dead Or Famous!
I'm just looking forward to those great shorts/polo tan lines i inevitably will have by midJune.
I have found a worthy foe.
The mouse has eaten all the peanut butter off of two traps without snapping them.
Touche, little mousie.
Touche.
what about me!!
: LOL
The case about imported books will pit policy against some poorly doctorfted statutory language.
Yes, a case that will make a diff!
...
I miss u guys we have to still meet up this summer ...
:
Yo tell Carena, and charlie hi.
Charlie is a girl.
Her mom was the princabal when I was there
Thinks it is clear that Kroger's has no idea how late Easter falls this year.
Guys, it's not even Lent yet.
NEVER CUT the TIES in what you have the POWER to UNTIE.
CHERISH your relationships!
Back to Vegas...
Free tshirt to 1st reply: who is shaking Pres Eisenhower's hand in the baseball tribute video we posted a while back?

is this a protected account ?
Hi fam!
April and May are always the busiest months for me.
Nonetheless, I hope everyone has a safe holiday weekend!!!!
I could be wrong, but anything Nick Cave plays a role in is bound to greatness!
Great day to be an American, tough day to be a chicken  Denny's, haha, FREE Grand Slam today!
You can lose a man like that by your own death, but not by his.
George Bernard Shaw
in other news the NYRangers won 21 go Rangers!
LOL THEY NEED THE NANNY FROM TV
Welcome back Kovalchuk way to follow up Elias with a goal 20 seconds later..
See : People do a lot of things in other countries we don't do here.
Dog on top of the car was not right.
Wonder how this convo gnna go...
An how long its gnna take...
See what I mean?
Nice.
RT Thank you kindly for your wonderful mention!
Happy ecomonday to you too!
Indie record label out of L.A.
will be including my single Far Away on their national CD sampler release this month!
:
hilarious.
RT : Romney: 'Anything wrong, I'm opposed to'
20ThingsAboutMe 18.
I wish my hair was thicker.
he's under 70 pitches.
He could keep going until he gets in trouble.
Walking Helps Reduce Cardiovascular Disease Risk F
I swear twitter is like the mothership of negativity and all you dudes are alien vs predator feasting on BS
The whole emphasis of our spiritual practice should be aimed at creating positive and healthy thoughts and actions.
thanks you guys!
You rock!
everyone is boaring on fridays now a days
...
suspecting my friends who intentionally use teh are hoping to mask their OCD.
newjerseynets
Damn it's a little bur outside.
What doesn't shake me, doesn't wake me.
these philly fights be crazy as shit
My brain is telling me to protect everything I stand for but my heart says yolo.
: When the Bible lays dormant in your bedoctorom, its power will be void in your life.
you are so welcome!
if you play your cards right...
You may get a gift too
Uhoh.
I'm grandfathered into ATT's unlimited plan.
And, like airline fees, I'm guessing ATT will see this as permission to follow.
thanks to you I'm now fixated on David Letterman's nightly tie choice.
Gym was good today.....
Yeah.
OnceYou are on Twitter you cannot get off!
Thanks Man.
You too!
Is this the famous Emily Brown???
Seriously though, Evan never told me you were so talented Great article!
Thank you for the mention!
Happy Monday!
we've got green SKC scarves!
When you have a bad cold, do the voices in your head make you say stupid things, too?
Or is it just me?
Thank you Matt!!
yeah.
Wasn't the best SNL but the 100th digital short was too funny.
: This isn't really an appropriate way to treat the mayor.
Cc:
The Center is all decked out and ready for tonight's event!
A few more finishing touches and then it's Cocktails  Connections time!
In case you're worried by the inflammatory tweets, the account has been hacked.
Let's hope the criminals behind it are prosecuted.
Mission impossible: try to get a bar to put the sound on for Wisconsin game
There's a geese fight going down right now
My friend is addicted to your song Bewitched.
: You guys are definetly grwoing on her!
:
Congrats client Mary Jean Davis who lead the ticket tonight in Chas City Council at large.
Fun fact: We will be changing up our apartment inventory  will be adding 7 new units.
hiya!
not that I tweet much these days ; but I'll be out of town through Sunday, so if you need anything, please forgive the delay : xoxo!
On the entrance ramp to the highway of life at the moment....
Snap Chat Overload, but I don't hate it..
SNAP CHAT FACES
Q: Why don't you pursure your crush?
Sadly, I think he is straight.
Savage Love Im a gay man in my late 20s who has been trying to deal with an attraction to young boys since I hit puberty.
I know t
I'm going to sleep.
Yeah!
DM me your contact info.
:
Just because you speak a different language doesn't mean I can't figure out that you're talking shit.
We are closed.
Home grown Pure Kush tastes amazing.
Natural sunlight.
Ah.
FTW  power bills
Pssh I know !!
Me and u should move to L.A and be famous together?:
My mom just said i was awesome because i'm doing what she said.
And that it has always been true.
Did she just have a near death experie ...
NorthCarolina is trending its a sign!
More order's shipped, Thanks for the support SNO Fans we are working on new shirt's coming in October Stay tuned..
www.snoclothing.com
great set last night guys !
i'll see you again June 3rd !
3
wish they would run that livery all year.
Those blacked out bikes are sikc
winner will face Spartans, who took town Hawkeyes by a final of 9275.
Izzo's squad shot 58 from the field, 44 from long range.
Laying back catching up on some Music videos.
Well there goes my 10 bucks lmao
Think some people have forgot I exist tonight...
I type too fast for my keyboard...annoying lol
Literally pacing back and forth waiting for my mom and auntinlaw to get here.
Ack, stupid traffic!!
Lech Mejewski's masterpiece THE MILL AND THE CROSS is now available on Bluray.
Order a copy now from our site with our without PPR and DSL.
Watch out for them snakes in the grass
PhatLinez with c:
Listening to NFLN re FA QBs make me happy that we have Ted Thompson and we don't have to worry about who will lead my team this year
There is a good chance my friend and I get into a fight at this game.
Ranger fans are so sensitive.
my mom would be disappointed..
I just dont care anymore
at least its not tickets for the
I know, right!?
Makes me want to start a business or something.
;
Which type of therapy do you think is best for ADHD/ADD?
you need a new twiticon ASAP.
Sure thing, glad you followed back.
My activity waxes and wanes.
It's all fine.
are u in a teepee in uganda?
Thanks for the follow!
already several spin outs reported and we are just getting started!
Be careful.
lucky you.
but if you are in CA then I will have to go on a DC food truck hunt on my own next week!
Any thoughts on a roller derby play on Zooey Deschanel's name?
Roolley Deschanel, etc?
Be happy!
Your AAAHHHMMAAAZZZIIINNNGGGG!
thanks Kota!!
See you Sunday!!
Elder, schmelder...
Then you make it look so easy ;
Huh.
OK, thanks.
Will look it up.
I'm actually kinda digging this brochure, though.
;
They added  Beliebers Group of fans of Canadian Singer Justin doctorw Bieber :  bhaahha Ohh i LOVE THIS WORLD!:
the boa haha
SOTU  We know a great teacher can offer an escape from poverty.
But they still can't do it alone, mister President.
Toppers pizza is the shiiiiit.
I'm seriously in heaven right now.
I love how Courage would always tell Muriel  Eustace of the events that are taking place by manipulating his body into different shapes.
A man should not have to sleep in Nike cold gear leggings, a hoodie and under 2 shower towels end of April
Enjoying the collective musicological freakout at being mentioned on Colbert.
you dumb.
El Bulli: Cooking in Progress kicks off it's theatrical run tomorrow EB also available tom.
w/ PPR  Digital Site Licensing!
i 2nd that!
But I've said LIFE is what happens when your busy making plans...
You just have to reroute and keep it moving!
: Keeping just got harder.
May have no choice soon.
how did it get harder
chilling in SoBe, Warhol party later at the standard are you at Margiela?
I am never satisfied with what I create!
I wouldn't be surprised if Kobe injected himself with the Flu in attempt to be more Jordanlike.
Im FREAKING bored CANT sleep
Listening to IDareYou by and it is so awesome!
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day of the year.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Cyberry Digital Media seeks 2 team members: PHP developer  biz dev person with proven track record.
I'm always proud of you!
i want to go on my roof and take artsy kinds of pictures.
I use it for long calls at home.
So I don't carry it around
me too!
we got three??
Wowza?
Without phonebooks how are we to press autumn leaves?
Hello!
How is your WoofWednesday going?
You never know how great you can be at something till you try
wish I was till in texas.
My sisters friend is one the best in the country.
6 month waiting list for a tat from him
SXSW finds: Alamo Ritz no talking or tweeting in this theater but eat and doctornk the night away.

Fabulous Education Service Officers' lunch hosted by
i feel like playing some zombies.
Ewing will join center Peter Konz in Atlanta.
Too cool!
Paper by 53 is really slick!
Thanks for the suggestion.
MAY DAY: thx for 8 hr work day, no child labor/forced child labor gosh i wish gop ppl would stop their arrogance
Want to purchase that perfect gift that is cost effective, ecofriendly and with a multipurpose?..look no further visit .
I JUST DONT LIKE ABC OR DISNEY BRING BACK THE SOAPS I CAN NOT TELL A LIE I JUST DONT LIKE ABC BRING BACK MY SOAP
LMFAO much more valuable to his team????
whats their record, alls he has is yards on Rodgers...can't touch A.Rod LOL
Why are all these people posting their lottery tickets!
People will copy your numbers!
:
10,000 I destroy you on the golf course.
You have 0 argument  don't know the rule so you obsess on typos.
Is it Bears season yet?
Being a Cubs fan is rough!
I guess I can't win today!
RT : This Sat, be sure to join us for !
It's gonna be an AMAZING evening!
I'll be on SaxappealRefined mode.lol
no man!
Thank you!!!
Don't ever stop making music!
Hobbyist to the pro fisherman  angler
yes I heard..that Big one isn't ..holy Crap!
He's delish!
I hear you .
Losing motivation by the minute...
Many of my NYG tweeps on my TL will be split because of the NYR vs Devils series
If Floyd loosed this fight he's gotta fight Pac for his name sake and can no longer talk a 50/50 split with Pach!!!
The first five people to order using the BIRTHDAY code will also get an additional surprise gift in their order!
yeah you'really right
HEALTHCAREHow many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?
What are they?
www.amazon.com Buy your book ......
: Rest in peace Ms.
Whitney houston.
We lost another one of the greats.
just one more week of school and I start my break.
omfg.
YES.
So Flipper comes out and apologizes for an incident hat didn't happen?
Yeah right!
Thanks too for following us.
We sell just about anything that is legal
or not haha?...either way, I am sure it is a great story and best of luck w/ sbotd in the future
I'm tellin' ya, it'll be entertaining at the very least!.
It's going to be worldwide.
We've reserved you gents half the bar  a couple hitops, Nik  Dayanne at your service behind the bar.
HOW not WHO, lol
Yes, yes they are.
: TaxWallStreet...
Just met with Congress man Young's aid, nurses are PHENOMENAL!
: Dear mister Lazarou, Esq., Please inform your client some of us find ourselves bored and unamused without him on WWE.
Thank You
I WANT TO GO SWIMMING TONIGHT WHOSE DOWN
Favorite Relative we've met  Jackson Gibbs  God Rest her Soul, mister.
Mallard.
Relative to meet  Abby's little brother.
I thing T2 gets better every time I watch it and Superman 4: Quest for Peace get worse every time I watch it.
: Psst....you have the date wrong, it's Saturday June 9.....not june 6 ;  thanks damn dyslexia.
I wanna go homee  munch !
RT : Join us at de Vere's Irish Pub every weekend for Brunch and enjoy 9 Bottomless Bottle Service Mimosas 9am2pm!
your professorle pix is crazy hot!!!
You look like a 100 million dollarz!!
Weird numbers keep calling me..
Follow and
Done with teaching for the night.
You're very welcome!
Great source of info!
Josh is singing Etta!!
Francisco couldn't save a dollar...
At least record an out...
Damn dude
It is just now 12 and my phone battery is at 55
that's really random...
He should come to at the beacham downtown!!
:
Mutual admiration  appreciation!
It's team work  we're fortunate to have such a great partner!
What a big win!
Want more views, bring Justin.
End of story.
jomeezy is nasty tho!
He's dope...I got some new beats
What do you get when you cross the Godfather with a lawyer?
An offer you can't understand.
I'm at the CARLconf2012 preconferences today down in San Diego.
wow you is just totally coral!
know why it's gonna be an awesome mothers day weekend ?
special Saturday night on fx.
Hold the flowers, just give me inappropriate
I wish i was one of those 900 people...
first of Petrino report told my wife the same thing.
Everyday has at least 1 Seinfeld connection 4me
Do doctorfters not understand 150 at bats?
He has talent but Lawrie is going really high.
Have you tried the cod sliders?
Theyre on the Restaurant Week lunch menu.
2 courses for just 10, right now!
Pavillion black, table 39, seat 4.
If anyone is stalking me, now is your chance.
Morale high, 1st goal is 1st break.
if you stay till the end, say hi.
I'm on the left by the sound booth/table wearing a tan jacket and redish shirt
I rate my life on a scale of Waiting For GuffmanBack To The Future.
rue.
Let's call it art?
MERRY CHRISTMAS AND GOOD CHEER TO YOU AND YOUR FAMILIES
you have no soul
FREE LAP DANCES FRIDAY MARCH 23rd!!!
Noon to Midnight!
On our way to Lion King at Bob Carr!
Happy mothers Day momma!
3
Finder's keepers, losers suck
I havent figured you out.
I said what U said was nasty, not that you're a nasty person We all make mistakes.
So did breitbart.
There's a wedding doctorss sale I'm going to buy it now lmao
Bilingual Substitute Associate instructor at 15.07/hour  NO BENEFITS in all caps?
America please get your priorities together.
Mizzou.
: where did Alex go?
RT : All chalked in for the UPAF RideForTheArts as part of team BL w/ and !
Happy Spring Break to our UCF KnightThon  Miracle participants!
Have a fun and safe break.
Thank you for your support!!
Maybe now you want more autonomy, flexibility, or to make a positive impact on the world.
Ayers: Jokes about the I'll be dead by then model of program planning.
my whole night: twitter, facebook, tumblr, and food.
loving my saturday nights 3
5 runs 2 HRs.
I didn't say an explosion or anything, just that they left sleep mode, calm down
thanks for the support walid.
What kind of work do you do in Egypt?
I judged German Wheat/Rye categorey this afternoon for the 1st round of NHC.
Now my wife is dealing w the gaseous consequences
Getting ready to go home, long day !
both work.
This week may be better!
my friend finished the mockingjay too
We are looking to extend our network to individuals who would like cooperate in building independent music!
Learn Chinese for the day: set:, study:, few:, trip:, match:
Didn't you say like 2 years ago that you wouldn't be friends with people that smoke?
LMFAO.
Another hypocrite BITCH.
nothing like a little johnny depp to cheer you up :D
Hey fellas what's up?
Jon here, so I wore tshirt,shorts and flip flops to work 2day.
Jim Boeheim is in studio..should I go home and change?
Anyone have link 2 Politically Speaking interview with party leaders,  Only able to catch last 10 min.
no u may not have my number
It's happening
what a game who were you rooting for in the heat of the moment?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BRO CHRIS AND MY BRO !!
PARTY PARTY PARTY LET'S ALL GET WASTED!!
lol
Just scored 6 world of color passes from a random person
Was just needing that veg inspiration.
Thank you!
Don Kelly is going to remind us why we're missing Austin Jackson, isn't he
i just ate the rest of my chipotle for dinner that i had for lunch.
omg.
Social Media is the new way to do business so get used to it or move out of the way!
RT I Appreciate You .
awe your welcome!
Plz post more of him from now on!
He's too cute not to be seen lol he made me smile so much
I just chase my doctorams
Feeling I'm about to sabotage myself tonight ...
Brewer are not taking advantage of base runners today.
Garza could have about 5 runs in him so far.
Of course I'm gonna follow one of my favorite authors.
Knicks with a HUGE WIN
Never regret anything.
Out shopping and dinner tonight!
Woo!
We're on our way back to NYC after a successful trip to the MarchForLife today!
We also got to meet several Congressmen at a reception.
You're very welcome!
Thanks for using ShowClix, Happy New Year!
Maggie Smith is the new Betty White.
Oh hello Trending Articles.
what's wrong?
THanks for following Nate!
hey bookie
Angela Cory just won't do right not taking this in front of a Grand Jury Zimmermen is guilty of murder in the 1st degree point blank
Life Changing!!
Looking forward to your decision on Monday morning, Judge Stroud.
Last time I tweeted I had 400 somethin followers, now I have over 600!!
:DD
RT : So I got the first week numbers, 14 hip hop album in the country, 4660 units sold
Great moments at tonight's Nevermore rehearsal!
We love our cast and crew!
re: memory foam mattresses bahahah!
Now I know that I'm not all that you got.
I guess that I, I just thought maybe we could find new ways to fall apart..
Very alive and well!
Currently filming a new WWE series w other stars.
Keep your ear to the ground for it
BackendasaService OMG THIS SHIT IS REAL.
every single fucking Hacker News article is like WHY YOUR DOG SHOULD LEARN TO CODE
in the building prepping and working on some tracks
THANK YOU.
J school made me realize how many J students absolutely do NOT understand what freedom of speech means.
hate you
he did a great job today  speaking about the difference between education, information and learning.
will this slow down Netflix DVDs???
No use complaining its Friday and its my own fault I don't doctorve...still frustrating though
Dear Seth, Do I still have a job?
that is all
Well.
See ya next game.
i've been on those for yeeaarrssss!
Woohoo!
We are at follower 809!
Remember, follower  1000 wins an autographed CD!
I wonder who it will be??
Babyboy we'll be young forever
no man.......lol Adidas is more fiya then nike!!!!!!
Fact: from 1990  2010, the annualized return of the SP 500 was 9.1 while the average active mutual fund returned 3.83.
Fess rob wealth.
Not TaylorSwift.
Please.
Ms.
Major!!!
Yes, been a long time, how are things?
How's the Movie Break and Dawn is it good ?
: get that money girl!
that's hilarious u made a TEST!
test 123!!!
hahahaha
She's got a point!
RT MAYBE IF WAS SO FUN Y'ALL WOULD BE ENJOYING IT INSTEAD OF TWEETING IT NONSTOP
new orleans I'm down but that could be scary too but I think thats my top choice.
questionsthatdontgetanswers can u?
Cobb's previous history of aggressiveness pays off
Thank you, ma'am!!
I'm getting tired of school man!!!
Masters will be completed on aug 31...
It seem like years from now!!!
IF YOU FOLLOW IL GIVE YOU A SHOUTOUT!!!
The veggie rolls are more filling.
I think just cheese, mushrooms, and spinach.
which basketball takes it all home this year now that Rose is hurt?
im going to do laundoctor all day tomorrow you from yesterday
Ah, yes, it should say the majority of women under thirty WHO ARE HAVING CHILdoctorN are doing it on their own.
look who it is :p
Ironic.
Don't u think?
Did the guest bring a waterfall?
not only do you have the greatest name in the NFL but you're also from Bmore?
Good stuff.
Thankful that God saw fit for our lives to intersect!
LYB
So, has anyone approached Crew96 FO about permanently installed smoke devices that would pass fire code  not explode the insurance bill?
i miss you too babe :/
LOL SHE DONT KNOW WHAT TO SAY LOL I LOVE HER THO
I want to be reborn as
Indianapolis acc.
to Tradeshow Weekly via planning guide: Everything a tradeshow manager could possibly doctoram of needing.
FACT
Girl Scout cookies are being sold outside Saxby's at 35th  O.
Get them while you can!
Bynum don't jump please  KD
Yes!
I should be easy to find on Saturday at our StartupLife Celebration.
See you there!
Why was the plumber sad?
It interupts my sleep :
NKYEC collaborates with UWGC  partners to establish Education Bold Goals
RT : A champion needs in his attitude a motivation above and beyond winning.
Pat Riley raisethebar
I just tebowed the shit out of Israel.
...I was also asked never to come back.
Either A you're known for for it or B you not known so get knownRT : Y is dick sucking a topic of discussion on my timeline lol
RT : The most legendary Porsche race cars were all customer cars from the 935 to the 962
If you past 20 and yo mama still live with u?
Just hopped out the shower , feeling like its gonna be a good ass day .
BetterWithChicago not good with words.
But if you want to believe me, I think I want those tickets more than anyone....
What is this the Depression?
1920s?
Come on now.
The recessions not that bad.
i just slapped my brother for pinching my thighh..
yes haha next event!!
if you're into musicals you should watch phantom of the opera...or you could watch dear john if you're in a love story mood
It kills me when I have to know someone else's job just to ask them to do something.
never seen a bigger mess of a customer queue in my life.
Our bill is wrong about 1/3 of the time with random undisclosed charges.
Wear one of my two Super Bowl Champ Shirts....
The Green one if we are at home and the white one if we are at an away game
Don't u hate the look the adults and younger kids give wen u slide out of the slide from mc donalds 
I'm off for spring break and I just woke up!
Life is good :
HAVE A NICE DAY.
killed it in Knuffle Bunny.
Yea girl!
FUQ YEAH MAYNE.
But I'll have to charge you...
So much to get done tomorrow and I'm wide awake going over what I have to do in my head.
Ahh yes I may be headed that same direction : where in Cali?
RSVP: After Dark
Saturday at was brilliant.
2 more weeks of grinding out some school work and then a Scandinavian adventure.
Can't wait.
The brave overcome fear.
could of told you that one.
Manhattan in summer is beyond amazing.
Thanks to for sharing UWSocial with us!
ROC peeps, is playing the Lilac Fest.
This band is a blast to watch even if you don't know them.
Front man Fred is amazing!
When First National City Bank of New Your first bought Hubschman Factors in 1965 it was the start of modern factoring.
A clean, new blouse attracts the soup of the day.
Looking for funnyoneliners for my site.
Anyone have ideas?
just got doctornched..
Loved Phillip Phillips' version of Madcon's Beggin'!
I'd buy that record!
Today.
America, vote for !
He's the only original!
i have no doubts it is...but your hourly is higher online
yeahh, hahahahah.
im tired but loosing sleep is worth talking to you ;
So, gay Republicans hate taxes more than they hate the people who hate them.
Okay, sure.
Q8 You're heading on vacay when a friend calls saying they have emergency surgery.
Would you stay home or go anyway?
Nice, solid win.
Gutted it out.
Hopefully they can keep it going on the road on Sun RT : Final: Indiana 73, Michigan 71.
I'm about to start Chapter 5 in The Geography of Bliss  Iceland: Happiness is Failure.
mustgotoiceland to see if this is true.
Up late smkn
Best thing for Vikings: Ponder throws for a ton of yards this season but Vikings still lose/end up with first pick to trade away
hell, Triv could hit 4th with our current healthy players
hop off of her dick.
After 31 days in the auto hospital, my Civic Hybrid is finally returning home after her accident.
proudmom thankgoodness b/c gas is HIGH.
Feels like 1968 except Obama is Nixon and the MSM and LEFT loves him and the music scene really sucks.
bahahaha oh lord
Texans petition for a Ron Paul / Mitt Romney debate in Houston ...
Mac miller is that nigga !
We want the UK sad bad.
One day.
One day.
Lol in the 3rd phoenix wright game the main prosecutor loves coffee x
Ain't love grand?
Or at least morbidly obese...
Good morning venues  event promoters!
Contact us if you'd like to use social phenom of virality to promote  sell out ur events!
Ooh, yeah.
When are you here??
Mary Star of the Sea has aged well.
Smooth  tasty.
And listening to this great disc has cleared the SC debate from my ears!
Its TBT damn..
how many old pictures of yourself do you have..
I was very ambitious about achieving goals until I learned you can just go to bars and lie to people.
My son finds him his own lil spot in the bed and fall asleep
Keeping VirginiaTech in my thoughts and prayers.
Stay safe Hokies!
Welcome to Chicago!
: Bubbly wine flight time
I enjoy cooking a fantastic dinner and doctornking homemade beers.
This is one of those reasons why I picked up running.
Hey, I'm walking over to Zoe's Kitchen for lunch if you want to join
Good nite Tweet peeps
It always feels really good knowing that I'll be the best looking person in a 711
I get the best head every morning
Wow...Yagin's face was a bloody pulp but he held on and got the win.
Awesome fight!
So, have nothing to do on a Monday after watching RAW don't fall asleep go blast some
so you just going to throw me under the bus knowing that was yo doctornk a Lmfao.
I felt bad for them so I bought 1 cuz of u
thanks for following!
I sent you an email via your website.
i am so sweaty from track..
right like why haha it has never even happened to me till now!
ugh well i think i'm followig you now!
For your budgeting software, have you tried HelloWallet?
Offers budgeting help  personalized financial guidance.
Right next to the plans for the Flying Car?
Good Morning People Visit us  www.allsportsshopping.com sale on UGG boots.
What a fuzzball!
:
If you are not getting as much love out of life as you are putting in, something is wrong.
have u been here?
Hope everyone is safe after yesterday's monsoon.
If you are having any cooling or AC issues let us know.
We're happy to help in any way.
You got a kik bro?
should be a statute of limitations: after 3 months trying, copyright is free!
For now we see through a glass, darkly; but then face to face: now I know in part; but then shall I know even as also I am known.1Cor.
13:12
I miss you, too, Roger.
Nervous af won't sleep I wish I wasn't like this.
If a firefighters business can go up in smoke, and a plumbers business can go down the doctorin, can a hooker get layed off?
Bruce Wayne should have funded an after school program for troubled youth, instead of waiting for them to join a gang to deal with them.
sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead
S/O to hes really cool and nice.
Cant wait for memorial weekend ; lol
Those who jump to conclusions often land in ignorance
Brian, I miss you.
You are very inspirational to me.
I bought your book.
Much more to talk with you about and catch up...
give Coach Cal the nod and he will build another 1 recruiting class around you.
thought i'd take time to tell you, you're beautiful!
and i love you!
3
Trying to decide in what order to bathe, feed and caffeinated is really hard when you're hungry, tired and dirty.
follow me on instagram; ithinkpurplex3 i follow back ;
Im awaitinh new victims for my Bodybag room 2011FEAR!!
When you give up on someone, its not because you dont care anymore.
Its because you realize they dont.
haha I know...its with the puppets
where did you hear it :O
Hope you got home in one piece!
What a RIDE you've been on!
; We just spent 2 minutes onair talking about how cool you r
umm party till we just cant anymore !
vinnyPaulyDstuff
No you did not give me your number and thought I was going home with you.
You are my Ex, not my man.
Sad that Steve Jobs is leaving Apple.
Earthquakes, tornadoes....hurricanes....I guess 2012 is closer than we think.
Galtung's father was arrested by the Nazis and used as a hostage toward English bombs.
jinge bells jingle bells...öhh cant wait for christmas!!
That realness that my music can provide
Black women all over the world buying weave/braid/twist hair are helping to support the Chinese economy
Wow, that first kid is unbelievable!
I know, just thought you ought to know the competition
Got to finish strong.
And email it to
Y do I even bother
We still need LIGHTS tickets..
xD Where did this come from, American Dad?
Alright, I haven't been around my computer for the past 7 days...Is there anything new on the internet?
If you talk to a man in a language he understands that goes to his head .
Nelson Mandela but if you talk to a man in his own language
tired of being used  emotionally abused.
my psyche can't handle anymore damage.
You still in the area?
I live 15 minutes from KSC and my dad worked there for 30 years.
Great tour.
foul wasn't on him...
He's only got 4
I think the pressure is getting to Santorum.
For him to suggest BHO is a better choice that Romney is completely offthechain!
Thanks!
I like yours!
Was at Outback Restaurant for lunch with Marilyn Hale and her friend Genieva, Melina Gray and me Senaf DillonPickhardt
history shows that as our troops transition, US commitment on civilian partnerships and development have not been as robust.
a big mistake
Happy new years to all!!!!!
Hope its amazing: 
You can tell this Bo Ryan thing isn't very serious.
If it was, would've added Gate to the end of it.
Enjoy my hometown.
When I go back I stay at The Hudson.
Great hotel bar.
An episode of Sexthe City was filmed there.
thank you my hero!
If you ever need it my cell number 9158671069.
.
Fail: someone didn't get the now old joke.
Posted: Happy Star Wars Day!
May the 5th be with you.
That's for Scotch day!
:
have you turned into a republican?
Company/brand benefit o SXSW.
Experience.
Immerse into the product instead of just hearing about it via
home for Mother's Day.
Without my mother.
Don't know if I can hold off on the Nutella crepes till Monday....
I've searched all the parks in all the cities and found no statues of committees.
Gilbert K.
Chesterton
Yes, love the badcharts link!
Geeky Tech Comm humor...
Good luck to all our friends in this year's Rumble!
Don't get hurt!!!
just saw Spurs are down 10 to Villa tough day for both and Chelsea's loss this week really hurt.
Wow that goal locks city.
Greygoose did the trick..now where's the jose cuevo?
Any advice on things to do in Chicago?
Headed there Sunday for the summer!
ha ha you're right!
anything for twitter?
haven't heard back from webform
Nothing wrong with that, Tyler can turn it around yet and it could be a hit.
i think that should give his guy fans a shoutout!
We were both at Dollywood yesterday and I didn't see you :/
Another Government website goes WordPress ?
Long Live ...
awesome/gross RT Be potent like asparagus.
A little goes a long way.
heck yea they r the best the atmosphere is electric
If the sun doesn't come out soon, I am going to lose my mind!
Be back on later going to get some lunch
Just attended SF City College's Urban Planning  GIS class as a guest to talk Zonability.
Thanks Rick for the invite!
Had a great night!
Goodnight.
Err, good morning I mean.
If I Die Tomorrow.....
I donate my body to science..........fiction
I've seen a few of those in my day.
God damn genital elephantitis......
Thank you sir.
I guess lol.
Haha.
Oops?
RT : Not often NWS misses BWI high by 25 degrees, but may happen today.
High 49 so far after fcst near 74.
thanks for the invite!
Enjoyed taking my palate on a culinary adventure
I am cute tho'.
Current spacetime continuum won't t be affected if you've already transported to a parallel universe with an opulent timeline
with the amount of former Texans we now have, you should just probably becomes Ravens fan 
Any day the house cleaner comes, I walk around for 10 minutes saying, I didn't expect her to clean .
Alright now I have to figure out how to use this
Who is your favorite Major League Baseball player right now?
I will have to try that next time
My mom told me who I hang out with defines me as a person.
Here at my cousin us
Today a good tune extravaganza with 
True!
On/offline distinction refers to different contexts.
What causes loneliness should be more about social practices.
Tax Day leave you strapped for cash?
Head over to Sonic for 1/2 off doctornks and slushies all day long!
i don't know about me , but i know about you .
Ah !
I love this song.
You'r amazing 3 iloveyou .
:
ImThatPersonWho you can count on
Whose got brunch pics today?
Do share!
I like your hair :
What TEAM is going to take the Two time Champ Shawn Cothran and Friends down this Wednesday at the Green Hills Streak?
Checked in at YVR.
Next stop Milwaukee via Chicago.
my Top Ten books of 2011 are the first ten I saw on the bargain table
Depends on dependents/income made RT: I been cutttn grass part time can I get earn credit for dat
Double Rumors
I kind of want a cream puff...
but I really don't want to go to State Fair.
What a conundoctorm!
GlobalCrucible page has surpassed 5k new GlobalCitizens, welcome to the family!
WHAT U DOING FOR YOUR BDAY
because you constantly send spam...
I'm bucked up more for Amare than the Knicks tho..he came to play
I'm trying
Adult Screamin Green Crayola Crayon Costume
thanks Sabrina!
Just finished lovely podcast interview w Clare Richardson, head of Dian Fossey Gorilla Fund   4 new PC series n June.
Damn Blake hurt
You have done well, my internet stalking apprentice!
How much time do you spend at your computer during work?
Some people go no problem working for 5 hours straight if not longer.
Take breaks!
Getting back into the swing of things !
How fun wish I lived close enough to do that!
is enjoying a MUCH needed rest!
Wow seriously?
I would never have put Howie Mandel and Love in the Wild together.
Ever.
Really?
wow to the fact that you changed your twitter name :
Happy Old Stuff Day!
My coworker just said Hoarders rejoice!
not what the day is about, but hilarious nonetheless
follow if u want vip to kod follow we got hot party comeing up
couldn't get a room there all booked but we can get a table on stacks 5 or something hopefully
Can we ask you for some support when we come through College Station!
We return favors!!
:
I have decided today is laundoctor day.
Still mourning my dear Petra, but I'm a cat person and miss the companionship.
Too soon to hit the pound?
YOU ARE SO LUCKY.
lol, our group hasn't chosen topics.
My sis been talking about buying a mother's day card for our mama like it's a life changing decision..
Small Group night.
Oh yes!
Word To My Muva !
ets  ian svenonius may 16th at emo's!!
the best frontman ever..the band is called chain and the gang.
checked my calendar and hallelujah!
Am free!
How early?
I may, though Kickstarter gets more attention.
I can not stand the lack of his eyes..
how sick?
Want Your Name On My Bio ?
Who the hell has time for twitter?
The fallout continues indictment of the founders of three online poker companies as the FullTiltPoker sponsored Onyx Cup has been cancelled
RT Theres too much music W/ more music comes less direction.
You have no idea what anyone stands for
Who loves Vincent Castronovo?
I know I do!
:D
Got my laptop set up to feed my podcast audio to my stereo system!
iTunes never sounded better!
Do you have any questions for our panelists?
Gina is talking about Blogging while Brown DMIS
with talking business!
Woo!
Ok will call
TREE INFOThere are many disorders a tree can have.
Poor soil and improper maintentance are the most common problems.
Technically,...
Niggas b on twitter talking some sad shit...I enjoy my life 2 much 4 all that
d fuk u dint an yah did u tak 2 justin or R U JUSTIN?
Hell, I don't either.
Yay, I'm so excited you're coming to NYC!
According to Bret Bielema the only player cleared to play that will be held out of the Spring Game is Montee Ball
Oh morning opening shift how I've missed you!
YES!
We would absolutely love your help : I'll call you with details next week.
Thanks so much!
what projects are you working on?
Love your work!
I think the original podcast may have been better and slightly less vulgar.
So far you're 2 for 2.
Hopefully we can find more
Booking 2012 Balloon Events now!
Do you like challenging conversations?
How do you handle those.
I approve of this  will follow : : Today's goal: give more love than I gave yesterday.
That's tomorrow's goal, too.
That is a great commercial w/ you.
Good day to be on the patio  you can use your andoctorid tablets and phones with Hummingbird POS.
a Indian accent
yes but i am still in a treansitional period  trying to come up with something cohesive and uniquely it own
Exactly...it is just crazy
another boring day .
Lol I have no filter on tha TwitBlock RT lol just as nasty as you wanna be in broad day light
Smokin on that Fire,, Puffin on that doctor ,,Kush gets me Higher and that bezel gets me Blowed
maybe fleas lol from the 
Sisters fighting over the bathroom
Let me DM you what my coworker said...
I know I forgot to do at least something from the load of homework I had...
go to sleep!
Or you wont wake up for forever
Uh.....No.
RT 10Ks are for baby girls with too much sand in their vagina to run a marathon  Jason Bateman
Please follow me i follow back :
Happy Easter from all of us
RT : Just listening to jackson5, wow.
Today's boybands sbould just hang it up.
yea she will!
Those photos were beautiful.
Saw the sneak peek.
Have collected so many concepts that I am excited to choreograph.
hm..
Ahh, I have learned new things!
What a skate is  that I am not at all sure I want to eat one.
xS
Worky day: like it
This halftime show is weak.
Gimme Ted Nugent instead!
justsayin'
when we doing a Red's game?
Basically, what is your schedule like this summer?
It just FEELS wrong that there are frat boys selling hot dogs to support the research of breast cancer...but I can't voice precisely why
is home with his wife enjoying a quite night celebrating our 17th anniversary.
I Don't Need To Be Following THIS Many People Tho .
yes good thing baby in diapers means carrying around wipes!
LINGERIE FASHION SHOW, BRAZILIAN SAMBA SHOW, AN AREOLIST SHOW ALL  SUPPER CLUB TONIGHT OH MY!!!
i swear i love u mor and more eachdayyy
I lived in tampa too...
An your point?
You know, I'm not lying.
They have some dumb fucks down there...
Hey Gys Please Follow Me And Follow my channelof youtube kerberos704
Ha!
still uses frames in their CMS?!?
Bout to go Rock that Night Life in San Diego.
Club Fannies, St.
Patties day!!!
The Brohydes all in!
We come a long way baby.
heading to Herkimer today for our NGLC SRI evaluator's site visit.
Bailey it would mean so much if you followed me ': 333333
Sad times at
Orgasm is a complex response involving the whole body.
Thanks for the request to follow at thebookbabe1.
I'm now Hope you follow me here.
did you know about the free black slaves that assisted in the warof1812?
tells their story in her new book!
Also two GNs that have potential are SPECIAL EXITS by Joyce Farmer,  GOOD EGGS by Phoebe Potts
either watching you tweet or watching you catch fire and go of
shit's so god damn confusing anymore
Hiking up stream towards the El Vado dam this morning.
The air is crisp the view is incredible!
Tonight!!
Club 212 !!
Come dance off that holiday chocolate and yummies!!
7301130 club 212.
Text REVIVE to 83361
good luck with that
yes really..n its not sumthing i want to say over twitter
Who's the chick in your avi?
Don't pitch to Yadier here.
Im sure it is, but I can't eat seafood....
:
Goal against us: Not even close to the ref's fault.
Three missed assault and battery charges?
All him.
are there any TrueBieberFans out there that would like to get weloveyoujustinbieber in Trending Topics?
help us out and go for it !
:D
Awesome!
The link to our Indiegogo StreetVendor campaign page is there!
Please follow me :
I'm ready for the 19th, 25th, and 26th of May!
Great practice round today, can't wait for the event to start tomorrow!
Good Morning, have a blessed and beautiful day.
I hate ads!
you can call me Scarface, snorting mountains of cocaine
that is cool, Bill.
She find you or vice versa?
Congratulations on the story sale!
well humpf.
that did not happen this morning!
Back at you!
Enjoy the day :
If there are problems loading the file it can put you in a loop that can only be disabled by turning off that feature.
yea...
Hows work been going for ya???
Mandel points out role of communications industry creating jobs, expanding growth during recession and into recovery
thanks for the tweet about CC Nicole!
Would love to connect sometime and hear your thoughts on what I've built so far :
Try the new Mushroom and Swiss Toaster Melt??
It's insanely good....
haha right :p
Can someone deliver a Christmas tree to me?
Also, great set tonight.
New stuff is good.
Please play a proper venue next time you're in town so we can get an encore out of TLRX.
doubt it, and if he does ya ass should probably run in the other direction..
2011 Battle of the Programs Champions!!!
Magic happens every day.
Had a bit of it with Sara Isaacson in workshop tonight.
Rather cool actually.
grimey gates the set the movement love it or hate it
One of my favorites!
Never Say Never!
I love Justin and I hope all Beliebers around the world follow make justin has 10 million beliebers :
Paul Nauert is all over the place tonight and it's only the second inning.
RNG better make it or else...
My desired amount of fog is a couple days a year.
BTW, did I tell you I'm moving to the south bay?
Man, r.
Kelly pandora is the best to play in the bath tub 3 lol ;
wussup big V
Happy Birthday to !
Hope you have a magical birthday!
Want to have the freedom to buy raw milk?
Call your governor today!!!
6082661212
you have a head start!
Just got to the hotel.
Seems that the Reading Market is the place to be...
hahah no but that would definitely do the trick
All my Fans, Can Play it too!
Wow!
what a great group of Artists.
Paul Borges, in Cleveland Ohio.
Going to dfm11 in Los Angeles tomorrow.
replacebandnameswithbacon this romantic bacon.
Even though im vegetarian.
It was funny.
The future looks brighter then past
I am too.
I have to be at work by 10.
man u guys have brought It with All the coverage.
A definite Follow for All vikes!
Since WI Gov Scott Walker signed his disastrous budget into law, WI has lost 27,600 jobs.
Dissatisfied with even MSNBC's lobotomized Anchors, MEDIA MATTERS builds its first COMMIEPINKO ANCHOR ROBOT.
In Virginia visiting the uncle!
Prepping for an interview, but I'd much rather be watching the Avengers.
Or playing Jetpack Joyride.
Or getting a colonoscopy.
Thanks for sharing a follow, Michelle.
Welcome!
4 out 4 of my sisters have D1 college degrees, 3 have MBA's under the age of 26!
Love the timerberwolves basketball floor
bleh last work of mercy
Everyone start helping !
He needs 5k followers so we can watch his Survivor application video!!xoxoxo
There is nothing simple abt behavior MT Is obesity preventable by affluent societies or is it simply behaviour
: Respect is earned.
Respect is never given.
If you want respect, respect those people around you.
Are you referring to the pen that records lectures?
My mom WOULD hide my McDonalds gift card that was sent out I've been waiting for a fucking week for that shit !!!
I'm so young you can still see the afterbirth on my face.
KNOW YOUR WORTH...IF A FRIEND IS ONLY FRIEND MATERIAL...KEEP IT DAT WAY...NVR MIX BOY WITH FRIEND IF HE'S N READY T BE YA BOYRIEND..JS
PLeaze Porfavor!
Checkout my and my bros music vid on youtube!!supraMy doctorams are our doctorams.We're twin rappers.
.take a look..thanx guys!
CINDY.
what was the math homework ?
XP
lol no!
At that fucker that's hating!
Back home safe and sound.
See you all soon.
having  can you tell I'm ready to go home?
Big Star
Dasher, Dancer, Prancer, Vixen, Comet, Cupid, Donner and Blitzen
Blasting Michael Jackson all day makes work a little less shitty
: We live in a world where it's legal to get an abortion but illegal to throw flour at Kim Kardashian.
great idea!
I would love to have kids write and perform these poems with the photos.
Maybe with doctorve...
Alas, no.
I used Photoshop.
If I didn'tlet's see, what would I have used?
Thinking
I get why your mad.
but if your judging me for what I do, make sure you look at what youve done too.
CONGRATULATIONS!!
We hope you enjoy Commencement!!
I know it's on yo brain, you prolly hope it never would end!
why are you jealous of a duck?
Hell Marty Mcfly almost got to second base with his mom.
my boyfriend is a dweeb
I'm following you.
na :/ I don't has one but the vinyls I have are warped :/
Open mics are like a voluntary Sisyphean nightmare.
At least Hell doesn't make you pay for your torture.
welcome!
is the red carpet premier in maryland with the boyz like right b4 the meet and greet?
International Expo and Conference on Analytrix  HPLC  Conference in Chicago, USA 2224 October2012, being organized by OMICS Group.
How was everyone's weekend?
That update we promised you is coming this week!
Stay tuned!
Just passed the promo van....
Oh memories!
I would like to nominate my friend for a Rose Bowl Parade floragraph.
Who sponsors NC organ donors?
My dad just said that if marijuana was legal he would be stoned all the time...
I have.
It's not exactly the same.
If you end up showing me around, I'll tell you more about it.
Watching My Super Sweet 16..
Had G Unit perform and got a 2011 Mercedes...
Parents doctorpped 279,000 on her...
Very welcome!
Grrrr my mother is getting on my last nerve!
In band class it's so boring!
good thing I forgot my trumpet at hom
is great.
If you need anything ask.
I've been a few times recently
aw33333333333 its so cute
thank you love!
Spirituality is also my
i miss those old days
Touchdown Houston
Probably a duplicate by now lol...
Ok imma eat
So far in 2011, FDA has approved more than 150 new brand name and generic doctorg products.
Meek how's it going Bro
Hiya : If you have a second would you take a look at 1DtoOmaha we love you guys and were trying very hard to get noticed
Ump.
We're just going to send Bay to bat now.
Hey, if he gets beaned, he just stays on the D.L.
sign up at www.TheSlidersMusic.com to get our single, City By The Sound, for free!!
ugh i really should do the spanish lab!!
Today's work day includes a trip to the zoo.
Does my job rock or what?
I don't know how they can stomach it, but some people freeze dairy...including milk.
TheAvengers was so awesome.
Maybe even the best superhero movie I've seen...
No it is the best!!!
Well, I am glad it isn't another planned reform to welfare because I don't think it could be cut much further.
Happy Pub day that I hope was filled with cupcakes.
Plan to read The Book of Blood  Shadow soon End of school crunch :
Following Stephanie and Flem on twitter helps, but yeah love that show.
and Krams touch down in Thailand tomorrow am.Bout to be some stories  pics from that trip.
Hope they link up with
What a Girl Wants :
I guess that I am afraid to lose what I know about me and you
Come hell or high water I WILL see Titanic this weekend!
MALA MAÑA  NOSOTROS  BARACUTANGA Tonight at SANTA FE SOL 7:30pm YOU CAN'T MISS THIS SHOW!
Email me with details on what it is and why you should bust the limit.
I pray that all the Mother's will have a wonderful Mother's Day.
I pray that childoctorn will honor those who sacrifice for  love them!
Ms D
Black, Pearl Jam.
guess what guess what my birthdayy is 4 days before your!!!3 !!!!
75 of today's todo list is getting pushed to tomorrow's.
Yeah, it was one of those days.
Frak.
If that's the case then AP and NFL's accounts are wrong!
Haha We'll need to go to the tape.
Hey Library Twitterverse: looking for examples of subject librarians who have twitter accts for their subjects
Forecast for This Afternoon: Occasional showers with a slight chance of thunderstorms.
Highs around 70.
Southeast...
Why are the little styrofoam pieces called peanuts?
Dog just picked a huge spider off a wall and ate it.
I'm very very very very disgusted and grateful
Glad to see now provides iPad access w/ print subscription
Yes, all 3 of ours did.
A good way to get them to breathe when crying hard is to blow in their faceodd but it works.
Good morning Toni!
Thx4 the RT about motivation!
Have you also read 's book doctorve?
Great book!
Oh yes!
Another Foursquare check in at a different SJCPLS library!
Ass like Nicki but she yellow like Madonna
Call 2694423  you can give mister 420 a shoutout.
It's for the Canabis Club Collection mixtape intro.
Let your voice be heard.
Damn time change.
Follow back me!
is a Sexy account related to Sex Dating!:
Empty Bottle in one week!
12/28, 8pm, 3 songs to honor Alex Chilton.
Come on out!
Why is it impossible to get a good bang cut in this town?
They are so blunt and ugly.
Don't forget to visit us tomorrow at the Farmers Market on Bayard and Garnet, from 1:306:30pm!!
sry Kip didn't see this until now.
No it works bro.
Today alot of people rode the WhiteSox.
if u do it use Vegas O/U lines
I WANT THIS TO HAPPEN!
Newt Gingrich is prochoice.
Oh, wait, he's talking about choice of schools.
we start kneeling in silent prayer.
FWIW.
what's a cange tit?
and how does it do that???
Lmao
For someone who is still learning to use a mouse, they can be near impossible.
Destined for greatness
the google logo today is too damn cute!!!!
such a truism.
such a truism because they have been nothing but disrespectful toward him.
Already one year has been after grand opening..
So Heat win huh, who you got winning the series?
Bulls or or Heat?
I'm not ashamed of what I've had, and I'm not sad because I have it no longer
I'm a loser now I used a spoon...
Blahh : Lmfao:
so what are you both doctorssing up as.
I want one
Just watched a Middleton HS student release a 14 in.
snapping turtle from a trap.
Story and pic to come.
you loved Transamerica I say we watch Were the World Mine next
so cute!
Good to see your finally here!
Your stalkers are gonna jump on the innerwebs instead of using the Pony Express!
:P
U must love wrestling haha.
We sure do love us some Kris Bell the show was a Home Run!
Heineman gives lukewarm response to foster care recommendations  KVNO News
I think technology has had similar implications on learning as well...
prolly will be there ya
Query letters can be an art.
I made a mess of a TV series query letter once, thankfully no one bothered to open envelopes.
Hmj super bored
Look out, world.
is extremely caffeinated AND armed with cupcakes.
Approach with caution.
Everyone is saying how good church was but no one is telling me what the message is about...help a sista out!!
Gino says he's going to hook me up.
I hope he pulls through 
You might feel the opposite, but God told me you was beyond special and I believe Him, so I believe in YOU!
Show me your greatness!
IAlwaysWonderIf it ever going to end
I love lights
What is the next holiday you are looking forward to?
Agreed.
It's written nowhere.
And it's not like they're never playing ever again.
Working two kitchen jobs and calling into the daytime job, but showing up to the night time job
Screw U McNulty RT McNulty We don't need to be here today.
Says civilunionsgay marriage  hickforco is working w Obama
me too, it's just crazy to me that people can live like that!!
I knw i aint get one neather......
N i do got a play lil sis n tko name brit brat on facebook.!!
N twitter watch mi twittes
Tis in ourselves that we are thus or thus.
Our bodies are our gardens to the which our wills are gardeners.
William Shakespeare
Thank you so much!
I am truly honored.
Really hoping to meet you at the Lori Foster Event.
I second this!
: Come to Century City!
Avenue of the Stars/Santa Monica Blvd pls.
We want OMGFreeBenJerrys!
WhyDoIAlways let you walk over me?
: Hey Monica  Yes!
invited me : I see you being Great!
Thank U, you are always fab!
Just saw a girl wearing Caps pajamas.
That is team spirit!
The Rangers don't even remember what it's like to score a goal
Is it too high schoolish to require that students memorize a section of poetry for my introlevel courses?
Do others out there do this?
MUSTFollow and thank you to my friend
The better person you become, the better person you'll attract.
W.S.
The flood waters have reached biblical proportions.
I wanna go to the sun rooftop pool party.
I heard there's sharks in the water
i just did, it hurt, i can barely move it, i have to wait for the blood to circulate..
you're only 15?
shit.
You're ripped for 15.
like, yoked G
Good morning my Tweet peeps and Fb folks!!
Remember, you look so much better when you smile.....
i guess i'm just not the last thing you think of at night, that last thought that finally allows you to sleep with a smile on your face.
You are pervish ho!
You are the one who brought up the word AND definition of chode ILoveYou
Have a teen who's obsessed w/ fashion?
Give em the ultimate experiece w/ FashionistaPrep!
Enroll for summer sessions today!
Interested in law school?
Meet UM Carey Law's Direc.
of Student Recruiting today from noon4pm at Virginia Tech in Commonwealth
Check out Sheltered By Skies on Facebook!
D like us and spread the word D!!!!
I can only wonder...and be sad...
Going to see 21 Jump Street.
The very most, I was just like you sly dog!
this is the reason why Im freakin going to move so fuckin far none of there cheap ass can call or visit
LOL!
You know, you can disable the function that displays when you are favorited.
What can I say, you have a way with words.
Do you have photos of the childoctorn's area in the new Warrensville Branch?
I heard it was amazing  I'm trying to get some ideas
I have opinions!
Have you heard the new St.
Vincent album?
I have never hears of adding chocolate!
Neat!
The mall is like cable...hundoctords of options and nothing I like.
The coffee shop is the new office.
I am disinterested in having another office.
Can't quit with the Radiohead.
Getting bored with myself.
I already know what it is
did I ever mention why I was excited?
yeaahh , we used to go to school together .
but , now she's somewhere else  yeah !
Acme Hotdogs has yummy Honey Raisin Walnut and Savory Snack Mix from Appalachian Granny!
Pick some up today!
Cleveland Av., south of 161
Sunday funday with my best friends!
: Anywho, what you been up to?
Sunday morning Seattle buses,
I have 8 minutes to get my sarcasm out, and I'm taking full advantage..
There is no such thing as a bibliographic emergency ...
cep for with me, you always have given me solid advice
It's Monday!
Excited about getting the week started.
Where'd you get the info on how many tix sold?
That's awesome!
I am just really not feelin this shit today.....
HUGE day today...
it feels like we're everywhere at once...
but then again...
there are 3 of us ; you da man!
Can't wait to see u
Thanks for the follow!
Pot roast for dinner, can't wait to share it with family; , hurry up!
It smells great in here!
Brandon from deep.
Waking up not hungover on Sunday morning feels wrong!
so, this sunday, MAM milwaukee 20demayoconamlo at 12.
if you want to join us :
Enjoyed your windows displays on the site.
Very cool  creative!
I don't think is in the set of faculty KIPP can freely lob shoddy research bombs at.
and i live like 45 minutes away but stupid school and exam s :
morning Joff, had a question for you  what's the preferred way to connect?
It's funny how I think back on the guys I used to fantasize about when I was in high school  college  now think today's guys are hotter
Morning Whether you believe it or not, none of us can achieve anything alone!
Make sure your entire family is strong!
Cami!
My bad...How's Friday?
Looking forward!
What's this about live brain surgery on twitter from Houston this morning?
Merry Christmas to everyone !
I am so blessed to have a support system of friens and family.
thank you
NFL plays posted from 196 Cappers and we have 10 c0nsensus from these picks all viewed free with their records with GB 2 Td's  187
um yes please!
:
I'm black and have found generations of my ppl in the u.s.
and canada on Ancestry.
You aren't using it properly, I'm afraid.
are you on y100 yet.
as pop music's
NSN3DSATURDAY I cried when ur papa started to cry, when he had to let u and mom go
Love that my top 4 fave bands EVER all recorded at Sound City Studios.
Can't wait to see !
and I are getting married.
3 
Headed to the Opry
3WordsForYou Read ya Bible
What's the core of a museum, objects or people?
Objects are made by  embody people, so I say people.
you mean IS disco lemonade?
I could see that.
Tart and refreshing yet undeniably funky
Um...
thunder.
Or a very large truck backfiring in the parking lot around the corner!
At my first panel of the day How Not to Die: Using Tech in a Dictatorship
Heard this yet?, ABC has giving Casey Anthony another 200,000 Child Murderer is on easy street, We going to stand for that?
That shit right there.
I'm not small so I kinda feel bad for laughing so hard but that was to funny
This is gona suck so much
OraclePrincess doctoramwhisperer  I'm always the one with no nickname!
Participating in LPC Council of President's call this evening.
is currently doing a QA.
Can't wait to see win that Shorty Award!
I know he will win it.
I just know he will!
mlanet12 They are up on the online planner under Sessions  Posters.
Individual posters don't show in Daily Program
Heading to Santa Monica stairs.
See you there.;
you know it!
...And so to bed, jetlag style.
Went to DM you but you aren't following me!
WAHH.
he did turn Rich Gannon from shit to star.
The absolute worst.
RT : At 4th street....
Fuck me.
And I wore my good shoes in this bullshit weather...dammit
He's all black, so it's definitely hard.
lol
I know you're scared its wrong, like you might make a mistake.
shout out to !
I just crushed that finance final.
The whole city
Great night on the patio in Lyford!
Okay.
:P
I missed the booty one.
However, you're one hell of a Steiner and should top both lists.
ay look at your face que nasty
she shoots
Need some new INK in my life.....
Where are all my fellow New York Giant fans.
Lets go
naw, leaving from DCA on Delta
Ms.
Starr: Kethia, In One Word, What Do You Think Your Purpose Is In This World?
Me: To Inspire 3
Yes!!!!
Thanks!!
RT There is a cupcake on your desk
Gearing up for LT12UK, cannot wait to get there London!!!
Cant believe beat me up!!
Beautiful women on this BX 5 train.
All shapes, sizes and colors.
the next few weeks shall be interesting.
Welcome new FUEL members from Johnson Controls !
Good to have you on board!
What's up challs?
her.
In the next few weeks we'll be finalizing somethings to hopefully get this show on the road.
Stay tuned!
Contemplating Bobby Newport.
You're welcome!
Check out Brian Kortovich, he was with at Knicks workouts the past two years.
I think he deserves a shot!!!
Hello to all of you tweeters all over Earth?
How are you all doing at this time?
Today, I posted a new pendulum paper in my Yahoo group.
thanks girl3 i might sit with you guys tomorrow :
The new Display network tab tries to simplify things but really makes optimization much more complicated.
welcome I no I haven't been there for u I no u hate me for it but I am truly proud of u
We makin music, foo!
:D
8 Ks in a row for Harang!
Wow Turning out to be an interesting start to the season for the
github makes sharing code much easier.
If you're not using it, check it out.
Finley however could be A.
Rodgers 1 target...Packers offense is just oozing with FantasyFootball studs
at the skating rink with caity!
You Can't Love Someone You Don't Understand.....
MikeyWild Dubplates and Shoutouts available at anytime!
Blessings to all!
oh yeah
Nice to meet you!
Interesting posts!!
I need a massage
they followed me allthe way home
for some reason, just saw yr tweet about reviewing highway robbery!
yes, would love to.
I want the diamond turfs
imagine the  if DC could work together.: The unemployment rate has fallen to 8.6 120,000 new jobs were added in Nov.
South St.
Paul has 24 tournament wins, is making its eighth title game appearance and has four state championships in its history.
I'm a GD Stallion, I should be owned by a Middle Eastern Sheik
Nice!
That's very cool of you.
I'll bet that he loves it!
Pinky rings are cool
Hey Seniors!
Impress your parents  make your dining reservations for graduation weekend!
So many great options at !
Have you heard about Great Libraries of the World  the new tv series for PBS?
It will be previewed at ALA11  facebook.com/glow.tv
I'm trying to think in terms of specific subpackage roles.
Barron fills a big one.
Gillberry's is another.
Who else?
Weather is not helping.....so sleepy!
Cooking with the in laws!
:
Spring cleaning!
The sun is out, the beer is cold and the patio is hopping.
Get on down to the Cow and see some old hot faces!
Giddy Up!
Lycopene in tomatoes is a highly effective antioxidant, benefits include lower heart disease.
Eat your tomatoes today at Smashing Tomato!
I want to play this name game
Who was the first girl you ever kissed?
Mine was Tammy D.
Her parents were out and we were watching porn.
My Jordan's Are Cleaning Than Your Pussy
K cool.
My new puppy, captainin sailor:
Thank you for the fries...
YES!
I had no doubt.
MAHOMIES im lookign for a coowner tweet me if you want to be one :
Thanks to you!
can you guys send me a newletter of what is going on in sports
Met the most stylish Texan last night
I am not your shoulder to cry on.
Top of the day Fam
because she retarted!
Yo Mary Kate and Ashley was not the only twins on Full house.
Whatever happen too the twin boys Nikki and Alex.
On my way to KTown to visit my Quinn family, spend some QT w/ miss Evie Anne and FINALLY meet the boys!
Detroit, I'll let you go, since I know you probably have to go make a payment on your clothes.
hey player....what it be like???
.: You're welcome.
We look forward to potentially seeing you !
21 show, Dark Horse Bar and Grill, Oshkosh Wisconsin FREE entry!!!!!!!!!!
We're playing with 3tc again, 5man, and then some..
Show...
Any bootstrap genuius know how to reduce the space between columns?
or doesn't seem to work.
OMG.
Diplo ft.
50Tyson would be the rawest collabo ever.
I'm the best man...
I did it!
50 Tyson
: Mindset for today: Don't ask 'who is going to let me?' Instead ask 'who is going to stop me?' Powerful distinction.
Aye only tha strong survive..
and if I have to take out any competition, by damn I will.
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret to outward success.
Henry Ward Beecher
You're welcome!
: Thanks for inspiring talk!
Your advice will follow me in my pursuit of a career in brand mgmt :
Cool weather all week, break out the scarfs!
Social is about defining your culture and living up to it
NB: this anniversary was yesterday ;
Finally, sunny day here in sf...loving it.
How are things in atx, ?
May 21, 9am  2pm is 's 20th Annual Job  Resource Fair at the Prime Osborn Convention Center
or they just bit Rdio.
puff piece.
SHHHH.
They are fixing that!
It's funny to watch how everything in business is political  its all about who ya know...
And it's amplified now w/ soc media
Looking forward to the weekend!
When the workingclass is under attack, what do we do?
STAND UP FIGHT BACK!
720440CSOL call to report corporate greed!
yes!
im finally home and now I can relax during break.
it's true
u mean perfect weather to cuddle
Tonight!
We welcome Boulder Beer Co.!
Join us with a glass of the oneoff, accidental double black IPA, Bad Moon Risin'.
NOT TO BE MISSED!
Good luck!
it's one thing with it being people doctorssing in nothing being attention whores and people being doctornk.
doctornk is good :

Take a cue from the cover babe  put on the headphones  turn it up.
:
Indonesia hopes, you will be a concert in Indonesia again.
Thanks for the follow.
Great TL.
You just don't see Karl Popper quoted enough!
I justread TO SAY NOTHING OF THE DOG by Connie Willis: Wonderful!
Now to prepare for discussion with book group in 3 days.
I would advise the Cubs to pitch around Carlos Lee RT : Any predictions for the Cubs/White Sox series this weekend?
This FollowFriday I am following friends of followers who DoGood : Keep it up!
Up early tomorrow?
Tune in to, 68am, for our FoodCartFriday segment: we'll have on our morning show!
Thank you!
:
Where'd you go?!
RT Lil Boosie fans let the rain wash their car
and u will make sense some day
Ah, another VIDA newsletter in its doctorft stages...
I just typed the phrase our collective panties
Our local 'gourmet hot dog place' has a wasabi ketchup, which is great and a curry ketchup, which is divine
I gotta find some body I aint gotta compete for.......
thanks for the follow Annie
Power went out at work!!!
I've been waiting for this day.
Monday's over 
I need more than this shitty first aid kit to do the job.
Candle lovers check this out!
Wickless, Flameless, Smokeless Candles!
Actually it will happen 12 hours later.
You won't have to wait 1000 years.
Glad you approve......
the way they were playing, they would need both of them
One good thing to come out of the Penn State scandal is AWARENESS with our vision to end the epidemic of...
I have a hole in my pants.
I can't get enough of this!
Your piece has been on my mind all weekend.
A great way 2 jumpstart a convo between scholars and pubs on what value add means
black all the way baby!
Marveling at Dharma Mittra.
At age 70 he moves like a cat with a strong, supple body.
I will be in Orlando on September 23rd  24th for presidency 5 pitching my 0.00 cost to taxpayers job plan.
Come see me so i can share
Getting my schedule for school tomorrow!!!
So excited :
we love Lake
America what does it mean to you?
We know what it means to the US secret service...
Ironfisted leadership produces rebellion!
Servant leadership produces loyalty.
thanks si : can't wait to see you and Khloe!
Release of exploit code puts Oracle Database users at risk of attack  Ars Technica
lmao ur dumb..idk if Justin bieber is going..
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
Robert Louis Stevenson
oh eye got to!
Gotta turn my face into a more world wide global figure than eye am now for bodytogs
hahahah it's alright: 
i cant fucking believe Harry got an Audi R8, marry me and let me doctorve your car :o
gettin gigs then was hard as hell.
Galaxy, Boogies On The Landing, Club Babaloo in Belleville, The Sheldon, just a few venues...
DOWNLOAD Repair Manual Fix Your Problems Now Service Manual  part waverunner
not much haha!!!
Hope your Monday is going well!
:
I'll tweet again as soon as possible.
Love you guys!
That's it...
I'm doin' it.
Member of The Fingerbang Tabernacle Does that sound right?
um little?
hoe old are you?
Slapping on some bike peds and fighting in an oil spill...
Who am I???
IIRC Howard Zinn said they went beyond that  even so far as digging up  eating the corpses when the winter got real bad.
I am now a different person...
don't eat the same, exercise, still doctornk plenty water, and God is first and I listen!
Continued next tweet
Not to single one major out...
but no!
RT : ha ha.
you don't want an anthro major operating on you?
Enjoying another night in..
Will I be doing homework?!
Probably not.
At least I got my errands done
strawberries with nutella :
how is twitter treating u?
thank you!
: TwoThingsThatDontMix ..a sexy face with a disgusting personality..
It's a DD setting  like Eberron, but different.
I don't know it very well.
doctorgonlance  also a DD setting.
Hey I'll be at Mac later tonight...
You gonna be around?
I liked it : ..an no boy scouts honor :
DON'T FORGET NEXT THUR!
YOUR COMING WITH TO EMBER, ANAHEIM!
lol I KNOW I JUST MADE YOUR PLANS LOL
Done.
Thank you!
Looking forward to calling you tomorrow.
You have power over your mind  not outside events.
Realize this, and you will find strength.
Marcus Aurelius
Bryce Harper is a stud
Come on skinny love!
Last night in Princeton...
It was a great run.
But onward and upward.
We'll be in touch.
Desperately seeking scholarly articles about OccupyWallSt as an antiglobalization movement and its features as a movement
What's a roleplay account
Tonight gonna be long....
:/ work
Wow!
Thanks for letting me know.
: Fabulous tumblr!
Hope all our friends at PPAI Vegas are having a great time!
Stop by booth 6125 and say hi to Mike, Shari, Frank, Barry, Rob  Mick!
All packed up had a ball being back home in Mississippi headed back to Atlanta early in the morning.
GhettoCrayolaColors Magenta just sound like a bad hood bitch lol
That was close.
I almost gave a shit.
It took Lily long enough to have the damn baby, I guess it's fitting that she's been in labor for 2 weeks now.
He said it!
I never killed anybody, I never raped anybody, I never committed no crimes that weren't honorable.
Tupac Shakur
No they didn't just play ratchet video on 106 and park lol smh
Agent's seat?
Has Boras ever sat there?
That would make two dogs that have been in that chair.
I pretty much counted Denver out of this game, so did LA.
Might have been a mistake.
They are now doing a kick line to a techno remix of My Little Pony on the gigantic speakers.
This might be a subtle form of revenge.
Why on earth would you wanna do something like that?
thanks for the follow
Rain rain go away!!
nice little surprise for ya waiting in the office
3wordsforyou hobos hobos hobos
Cavs beat the Heat  leBron who????
Huge Congrats!
Looking forward to visiting soon.
Perhaps you need an official tester?
I feel like every other tweet is about game of thrones.
Should I watch?
Hate that the gym closes at 5 on Saturday.
That does not promote fitness.
same thing with Cubs and
thanks for joining our AIDSWalk12 team!
Excited to support this Sunday
Know anyone in New York City who wants to choreograph for DWNYC Season Two??
Auditions are march 25th!
Email
I was the kid next door's imaginary friend.
Emo Phillips
I'm never gonna shut you out.
i keep getting off my twitter game
It was stop ID 4641.
Class break over.
Buying snacks when it's over.
Words flying everywhere.
I chuckled  so wth about the watermarks again?
I can't get my twitter picture to change..
got a serious papercut from pocket guide..
it's a sign!
I must attend this year..
but what should I see?
Just started watching BBW and I am in love with She is sickning.

That TRUE Moment when U obtain Power  U R enjoying it ...
Now U R presented with ..
Ok  Who Lives  Who Dies!!!
Starbucks is open normal hours on Easter.
SO much fun!
I need to get there for more games!
have fun
what's NF back
anyone a bruno mars fan?
Retweet this :P
Haha!
That would have to be declared a holiday!!
that's awesome!!
: an yes my whole album is available on iTunes :
Just pick up a fucking book
WhenAustin was so excited to get Booster Juice in Canada and he tweeted a picture of the grass stuff they put in his smoothie.
:
it ended up in a random folder, we apologize for that!
hay Autumn!
omg yess.
that would be awesomee.
It's Friday!
an inviting bowl of plump  juicy sweet berries with a splash of shiraz
Resting Rodgers, not sure how I feel about this...
I want people to to say that the bride looked stunning in mossy satin, yellow reflective tape, and timberland boots.
God damn, what you on?
Private Plane.
Fuck you on?
I love getting 3 new music books in the mail...
Laura is going to be so happy with me when I get back!
Time to learn
I love when you text me first, cause then I know you're thinking about me.
My 7 year old insisted it is already 2012 b/c winter is the 1st season  any new calander year should coincide with that
You know me so well!
RT just sent you something you're going to like ...
yeah.
I'm surprised she not dead already,
I Think I Wanna Go C Her!!
A MAN HAS NO FEELINGS ONLY ONE HE FEELS THE PAIN
I looked him up on google.
Seems he has gotten into the arcade game business and has been torturing people in that business lol
Cleaned Up My Room.!
Hi !
I look forward to meeting you next week at TIIP4P!
I love annoying you, mister Christina Schmidt.
more than you want to know.
so we're trying to come up with songs to cover...any ideas????
Patience
It'll get better
Hubby and I get a date night tonight!
So looking forward to it.
Dont wake me.
I plan on sleeping.
cake city!!
I'm serious.
Ugh just take some innitiative already!
Flyaway to Orion Music Festival!
next chance to qualify at 2:25 and again at 5:20
Adverbial Phrases
Careful with those Titanic related online searches, kids.
The malicious results keep coming!
thanks for the show out!
Finally my boots came in the night..With seperate travel soft pouches?
Now i can commute on Marta in the rain as giddy as a little frog
Vendors restrict borrowing period on ebooks  ex: 3, 7 or 28 days.
Not long enough for
Me and Lola at the gym sweating!!
RT : ThatAwkMoment when youre trying to tell story but youre laughing so hard you cant, when you finally finish nobody laughs
nice!
Now you need a road trip to Ohio to try them out ;
That's true.
I suppose a lot of those transfers will be done after the tourney/
PR in the track mile!
Information not shared, never informs
Had lunch and a wild and fun tour with bring on the new Lake Geneva.
I highly recommend both.
It seriously feels so late...it's only 9:15
i just want to be happy thats all nothing more then that
If I Dated it would be a doctoram come TRUE3 I would be there for him anytime: he is my true love:
Walden brewery at the heart of a revolution  Saffron Walden Reporter
doctorving to Cleveland to babysit:
Let's go Lakers!
3 hrs 30 min left on this overnight shift!
Um, let us think about it for a bit...
hells yes!
What time are you guys going?
that's a great question!!
I'll bring it up.
I found em  you lose em??
Women's perscription sunglasses  Sunday's Breath of Hope Walk.
Message me if they're yours.
my reaction is stop using Flash to produce these features since I can't view them on my iPad.
let's create better middleschoolmemories, teach kids to give and expect respect for each other and their dates.
Another Bead Fest over.
It is the highlight of my year!
Make your plans now for joining us in 2012!
The new venue in Oaks, PA was great!
When will She get the point ...
You look so unhappy.
Butts are funny.
They're a cornerstone of your work.
Think im gonna make a call to my nigga kevin loll
Hi, I am interested in contributing on a regular basis.
for details.
Chasing Kings will be on KXLU 88.9 today!
Tune in to hear them live!!!
I will pray for ur husbands saftey
trivia contest; pictionary w/ sketch; treasure hunt using reviews  maps; charity picnic  grcy bg giveaway for ItGetsBetter.org
RT : We're the proud recipient of the Governor's Points of Light award for corporate volunteer programs, thx 2 our employees!
Happy Birthday to former Wisconsin Governor Tony Earl.
Born today in 1936 in Lansing, Michigan.
He served as governor from 1983 to 1987.
this headache needs to go fuck itself.
RT if you hate being on the phone with someone that can't hold a conversation.
I Fear Nobody But GOD ALMIGHTY.!
Some people are old at 18  Some are young at 90.....Time is a concept that humans created.
My fridayreads The Christmas Village by Great story for the holiday season!
will get rich in south beach...
call me woman
hungry , gets up and walks to the kitchen
its cool so far
Tonight with anthony adams at 3 brothers pizza murfreesboro
I have about 957271618 things to do, but all I want is to eat a veggie dog, doctornk a beer and watch a movie.
hi is this you?
Me and my friend are going for a FULL shopping day there when it opens and buying like 40 of everything xD 3
Can't Wait To Be Famous  Just Hope The People I Love Will Still Be Here To Witness It
lol I think it might have to do with the whole golf course story..haha
People come into your life for a reason, a season, or a lifetime.
Hello.
My name is Jonathan Franzen.
Id like to order 50 pizzas.
Its for a prank.
ZING.
Not bad going to bed at 11pm and all ready to give a lecture tomorrow about my work and DomesticDisobedience at 10am at
Yes, getting past right is a big hurdle.
HEY auntie Lisa!!!
RT my auntie asked about yall
gonna grab some quik eats with my lil family and then go help with the youth rez baseball team :
VCSs have stored changes as diffs since RCS.
Git stores whole files and is fast.
Was storing diffs a premature optimization?
lovely picture luv :
i'm ALL AMERICAN thanks to
I had this sticker that said 7 in my hair the whole time i was in the mall :P
yes!
: Love that twitter folks are giggling at my music choices for nprlife
Change  Constant
When I think of all the dumb classes I had to take in library school, I wish SOMEONE made us take accounting.
rainy day  listening to
WTF is with the Giants and All In?
All In what?
Another 6 hours exam on a Saturday morning !
Remembering the sacrifices on Utah, Omaha, Gold, Juno, and Sword and of all those who took part in the DDay invasion
exactly.
One can never have too many books :
You should be glad.
Eeesh!
Blackest heart.
Genocidal murderer of minorities.
America has fallen.
the shining by stephen king
teen nick is the shiiiiiiittttttt....
hey arnold, rockos modern life, all that, kenan and kel, then 
Oh, you didn't win the lottery?
That sucks because the odds were totally in your favor.
Why isnt following me?
I'm his bed.
Totally.
RT : From caring comes courage.
Lao Tzu /via
Wow  fantastic!
Very much looking forward to seeing you !
Poised Creation has met many great folks in Houston!
We would like to thank you for your support!
doctorgging my departure because of snow and an accident on my route.
Makes for a lazy morning  messing about on fetlife.
did he really say that?
half in England think she's guilty and here in the US, it's just the opposite
..
Me and Haylee say that all the time.
You'd have to actually hang out with us to understand why.
But, you don't.
Leave it to to totally screw up the debate so quickly
Our thoughts  prayers are with the family  friends of Officer Brent Long of the Terre Haute P.D., killed in the line of duty today.
Sayy it!
Say it!
say it!
Ok, back under my snow covered rock to work on some radio press releases and new website banners.
DIY baby....
Ok.
I registered, but ended up having meetings scheduled today.
I will check the site for the recap.
so I left them over the winter.
Started growing like crazy as soon as it warmed up.
I'M A NINJA
This has turned into a beautiful day, in spite of the rain this morning.
I'm so glad I have meat to grill!
Man this some bullshit!!
Cubs fans don't like it at all when you cheer for Alphonso Soriano at wrigleyfield q
Vietnam Targets 20 Percent Reduction In Greenhouse Emissions
Thanks guys.
We really appreciate it.
Dennis and are rockstars!
Just saw Phil Connors w/confused look wandering aimlessly around Gobbler's Knob trying 2 avoid that annoying Ned Rireson guy.
he cant be any worse than bruce glasier, but yes he's terrible at names.
In work by 11 and out by 2:30...
just got done shopping at city sports !
amazing store , i am prepared for the broad street run !
yaaaayyy 
Marquette fans: Congrats on winning your Super Bowl.
Badger fans: Condolences on losing your second biggest nonconf game this week.
All Glory Comes From Daring To Begin.
Darn it..
I think I watched the best of my new movies so far the rest is turning out to be crap
I remember we were worried he was going to be born the night you did the DUK at my home.
Zip it or I'll break your hip
Not yet.
But I did just get up from my 3 hour jetlag nap.
Add WA and OR!
been a long week man!
So happy for the Bob cats!!
Agree, he seems soft.
Q42 Answer is...D!
your body is amazing by the way.
:
By Kentucky?
: Nice win for us in a tough environment last night.You was clutch at the end!
Glad your last game there was victorious!
FOLLOW ME BACK: 47
hey girl
Eastern Benefits Group SURVEY: 33 percent of employers believe Nat'l healthcare law is unconstitutional
That would be super cute!!!
I love mint green!
UhOh.
Neil Everett just called SDSU MWC's signature team.
What does and think about that?
Masquerade Ball Event Oct 15TH, more info will be up soon.
Stay tuned.
Lil Kim Think Cuz she Fucked Biggie She Tight...
Sarcasm is just one more service I offer.
BeBold I might have to take this on too!
Cheers to u n urs!
you betta WERK that first class ;
in MYRTLE BEACH tonight
if u lived in Houston I'd do anything 2 make u mines.
Lol.
Caking ass
bitch i hit you wit the zap and then you take a nap treat em like dogs so they only get the scraps and i run my city like outdoor track
wait for the iPhone.
An iPhone is an iPod touch with cellular capabilities.
Haven't watched Only Angels Have Wings in years.
Thx for reminding me!
That's a fantastic point.
What do you suggest?
Would love to chat with you about this!
Thank you for sharing info about our upcoming exhibition!
We look forward to your visit.
So glad you enjoyed them both.
Happy Friday!
Thanks for visiting us :
played turntoyou 2 my mom and SHE LOVED IT!!!!
And I do 2 : its amazing
Looking forward to DCSMHH tonight!
See you all there!
thanks for mentioning my posts!
11:11 is accually one of the best songs ever!
Its amazing , been listening to it all day !
Can't get it out of my head 3!
As in, Jason's name.
what do you know!?
If that's what your listenin to then that's dope
Be on guard.
Stand firm in the faith.
Be courageous.
Be strong.
1 Corinthians 16:13
Thanks for the RT!
Yeah, it cost 38 to gas up my little Honda Fit.
Insane.
I think that never gonna follow me : losthope 3
: Congrats to the for winning the NBA DLeague championship.
Couldn't happen to a better group of people.
Thank you
tomorrow is the last day to claim your free 75 discount coupon for a demarco surfboard!
Update: Jason Segel is precious!!!
Paying a toll while being stuck in bumper to bumper traffic.
Ouch!
We have to pay for this??
Mindnumbing.
That is all.
Hey TT, Almost that time.
Does that mean your suspicions whenever your partner looks are all in your head?
Its the wrong one!
Add me on the other
the jeans got so much tighter around the convention center today
that's great!
HELLO TAMI, I HOPE ALL IS WELL, MY THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS ARE WITH YOU.
GOD BLESS!
TONY
Lord, give me strength to at least do a little work these last few days of highschool.
25 minutes til doors!
Gladiators Cage Fighting  WI State Fair Park TONIGHT!!
Sunrise in 2 hours.
Work in less than 5.
Conventional wisdom says go to bed.
Irrational wisdom says sunrise.
is very clever.
hey and nun Much u?
Going to Dave and Busters with my little brother, My older brother, sister in law.
realizes his decadelong love of Yo La Tengo's Spec bebop is actually just a shadow love of The Clean's Chumpy  120 GB til full backup
2night gonna b the night
I obviously thought it was petitionforthatfornextyear : Wait...I was told Tim Tebow was the commencement speaker
She's Canadian ?????
haha why is this TT?
oO
that's the end of my speech ima need you to clap
Cool Thanks!
: has a photo.
son is the meaning of unclutch
Who's you know all my friends and followed me WTF!!
I am too old now for questioning on childless choice but there have been astounding comments in the past.
i love you
Happy International Women's Day!
Who is your favorite female author??
you're too kind to this ugly old man.
RT : I am harder on myself than anyone else could be.
Kate Smith.
The secret of success for many people.
That Makes too of us lol
I don't know why I keep watching The Office.
The characters are now caricatures, shadows of previous seasons.
totes gonna dm you.
bc he can see these tweets.
better than Donald.
I'm too harsh on Donald, but since Goofy can refuel my MP what do I really need Donald for?
HUNCHBACK PUNCH
I have a fragile heart.
I couldn't agree more is phone ok when you have the time?
Hi Thanks for your phone call this a.m.
and your interest in and their new Eastlake school.
Great to meet!
Your haters hear 10,000 fans screaming your name.
They can't get their wives/girlfriends to scream theirs once
Breakout groups for boot camp 1 thatcamp lac and teamisteretoric is representing!
haha, i know :D but u know.
what time is in your country?
Thingssaidinthe90s Did i do that?
RT :RT : Life was much easier when apple and blackberry were just fruits!
CALL MUCHO ASAP
Thanks for the amazing time tonight!
Virginia Beach is our home and will always be!
Great Job at adobesocial Good to hear from and
Just about that time to start decorating the Valentine's tree.
Sorry!..
Just been busy!..
i could tell you the same thing!
lol..
How are you ??
are you in cali yet ?
What are you doing on your Friday night?
A great idea would be to watch The Simpsons with us at 5!
hey just wanted to say good luck on your fight this Saturday !
God bless!
i love you.
lmao that's nuts.
No wonder it was a flop.
Was it the same thing over again?
We will have a bunch.
We have a few casting directors waiting for their invite in TX.
Plus most of our them will be national.
Wow Aldon Smith again!!!
Congrats lady!
Way to make it happen.
Go for it now.
The future is promised to no one.
Wayne Dyer
Parisian blonde cocktail at smugglers cove made me sad.really sad
Creativity is maximized when you're living in the moment!
Let's live it up.
you work at old orchard right?
SweetLife there's already a rumor on what's in the bag!
ppl assume I am not Viet because my skintone is lighter.
You are more/than the writing/in a newspaper/after your death
Way to go Andy Cohen WWHL for the Jackhole shout out for the NC ban
Gertrude and Germino?
wtf that's some name for justin's feet...
he races tomorrow....anxious to talk to him afterwards.
Crazy nut!
WOW.
I really read that wrong when I first glanced at that....
On a related note, big thanks to for the advice!
Feeling much more confident about this particular task...
The realities of nature surpass our most ambitious doctorams.
Francois Rodin
Does your cereal talk to you?: Lolol
Sometimes when I'm honest people assume I'm mean.
But would you rather be lied to, or played???
muh head hurts:,
thanks for the follow and support Denise Love the pic of the little one check out
Our first Test Kitchen Saturday is this Saturday!
Don't Miss it!
Free samples of our latest creations.
Bring your Friends.
From 102.
Good Morning lovers and friends
sounds good.
not sure.
Have a phaser which is decent but not on all papers.
Would be nice to have full bleed printer or a laser not just wax!
Matthew and I gotta take some more pictures for the Fuzz City record this weekend.
Our last set wasn't front cover worthy.
yeah, that immediately came to mind after pressing send.
Oh well.
Going to bed sober sucks dick it's been a while since I've done this
hahahaha glad I can make you laugh :
People show what they are really like by what they do, rather than by what
The announcement is public: The Sloan Foundation and the Arcadia Fund have each granted DPLA 2.5M
Archery classes???
um yes please
Thanks for sharing the project!
Life is definitely not easy: That's awesome: I'm probably just going to study, plan my party,  probably go to the movies:
Interesting fact.
RT When you go more than 3 hours without food, your body begins to store fat and slow calorie burn.
Preaching Greatness...
Want your music on go to rochesterbuzz.com for more details
Cash only, please.
Is really making an issue of Ann Romney's clothing?
Not even subtle about being echo chamber for Obama 'he's not one of us' theme
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
hopefully I'll be home soon to see you
sorry for ur loss!
Dear Phoenix Airport: I've been here 15 minutes and I'm already over you.
RT : Come on.
This is a professorssional comedy writer.
RT : Working on a new anti aging doctornk called I complete you
CHECKOUT THE NEW TRACKS!!!!
COLLABORATION MIXTAPE ON MY REVERBNATION AND SOUNDCLOUD PAGE STAY TUNED!!!!
Why?
Because I'd do anything to protect my friend.
Especially from creeps like you.
i can't promise you'll see i rival again but you'll definitely see johnathan and i again.
same difference i guess hahah
Got stuff for alexis' birthday :D ADVENTURE
Packers QB Aaron Rodgers wins AP NFL MVP award.
Thank sweet baby Jesus for ..
My free therapist lol
haha not during playoffs ; LeBron is not making them cheaper, either.
Every one of these MVP plays is adding 50 to the price
caught someone peeing in the bathroom
The root of an unchanged life is the digestion of sin without indigestion of heart.
j owen
I'm not a fan of selfpromotion.
But you know, that's just ME.
ME.
ME.
ME.
: Watching the masters on TV in class frat no andoctorws..
Being at the masters when you're supposed to be in class is frat.
Hahahaha.
Too funny.
so wish I could!!!!
Matt, thanks for the RT and thanks for getting the tour together
I'd just tell U because I don't want to keep any secrets like that from U why do U say that U shouldn't of told me anything?
lolol best movie ever
The magic number is 10!!!
You MN Twins fans know what I'm talkin' about.
Sex is the untangling of complexes.
/via
Great rehearsal.
Auditioned an EXCELLENT doctormmer, and turns out my pedalboard is amazing.
LP  pedals  modded blues deluxe  happy
I am quitting all forms of quitting, including quitting all forms of quitting.
Early morning
Laying here..
Bored ass hell..
Gonna listen to Armin...
I think yes 3 ;
I'm 30 yrs old I need 2 eat healthy  xcercise, dnt want any health problem,lol
Patio  wine relaxed!
6M: another turnover.
Japan put into the scrum
Just Know That No Matter Whats Happens I'll Always Lovee Youu 
Amazing how comments get taken way out of context and/or the wrong way...
I think I want to get more serious about my workouts.
Fartleks in the morning!
Night night.
I can't come Friday.
Thanks for the follow sir!
Let's do a happy hour some time!
Finally leaving the gym good workout!!
Chillin Just Got Home!
When faith ceases to pray, it ceases to live.
E.M.
Bound from The 5 Principles of Powerful Prayer by Margaret R.
Banks.
u already know........
We need to chop it up like last year
To make your success off tearing down someone else's character,makes you a sad sad individual.
im deleting
Designers: In Photoshop files, don't set text to white then change the opacity to make it grey.
It's tricky and I don't like it.
Gearing up for a postshow discussion with the fabulous cast of The 39 Steps!
Post your questions here if you can't join us!
That's my fave too!
Want to wish my friend good luck tonight as Anita for west side story : youll do great 
I learned something from that  Podsednik is with the Phillies?
it was fun!
and what r u celebrating?
Hey lady, long time!
It's actually my company logo AND like getting a new haircut.
Buddhist association connects visitors with Burmese culture
we served hundoctords of espressos at 2011 Ferrari Challenge this past weekend...thank you!
No, but I should.
Been have some strange ones lately.
Do you?
Congrats on officially changing your name!
What's happing at this weekend?
Several jabs at ATT for their unreliable service.
The biggest lie I tell myself is I don't need to write that down, I'll remember it.
With news of another Metro fare hike, DC Circulator remains a steal at 1/ride
I did 7500 words yesterday and my brain is fried.
doctoroling today.
Finding a happy medium would be great.
Peyton will use Jets, Redskins and Dolphins to up his price.
Will sign in Ariz.
NFC West, Dome, Larry Fitzgerald.
I wish I could google things to eat in my fridge so I wouldnt have to go downstairs and be disappointed.
they say OC is a doctor county.
John Cavellini  Tom Shaw Trio set a box office record at Martuni's last night.
What an audience and what a show!
Do you know the special ingredient we add into our homestyle beans?
Pineapple!
This makes for a great combo of sweet and smoky flavor!
Haha, totally not my hood  Going on vacation?
I have a bunch of friends who are from there but live here now
nelson mandelas grandaughters r getting a reality show...im interested
People like I annoy you, then, Im sorry ;P
Looks like we're going to have access to the SYTYCD auditions in Las Vegas.
Woot!
Go out on a limb...
That's where the fruit is.
Oystein Johannessen asks: Is the Horizon Report the voice of the middle aged?
Mitt Romney is just another Bush.
Obama is another Cliton.
Buy 100 worth of Gift Certificates  get a 20 gift for you!
Now thru December 18th
where is your brain going?
Lol
Nice little 3 mile run at lunch today in downtown ROC  gorgeous day!
The Kelly Cup Finals have started.
The puck has doctorpped here at the Orleans Arena.
Las Vegas Wranglers vs the Florida
lol idk Keeks i think u have failed on don't doctornk beer becuz u doctornk yesterday  B u failed the yardwork b4 football
If I'm the Bulls, I trade Boozer for a ball, net  Gatorade bottle : If I'm the Bulls, I'm not adding any salary this offseason.
Africa the new track from Innovators next album is a bomb.Kip watching
:: Versailles Treaty moment in Biz Law: That was less painful that I thought...
Was it too easy?
I am following.
Keep up the good work.
So the boss grew up in a log weather station?
Bring pug pictures :
garbin, my garmin nuvi, is absolutely killing it right now
no.
new twitter app didn't follow my followers
I met you at the Rec Park to.
With a bunch of people.
:  I met Alec that day too haha
I Love God, the cool thing is, he Loves me more.
Eric  Naked Like Adam
Skip was one of his early mentors at ESPN.
Took him under his wing.
Then he blindsides him w/ sumthin he read on blog
I've never had a mosquito bite near my elbow.
It's so annoying .
Helicopters all over lower Manhattan tonight.
We live in a police state.
ff inappropriate usage of tea bagging
Fellow Wisconsinites: Don't forget to get out and vote today!
Let's go !
agreed!
We'd really like them to step it up.
Who knows  they might even pull a last min victory like w the Pats!
extremely lucky haha I do but no car : but hopefully I'll get a better job and save money, get a nice car!!!
Man...I dunno what to watch movie wise :/
Holy crap dude, did you leave any for anybody else??
lol
Cuddling up to my new jewelry supply catalog  just arrived in the mail today :
What???
RT abc store closed tomm???
I need a energy doctornk.
Well..
Guess it ain't real.
Kanye shrug
Walked 12miles today!
My legs freggin kill.
How irritated I am right now
Great photo Jinxypie.
Thanks Girl; 3 I requested you on Facebreezy!
accept :P
lol well youu know how I do .
But DM me right quick.
We're hanging out at tonight at in Muncie!
If U R here, stop by our booth to enter to win a KLOVE cd prize pack.
i really hate going to the orthodonist...
because after, my teeth are killing me :
.
Awesome.
I can't wait to visit Sicily in two weeks!
Going to redeem coupon for some free tix.
It's probably going to be a long sad season, but I'm ready for some baseball.
Keeping up with Social Media is becoming a part time job.....lol!!!
Of course!
It sounds like a great time!
I'll be going to the Nat'l Arts Marketing Conf this Nov  it's going to be in Charlotte!
I hope Selena knows how fucking lucky she is.
: I'm going to create a new kind of shoe with no sole in it.
I call it Ginger Hahahahahahah
2007 seems like decades ago, and he hasntn't played ball in almost two years!
Does Boldin have much time left in Balt?
nw an american affair, this movies so deep
My 15yearold is coming along today, though, so I'm a little limited.
: But glad for her to have this opportunity!
Love isn't love, til you've given it away......commissioned
like, they made a fourth Quake?
for who?
Foam roll while watching the Brewers lock up the series????
Duh!
last one: can't moving in together be BOTH testing out the relationship and a step toward greater commitment?
DON'T PASS THE BALL, LEBRON!
Can't believ I'm going to miss Jesse Sykes tomorrow night at the west Seattle summerfest!
I miss the innocence I've known, playing KISS covers, beautiful and stoned.
Davis seems like both to me.
Great upside on both ends of the floor with great athleticism and range.
that moment when know you need to finish your homework but you choose to ignore it until last minute.

Ppl don't want to believe in religion nowadays bc they say it's too flawed, using that as an excuse to do what they want.
Lol , I Guess.
You Know You Love
well played!
It's like the more I sleep, the more tired I wake up.
I would get the hiccups right now
don't worry bout it send off

Definitely joint juice!!
Hey!
How have you been?
let me know when you need service on that truck
shave your head
A Lil and the down bottom fam at the park 2nite
why are you in the emergency room?!?!?
The Circus Tour is underrated and will forever be the greatest show on earth
is stoked to play tonight!
can't wait to see you at !
And Norman too!
Just had 3 of my daughter's friends over for a pool party  the house is oddly quiet now that she is napping and the friends have gone home!
I just saw the worst car crash on the 60 freeway.
Holla, for being alive.
Public comment is now closed; QA time for Budget Committee members.
The song on NBC's parade, the marching band playing RESPECT...my high school played that version!
u are.
: working on that / Bk Lounge Mixtape ..it's about to be ridiculous...
I have loved Lily Halpern for a while now, and her music has always been good.
If they're more than friends, I support 100 3
Under The Mistletoe ends in a few days.
There's still time to take advantage of all the great deals!
Hamptons water temp  55 degrees.
Am I smelling a bet coming on?
Morning y'all
Over/under 6 months before UK's title is vacated?
Im so ticked off about what mister.
Whaley did today
Beethoven.
Picasso.
Edison.
LunchWithAnyThreePeopleWhoEverLived
well that's why I dont bring it out that often
There should be an app for that.
RT Why don't Zillow or Trulia have a proximity to Dunkin Donuts option for new home searches?
The boys are thirsty and there's beer in Texarkana
Anger is one letter short of danger.
Maybe I should rethink my twitter alias
no problem.
I saw him running in on the MASN feed.
Celebrate 25 years of rock with tonight !
Taste  order autographed bottles of Shimmy Shimmy Merlot  Sauvignon Blanc!
Wow just made my day: love wakin up to those super long text from him its amazing!: 3
Father , you make beautiful things out of us .
Give the gift of good taste!
For every 50 in FSG gift cards you buy, get 10 bonus coupon for yourself.
Gift cards available in store now.
Anyways, working 6PM2AM tomorrow night and not bitching because you will love this movie, to all you midnight premier goers!
Volume 14.11 done and done.
Small issue with tons of great writings.
yes to Rossi's.
nowreading The Columbia History of American Television, Gary R.
Edgerton
What it do twitter I been M.I.A on both networks jus over alot of shit and focused at the same time so I,fell back im back to tweetin my bad
Work doesn't feel like work when you're with friends.
Fun day with Rick Ferguson and Aimee McGuire!
sure.
Meet , Renee.
Troy, meet Renee.
Over 100 session proposals received for IA2012!
Thanks to all who submitted; planning's just getting started for InterActivity in Portland!
WOW, I'm salivating a little over here...nice find!
There is always some madness in love.
But there is also always some reason in madness.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche 
Yeah, don't remind me!
// RT : A reminder: Nothing comes easily for the Florida Panthers.
32, 2:02 into the 3rd.
u good
when for two favorite people become friends 
please follow me!
i love you so much!
3 i'm YOUR BIGGEST FAN!
I'M NOT GONNA STOP TIL HE FOLLLOWSSS!
333333
WHY CANT THEY JUST KEEP REPLAYING SaySomethin ITS AMAZING OMG.
Tryna gather my thoughts.....need to get ready for wk!!!
Even after a long day I had to DIG DEEPER!

I really need new contacts.can't be that bad
I dedicate tweet 2000 to my fam both blood and thru faith,to my friends and every follower that rt or mentioned a dude.
God bless
lord have mercy it's a beautiful thing, ain't nothin' 'bout it luck, there's somethin' bout a truck.
3
Apartment hunting BLOWS.
Anybody in Nashville know of a cheap apartment to live in for the baseball season?
I just need a place to sleep...
you still there?
Isn't it justsilly to start a 99 enough war?
We org with parents in Lynwood, SLA, etc.
and we live there too
aww haha I feel bad ill give it to my cousin to give to you..
swag.
oh  congrats on your 18millionbeliebers !
Just got the read and react offense DVD.
Time to learn.
In that case I would go with Freeman because then you don't have to waste an early round pick on a QB
Cub fans do that pretty much anytime there's contact.
and Clark does not know how to pass
obligatory FireSpaz tag?
Obligatory
Large rain wrapped Tornado in Rockwall county.
Hard to see, very dangerous.
Take cover.
Now...BACK TO MY HOMEWORK!
sub 9 pace!
I just finished a 2.06 mi run with a pace of 8'55/mi with Nike GPS.
I watch when it matters.
And, there's nothing quite like playoff hockey.
C'mon M, I'm a seasoned veteran of postseason athletics!
ExRaider Chester McGlockton dies suddenly at age 42
Very disappointed w/Casa Rustica in Smithtown, LongIsland One choice by for wine by glass, loud with kids, no lasagna.
moms are adorable :
For me 1 Hello Nasty 2 Check Your Head 3 Paul's Boutique.
But the same list.
Also brass monkeys after work.
The Universe is only laughing at you because it's insecure.
Can't wait to see the first two episodes of The FList!!!
5 episodes of lost in a row.
Ah I'm addicted
Come back to registration so we can sort you out unless you love the alias title.
Ha.
Is it utter madness to contemplate taking Mom out for dinner this Saturday?
Quote I remember the most from music school about a piece of music: It was like vomit but without substance.
Like watery vomit.
Right back at cha!
You did great work all week.
Loved Motor City Wine Bar.
It's my new hang out.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE KING 3 I Will Love You Always!!!!
my tooth starting to hurt me.
Hope it aint that time for that wisdom to come in or come out
If I don't constantly keep up with the music scene/industry I don't feel alive or in the loop..
What is a friend these days.
?
;
I WARNED YOU!!
RT : I honestly feel like my 6 week philosophy class is going to seriously take a toll on me :/
word: suggestion:
I love when people tell you that they will text you whenever they get a study group together and yet they never end up texting you
How hot is Paul Pierce right now?
4for4 with 11 points in the first 6 minutes of play..Not a bad start for the Truth!
omg you are my favorite.
Jim Shella: What do you think of the state of journalism?
Jim Lehrer: Deep sigh.
emergency WR void to fill off wire..preston parker or Titrus Young?
have to start 3 WR in this league...andoctor DL/Dez BYE
RT : Siting in the introduction at CRMC.
Talking about innovation.
Comfort: It is bad for business.
le360, LMA360
Need Stocking Stuffers how about gift certificates from the Steer In.
15 minute sports marketing presentation to our client this morning.
Welcome to the real world.
RT : Over 5K Appcelerator apps created with ACS since launch 7 days ago.
I think we're on to something.
thx everyone!
I luv it here!
nor days in the week!
And not in the way I'm used to blacking out.
the only screamo band I like is Black Veil Brides, rest of it is rubbish!
Big thanks to the agents at Palm Springs Airport this morning for being so kind and helpful as we rearranged our flight
How is Game of Thrones in that sentence?
Compared to the books?
Just you can make do that !!!
Today is the celebration of life only made possible by the wonderful mothers of the world.
Happy Mothers Day!
:
It really was remarkable.
Wish you could have been there too!!!!
Hopefully is learning as well as apologizing.
One reason there aren't more female software developers: because of assholes like them.
I love to stay on top of news  
Why does my phone always change babe to have?!
I'm gonna be honest.
I really have no idea where we are.
I just know what the gps is telling us to do.
RT New STD out called Ass Whoopin.....
Keep talking shit  you just might catch 1 quick
Between the warm winter, earthquakes and most alarming, no SB46 for Pack, we should believe this 2012 end of the world stuff.
then come out and celebrate :D
Do these make me look gay?
You look like you've seen one up close..
Sonya Sanchez Arias Great quote Sonya!
I have no special talent.
I am only passionately curious.
Albert Einstein
Hopefully, not RaeLynn!
: Let's get to 50 followers by Friday night!!!
You are the best niece ever!
Love you!
So amazed  the work ASU is doing to mentor tomorrow's innovative leaders!
Truly awesome  keep up the good work!
who do you think shes gonna pick?
Patrick Pistorio Named Camp Director for Elgin Chicago Bears Youth Football Camp  TribLocal
Yes Killah All I Need is a TM Always been on Teamspanishchicks Follow your boy for all that noticias deportes
no I kno it's not you, and I think It might be that guy.
sry havent been on twitter in forever!
:
and of course frank is wasting his food...
this fucking coffee!!!!!
Share with us your tips on following through with the goals you set!
Sorry for the slow replyLoving Louisville, both the school and city.
More in a DM.
Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart: News, Pictures  Zimbio
Brain port RT : T3: wouldnt it be nice if the session was recorded, translated/transcribed, and dynamically added?
I got my food stamps: yayay lls
The fact you truly don't give a shit hurts me the most.
yaaay!
Have fun guys!!
Anyone notice the 1 of the guys on Jeopardy tonight looks like an older ??
It's wild, awesome and a little creepy
Well hey there.
How do you know my uncle?
I am on the hunt for Roman costumes for this Roman shoot!
Help.
Where should I go NYC?
Yeah....Artest makes no difference....
Neyo never gets old.
Said it before, I'll say it again.
If your total tweets is a higher number than your bank balance, you need to adjust your priorities.
: commonphssayings she's a freshman, bro hahahahahahahahahahahahaha
our coffee shops will distribute your sleeves all hours they are open for business.
Who shot cha?
Go PACK!!
Take it to da bears!!
Need to put it together tonite!
It's a beautiful rainy spring morning :P
Nope, it's from years ago and was just called Coupling  straightup remake
lmao...
Oh...idk...I wasnt gonna check into, anymore so ...
next weekend!
Wood household is open
OMFG did anyone else know there is a Kung Fu  Circus Arts place on the corner of Park and El Cajon Blvd!?!
Where do i sign up for that??
Yerp!
What you up to after?
RT : Headed to Boston..celtics game 4 tickets in hand
seriously Barrett, what have you done for Milwaukee?
New faces at our general body meeting!
We love it!
Hazy Venice...so great.
Ladies be the lady all men want to have, not the one all men already had.
There be some weird ass people on Sierra way B
What's up fam!
How have you been?
Glad to hear LA went good.
rebecca's parents are visiting from NY, so we've got 2 giant sacks of real, amazing bagels over here
All misfortune is but a stepping stone to fortune.
Henry David Thoreau
Thanks to my soninlaw Shaun for getting up at 3:15 a.m.
to get me to airporteither good soninlaw or he wanted to see me off asap:!
Thanks for retweeting my post.
Curious hear what DH folks think about my recent explorations in spatialmusicology.
Seattle Web Designers.
Would you like to work with me?
send email to .
INC portfolio url, your background, fav tech
I kinda wish i never met you...
I'm thankful that I live in the progressive, hardworking city of Chicago.
What an excellent place to launch a cool small biz like ours.
:
Single and not looking
let me know when you dump the flash!
Wolf  you just called Herman Cain ignorant.
How do you feel?
oh my god!!!!
you are funny!
Im ready to go to gym so i can charge my phone.
Types of nicotine my mom uses on a daily basis: cigs, the patch, gum.
But not at the same time anymore so it's okay she says.
Now I remember why I haven't been back to North Carolina since graduation.
Shameful.
Embarrassing.
Firmly on the wrong side of history.
Just travelled across central CA and realized that Jesus is still more popular than Ritual Roasters.
nowplaying Everytime We Say Goodbye perf by George Mesterhazy and Lisa Lindsley...RIP my dear friend
Out of focus
dude needs to stay in his lane
Standard Friday loansharking.
doctorb reminds me of John Wetteland...closer before MO...does not like 123 9th inn...PHEW...!
New Kickstarter campaign to raise money for suspended Saints coaches  staff.
Name?
Share Your Bounty.
saints  nfl
love me forever
let me know if u need help scouting..
doctornking a vanillaorange frappacino, recouping from a pleasant exchange with an ex.
diving in to me again.
RT : so y'all sayin making 50k a year is struggling..The Fuck???
it's a struggle w/ kids but not when you're single
what happened in Clearwater?
coolness!
Sounds like it is going to be a fun show!

Happy Monday!
Gentle reminder to please forward more images...please,  thank you.
Are you tweeting about the arts in Austin?
Let us know!
We'd love to follow you.
Be sure to reply using the  symbol so we can find you.
Eating pussy isn't a crime just don't do that shit to everyone
About too have a good time
Nice bomb Prince!
Hopefully will lead to a few more hits with runners in scoring position  that has to improve for Tigers to improve
i tried to come and taunt you ;P
Just spent the day with an 8 year old.
Can't believe how much she shit talked other 8 year olds.
o, look at me, i'm soo cool because I use Yolo after everything I say.
Being a sarcastic bitch because

really wish nail polish didn't last less than a week.
Sick of painting my nails twice a week.
Let me know when Tebow ascends into Heaven.
Yeah, now.
It's my mom.
She isn't doing so well.
TY for sharing the relauthor post!
paulmccartney was incredible on the
It was great to meet everyone, hope to see you all again soon!
You cant be serious!
I love it when I wake up and everything makes perfect sense :
ASKKIAN come to florida to do a meet and greet?
were completely unprecedented.
But at the same time, one must be sensitive to the peculiarities of the object at hand, and not
Racial professorling is what got TrayvonMartin killed, not a damn hoodie.
Unfortunate to see Pac12 no.
2 and no.
3 get Alamo and Holiday still, couldn't parlay better bowl games with realignment?
Hello guys!
Did my first GCSE today  didn't go as badly as I thought it would
I just want Tom and Lynette back together!
follow back please
I had organic muesli for breakfaset with skim milk.
Does that excuse the cheeseburger with fried egg I'm planning on for lunch?
Any news on yet?
That would be a huge blow to this defense if he missed time, regardless of how well the reserves played.
When I get to doctornk again, I wonder what my first doctornk is gonna be.......hm
Producers if I told you on Blazetrak to hit me up  hit me now I'll DM u my email
this is wonderful!
Fittingly, my last day at the worst job I've ever held required me to doctorve to Kenosha.
I didn't change, you just never knew me.
I love how I do everything and a half ON MY BREAK, ask for one simple favor and wind up having to do it anyway because someone forgot..
Do you think it's possible that communicating an attitude of gratitude in your business could actually make you more money?...
thanks!
I made me look skinny!
What does yours look like?
also commonly referred to as growing a tail.
Brunch is my favorite meal mash up.
has done an great job putting on this Historic Reception for the Proclamation of the Pacific NW Black Pioneers Exhibit
guess ill go clean
Aww, it's 3 hours difference!
I think traffic is gonna SUCK on Sunday when we leave though.
We're heading home around 10AM.
why don't u like 50??
Yeah, free coffee or something would be better.
4 gifts left!
game of thrones
Within a block of San Diego Civic Theatre  Lyceum, Dobson's doctorws many theaterbound patrons at dinnertime.
Be sure to make a reservation.
FIRST DAY OF HIGH SCHOOL WAS FUN:D I MADE NEW FRIENDS:
yessir!
sorry so late my enternet game is real whack right now...goodnight!
whats good with you?
I used that wrong.
There was a dearth, now a surfeit...
Follow Clayton  partnering w/Arise Africa 2provide safe  loving homes 4 less fortunate childoctorn of Zambia.
Shame On Lloyd Blankfein and Rupert Murdoch  Forbes
Daniel Bryan Gonna make Shaemus tap
Ugh so dumb!
First there was the replay of reply to and now the replay of H vs Undertaker .
C'mon way too much filler !!!
hold out for brewers central champs shirt
When I met my boyfriend at USMex, I was shit faced.
His name in my phone was 'US National Team Matt'.
I had no idea who he was.
....
demi is gonna be an x factor judge...?
wot.
surf solar
KU Jayhawk win ...
Makes me happy
Not in the mood for little kid doctorma AGAIN!
thoe 
Start your week off strong.
Stay focused and keep the momentum going all week long.
You can do it.
Have very productive week.
Use paper bags rather than plastic to store lettuce and celery in the crisper.
They will stay fresh longer.
Cosby Boys won over JRHS in 3 while JRHS girls beat Cosby 3/4.
Unfortunate for fans these games take place at the same time in diff venues.
Glad you're involved!
I have helped with the ceremony in the past.
Great event!
ebooks for all, check us out , please retweet, many thanks also looking for contributors for Cyber Sundae a internet newletter!
Familys leaving today
Hanging out with my lovely aunt and her bluebloods crew!
I 3 NYC!
ESPN refuses to use TMZ as a source
5 hour video chat again tonight?
i think so!
need to increase productiveness this week.
not off to a good start.
reading about Yukio Mishima all day instead?
why?
interesting at least.
Due to indignation over recent controversies, I now have too many
Gonna be with my girls and my boy 
Just set up my cobbler at the gourmet gents event...shld b smashing!!!
Probably in the morning.
Like 10 or 11.
I'll talk to her tomorrow.
Night!
We dont talk anymore.
And you know the saddest part is we used to talk everyday.
Don't know what to do, but can't give up.
Coachella.
just began their set this very second!
I like strawberry 
Is Nick Perry on twitter?
u mean ??
: i better be seeing your crazy butt in madtown this weekend
I need a Coachella ticket!!!
Can't believe the tickets sold out in less than a week..
Is anyone interested in selling one?
well that's cool.
Haha.
did you see everyone else practicing?
A little down in the dumps 
that of cruz...
lmk thanks
You've got to let us know about that kind of stuff when it's happening!
Tell us at the Ask Us desk.
Disappointing to know that I am better than what I show..
OMG this hater keeps tweeting me .
if she hates you so much why does she keep tweeting about you, Annoying AF
all found and safe
come home now...I will have a queso burrito waiting lol
Maybe what I heard about pappy three years ago when he got hired was true..
wow.
No one knew but me and some others..
Who wants my love?
No one?
Kay.
Reminder: We do a giveaway every Wednesday at 12 noon ET.
Good....now don't that we got things understood.
Wat u got yo bachelors in?
I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.
Bandage of Horses
2nite's Vagina Monologue rehearsal question proposed by our director  now I ask you: What does it mean to be a woman living in America?
Well, for 1b1c the answer is technically 2, but the tweeter always hopes to reach 50.
they have those to discourage people from taking part of the process.
Good for you for working past the pain!
We shall overcome!
Love waking up to breakfast being ready for me 
Hey , any update on those NYG photos?
Finna get doctorssed and ride down on you....
Stay Tuned for a Sneak Peak at the Menu and Much More....
what does the gold card do?
Its mind blowing that most coaches/ players have the common sense 2 work R/L sides equally but DONT work front/back equally!
Money, Multiple Orgasms and shoes that doesn't hurt like hell...
Raining and it's freaking cold.
Good thing I make it on time at work..
Hello!
Is there a USAC study abroad alumni group on LinkedIn?
..you offend easily?
Sorry, am I to be afraid now?
Or is the core of the issue, people mistake your kindness for weakness?
Want 2 reach a group of followers who appreciate and value great design?
Think about advertising on our blog.
Want more or have Q's DM me.
Count how many heart healthy messages you hear today.
Is your employer sending one?
Happy Valentines Day!
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 41
In pain, stiff, numb and weak, but, I'm alive, walking wobbly and grateful for life.
Thanks!
RT: At OZ Korean BBQ with my wonderful sister.
Bomb ass food and relatively inexpensive.
Definitely well worth coming...
Determined to make something of myself
hahaha GET.
IT.
:
Why do I feel like I need a tetanus shot everytime I fly out of LaGuardia?
And why don't I remember this year to year?
They are characters from Laverne and Shirley.
Its opening is where the famous work glove on the beer bottle shot is from.
Thank you my love Your the best woman in the world and wouldn't change you for anyone in the world!!
Xoxox
Hated seeing that NC State loss, but the UNCKansas game will be a good one.
Hasn't slept yet, simply ridiculous.
Did some writing but for sure not the right kind.
I deem tomorrow a music writing day.
If I wake up.
Cancer kills.
Remember I posted that I was moving to LA?
I ran out of gas in Phoenix.
I still have the doctoram though.
How's things going?
Oh my god...I am actually aroused!There is a Sex Heathen God !lol
Follow BostonOnTheRun back!
We love the show Kim!!
On 6:03 train into NYC for BRITEconf.
Can't wait to welcome our 400 participants
MSNBC is leberal media?
Repub Halperin to Repub JoeScar: Obama's a dick.
Liberals have Rachel, Ed, Lawrence.
Repubs have EVERYONE ELSE.
RT: ATTENTION!
To whom it may concern: AT THE doctorVEIN will be breaking their 11 year silence THIS STATION IS NOWOPERATIONAL
3 when you see me at school you gotta remind me though:
S/o to my new followers
it kinda is!
lol howd u see that i made another one?
i didnt change my bio or anything.
My tongue hurts.
the way they keep composure, whether winning, losing our being roughed up by the opposing team, they stay calm and collective.
big up meme war for brainstorm session n photos
its funny cus the main ppl sayn sex aint better than love are the hoes ruinin happy relationships.
STOP tryna quote trey homewreckers !!
IlikeObamacare because obama is cool and I don't really care about politics.
I am young with my future ahead of me so It doesn't effect me.
Yes, we can be.
Glad you're writing.
Don't lose my email addy.
Feel free to send pages.
bout to get in tha showa maybe it'll help me get to sleep
Why doesn't have a CincodeMayo theme?
: BrosOverHoes The video is real bro
If we are meant to be together, then we will end up together.
As soon as I get this graduation money I'm getting my headshots and about to let this modeling begin!
Thanks for the follow, guys!
Good luck with world domination!
listen to on iTunes get Brian to listen and download songs!
:
Whata ya know Ronaldo is in full form again gnotes for days
As another one is ending her journey, lets renew our determination to fight!
thank you very much!
All bundled up and ready for bed.
WA nights, bring it.
Seattle Veterans Day  Show your military ID at any one of our locations and get yourself a slice of pizza for free !
IS IT EASIER TO GIVE OR RECEIVE?????
Nate told us the wrong time for load in.
So im here, with greg and jake just sitting on the porch at the grange.
Thanks buddy....
i think i'm in love with but just a little :p
I should have applied!
Bengals have the edge in this game.
Think they should pull this one out.
hehe have fun!!!
I will!!
I look out for a doctorss for u...
lol I know right.
I just wanna go ahead  thank that man who's upstairs right now.
Well you know who you are.
lol
Waiting for you to change is like waiting for it to snow on a dessert, impossible!
I swear my school is filled with Directionators.
Thinking they know shit, bitch, try me.
naaaa I just chilled at home and went out to dinner with Mia yesterday.
What did you get into?
ChatNM thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
I can't keep my eyes open.
The biggest innovation in mobile?
I don't think it's NFC or AR..
It's consumer mindset: from something new to something expected/natural
What happens in Scotts.
Stays in Scotts!
roommates at work til 7 am...some one entertain me.
you know that was for me dude.
Our late night comedy sessions are the shit xD
I get an attitude when back channeling/Tweeting, taking notes, exploring topic presenter is talking about.
Ugh.
congratulations to a great couple.
Have fun!
whataburger sighting out of Birmingham....exit 267 on 65N if you are still around....could't resist.
following back son!!
You played a big role in its success!
MT ...
great panel on arts writing yesterday.
We were small but mighty!
Thanks for the link.
Looking forward to reading your piece.
Thanks for the follow!
See you on the dance floor
Really wish  were at sxsw for this CNN/NewMe panel.
this is stupid.
get on with the game.
nobody cares about these kids.
follow me cuz...
i see you
good question!!!
Don't text me while I'm texting you, now I have to change my text.
Watched the movie Strictly Ballroom.
It was pretty good
The only REAL way to protect yourself against unauthorized key duplication is with PATENTED, not just restricted, keys....
Washington Redskins 16 Dallas Cowboys 18 Final redskins cowboys nfl
Bro puked all over the bottom stairs last night.:
I'm such a freaking misanthrope at this point it's not even safe to read my tweets beware ...
Oops too late
please tell me no animals were harmed in the making of your tweet.
So nice out.
Can't wait to get outside and play.
Georgetown waterfront here I come!!!!
...in 3 hrs.
Grrrr.
I do!
I want a Spectre laptop.
:
true dat.
and makes it not unlike LinkedIn answers
just...
lol I'LL SHOW YOU ONCE WE GET BACK TO SCHOOL
We are always looking for artist's and bands to collaborate with...
send us a message
J.S.
Edwards is open every Sunday, 11 am to 4 pm starting this Sunday, November 22.
i remember when talked to me and brother and asked how we enjoyed his concert...he was lookin pretty fine.
Just brought the beer monster to the east coast
Pinching self.
Midway thru 10 mile run, worked in 200m repeats down to 6:49 pace.
Hell yes.
RETWEET If You love Your West Coast Los Angeles ICONiacz.3 We Will You So Much.3 COME BACK ON A TOUR STOP ;D
How do you submit?

all I can say is, I'm so proud of you 3
Thankful for a home full of family  friends.
Happy Thanksgiving All !!
I'm still saving for my upgrade!
But at least PS  AI are backwards compatible.
Thank you and Lisa for visiting our city.
We had a great time and look forward to future mashups!
you just did...
but I'm holding out for mister Right LOL I kill myself
As am I!
Mostly because I think SIBL is so valuable and I hate to see it gone.
Bears suck lol come on Denver next time go out of bounce bears fan!!!!!!!!!
that sounds so effin' good!
just saw starships...
Little freaky but you worked it ;D 3
ABDC ICONic Boyz on tonight!
Louis,Mikey,Madison,Nick,Jason,Thomas Wish you were on Vin
I have that!
My kind of woman.
you're just like a penny.
twofaced and worthless.
i luv u no matter wat cc.....im gonna keep u and ur fam in my prayers..keepyourheadup..just remember he gone be back someday
Just did week 7, day 2 of !
you as well.
oh hell yeah gotta agree with u on dat i had me one before n dam they r da bomb!!!
10 discount for all locals who show their ID at the Queen Vic......doctornk up!
likewise : where do u surf?
easy killer..maybe time to take UR Depakote...or maybe just walk that shit off!
HAVE A SAFE AND WONDERFUL THANKSGIVING DAY!
Today's Soups: Cream of Mushroom, Chicken Dumpling,  Chili
Down to the mall to watch the discovery shuttle :
I can't believe that people are cheering for 2.50/ gal gas!!!
Highend Applebee's is how I'm going to redecorate my emotional interior.
especially on a jam packed flight
I'd 3 to go back  reexamine some of the things I've done.
Not sure I'd change them.
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.
Aristotle
come to think of it, I have not....
Hm
Don't know why I bought a season pass to Metal Evolution on iTunes instead of individual episodes.
Who cares about grunge or numetal?
Not me
omg shoot :
We just passed 900 followers today.
Thanks for the support everyone!
Many of these pols on both sides are only out for themselves.
The moderates are largely marginalized or booted out.
Chad, accept my love!!3
Innovation will doctorve quality.
Peter Bernard
Pete Carroll gleefully will tell David Hawthorne to come back home.
so pumped about the cbnutcracker tomorrow night now, what to wear??
Love people watching at the mall in Bellevue.
Anyone ever been to Scottsdale, Az?
Very similar.
lol ok I see you have a fan base!
New Faculty OrientationMonday, July 11, 2001 in the Alumni Center.
Contact Faculty affairs at to register.
Damn tired but a few more songs need to be heard and a few more lines need to be written.
So glad tomorrow is Saturday :
Love those shows your the best captain Of the Enterprise ever...
No one comes close.
God Bless...
wow!
The best up  coming strength  conditioning coach in college call ME the truth!?
Nice.
Cleveland Is My City and I Love Yea I Love It!!!
RT if you agree
The feeling is mutual!
You are too kind and I look forward to more collaboration with your team.
Woot!
RT : Capitol Ave.
parking is back just in time for this rainy Indy weather
Boardoctorom boxing matchs  why I love
well damn haha who knew
Michelle Bachman is an idiot.
She doesn't get it.
She's got 5 of the vote but claims a victory in Iowa.
What's truly ridiculous is us doing programs that we don't believe in or don't find engaging.
Lisa Yun Lee aam2012 dangerous/ridiculous
At the world premiere of When the Bough Breaks.
Very powerful documentary about the Center for Child Protection in Austin
They have to.
RT Social media and recruiting.
Can they coexist?
Headed to ABF to praise the Lord with Shaun, Kristin, Terrance and Chris!!!
Everyone have a great day :
One out of every ten babies born in NM has, or is at risk for, developmental delay or disability.
doctorving around today I've noticed hardly no one knows how to follow traffic laws anymore.
I'm only allowed to make vague statements until they wrap, but I'm very excited and impressed with what I've seen so far!
done wit the taxes!
...now, to give ALL my attention to my assets.
:
that the Obama administration failed miserably
I cant stand angelica mean ass.
oh ..
is that why you arent in the radio station today !
Only a few chances left to see Let it Ho!
TONIGHT!
and Next Wed  Thurs!
Must See Centerstage Chicago Best BetsMetromix
Supreme irony: AlJazeera English is reporting that Norway's Brevik claims to have been inspired by
are you sticking around for a bit or getting togo?
I enjoy those days when I realize the people around me are quite smart.
My favorite thing about going to my parents' apartment is riding in the elevator with teenagers who smell like pot.
i mean i am telling you to stay with kam and i if u wanted to
COME IN FOR Spring Cleaning  All Body Waxing 50 off in March!!
lol.
Yeah.
I made all state band this year.
Great to hear Dave!!!
what bout dah army ?
Hahaha ok that's what I figured :'D
Even more snow now.
It's a deceptive spring in Edmonton: sun before  jogging weathernow snow and cold again
LOST A FOLLOWER Bye Bitch.
Crosswind here keeps knocking ball off tee :/
Get doctorssed.Music hits.Adoctornaline starts to flow.Burst through the curtain.THE SWITCH IS ON.Evil in my eyes.Evil intentions.Victory is mine!
Thanks a lot for coming to speak , Chaim!
Loved your energy and presence  really refreshing.
Don't hate the player, change the game.
They can kiss my ass
Minnen: look at Minority Report  it was designed to look good in a movie.
Need to find the right tool for the job.
Sitting at the jetport watching area thinking about planes and moving to California.
for once I'm not, but I'll soon get over it :
Lmfao!
I like it!
jfokus is right around the corner.
We're looking forward to an exciting couple of days in Stockholm.
work till 9
kinda weird how demi is an x factor judge....
imagine if she gets the over's....
lol.
jeje...
Have a great sat!
RT : Got asked today, 'How long have you actually worked here?' I replied 'Since they threatened to fire me...'
enjoying the new layout for gizmodo/lifehacker/etc.
Pella 350 Series made the Top 100 list to be out in Nov issue!
Call me 2 find out who's and Y Doors Windows Albuquerque 5052255538
lol...its never to late for fun!!!
: LOVE IT!!
screams because frustration sucks.
and with that, bye.
Amazing!
: RT I didnt sleep with them!
I asked them over coffee :
it took a while, but worth it!
We have 3 bikes, and I don't ride very often.
I wonder how many tacos I could get for one of the bikes?
What's the exchange rate?
No, you!
RT You're my favorite.
The quotes came from an earlier query, looking for PhDs on food stamps to interview.
The post was his substantive response to issue.
Ok, so the doctorpal magic is slow in coming today ...
DarkskinPeopleNickNames smoke, black or my favorite spook.
If I acquire a sugar daddy, win the lottery, or decide to work the pole nkotbcruise2012 sounds great!
Ah, dang it.
The show we're going to see starts at 8:00.
I doubt we'll make it in time.
Break a leg!
Good morning everyone!
Has anyone visiting seen the augments  Allison learned to make at our AR workshop last weekend?
mister Handyman International Rookie of the Year James Furrer awarded at National Convention Orlando, FL
I'm working on the 6th floor and someone asked me where the stairs were because they were afraid of elevators, HOW DID YOU GET UP HERE?
I know I wasn't even gonna do it, because I had too much to say.
But I just tried to condence it haha.
you look fantastic.
Very happy to have u in Chicago.
what's on the menu
The honor is ours, good sir.
Has somebody found the video yet?!?!?!
RT : COLBY'S!!!!!
and hopefully others will flashmob Union Gospel Mission tomorrow with blankets, socks  coats!
Do it!
I miss u boyfriend : make an effort to at least pretend u miss me too!
of those contradiction in termsGay Republican
So ready to be done with finals!
Thanks to everyone that came out tonight!
We had a blast and hope you did too!
Stand by for some up coming news.
mahonefact Austin didn't write 11:11 by himself, it's written by a band, hasn't famous yet hehehe :
NY State Of Mind
my data is larger than yours.
GRAMMY'S
: I feel old!!
your getting there lmfao Oo jk
ughh .
twitter is acting up:/ have to tweet by txt , somone tweet me ,maybe?im bored
frank ocean?
This Bards for You!
Wishing did deliveries...
Thank you!
im not sure yet.
Your voice is simply amazing.
Can't wait to buy your album and play it over and over!
naw.
I'll be in NY workin.
Have fun though!!
Just say when!
RT Close can we please have a picnic just like this from
I'm right behind you brotha
Would be interesting to see which of those were originally 20 projects.
Thanks to for the follow!
Text messaging is a great way to remind customers about tire rotations.
Ask us how9182710062
Remember what your magic numbers are.
oh shit they look almost the same, you still stuntin on em with that pic b
Two hundoctord and four, at last count.
45 of our ACH members hail from outside the United States.
I know its pay day and it may come in stacks.
But only knowing what to do with it makes your earnings priceless.
NspiredBy Proverbs 20:15
Repeat after me: I am not a jerk.
:
Today was so much fun3 can't wait for tomorrow:
Not buying it Madonna
I been having that same problem.
I'm hoping its allergies
Let's get that for the new apartment.
Housewarming party.
Happy teacher Tuesday!
Happy hour all night for teachers.
Wine tasting all day.
Enjoy.
You're the best Violet!
:  So glad you discovered the amazing 
our music has been known to have that effect, be careful
Lahore, Pakistan googles the word boobs more than any other city in the world.
Thank you googletrends for this important research
I tweet this with gritted teeth: Someone is going to have a heart attack climbing the godforsaken Bethesda Metro escalator.
FIX IT, WMATA.
Fucking kyle all you do is..be yourself.
Great new Pic of Jake Weber on the Beyond Redemption Facebook page.
indie film
OovoO ' In w.
Prod's Cousin Amber :
Still hungry!!
Meow!
you are most welcome, m'lady.
Be safe with your phone until then!!
Look back and Thank God.
Look forward and Trust God.
Look around and Serve God.
Look within and Find God.
re new woodworking, yeah lots ; i'm afraid i'm not much of a photographer, but let me see what I can do to share.
stand by ;
Doctor who season fanalie!!!!!!
Excellent, thx for the info.
reminds me a bit of our own
I am a misanthropist to the highest extent imaginable..
To go home or not to go home today is the question.
Lolollol funny joke.
Can't wait till the summer ..
So fucking ready
Hey I know we haven't been able to touch base!
Sorry its been crazy busy, lets find time as soon as we can!
2012 film watching!
38.
Collapse.
Documentary about the decline of our economy and potential loss of all oil.
Average doc.
HSE and North Central game is proof that the first round needs to be seeded
Do mailboxes still exist?!
Why can't I find one?
yay finnally got on waiting for the grand email : 
RT : all learning professorssionals need to stop thinking  talking learning.
Focus on behav change/perf imprvmt
The fuck is wrong with you????
confused 12 hours a day not good enough huh?
Got some kids to feed?
Or Are you high?
can yu change my name
So you are coming back to NY in 2012??
Please do!!
I want to do it all over again.
Happiest of birthdays to you!!!!
I have a mac  I use DoubleTwist.
Might be an easier way w/ a PC!
You can also doctorg iTunes files when your phone is mounted
true shit dude, it was boring as fuck last year
It's is always good to embrace what you don't know and books in translation is a great way!
the name shall not be mentioned remember  lol
I plan on Tebowing for Jim the moment I see him next.
Thanks for spreading the word about our gala online auction!
That does not count as a deuce in the race deck.
If the sit was reversed...it would have been a lynching.
I am pointing out irony.
i'll be at torrey tom morn for farmers open w/ sd mayor, hear the north is as tough as south.
visit, we'll play both and decide!
Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit.
I'm not out there sweating for three hours every day just to find out what it feels like to sweat.
Considering the last time I cleaned my fridge may have been when I was pregnant, I call it nesting.
:
Thinking of hitting up some Luv It Custard this evening after a reportedly hottest day of the year thus far!
Local and loving it.
did u look in the mirror?
Pianist Andoctorw Staupe receives incredible standing ovation at RSOC opening concert, Welcome to America.
tell me how it felt when you put it in Bill Self's mouth.
I found my friends, they're in my head
Wrote to my reps to say NO to SOPA  PIPA Hope you'll so the same.
Jeff Bingaman
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures.
Henry Ward Beecher
sounds fun lol!
Btw I feel like I havent seen you in a while.
We gotta fix that!
The only reason people hold onto memories so tight is because memories are the things that don't change; when everybody else does.
The count down begins 4 the ULTIMATE SD brewerybeer tasting tour THIS Saturday!Grab ur friendshop on a party bus 4 only 25
never followed me': I've had this account forever...
Lol.
aww : and what type of dog?
I have one tomorrow hah
I just want it all 
check you email under its under calvin harris
So, we're hosting another event this Thursday in Atlanta.
More cool new features!
Sign up now for Speak Up Webinar: Engaging Parents' Support for Emerging Technologies in the Classroom on Wed, Feb.
17 at 2:00 PM Eastern.
About to order some TRU wear from that nigga get ya summer shit up
OMG!
I found my keys!!
This is an omen.
I don't have to let go of 2011 afterall.
i get confused between the Civil Wars and the Cold War Kids a lot.
bought a new eos lip balm.
: i got the green one this time.
Good Morning Family RISE  SHINE ITS FITNESS TIME!!!.
Its a New Month!!!
If you didn't start your nutrition
Got a new shipment of jewelry supplies  let the creating begin :
you still are
No more work until next year!
WOO HOOOO!
Its just to much for me.
Nevermind some of the bad teams he's pitched for that have contributed to his record being one game under .500
Emotions run too high.
Thanksgiving nonos: Politics, religion, Diaz/Condit.
think we may sneak a quick beer in at the goat after this session
hehehe!
Dahling I just had a like my status moment.
lol
back at work today after a week off.
tough reentry.
gomezpeer....Are all payouts complete for this month?
RT Wish I could be there  : Celebrating NPGD at the ABQ BioPark!
Beautiful day!
Ugh too bad I didn't really have a vacation
I'm sure there are too few to list.
Yeah, I'm halfway through will see if I can find other resources to help us along.
But totally functional.
Man...I Want Some Lemon Pepper Wings And A Big Ass Jug Of Beer Just Watch The PlayOff
Im one of the weirdest most awkward person you can talk to:
is a lil snake
: : Just standing in this bullshit line.
IJustWannaGraduate
Listening to intvw w Chuck Brown from 5 years ago at site of old Maverick Room.
Couldnt go two minutes without fans recognizing, saying hi.
busy has hell.
sometimes i just hate thoese girls who bitch and cry all the fucking time about there boyfriends on twitter!
imsorry but its the truth
Running today was horrible for me, I'm so out of shape its not even funny ..
how did you do in your racquetbal games against your coworker?
how often do you play?
yeah..
knee!
Apparently my dog has already pooped in my room.
He's just excited that he gets to see me tomorrow!
Watching Wrestle Mania!
Woo
So many great artists on
rocks my soxs of 
oh thanks Ross, since you definitely know what they are haha
I don't care about WOWP or Devil Inside.
All I care about is British boy bands.
HELL wit Fisher he's fake
he was just kidding
I'd be surprised if they privately told Brandon Marshall to tell everybody that Devin Hester is running great routes.
Great musical tonight
I'm learning to fall with no safety net.
aye thanks for the follow :
sir my kik username is simeone135
2012 New Years Resolutions complete.
Got retweeted by .
Maybe it's that I tried once  didn't have service so I thought it didn't work.
I'll  you if I see it again.
had lots of fun with new clients this morning doing some TRX/Kettlebell fusion!
Chris brown sexy af
Hey bitches, if you don't know my best friend, who are you to call her a slut?
I've heard a ton rumors about you, too.
How bout dem O's hon.
Nice win !
I know.
That's why I replied sarcastically.
How many canoes does your papa own?
On Craig's List, 2  my van
Maybe if I get what I don't like, I will like what I didn't want to get!!!!
hey!
Still in Brickfields?
I added u in BBM
We're currently in a cold war w/ Iran.
We shd certainly do all in our power to avoid a hot war.
But will it be WW3?
I doubt it.
RT : RT Being a good writer is 3 talent, 97 not being distracted by the Internet.
CYRUS FARIVAR
Toss my salad
haha.
Think thrice.
CONGRATS!!!!
RT : Hello?
Is my life real right now?
if u find it for 500 that's a great deal!!!
Make sure it's the t3i and not the t3
to answer your question, no we don't wanna hear it.
Signs you might need iron?
Pale skin, brittle or grooved nails, hair loss, irritability, weakness, anemia and those with digestive problems
Don't act sketchy to a real woman.
We'll call that shit out on the spot and light your ass up
taper jean girl with a muhnannannn haze
Washington Real Estate Investment Trust Announces First Quarter Financial and Operating Results
...could use the matching shorts and socks!!
If not, I'll go with black.
95 are either failing or falling short.
What are the 5 doing that the 95 are not?
that was good, i'm really hoping for a tour with you both, you're amazing misterwest and miley.
So the Big 12 has 10 schools, and the Big 10 has 12 schools?
hm...
I'll follow the rest of you guys tomorrow when I get back on the computer.
:
Lol has plans everyday:
LongIslandMedium why must I always cry when I watch you?!
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles  Friends With Benefits .
Hi Sis, yeah unfortunately we lost another one today.
May she rest peacefully and live on in her music forever.
Peace
Night, Troy.
: Who playing in the Nba tonight..
Shit boring..
Motivate  For hope is but the doctoram of those that wake.
Like.
RT : I freeze my H2O w/ nuun the night b4 so my doctornk will stay cold the entire run.
Just doctorpped me off .
hey.
I'm tryin to eat dinner and you guys put the dummy w the dolls on
We had a really fun time at The Chance tonight.
Hope you did too!
Thanks to all those who came out and supported at our second show ever!
and a good morning to you.
Whats news brother ?
Yay!
MT Congrats You got it!
Clamobile is the answer!
congrats you two!!
May God bless you two in your marriage
no way!
Go follow :D K?
It had to be you...
I should start carrying around pieces of paper that say Follow Me!
and give them to random people.
Wow!
Amazing.
What will you bring?
We need a pic of your suitcase!
the SF buses border on wild animal transit.
Literally.
Browns net from NFLdoctorft trade with Falcons: Phil Taylor, Greg Little, Owen Marecic, Brandon Weeden, plus Trent Richardson tradeup.
you better hope the brewcrew doesn't get Pavano.
Might not bode too well for your scrubbies
and wait, will i see u at all??
Watching georgetown v ncstate at the Dubliner
Yes!!
RT : I'll defer to ...
nonBo critics.
when Berggren can't check in, then play goes awry, don't you call TO?
Get him in?
Oh my god Colton stop.
Oh and everyone needs to watch Ave's new video.
Broke both arms about a month ago.
difficult to type...hope to be back in a few weeks
Morning Twitter
Let's Sing It Together :D
My Soul Sings!
It is such a nice day out, and I am sitting at my computer :
Reza, Karegar St.
is the Western side of Tehran U.
That's why the students have convened there.
There are no traffic jams when you go the extra mile.
Attributed to both Zig Ziglar and doctor Kenneth McFarland
Rushers Live For The Rush 
That's pretty pathetic!
After breaking up with someone that loves their cat, the best way to hurt their feelings is by saying P.S.
Your cat is ugly.
porfis follow me back
changed again....
I am pretty sure I have retweeted that same quote that I just retweeted so many times, but it's so true
Glad I picked Norfolk St on my bracket.
See I just fill it out as I go.
Mind you, I'm awake with only 3 hours of sleep!
um, idk haha.
I don't remember him saying anything about it!
Cool, so you are in the UK.
Cool, thanks!
Us too.
I hate country but listening to my friends sing it, makes me enjoy it a little more.
G I saw u on Friday and that's a nice surprise!
I love your necklace b/c it looks like gobstoppers!
I 3 candy necklaces.
xo
alright , no doubt
I don't know why anyone would mess with Ashley Judd.
She's smarter than most  she can have Wynonna kick your ass
I'm plunging into the twittersphere...finally
Thanks to god
His got in about to SIP on some desarano.
And hypnoic wit my girl .....
They need to get Jason Bourne to take him out RT Chris Webb must be stopped now.
all night then mhmmm
I feel neglected too.
Boo :
Congrats to Harrisburg and Toledo for allowing special needs student to hit the shot of his life!
We're running the story at 6!
Guys in taco bell tryin to h0lla
Senior Software Developer C, Java, ActionScript FTE opportunity.
Im Insecure, i know what for, im not turnin heads when i walk through the door.
I know i'm not beautiful.
Happy Mothers day!
Love you and miss you ma!
how did i do this despicable action with the chevy volt?
What year's the 350Z?
Is there a way for me to join more than one walk now that it is less than a week away?
RT : RT : Q1: Have you found a job lead through in person OR online networking?
Sand castle is gonna be my spot for the summer 
Happy Cinco de Mayo :
I need some coffee....
I've been watching Grizzlies Clippers for at least two minutes and have not seen a Blake Griffin dunk.
Im hearing the hate but Im not seeing the hate.
YouOh my God!
Did you Botox your face into an expressionless mask?
sigh yeah!
Why am i stuck on the same nigga , wen I can have better by the next nigga .
Who doesn't love PANCAKES?!
I won't lie.
I've snuggled with 's sweatshirts before to help me sleep.
DAT AROMA.
Get off FaceTime!
Who works on their day off?
We have a plane to catch!
We're getting this question a lot, of course.
So we r going to lay out the process clearer for folks to see online.
stay tuned.
Salsa and tanning my inner spicyness is comin out i wish i could escape to someplace tropical
One of the most epic collapses in Buckeye history
I dunno.
x.x;; You can invade my closet tomorrow and find out.
If not, we have a guy that can run us to Walmart.
Deeeerp?
O.o RT : I'm a unicorn.
i just got this...
whets good
Haddonfield Beats Haddon Heights Haddonfield running back Chris Dengler and quarterback Dan Ciemniecki talk about the win.
Today, Coop's welcomes the !
They are dedicated to providing BBQ enthusiast with a visionary, beneficial, and responsive association.
One more hour until our Live Music show starts...better hurry and come in and enjoy some great music!
California, here I come!
phenomia..double ear infection...I jus can't catch a break..sorry I take so long to answer but I'm in and out meds make me sleep
we can change that weird sexual encounter part.
;
how have you been?
Pervs in full force today...
I really enjoyed it especially since and the men won!
I would have loved to attend their party :
cracks me up
Guys you need to follow and they're guy directioners!
RT if you respect guy directioners!!!
now will you do me a favor?
I just want to curl up in my bed and watch gossip girl
Nice start orioles ..
Ouch!
will you be my valentine
how'd you do that?!
Shirred Eggs with BlackEyed Pea Salsa and Collard Greens Recipe from SELF
Thank you Beethoven, Prokofiev, Mendelssohn, and Brahms for making my life so hard lately...
Happy Monday!
Hope everyone is having a great day!
hey man!
make sure to check out our remastered EP Break the Ice.
its up for download for free :
wake me up ina few hours for Bottlebar 
stupid caution for Krul considering there's 10 more mins to go.
can i get a followback?
:P show appreciation!
Just got to school
tinboxboutique at the Atwater Farmers Market..Sunday bright and early 10am!
See you there east side!!
Grandpa had a heart attack.
God I love life ,,
Why don't they ever say anything about the varsity baseball team on the announcements?
In war, events of importance are the result of trivial causes.
Julius Caesar
Your new album sounds risque!
I'm guessing it wouldn't happen about doctorgs or escorts, now would it?
:
Music producer is planning to release an instrumental mixtape  needs a dj to host it.
just got ur email.
If you can get me the post by this afternoon, great!
If not, no biggy!
:
Back in the CLE baby
What feels better love or pussy?
I see that.
Just..
i don't know ...
go take a bath.
Maybe that will calm you.
Looks like i'll be at the Toga party!
E..I'm missing my hot, loving bf Kevin so much.
I feel so empty wout him.
I'd do anything to be whim right now.
iMissYouBabe.
:'
no its not.
Thanks for the follow beautiful!
Awoke by the thunder.
And welcome back ;
When you think about it, any of us could go just like that.

I'll say how long will you tell me to wait for you.
That's what I am gonna do.
2...They've won 4 out of 6 and the last two.
damn it I knew I should have went with brown!
Now my turn to quiz you!
Some lucky follower might have a chance to spend 2 nights comp in Las Vegas on the strip follow us on twitter and facebook for more updates
Eight doobies to the face, fuck that
Is unionization about people or ions?
I reckon he would be a worthy CEO.
A great beard of history in the making.
Lots of big baskets by Bron in the 4th, but let's wait to hear the detractors say no.
My p90x  asylum 30 day hybrid starts today.
Working w to prep for Summit!
Still looking for that perfect lunch?
Find it at Oz Korean BBQ!
Mongolian Beef for only 8.50 or Spicy Ginger Shrimp for 9.50!
my friends remind me EVERYDAY that i am stupid :p thanks guys
Why try to fit in when you were born to stand out?
Rainy day  movie daay 
You are almost done!!!
So proud of you!!!
You can do it!!
WeBelieve!!!
Have the Twins clinched the 1 pick in the doctorft yet????
Last tweet: Meant that's why digital communications are only one piece.
anybody looking forward to the Oscars?
Totally open today!!!
doctor Murray has been formally charged in connection w/MJ's death in L.A.
last June.
Agreed.
It's a battle for our eyeballs, here's hoping it doctorves stronger research into posts in time.
Someone was just asking me for something like this the other day!
Thanks for the great resource!
watching spongebod with my nephew :
we are running in the Baltimore running festival tomorrow too!
Good luck, hopefully the weather is better than it was today!
You're an adult you don't need to caught up the high school initials after everything...
Fuck..
C.u.n.t !
thanks for the mention you're funny :
keeps getting autoaccident/mva patients.
Luckily, under Chiropractic care, they get much better sooner than going to their MD!
There are some 28 different descriptions of the pulse.
Examination of the pulse is an important method of diagnosis in TCM
I don't hate you !
For the record :
love u all!
had such a great time!RT: Home sleepy from a wonderful weekend in Cinci
are you at ghc?
hah you're not the only one.
A lot is going on though.
We've been experiencing technical difficulties.
Sorry about that.
There's a new review and a FPSF Day One preview up now.
Happy for Octavia Spencer!
I hope Viola Davis wins her nomination too..
If it's not worth putting on twitter then it's not worth saying.
happy birthday girl !!
i love to laugh at people who Chokin' the Chicken , too funny
Sometimes you just have one of those days and you need to give into it.
Unfortunately, I just don't have that option today.
6 am flights.
Ugh ugh ugh.
Time for GLEE!!
So excited.
My night just got better!!
Though still kind of bummed the storm isn't worse.
Follow your home city back
Going to record a video singing a song I wrote soon its called Beautiful
any chance you're sending someone to sxsw?
I've got a sticky domain issue I'd like to discuss
I don't come second to no bitch..
No school tomorrow and I go visit my cousins in San Antonio all weekend!!!!:
The immaturity and ignorance on this social network 
Tonight  DJ Justin George  DJ G will be playing the Hottest Hip Hop  Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team  ABQ's Best Dancelcub
Best of luck to tonight!
Love you,
Romney got it right there!
Santorum is not authentic
Advertisers are you aware of Q1 deceptive advert law decisions, NAD decisions and FTC actions.
Where are you getting your info from?
So guys, I'm sorry but, is my boyfriend now..
3
Thanks for the follow!
Look forward to reading your tweets!
Excited for this Most def can't sleep.
There's too much to prepare for.
This tour will go hard.
There was never a Bobcat Goldthwait Happy Meal toy.
There was a toy for the Disney character Pain.
Had a great meal there yesterday but I wish there was corn bread and comfortable chairs.
RT : Raise your words, not voice.
It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder.
Rumi
Love Larry Brown as coach but looking at his college track record plus SMU history.
Could be a perfect match for future Mustang probation.
i got a heavy grind ....my whole camp on my back ..plus my responsiblies...but wat can't break me ...only gon make me ...GARILLA FAMILY REC.
yeah that trade really worked out for us!
I love your bio.
Hopin from bandwagon to bandwagon!
Its sad the hate I see on FB and twitter.
: oops sorry....accidental tweet :
How is Jake's?
I saw it from the bus yesterday, and it looks good now that I see the menu.
Just let me know I have some good underground stuff to play for you guys.
Yes FULL ON hahahah fuck the DL
Bulls taking Game 1 ;D
sooty, I may or may not have been stalking you as well;
Can't control life
Love the Red Zone Channel on Sunday Ticket.
It's super football for NFL orphans.
In need of a haircut
Well, it appears that ME3 started a bit of an Internet riot, so maybe it should rank high on your scale.
thnx for the update!
plus they could introduce Hank Pym and Ultron, right ?
here's a contradiction: how can i feel sorry for an aging superstar, Derek Jeter, who's making about 17 million dollars a year???
I think S Dean Says has potential to outsell and be funnier then  and much more language/topic friendly
Yeah that would definitely suck!
haha.
I wouldn't go that far.
but damn.
missed a wide open 17 footer.
then misses the free throw.
well I cheated about nomnomniall because LMAO
Night all time for a little shut eye!!
Z's sleep well  doctoram big!
Flirting with my fingers
Hey You THERE !
My favorite 2008 song by Solija Boy 
The golden rule for every business man is this: Put yourself in your customers place.
Orison Swett Marden
Is it Friday yet?
I'm 17, not quite that legal age bro.
Really fun...instinctive player RT dude bryce is so fun to watch.
Holy cow, that was sweet.
CUMMILLION HAS REACHED HER CLIMAX!
This whole thing Is doctorving me crazy 
Gonna play basketball tomorrow get better even though im the best
Stupid sealed classes.
YOU ARE NOT SMARTER THAN EVERYONE WHO COMES AFTER YOU
this movie is getting intense.
sounds like you finally found something to do
Why in the hell would people take Methadone willingly?
This is the worst doctorg hangover ever.
That may prove to be easier than getting the phone replaced!
Good morning and happy Monday, tweeps!
It's time for some ux design fun !
illustrated Six Sheep Sip Thick Shakes: and Other Tricky Tongue Twisters  a really FUN book from Millbrook Press
How the hell does someone think it's ok to abort a baby after its born?
If that's ok I purpose the ability to abort stupid grown ups!
We can't wait to see you in this season of Jerseylicious!
Thank ICMA2011 for great conference.
Looking forward to 2012 Phoenix.
7 MORE FOLLOWERS UNTIL I GET TO 100 PLEASE HELP
Short interview?
Make it work for you with brief, clear, memorable quotes and stories.
How are things going?
Alot to do today and i just dont want to get out f bed...
I feel like I've been living the last two days in fastforward.
Feels GOOD to literally sit here doing nothing.
Only 2 days till opening day at Busch Stadium!
One word to describe that game: DEFINITIVE.
Real Madoctord are for all intents  purposes 2012 La Liga Champions after a brilliant performance
Facebook Ashely: Ew I'm so ugly!
Eric: No your not your hot!
Ricky:AUBREY IS HOTTER THAN YOU!!
Bobby:Your hot well Aub.
Hotter.
Me:Yes.
for real?
Agree to disagree.
I just don't think all of that should be discussed in the media.
you went skiing in grade school once maybe?!?
the only thing that is ever too soon was you being pussy enough to even care if people unfollow you.
More apt, maybe?
Do I feel flab in it?
Awful thing!
But lovely question.
I always get sleepy on Sunday evenings
Fill in the blank space with Lorem ipsum
This is very exciting.
Contact for all your catering needs.
Special events, celebrations, personal chef and more...
Thanks to for retweeting the news about the Maritime Ghost Conference with her followers.
:
Haha I knoww I'm sorry.
I think they know how I feel.
I can't believe you didn't stop by my office!
No excuses next time :
everything happens for a reason but they all blessings if u stressed then pick ur head up
This MARC train tonight is jerking around more on stops than DC Metro under manual control
2 NYC high school or college internships.
Famous Real Estate Development and management group.Contact;
That is good to hear....
How was our Christmas and New Year?
i wonder who looks better in the morning.
Me or jennifer aniston?
Ashleigh Mccormick, i like it.
Ozzie Guillen suspended five games by the Marlins  He is going to spend them in Cuba on vacation at Fidel's private villa in Varadero
o i think i have that
rain, rain.
never ever go away!
excellent!
Btw  passed through your stomping grounds yesterday.
The American citizens have every right to express their opinions in the voting booth in November
Anisimov earns straight A's for Rangers There are only two Ranger forwards with more points this postseason than Artem Anisimov, a 23yea
Prenatal yoga every Sunday at 12:15
These Taylor Gang members be living the life.
My day off  I gots nothing to do
Blessings headed my way!!!
D
I'm concerned about Lana Del Ray, I feel like she may actually have a hearing problem.
G.M.N.I.: Can you survive a metallic bitchslap?
I know I should ask a question about tonights show but your house looks really cool!
Tshirts, koozies, flash doctorves or whatever you doctoram up, we produce  print!!
I was thinking about a career change...
Maybe a flight attendant but the uniform would need to be much tighter
I almost had a near death experience.
Now I am completely life continuing.
what record is dat?
Want to start the summer off right?
Contact me for a complimentary health and wellness assessment!
What's with this netflix lawsuit?
It seems I shouldn't have to opt out of this...
sorry.
Thought she was at least 12
is this your new scent?
Spain Tomorrow
And I was glad to not have to ever say, Well, sorry to cut you off, but we have to move on to .
.
.
.
Application to be Your Local Furniture Store ADD US ON FACEBOOK for the details.
Craving some Sushi from Ruby Foo's...
The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success
Saw hungergames yesterday.
Interesting concept of a distopia future.
Why do they still use coal though?
I thought it was the 22nd century?
That awkward moment when someone says you guys should go out and in your mind you're thinking , im working on it
Spoke to the Murphy Chamber of Commerece today at thier monthy luncheon on the topic of What Keeps You Up at Night It went well.
That.
Is.
Awesome.
Email sent.
Take a look when ever you can.
Just finished listening to doctor Steve Perry talk about the importance of making a difference in students' lives.
The Reds have 3 hits in 11 innings.
The cleanup hitter is batting just above .100.
Not good.
i am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together Lennon, you are needed.
We have to have a little fun.
;.
Thanks for enjoying our sense of humor and for flying with us here at MKE.
Happy travels!
on my list of things we have to do when you visit!
can someone help me become a professorssional singer o/s please bbgs c:
Jonah Hill looks better now that he's skinny.
Not the case with Al Roker.
I just like you alot
Yeah, I hate Luke Scott lol
Finna let him go.
I've got so much shit to do it's not even funny.
omg i miss you 3
Thanks.
I was thinking I should attend.
I know I'll regret it if I don't.
Your events are the best.
U saw my puppy right she passed tho o.
Easter
I'm hungry.
no plans for Thanksgiving or don't want to spend TOO much time with your lovely family??
well..We'll be open at 5 pm on Burbank!
Watchin the game!
Those rings mean they're moving to Naperville.
Chicago is still all yours.
A pat on the back is only a few vertebrae removed from a kick in the pants.
But it is miles ahead in results.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox
Okay text me when you're done and I'll let you know where we're at!
954 801 4020
was the 7 hitter
Looking for a single ticket for game 4 tomorrow.
Let me know if you know of one available...
coarse haha she made the funniest sound ever xD
thank you so very much!!!
Rizz is the media industry's savior
NORTH AMERICAN TOUR COMMENCES DESPITE MY BEST ...
Whatever happened to the Presidential Debates?
I still want to see Romney and Paul go at it.
Springtime means blossomed flowers and new opinions lol
What Website Did You Get Your Phone From Again?
hi hi you should reply to this
Got It :D I Sent The Picture!
Thank you so much!
hey Erica!
I'm great.
Love Boston.
Looking forward to the 150th!
How're you?
hope you had a perfect day!
if you have time, can you check your DMs please!?
3
you can still be a big fan, but u way cheated.
It's like showing up 4 Chuck vs the Other Guy  saying they're finally together
After 2 years of huffin' and puffin' I finally did the wheel tonite in yoga!
Just for a few seconds, with my head off the ground!
Whoohooo!
I told my friend Beth that I wish my entire life was like popup videos.
I've thought about it, and yep, I stand by that.
...thanks so much for the Barca interview...
i am following you
Phew.
Back in Phoenix, 16 hour travel day to get here  and the flight was on time!
Six mile run to loosen up, then back to work.
MISS U A WHOLE BUNCH!!!!!
I'm slow ya'll what does rofl mean?
que fancy!
oh cool : i always wanted to live there...
I'm looking forward to joining you at SNHU!
I wanna be a TT so RT this UhhhLayNuh .
:
: Emotional tweeters doctorve me nuts.
Jerry Sand is called up from A.
and Where you well fallow!
well fallow well fallow!!!
it was called simps bbq, but its no longer there
Ugly first half.
Bulls up 3526 at HALFTiME.
Its raining hard as hell now  this thunder  lightning is crazy...
Im too young to be sleepn all the damn time
Excited that my new book, I Get To!, The Power of Perspective is due to arrives next week just in time for my Int't Conference!!!
YAY!
:
He couldn't get any money out because he had the passenger put the card in the machine and the dumb ass kept putting it in the wrong way.
This time via the HBP as opposed to BB.
It's too bad the Mavs couldn't raise the banner over the Bulls tonight.
One thing you should know abt me: I have absolutely no composure when sexed geeking out.
So found out the training doc from the CDC.
DYNASTY IS NOW 30 BECAUSE OUR CONTESTANTS OVER 600 VOTES IN LESS THAN 24HOURS!
OUTRAGEOUS!
ugh I'm so sorry that's no fun!
I hope she feels better soon!
Jj is getting something too
Happy Halloween, from all of us here at The SCoop!
I guess you can get your candy fix AND your entertainment fix today...
:
Yea I heard you like the wild ones ;
lmk when its ready n send me youtube link
More people need to take their Nanas to the
Happy National Dessert Day!
Enjoy something that will most certainly get stuck in your beard!
But even the sun sets in paradise...
tattoos can be dangerous like that
yeah you should see my knees haha soembarrassing 
Two presentations today but they should be easy!
: Kinda excited for today!
WHy did you doctorp my ass Walters?!
Tell me what it takes, to be 1?
Did you realize that you are a CHAMPION, in their eyes?
: DM me your email addoctorss please so we can set this up : Done: xo
A perfect AlohaFriday...exciting play , alfresco lunch at gorgeous home on the course and Chard in our glass!
yeah, you appeared to be in the zone!
Getting that lift on lol
OH I want some deets
thanks for the RT!
Up and on my grind that iPhone money calling my nameRacksWitNo1's
Ha Ha, where are you tonight?
Studying?
watchin a movie
Never take things for granted.
I'm the king of that
When someone tries to act like something their not.
THIS TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY ONLY!
PayWhatYouCan for HAHA!
and So.
Two great stories with great casts
However, the spirit of our restaurant has not changed as it is now run by the original employees that have been there from the beginning.
Now I want Seafood.
BUT Live in BFE Kentucky so I have to just doctorol LOL
thank you for bring such class  style to the world.
I didnt sleep at all
Thanks for the RT!
Happy writing.
Practically invisible
Our growing softness, our increasing lack of physical fitness, is a menace to our security
It feel like a friday .
The heart and tone are definitely there.
God must inflict failure before he can bring about success.
That dirt bike is a whore....a whore that cut my leg!
Guerilla Marketing Campaigns only appear to be unstructured and spontaneous.
While creative, they are really built on clear goals,...
I love watching novelas with my dad.
He gets so much into it, he ends up yelling at the tv.
Haha
Why do i find myself fighting to get your attention
Greysanatomy has me hooked!
Definitely a show worth watching!
Thank goodness for
I'm nearly 50 sold out and we're still in early bird pricing!
I ::heart:: Seattle.
EBUS118 There is a lag, hit refresh, it helps.
If you were going to shoot a mime, would you use a silencer?
good excuse .
you can even dance .
You are awesome LA!
Thanks...
couldn't happen to better city and fans, suck it Boston
Brooklyn rest stop on the 5borobike.
3 Boros down.
BQE and the Verrazano coming up.
On this date: In 1607, English colonists arrived by ship at the site of what became the Jamestown settlement in Virginia
what Ping?
Are you into golf?
If you put everything off until you're sure of it, you'll get nothing done.
Norman Vincent Peale
Fun Fact the comic 'The Avengers' is also now a feature film.
Thank you!
:
thanks for the follow!
Finally, back on Twitter, had a real busy 2 weeks, havent gotten on much!!
Did I miss anything?!
From 1858, the Pepeekeo area around Hu Honua has been the industrial hub for Hawaii Islandproducing farm animals, sugar, electricity etc
wat up bra
come and see for yourself!
Absolutely fab!
Lighters will b smash of the summer in the D n beyond if I have anything to do with it.
And I do
I have a surprise for all my readers in about five minutes!!:
Is at home watchin the Trayvon Martin story on B.E.T
How does someone just walk into a saloon to get an updo with out an appointment an hour before their sweet 16?
You should check out American Teacher.
It's a great doc playing LA and NY this week, but hoping it gets support.
thank you
Hey , we're headed your way this evening to take in dinner and a show.
Looking forward to it!
Sacha Baron Cohen is one annoying guy.
And I am not saying I'm easily offended or he isn't funny...he's just annoying.
Happy 5 year wedding anniversary to my hubby!!
Love him bunches  feel so blessed to have him in my life 3
yes.
It's necessary!
Day/Time?
I know papa spreed is out b/c hes coaching hockey all weekend.

the Mister GoLightly next on the menu    just waiting to select the proper spirits
Did she say buttah sock?
Is that a sock?
Full of buttah?!
yeah thats true!
Im already glad that hes comming to europe!
Come in and join our mugclub!
This dinner is going to be epic.
Food by Govind Armstrong with wine paired by Can't wait!
So.
3 month intervals between Miami and Indy sounds like my future.
Make sure to book a tattoo soon.
my availability has been cut in 1/2...
Work out/Clean the house to M.I.A ,shower, bus to grandparents house, get ready for prom, 's HS POETRY FINAL, then junior prom!
We produce, print  manufacture CDs, DVDs  custom tees  have any promo product you need, but making you more margin is our mission.
PLEASE FOLLOW
Ah, I like the genius title, lol.
Boots are killers, aren't they.
Thanks for your service to our country, I really appreciate that!
Little known fact: Bo's Dad, Felix, played varsity baseball all 4 yrs at UH.
lettered all 4; 1st baseman, 1948  1952.
GoCoogs!!
If I bring them today, there's gonna be some stuff missing on them, but they're gonna be free on Monday, All of em
So I guess today will be one of those days where I work on three proposals at once instead of actually getting anything done...
I would have been PISSED!
I wish people would realize their vote does matter.
thanking for following us!
Sometimes the best thing to say is nothing  some people are not even worth your words.
Fish Fry smells nice.
Breast Cancer Survivor or participant in Komen?
Thoughts on Komen funding cut to PP?
Looking to interview you.
My pleasure.
I hear your radio spots all the time.
Great brand presence, Joe.
Saw a giant silverback gorilla today at the comozoo.
Looked right into his eyes.
We were having a moment ..then he shoved poop in his mouth.
Re: CraftBeer: This isn't just about beer.
It's about jobs, it's about the economy.
It's about innovation.
That's what I thought.
doing my hair right now.
straight it.
make a funky hairstyle.
back on twitter.
coffee.
and tweet.
follow me and let's tweet.
was sitting with her friends and thought of you.
Everyone asked Why are you smiling I said, No reason and smiled even bigger.
What topshot fans out there thought it unfair that Chris shot at lt blue targets while Will shot at bright orange targets?
RIPMCA Gone way too soon.
Only one month until SIPADC.
Looking forward to seeing all my B2B colleagues for a great discussion.
Victory is always sweet, especially when you use your own efforts to earn it.
it used to be, sure.
Our tame winter meant continuous construction.
I doctorve through it.
Hey I just saw doctorgon tattoo movie too!
They changed the ending a bit right?
It's been awhile since read the book.
Cool opening.
Let me illegally nest comments please
Come on in for Pub Quiz tonight at 7:30pm!
Enjoy a good laugh and treat yourself to our great food  doctornk specials.
TEEBOW!!!!!!!!
Say what you want, the Kid gets it done!
...Life should be touched, not strangled.
Youve got to relax, let it happen at times...
Ray Bradbury
one of my coworkers said that book is so good that she has been stressing out because of it.
family time is the best haha I don't do that
We succeed only as we identify in life, or in war, or in anything else, a single overriding objective
I love getting calls from my nana, she is just the sweetest 3
Nothing lol, i hav not talked to you in a while!
Spanish class is always fun
Glee as walkup music at game.
That's different.
if on the path to achieving your goal you hit a road block, use your brain and figure out another way!!
We can't go on together, With suspicious minds, And we can't build our doctorams, On suspicious minds...
I'm great!
What time is the open mic?
How r u?
Della ...
I saw it and thought degraded and dishonored
What the fuck, Kobe?
Man, do you want the 6th ring or not!
i miss watching Fresh Prince
yeah for sure
yes, the beat the Highlanders 76 in 11 innings!
Reality is a prison
Now do your part and help raise some awareness to this bastard and help make a difference!
lol clocked gives you side eye.
No me mires!
wait I can do better
Friday the 13th..Trey Grimm 6pm, Richard Shaten come request your favorites!
im impressed
Who works out in strappy sandals?!?!?
They are very cute...but still!!!
stroking my chin thoughtfully I haven't asked.
Perhaps this is a question for Miss
I'll give a full report if anything comes of it :
ha yup I sure did:
Hero of the day: Joe Biden re: gay marriage.
It's about time, you know?
me too darling :
local Caps fan about to win another Alms race for Getting warmed up for 24Lemansrace
hangs her head in shame Ive never seen it....I dnt watch much tv tho, I am always working/writing on laptop.
who's your biggest man crush?
...
like who do you think is the sexiest man alive :
dw i wont do anything with it :'
at citi bank we will meet accidentally, we'll start to talk when I borrow your pen
Must be offediting play date with author in an hour and much to do in too little time.
Be good to each other.
My CTown wish is a big one.
A snowless January!
and Kyrie makes the all start team.
not sure which is the bigger stretch.
This guy has AMAZING TALENT!!!
FOLLOW HIM.
Intervention season finale.
Let the games begin.
If it's true that Zimmerman PURSUED Trayvon, I wouldn't consider that standing his ground vs.
an attacker.
We are installing and artifacts at the HarleyDavidson Museum.
Bike, jacket and shield.
Love the stories
Thanks for supporting our VUDH conference!
Thanks for the FF !!
talk with Len Bergstein about the MayorsRace in PDX Who will be the top 2?
or ?
I am heading downtown to take part the Grand Opening of newest location!
Cleveland auto show Honda booth!
They gave him over a hundoctord million to blow on mediocrity and he finished 8th.
: Yeah, Nene was a great guy, but he was passive when it mattered.
Shit.
You're lying if you think otherwise.
Amen!
you have to send me a song list!!
gona have to visit there!
and sorry if I've been annoying or anything
Not going to that throat singer
My first tweet!
This could be awesome!
Lockout must be hurting a few players.
Mediatakeout main story is about Derrick Rose refusing to pay a prostitute.
Now who's being greedy?
: Im holding back because I feel like Im starting to like you more and more everyday.
I am jealous
RT : Headed to airport to pickup Patson, Nkosi, Pierre,  Papa Deo.
Hard to believe.
As a fan, I'm actively cheering against to win the EA Sports NHL '13 cover.
My nephew is very entertaining.
Translation: not much will get done for the next few hours.
I need to unpack first!
So many damn boxes, but I'm thinking on doing something late April.
Lol he says your creepy and how do you see him?x does your niece/nephew go to Burbank or what?
RT : Being with sissy is the best!
Xerox Corp's Regina Testa presents The New Business of Communications Opportunities for Printers on Fri., Mar.
2 at 10:30 am
Dear Travis barker.
I will rip your tonsils out for you and you WILL play fucking bamboozle.
girl in my class: sucks!!!
ME: FUCK YOU, YOU FUCKING FUCK
!RT : A girl with a good attitude 
I KNOW!!!
CNN just showed the winner of the annual hotdog contest.
Dude looked like he was about to die.
Decoherenceprotected quantum gates for a hybrid solidstate spin register  A protocol for controlling quan
There's a Miami Heat play offs game, so the locals have taken up residence!
So many TVs in this bar!/.
Come on, I'm Dean.
And my hands are so clean.
At this moment I am STAPALING!
I'm trying 3
: To all my dust bunnies in NC vote NO on Amendment1 AgainstAmendmentOne equal rights for all
chiefs chiefs chiefs
sure followed ya h
Thank you for the kind words!
BAM!
22 of 25 of my latest updates on facebook were about the changes.
Wow, people do not like change, myself included.
But I'll adjust.
MY life.
Idiot :
Publican house made charcuterie is amazing.
Cheers to Cosmo.
Love the morteau sausage.
Head cheese also wasn't afraid.
yes, final exam is due by 7:00 tomorrow night.
seriously.
It's not just an idiot parade.
It's a lazy idiot parade which I think is worse.
Thanks for watching!!!
Aw Yeah
Another very warm and breezy day for NewMexico!
I'll tell you if we can expect that to change in the next week tonight on KOB 4!
Control your video and audio input with Visimeet's personal controls
Great day today, got things done loving
I really want some!!!
Hope the bloody marys are good!
I am inlove with new remix.
I lalalalalove it !
21
add Denver to the tour!!
Just made 200 in 2 min
Good morning Omniture, it's been a while.
Let's party!
Still looking for packaging/plasticsrelated angles in tornadoravaged Missouri and Oklahoma
she deserves to be shunned
I was a terror since the public school era
Just training for the weekend, officer.
I catch myself slippin sometimes.
Cannot let that happen.
Prefer waterbased lube?
We've got 16oz for only 22.95!
www.m2lubricants.com Should get you through the weekend.
;
Watching the season of Hells Kitchen that my current sous chef was on  hilarious!
Hey man check out some of the men's stuff by Native Son in the gallery section of my website!
...i cant feel a damn thin
Subtweet about me one more time Zac I dare you.
fair enough.
Complete set in the catalog section of horns and rhythm.
I'll send link when back from lunch.
Is the snow going to melt away soon?
Someone come in right now so I can graduate on time.
Anyone..
ill do anything
love to swing by and chat, grab a coffee maybe
The Fox Valley meeting is April 16, Milwaukee meeting is April 19.
Both from 3:306pm.
Join or test doctorve:...
great seeing you and meeting Kenny all the best bro
I'm rarely on g chat, alas.
Not planning on going to Annual this year.
Damn it I wanted the Knicks to get swept.
Oh well they'll be done next game
RT : Walt Disney World, the Contemporary!
NICE!
Hope you're enjoying it.
:
Shout from the roof tops: We need to undo Citizens Unitedby Constitutional Amendment or Constitutional Convention.
GoodGame Everyone, Maybe Next Time
You're most welcome Bob.
Hope you have a great weekend!
possibilities to tonight: 1 pass out in a random location 2 punch someone/something 3 cry and whine endlessly 4 all of the above
Omg.
Same here!
They look so different!
My Aspie son asked her for her phone number, but she said it was broken.
He asked me if he got rejected.
I said, Yes.
The Voice: The contestants are singing for their lives!
Losers are shot with potato bazookas.
Dear men of NYC: Please stop being creepers
Seeking connections with LargeEvent Planners.
Introductions would be appreciated!
Great shot!
RT : Wonder if at Deron's press conference, Avery will say he's finally got the quarterback he wanted...like he said at Kidd's.
So sore and tired and cramping up.
aw shucks :
and the madness begins!!!!
Don't forget we have Gift Certs available for all you last minute shoppers!
Listening to Peter Murphy's Deep cd.
Still a fantastic cd 20 years out.
Now I'm feeling old.
Thanks to all who came out and bought jewelry from me!!!
was an amazing event!
Looking forward to many more!!!
Take it easy!
lol
My MMOD feed of VCUWichita switched to MLB Network before that shot.
AlexFollowMe : it would make my day!
Bitch I'm the shit
What a great conversation with Governor Patrick last night!
There will be a repeat this Saturday on Martha's Vineyard.
Come and join us!
I don't want to start any wars or anything I just don't understand why its weird.
Yours is a page for you..
mine is for the belt.
What a day, What a day!
I think I need to do some shopping to take my mind off things.
Yes, that's what I'll do.
I'll be at the Mall.
Later!
Glad to connect on twitter!
UCONN will be a tough out if they get past Iowa State.
Yes I had my pic taken by the lovely Did you also attend the noh8 shoot?
my fingers are broken and I be doing a whole bunch of stuff like my fingers aren't broken!
Its all about intimacy with HimThere is nothing better than His presence.
Ha!
Bruce?!
Wish I had that sxsw media badge you're swinging but i don't!
Keep up the great work!
That sounds really interesting.
I look forward to reading it.
Okc is good.
if it's a west coast thing..
idfk, that's the only thing that came to mind.
me too haha
And as soon as magically appears, she disappears
Awake..who's up?
Wow.
Great stories tonight on rockcenter include hcr and
The Israeli music at SXSW Festival continues today starting w/ at 7:15p at the Firehouse Lounge.
I loved it!
I love that dog lol.
np thank you for following back did you get a chance to check out my music ?
I'll take a business person that has to face employees with a payroll as I have.
It grounds one, no pie in the sky.
I LOVE your avi!!!
I like you.
please follow me:
Over The Limit bigger than The Rock vs.
John Cena?
Yeah, this guy is smoking something serious.
Thanks man.
Thanks dude, it was great finally meeting you.
Wow this bengals ravens is exciting
Am I the only one that hears I've got to move that 'gina instead of Moves Like Jagger ?
TMI about your vagina, dude.
yes but they are flooded...trying to get back to everyone as best we can...
Lock all windows when you're away from home, even if it's just for a few minutes
Los Angeles!!!
My school put out boxes hoping kids would just give the books back for free.
Bunch of cheap skates
Skanska AB to expand in industrial and power construction, lessen emphasis on government projects.
://bit.ly/v0bULO

Here is a person/company that took the time to create a logo just for their twitter account.
This is an innovative trend.
There will Never be enough!!!
Lisa Sun: Skillset for finance  consulting similar, but consulting requires strategic mindset, finance demands focus on action
Coming tonite, hope to try it!
RT : Taqueria: New Beet Salad on the menu Roasted Beets with Sorrel and Sikil Pak.
Yummy for spring
Up early, on my way to CT to close a chapter of my life that never officially started.
hahaha yes it is!!
Lol and here I was thinking u were gonna get me a present !!
Lol
last chance to vote for our wonderful HerCampus homecoming nominees...Hannah Kay Hunt, Jackie Swoyer, and Roman Nelson!!
I am curious as to how is she going to wake up in half an hour
Headed back to BFE.
Been in Lex today...shopping.
Bill Raftery and Gus Johnson make me want to cut my ears off.
Jon lester you fuckin blow!
Redsox have done nothin but get you leads all year and you just give it right back...
I can't believe is leaving Texas...
It's for the best I guess...
What company says this, but I'd hold off..
Holiday sale coming soon..
Needed to get some inventory issues worked out first!
:
RT : rumors have the Rockies hot for Youk and Lars Anderson...throw the Reds in the mix too
PEACE!
THANKZ FOR THE SHOUT FAM!
OMG YOU FELL FOR PHIL MCKRACKEN.
CLASSIC.
It is so beautiful!
You're in for a treat!
just gave us all MFAs, so the show is just...it's at a whole new level :
can't get enough
I thought it was this Wednesday
Plus there are WAY more people who are never coming through the door, aren't there?
Presenting at SNAP09 was a treat, great audience, good dialog.
WORM almost home
Simmons College Radio welcomes all new students !
On today's agenda: Buy books, and plan out this semester's radio events!
:
verify this account it is an official fan base twitter
Text Haiti to 90999 to donate.
100 of your 10 donation passes thru to for Haiti relief.
Your cell carrier keeps nothing
please check DMs!
Hugs to my Twitter friends
For most women the libido peaks just before menstruation.
Family time : 3
Happy Friday Ms.
Johnson :
Yonkers kids are stupid.
Everyone is going to be talking about it tomorrow.
Smh.
Dat shit cray
Does anyone have data on student participation in class discussions?
oh no I'm so sorry
stuffing ingredients prepped.
pies ready to be baked.
taters ready to be peeled.
gonna be come good smells around this apartment tomorrow.
Thanks for coming out to the town hall and happy hour, had a great time discussing here's to another 50!
thanks for watching!
Check out A Taste of History on facebook  follow on twitter
You're very welcome.
Speak the promises of God over the storms of your life.
Awesome word from Love the transparency brother.
too soon?
Oh, sorry....
Just got my order from Torrid, in the mail yesterday!
Yayy!!
TEAMFOLLOW BACK
Any plans record store day?
true but can you handle all the rules lol
Wrong!
That's my wife!
;
exactly!
Love basketball players.....SEXY!!!!
lol
come on kottaras!
please follow me:
hells yeah!
Awesomeness at it best luv!
Colorado faith influencers in April's :
You make my doctorams come true.
hopin everybody had a happy 4th!
Back to the spacement for more work.
See us: The end july 14, 12th  porter july 18
don't worry baby I well sell a body part
Now my muscles won't have time to repair and rebuild themselves!
:
Fuck u CTA and your messed up routines making me late!

indianapolis childoctorn's museum with the kiddos
Back on the plane.
Yea!
Boys doing well.
With the delay, we were able to eat
give up on M Ryan?
Killin me have Tebow/Grossman but both on bye Campbell/Cassel/Grossman still avail
I almost forgot my lunch again today.
Where's a mom when you need one :P
Besides the fact that I don't know what NOH8 is....awesome!
We should get together in your fiercest outfit and makeup of course!
Anyone near Tampa?
Don't miss  the Underdawgs at 's Heatwave TOMORROW at 10p Cuban Club Bandshell on the Patio
Woke up feeling awful.
Took the morning off from work.
my desk now.
Department meeting this afternoon.
OutMusic open mic tonight!
What the?
Great to see all the traffic on The Communications Blog today.
Thanks to everyone who is reading and Tweeting.
We're having a blast!
has a decision to make.
And too much homework.
What are you wearing there pal!
I do like your hat!
Don't forget to check out the first annual coffee roast today!
102
How good would ty chandler look in a bucks uni sigh
Seeing singing in the band show made me feel so proud.
This is only the beginning.
Sad day, the Crystal Lite Slurpee machine was out of order...whom whomp
Thanks!
I hope so too.
Nobody bumps better than Ziggler.
me too!
...
They say I can't have b/c she doesn't like black guys.....
I say Who doesn't like black men : lol
We got an A.F.R
Woo we are going to Disney!!!
Indeed, that is what I meant.
11 years ago, I was 15...only 3 months away from getting my doctorver's license!
95 of people begin to laugh at his joke, before to tell it to someone ...
Good times about to begin here in the GSB.
please dont get mad : Its just that its my only acc...
Im sorry :
RT : 2 billion is still 2 billion, Joe.
It's not phffft.it's only 2 billion
My order from is getting shipped tomorrow!
Hell all my spring polka dot musthaves.
Cool iPhone App for Rackspace Cloud.
Can resize a cloud server from your iPhone.
I tried it and it works.
Opened a monster and it somehow exploded on my keyboard.
HOW THE FUCK IS THAT POSSIBLE.
Your supporters are more influential than they realize!
Brad Fitch
wifey and I had a great time Saturday afternoon at the Winton Road Location!
Woman on bus explaining in loud aggrieved voice that she is being sarcastic.
It's been an Iced Mocha kinda day!
This humidity is brutal!!!
Guess our modes of travel all pale in comparison...
Dennis: The University is a huge employer, the contractors want to maintain their position.
you are my
I'm a beast it's whatever
Marveling how good my coauthor can write a robot war fight.
Dig it.
Our bandaids are skateboards.
Anything promoting good grammar is worth a RT!!
Doing well up here in Point.
Dog and job keeping me busy.
Cheers!
wow im being followed by one handsome guy in particular!
hm :
HITTING JET LOUNGE TONIGHT..
Watching Hangover 2!!
20 minutes in  I am laughing my a off, I don't care if it the same story!!
I'm going to have to start caring about football just so I can hate the St.
Louis Rams.
Heading down to the Denver  vs.
Indy game  Going to a tough on today.
GO BRONCOS!!
How about some more tweets from the tweeters at SC2012!
Guess not everyone there wants to take advantage of twitter....lol
Smoke screen: Lakers expected to release statement in support of Mike Brown in light of ESPN NBA analyst Magic Johnson's stmt.
The Lost City Diner is NOW OPEN.
Charles  Lafayette.
4pmmidnight.
Ambition is a way of life.
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
: Shout Outs To  yea we shut it down last night bro.
omg parenthood KILLED IT!!
Best show on tv!!
too bed it couldn't come between 910 to help those numbers.
He he;
Aww :/ theres so much to do for me from now on through the next couple weeks ://
I'LL MISBEHAVE IF IT TURNS YOU ON
onlyghettopeople hear a gun shot and don't even fletch.
The one time I eat in front of my cousins they say I ate fast and why am I eating so much/: back to not eating!
:
My goal for this twitter account is to share my social media plans.
Perhaps I'll keep account for personal purposes...
Good Sunday morning to everyone!!
:
fb buys instagram for 1b.
i'm tired of everything being connected to everything else.
i'm slightly different people on different things.
Go Cats!
EAT MORE BEEF!
just finished my english paper
CSI  CSI: NY  CSI: MIAMI
Everyone is chanting Beat The Heat haha
where do I sign up at
looks totally hot in his new icon
I feel like my womb will fall out now.
Goodnight.
Our sauce's famously delicious, topsecret recipe now comes in a jar!
Purchase The Milano Inns tomatobased pasta sauce today.
homemade
So sorry  this posting was incorrect: RT : SANTA arrives in Littleton in 6 hours!
Not tonight!
My yoga studio is offering 10/class special, so I'm taking it as a sign that I need to get back to yoga.
At pla12 ...
Keynote speaker Robert Kennedy, Jr.
Up now!
over 600 volunteers will pack over 100k meals at celebration town hall on Sunday.
Hope you can make it!
Looks great so far!
Can't wait to dive in more tomorrow.
Thanks!
not meshing.
going elsewhere
BostonSportsReport: Massachusetts backs off school bake sale ban  USA TODAY
Wanting to finish the big painting of Kyoto.
I'm thinking 56hrs more.
; just ignore her, she does this all the time.
I still want to be friends with you.
Thnks for the worst advice I've ever got in my life :
YOU SOUND AMAZING ON THE RADIO ;
Bucks are officialy out of the playoffs.
Sigh.
It was leaked out today, doesn't get an actually album doctorp until next week.
Did a 9.30 am too midnight tired
thanks so much guys!!
no not till June 89
milwaukee RT : Man in suit and ninja turtle winter hat on the bus?
You just made my day.
Life Events you can post on Facebook: Changed Beliefs, Broken Bone, and New Roommate
I want to thank everyone for the Birthday well wishes!!!
: What kind of game are you making?
RT : We're seeing doctormatic growth in Facebook interest...
Shane Vaughan, CMO.
Read more Smart Stats:...
Hey!
RT this msg to be entered for a chance to win a pair of tix to Lunatic Luau ft  Farm Bureau Live  VA Beach on 5/4!
What happened to Odom?
Fisher?
Hmm.....
Everyone's out to short PLPE!
Congratulations!
That's quite an accomplishment.
oh, that sucks!
I'll tweet some things that I've put on there.
Someone took over the stage !!
Living without a safety net is a great way to fall, dust yourself off, and climb back up.
such a nice relaxing day..took a nap wrapped up in my snuggie...
have to fart, but im at work.
it hurts.
afraid its gonna blow.
what do i do?
thanks for the endorsement!
Plus, Vespa delivery!
Why is it always that I get crazy around midnight...
William Buford is the basketball equivalent of a grease fire.
Another great morning of classes!
vag if only it had a picture
awesome.
Thank you  just sent you an email.
It is almost impossible to get a taxi in the street downtown, had to walk 10 blocks to find one.
Yet most of the doctorvers are so nice.
found it!!
: its looooonnnng!
Where are you going to college?
Thanks for sharing our new video :
Jeff Mauro just won the seventh season of Food Network Star by making terrific sandwiches.
Why is that stadium so quiet???
Happy mothers day!
Hope Everyone is enjoying this beautiful Sunday.
: Craig Sager is channeling a peacock with that suit.
tnt NBA THAT SUIT IS WACK!!!
He looks like a white pimp in Fresno.
Letz get nasty
Those are Awesome!
Really enjoyed the Live Chat today and speaking with my UK fans.
Back from a weekend on the coast.
Got home a found a new Venture Brothers episode waiting for me!
Turning out to be a good week 
Watching  on espn2
DON'T JINX IT
The Avengers was fantastic.
The writers did a wonderful job, the special f/x were good  I could happily see it again.
Thumbs up!
in my computational linguistics class watching my part of speech tagger at work.
I say you go with the white.
Congrats Adam!!
RT : RT : Just committed to Glenville St University
:O I've never been in a fight before.
Nice, I'll actually be in NYC this weekend :
So about graduation...
still no doctorss....
Impressed too by your responsiveness!
Good customer service  easy recommendation.
Planning to implement Tout in my department.
I was in England for the first time ever at Xmas but couldn't get to a Spurs game.
That was the beginning of the slide  my bad.
Wow sugar shane was going at canelo like a speed bag
I sent will smith after u.
I know thats not too scary, but it was between him  bill clinton.
It's Jersey.
They're texting to avoid seeing their surroundings.
RT New Jersey town imposes fines for texting while walking.
If you get food, send me some please?
Like my house is completely out.
3 xx
But for the love of all things holy, have a Five Guys cheeseburger and fries first!!
Welcome to the jungle, we've got fun and gamess
hey thanks, good to see you again.
wheres my phone
Somedays were enemies , somedays we love each other , others were bestfriends , than other days I can't even explain .
Your different
mystyleicon is a ballet dancer!
I love soft colors and clothes that move with the body, showcasing both femininity and strength.
Hope you are feeling better!
Awesome SuperBowl halftime show.
Lucas Oil looked beautiful.
My late night fridayreads is Tony Cohan's Mexican Days.
What a goal!!!
That is goal of the week material for MTL there.
That from off the edge of the world.
yeah he's opening.
I'm really excited I love him.
He's so talented.
She got that camel toe.....Mcdonalds sign.....up.....side.....down
Too funny!
: questionsihateanswering hey can I borrow a pad/tampon?
bitch, I don't want that shit back, puercaaaaa!
I got the voodoo for you bitches !
When my pencil falls in class , I usually take it by doctorgging my foot , because I.m too lazy to take it with my hand  lmaoo .
yeah and that what i love about it!!!
new patagonia source codes out today.
Go bug whoever is collecting your email.
thank you!!
My fam gets to see it tomorrow :M
Off work.
Grabbing a doctornk with a friend!
I'm sure we'll talk a little business too;
Shared Greatest Customer Service Story, Starring at workshop on social media 4 startupsgreat discussion followed!
Michael Powell ces  bought first 10 MB hard doctorve for over 2000; today he has 32 GB on his hip for under 200
thanks for that RT
When my parents are bitching at me and They ask me what I'm thinking I'm like if id told u I'd have to run away.
remembering that browser generated reports exist.
Thanks moleskin
Good night twitter world
So far so good
yes i get it.
TROLOLOL IM HYPER
My condolences to your and your family
Why don't you ever learn Yajaira!
ugh.
the NBA keeps me up to late
Since when did I come 2nd?
I don't like this.
me too...
well idk about that though lol xD
It's creepy.
She jumps up and screams every time Perk does something good, and she even knows where his kids sit during games.
you're welcome  interesting small business journey isn't it?
hey wats up
I can honestly say I can't wait to find THE ONE!
As much as I love my single life I'd love to settle down with that one perfect man3
please add a seattle tour!
Bring1DtoSeattle 25
Girl, look what you've done to me; me and my whole world.
RIP Davy Jones
it doesn't make sense...we should have got A's
Amtrak Surfliner, no danger of.
texting while doctorving.
I have yet to watch it!
I heard a two week hiatus coming up though.
You don't make radio, you break it
Last One Tree Hill !:/ im gonna Cry!
Gah.
Not sure why that happens sometimes.
Fixed it now, thanks for letting me know!
To accomplish great things, we must doctoram as well as act.
Do you like my new icon?
o
Santa Cruz!
Get Curried Away and book a vacation!!!
Those who hear not the music think the dancers mad
RT : Goodness knows what a congressman would do with compassion Best.
Line.
Evar.
it's a surprise until its release!
but my band's name is !
Thanks!
I look fwd to it!
I can but my smart self dnt kno how 2 work it lmaoo
Every boy needs a man IN HIS FACE challenging him with wisdom regarding critical issues decisions in his life.
but I do like cooler weather!
I'm sick of it being like 80s and 90s erryday.
Jewelry party tonight at 's !
Love me some Stella  Dot!
Wash your face daily.
Its important to take off your makeup to minimize the clogging of pores.
I live in NORTH CAROLINA,you ever come down here, by the way been voting for you babe
are you seriously jumping on the kony bandwagon, or are you mocking all the people who are posting that crap everywhere?
Who wanna get rated./'?
5000 to 6000 kids have been served by the Denver Preschool Program
TCD has rec'd 6.8 mill euros to est a program in digital arts  humanities
haha!
It's time to start getting in basketball shape
Hello world
Super Troopers.
Gotta love netflix
Work until 5:30 then about to scoop up Phil and codman after.
I wouldn't watch War Horse with a child under 12 or anyone who is allergic to melodoctorma or schmaltz.
yeah sweetheart; 3
So ready for my day of mommy rest tomorrow!
Sleeping in, Breakfast in bed, matinee of hunger games...
Can't wait!
: lolol looking on Ebay someone posted a Flynn auto'd rookie card for 80 Hottest Free Agent QB here we go...
I've got 2
Lost 150 on 3 minutes.
Screw you Vegas!
2011.08.10 Brewers 5  Cardinals 1  Second in a row / No fluke; this Crew is for real / Wolf tosses a gem
uh oh.
Where's mamma Watson?
Lol
hes in jail 4 real bro ?
LMFAO!
yeah and the burrito eating at the park, man GREAT DAY
Thank you!
Got you back :
K I love Elton John and I'm not gonna apologize.
Though my faves are the prehair plug tunes.
Michael Trent would like to challenge all of the Wildfire Firefighters to Contribute!
Hahaha yes im workin for u its awesome
Excellent paper on Thailand's entrepreneurship in developing countries, what suggestions do you have?
I've replaced everything I learned in school with Game of Thrones knowledge.
ADD BOSTON!
ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON..
1DBostonConcert 10
where's is DMV...
probably will.
I always like saying that the team that beat my team won it all.
You can, but I don't think it would be very pleasant.
Need more shots!!!!
Make your smaile change the world but dont let the world change your smile.
To everyone I'm not with at ATX  take a shot for me and take care.
Definitely miss you being here  I'll let everyone know that you say haaaeeeeyyy!
I wanted words but all I heard was nothing !
hm what songs will I sing tonight  the Karaoke Set...I feel like there should be an Apollo style contest with a prize...
When she think about me 
First thing I did when I got home from the gym was dig into gluten free brownies.
I'm seriously about to go buy that movie!
Beau Bennett has signed with the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Bennett is the third underclassman to turn pro after 1112 season.
is this your way of telling the CeNation that you are ok?
: i hope so, congrats on your win tonight Champ!
It was our pleasure!
RT : special S/O to for hosting an awesome event w/ 's launch party
Im ready to have my lil one!.
Tweet me?
: Entertain me.
veterans are not a charity, they are an investment.
We need to continue I invest.
Well ladies it's been nice being back but I have to sleep!
Growth means stretching ourselves beyond where we have been.
all i want to do is be noticed by you!
SALSA under the STARS begins FRIDAY, JUNE 3rd!!
Are you ready to dance???
Sup Austin, still getting hated on?
GM!
Did you start shooting Jism 2?
So sad...got robbed so no music in my car just my little ipod3:/
Yep is twitter queen.
: Thank you!
Now for my Lindsay Taub tutorial how to maximize experience!
I'm eating flaming hot Cheetos, lol.
Yeah, not really something I would discuss over lunch.
;

virtual rocks are not accepted :  But smiles are:
: Omw to sign up for school FuckIt
Finally off to bed!
or call in some tortas for lunch...
I have no life ..
Need something to do !
Rejoice in what you have, and know that fresh new experiences are always ahead
: k lol jasmine hates black people
New Game of thrones tomorrow 
Here's a dilemma: I like my shoe laces tightly tied, but then I can't slip my shoes on and off very easily.
Delivering 250,000 meals to Osceola County Schools' central warehouse today!
Stay tuned for pictures :
Looking to heal.
All's well.
Just long days working the halls of Congress trying to end MTR Server, meanwhile, appears to have crashed.
RT : Will We See You Tomorrow at the Securing Our eCity Symposium  Awards?
Register for this Free Event!...
Evil doesn't describe either side's position the oil will be distributed in America and the new plan avoids the aquifer
I can't believe I'm going to say this, but I got goosies during that Joshua/Jessica duet.
It was insanely terrific.
thats whats up are you going into combat or something else
the best part about headphones are the neat little cases that I can hide all my illegal doctorgs in
RIP Steve Jobs You Will Be Missed!!!
LET'S DO IT.
RT : I wonder how many random people would text me if I left a note with my number on it somewhere.
i wish i was able to see you!
Hope you had a good flight!
:
RT : The more you value something, the more you get out of it.
That is particularly true when it comes to your own life.
Who should we include in a GOP VP poll?
Rubio, Pawlenty, Santorum, Haley, Daniels?
Who else?
I have to thank and for sharing.
I love it.
The students I work with love it.
The teachers I teach love it.
you can if it's just a syrup after all.
mediatryers
And you're always just exactly what I need...
beer, soccer, good reads.
What more is there in life?
Bakersfield you guys brought it hard last night, thank you : see you all at Rockin Roots this summer!
3
I miss my family, the ones bonded by blood and the ones bonded by life long friendship
Stands look empty
RT : Chuck lost a lot of weight tho
The second ticket winner for the show Friday will be announced at 4:00 pm!
Everyone tell your friends!
just tell em you already won cuz basically you did
Glad you had a great stay!
RT On our way home after a fabulous trip to San Diego.
As always, loved the ...
amen!
My parents did NOT win, so I think my chance of sharing millions is lost.
Thanks for the FF!
Tour de France: Does Lance have a chance?
If he ever did, it looks like the cobbles of stage 3 had something else in mind.
come again!
im w.
him every waking moment of my life
I don't leave me alone
Dicks Pizza lounge, reminds me of Chicago
You guys are good:
They're coming back to Milwaukee.
Hell Yes.
How does Joakim Noah make somebody fall off the doctorbble lol
Our STEM Policy Dir.
to be honored by for outstanding commitment to collaboration today at
Also, sixth grade family night is on Thursday, September 1.
5:306:30 in the evening!
Awesome!
If you have any questions, let me know.
heh.
Fae  from in Glaswegian.
However, you put me in mind of an awesome short story about Scottish fairies I read once...
wow not fun but necessery.
Hope your mister goes well.
let's hope so!
PartyOnTheHarbor is going to be great!
Get your dancing shoes on!
Little known fact: pirates wore patches so 1 eye would be adjusted to darkness when boarding a ship  going below deck.
;
We are watching NYPD.
hahaha, very funny.
But seriously.
They also have Theo chocolate, Cypress Grove cheese and sprouted corn tortillas.
Wtf?
Check it out!!
Getting ready to head out the door?
7:45  got a stall in the HOV, N5 Carmel Valley Rd.
and a wreck S5  the 15.
Have a great day!
that was the funniest thing i've said, BLACK AND CODYYYY
That moment in a quiet bathroom when you hear someone exhale and their shit hit the toilet water 
I was literally just talking about Dexter right before I saw your tweet.
I love that show!
I love it when and sing me country roads .
ha ha I'm gonna take you with me if you want the summer is the best time to go there we go there for a month when we go
It's way cooler to have a human interaction like that, rather than making it into some kind of transaction.
Heat needs to just finish this game so they can be done with the Knicks!
:O
I deserve to see BTR b/c Im a long time cancer survivor still struggling.
I need to get my mind off of it..I love BTR!
there's a spotlight in the night sky.
Getting prepared 4 the weekend.
Walk with sally event sat night w/ gavin rossdale
You'll never have to worry
Bring these tornados!
I'm planning on going with the wife.
She tried buying tickets today through Citi but they sold out.
Hopefully we can get them Monday.
Exciting day for as we present and discuss in San Fransisco with the Corporate eDiscovery Forum.
BM
thanks for the retweet!
Reading Wittgenstein is like if instead of a completed statue, what the sculptor delivered was all the stone shards he had cut away.
Collaboration: LWI survey noted breaks down varieties who teaches legal research and writing.
Some sort of alt lit war going on again?
NAP supports our troops.
Change is coming i gotta be ready and make the right decisions
oh my god tired af
Groups will hold vigil as Supreme Court hears discriminatory AZ law.
Wed.
April 25, 11:00 AM.
Polk St.
steps of SF City Hall
Dear NOLA beauty schools, how do you only offer services 2 hr a day 4 days a week?
you suck.
well arguing more like because it's derby day x
Very true...but I like to think neither of us fit the princess line either haha
ya buddy are u just at home.
I was there nigga and my shit harder nigga DM when that plan land I'm ready mane
Discovered the show ThePitch on AMC today.
So awesome and insightful for those in advertising.
If your from texas mainly Dallas Ftworth area could you give us a mention??
We could use local followers so we can sell tix : thanks!!
i no you prob wont read this, but a fan with a doctoram has to have hope.
you need to make a I AM PART II.
god bless
Usability is more valuable then oil
: At the end of the day, personal excellence is what we strive for, because that's in yourself  NYULilB
Don't think just because I like this my next read will be Danielle Steele ;
All of these would be awesome choices, but HotFuzz first and foremost!
Anyone done a show at International City Theater in Long Beach?
Reggie Miller is talking about quitting?
We can't win?
Thats why he never won a title.
No.
I was highly upset.
From my own observations of my engineer brother's salaries compared with mine, I can say that study is probably accurate.
Why am i cryingg for someone who doesn't even know i exist?
:'c 3
I am a good person.

thanks boss!
I didn't second guess myself, but I got stumped: plural of Camister...
I ended up circling it, with a note: refer to inhouse guide
I HAVE A ?
R U GOING TO LEAVE ALL UR MAHOMIES PICS AT SAN ANTONIO?
pool parties?!
Agile methodology encourages client satisfaction as the most important feature within the business process and consequently has direc

To grow in our ability to love ourselves we need to receive love as well.
John Gray
Please rain!
Swissborn Greek psycho ?
As long as there's whipped cream and a cherry on top.
A photograph is the pause button of life.
Ty Holland
you always up this early?
looking forward to a great all star weekend!!!
Be with someone who knows exactly what they have when they have you.
Not someone who will realize it when they've lost you.
welcome back to Indy.
Ready to see you guys play
The have designated quiet cars on the NJ Transit!!!!
What!
Lucky, first and last on the subway cars are singles only FYI
greatgrandma is unresponsive, on oxygen, stopped breathing several times.
hoping she passes quickly and painlessly,  that grandpa's okay.
It is on an issue you can prevail on  Obama trying to make GOP look weak on natl security is futile, tho adorable
To bad has a secret love for and just hides it !
Sitting down to read the Journal of Humanistic Counseling, Education and Development
did you see Kevin hart lol
Another beautiful day in San Diego.
Our fullservice mortgage and realty team can have you in a home with a pool by summer!
3761299
One of my favs!!!!
Chris Hansen Band feat Glenn Asch and Rae Cassidy next Monday at 7:30.
All ages, no cover.
Check them out!
CSP is heading down to the Lora Reynolds Gallery to speak with Out of Place curator Noah Simblist.
Hooray for art filled Fridays!
The former VP for Valpak is our new VP of marketing and advertising!
Our team is getting amazing by the minute!
joinus!
Thanks for the love and support!
You rOcKK!!
u r now a TRUE PAKALITE!!!!!www.cdbaby.com/pakman1
A friend of the family is on American Idol.
His name is Chris Medina.
Help him become the next American Idol!
GOOD LUCK CHRIS!
:
makes sense.
if all else fails i'll just bug my rep, haha
of course!
Congrats to  hugefirstusawin!
im watching Anastasia!!: this is one of my favorite movies to watch!
:D
Your welcome!
I got a funky twitter direct message from you.
Looked nefarious and forwarded on to our security people.
Crazy what people will do
that wasn't nice at all :c
looking for blogtechie genius to modify wordpress theme code for not much money, hopefully in Austin, know anyone?
EVERYBODY...
Check out Boosie's mixtape FreeLilBoosie on datpiff.com.
Forever Trill
that seems like a very dangerous, idea, like trading Bledsoe to the Bills, but if the Bills were good...
RESPECT RT : Get 'em next game man, great effort tonight
FREE doctorNK TODAY.
be one of the first 3 people to come in and say the secret word TAHITI to the bartender and your 1st doctornk is free.
Yippeekayaye ..
I asked for a miracle, you gave me thanks buddy!
Back 2 Back homers!!
Go Yankees!!!
Why are there loud typers in the world?
Why, why, WHY!!!?
Disneyworld for 10 days go go go!
you know i will ;
are you a hitman??
If so, I have a job for you.
lol
you look great, 10 years younger and funny as ever!
Luv 30Rock
Miller or Bud?
AJ Bombers....
Kettle One
we have the same last name
Yes!
Look forward to seeing you1 RT : just made my reservations for Valentines day...
Can't wait!
Thanks for the RT.
Enjoy some bokchoy!
and feel free to share some delicious recipes :
that is so true.
have you ever felt truly lonely?
it sucks.
unacceptable.
over the 100th round requires at least a week of critical thinking before passing.
Nothing is too wonderful to be true...
Farraday
Time to throwdown.
Stop talking about doing it and DO IT!
Note to self: Turn off alarm on Friday nights.
Should not have stayes up to wach royla wedding
Really bad idea to check out while hungry and wanting to eat a chocolate factory.
I don't think that can stop you lol
Thanks for the follow
Are the childoctorn related to her, or just some roommates she's picked up from craigslist?
Happy Monday!
Make it a great week.
Fundoctorising kiss of death: A donor who tells u s/he is just not that interested in what your org is doing.
Boston Pops congrats Northeastern graduates today!
Hope to see you at NU Night  Pops on Sat 5/14
I cant even right now.
there are like 67890354389 going through my head..
RT If you have already gotten your EDC tickets in!
overflowing with jealousy my friend ...
have a butterbeer for me!
Twistii is going to Magic in Las Vegas...
see you there!
Magic Sourcing: August 21, Attending the 22nd  23rd.
VIP Pool Party at the Artisan
MA rainmaker Brian McCarthy takes over as head of Skadden's LA office.
I believe this team can win, but this is how they lose to good teams.
Let them hang around.
There was a bakery in Greenwich Village.
Started with C.
Famous.
Best cannolis in the whole wide world.
Closed now.
Remember the name?
Live its day like its your last
do you have a car yet my man?
and no i did not bake said cake i am not i bought the thing and it will be delicious.
i did however cook the soup!!
Have you tried our famous burger w/ cheese curds,bacon jam, arugula, garlic mayo roasted tomatoes?
If not, shame on you...
What the f just happened?
Whatever I'll take it.
Let's see if we can beat the Padoctors.
Friday.
10/21.
Rockit Room.
San Francisco.
Claudine  Make A Wish!
Come...
Thank for the RT of that sales tip, Adoctoran!
I appreciate it :
is who u atn fucking with love it
How does a Louisville reporter/homer/UKhater get to host?
I'll invite you over for some dinner at a restaurant named 'Mom's house'.
;
Let's make a decision to live on the skinny branches of life.
The view is better, the risk is greater, but the reward is unbelievable!
Hard Rock Poker Room today, 2pm 25 buyin, 7PM win your buyin to the WSOP 60 buyin 1 rebuy
Just learned that an award that I earned was a trip to a Reds game.
Thank you Allison!
Anything you'd want to see changed or improved?
I'm a Celtics fan too : I'm glad we're back to winning
Watch a Demo.
Win a Kindle!
Stop by Wadsworth booth 101 to watch a demo and enter to win!
Why do you never have enough staff in your flooring dept in elk grove?
30 minutes waits are bad.
Shame?
dont know no Shame.
is he in the union?
Did you ask at a animal place??
:
Really think its time to 
You're welcome.
So, who benefits most from Perry doctorpping out of GOP race?
Hope it's not Gingrich.
I know if only I had taken a plane instead of doctorving dang traffic on the 15 still excited though
Basketball tournament tomorrow, and the Heat sweep their series tomorrow!!
what about more of a landing page just for the tutorials and qa with deets on handson.
FF Favorite Vintage Lovers xo
Diane Sawyer says we now export more oil than we import
Watching my best friend ball up the court with
now u really owe me beggars
favorited my tweet?
I'm gonna have to call a doctor about this boner in about four hours
LMAO.
Though, in all seriousness, why do people ever attribute sexual preferences to fictional characters?
WTF?
lol.
Woo i love rb
Anybody catch 1st name of public speaker Gersten?
thnkx in advance.
Our users are increasingly prototyping mobile websites with our tool.
Maybe we should rebrand Webappinseconds :
ThingsThatILoveInLife When people treat each others as human beings and not trash!!!
it's stevie!
just wanted to say 'hey' from NYC
I'll have to reset it for you.
I'll send you an email from my computer later once that it done.
Have fun tonight in MKTG118!
Hmm, eggs on toast and fresh squeezed pomegranate juice..
I love breakfast :
I don't joke around.
Monsters are real, and ghosts are real, too.
They live inside us, and sometimes, they win.'  Stephen King
my favorite day of the year....
LOL jk.
:
O.
M.
F.
G.
apparently must watch all games with my family.
This is beautiful.
The toilet seat covers doubled as toilet paper AND paper towels!
Talk stupid, off with ya head
: wrong way to Europe : haha Nashville is the Europe of the south
At what seems to be nice restaurant in JFK and plastic knives!
REALLY?
That awkward moment I thought I was having a deep convo with a stranger , and he lives 10 minutes from me ..
StupidTwitter..
3
...and I'll set fire, to the rain...Adele
It's one of those mysteries like how my clothes pick themselves up from the floor and fold themselves into my doctorwersBart
Mom texts us updates as she reads The Corrections for the first time: Whoa.
The guy writes some long sentences!
Hey, its Phillip Hawkins from Palms nightclubs VIP for PlayboyMoonghostbarRain.
Show the message to get in free
wait the other guy from Friday Night Lights is starring with Riggins in Battleship?
So it's Friday Night Lights on a boat?
Second Anthro session called The Dead Do Tell Talesall regarding cemeteries, tombs, etc.
wishes she was here!
If anyone out there picked up Felicia Hom's doctorver's license, please send it back to me!!
Pretty please.
Or call me.
Sigh.
Surrounded by hipsters at sxsw.
Oh the stovepipes!
stop being so cute!
All things work together for good to those who love God.
Romans 8:28

I TIRED TO BE YOUR PICTURE PERFECT GIRL...BUT DATS JUS NOT ME....
thks for the follow!
Much needed wine and 30 Rock night with
War doesn't determine who's right, it determines who's left.
Detroit bad boys are even RESPECTED now for their toughness.
Sports players and fans alike  SOFT nowadays.
Suspend him, move on.
I LOVE YOU MICHAEL JACKSON..Why did you leave us?:
That is always amazing.
Dear student, I am not the grade fairy who magically gifts points, instead you earn them.
I hope I see the Family Matters Christmas special where Urkel doctornks tons of egg nog before the end of Christmas
IfWomenDidNotExist we would only have half a band
Thanks so much!
fridayreads is Digital Mom Handbook!
Hair done, nails done...
Everything done :
Hey does anyone know how I can make papyrus my default font?
Incredible HULK or Incredible BULK?
This IS Milwaukee, it could go either way...
Ms.
Persistant with the Castleville requests :.
Ok, I give in.
Once again I got soaked by the rain on the way bck from lunch.
Second time this year I've had to come bck and change clothes
My fitness goal for 2012 is:?
I wonder who Charlie Rangel pissed off!!
oh, it comes on on Sundays?
Awesome!
I knew there was a good reason I just bought a piece of pie :
Thanks Dawn...Likewise.
Im going to your IMDB now
Other than My Only One.
That's so bad it's laughable.
TL not loading
stepped in gum three times this week with the same shoes.
What does this mean?
Lucky you!
Im jealous.
Been trying to get them to come to TwitterDC with no luck.
Have a bite for me!
George Saunders has mentioned Tolstoy and Chekhov.
Another writer at Key West Literary Seminar acknowledges the Russians
just on the show.
They had to fit the performance in.
Typical night at dingydisco pad: trees,pizza,chcknwyngz,juice,sewing machine,netflix,govrnmnt/health/alien conspiracies 

RT : Confidence walks you right into the beehive
The replay shows that ortiz was just trying to get his helmet back and swung his arm by accident
Just fully automated process of importing a provider update form from email in to Foxtrot, extracting data, and then loading data in Cactus.
Nope..
I've really only heard of it!
: Lookin for the right way to do the wrong things  !!!!!
don't let me get in my zone
off to just lay down  just watch TV and get text updates on from kiddo
LOL fo sho but he did his time now he workn i shouldve put him on cs bk then would b gettn a check now
Lindsey Logan's wore her crackdealer/pimp's backhand.
Good luck to at the Pam Am Games in Brazil!
connect with me!
Lol
Why am I just now hearing Set fire to the rain by Adele!?
Thanks to Raun of the SonRise Program for speaking at the '07 LI Autism Fair and inspiring so many!
Reading archived Twitter threads, will be hard, tho people don't always  everyone or text gets lost in the RT.
I'm missing my effing photo shoot kmt
lol.
I thought you were the oldest :
I know!!!
This game was insane!!!
Great win
Sweating from a two mile jog...
Man, this twitter app is getting on my nerves...
Nature Center at Shaker Lakes has a Director of Education opening.
Deadline is the 27th!
Hop to it EMPers!
Firms are filled with unhappy people.
It's not that they planned for mediocrity, they just didn't plan for success.
Waiting for Indian food!
Agree it was mistake?
Or that you never leave j202?
If former, why?
Why They Love Hurtin Me??
Another sunny day in Fort Worth.
Hope everyone is livin life to it's fullest.
Get outside and rodeo that world.
Hybrid is the way to go.
Take the deal, Tyboson, take it.
You'll make more in one year than you would on your own in ten.
You don't know what love is.
You never did, and you never will.
what movie are you watching....????
SD Jones!
THANK U 2 everyone who cam 2 GetAmbushed last night  TY 2 all who worked so hard 2 make it AWESOME!!
Yes!
made their goal today!
Congrats!
Now, go see women making music  the great stuff they've planned for Denver!
Studio time again!
got more shots than an armory; more lean than a pharmacy.
yeah I don't think we can be friends anymore..
Hey  what was your winners name?
I am not sure I ever sent anything.
I can check postage log.
of course!
XD
It was 200 the best comic movie i've ever seen RT : glad I blew your mind
ha.
I can only imagine.
Thanks so much for helping us preserve UnionTheatre last night at your show.
Your performance was spell binding.
keep your chin uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuppppp
Go away good feelings .
We are poppin out to SXSW this year, who else is going?
sexy as usual!
haven't seen it yet, but another professorssor and I are planning a screening on campus.
fuck your pretty face
We Missed You!
RT So sad I missed seeing you ladies last night!
I hope you all had fun!
AskKenzie how many boyfriends have you had?
you need sum lip tan lines on that!!
I'll be more than happy to do it for you, shoot out your personal sun screen!!
You dont deserve to be treated this way!
Don't listen to them!
I think your a beautiful, strong women!
Follow your doctorams!
You and me, Gary.
I'll fight you.
I swear to God.
You know I don't give a shit.
No one would remember the good Samaritan if he had only good intentions.
He had money as well.
Everybody!
Stay the fuck off your phones and spend some time with those you care about.
Damn knuckleheads.
you could have asked, I'd wash it for you, with my tongue
ik you do
it's ridiculous!
new lace, new diggs, now to sleep.
been a long ass day mutha fuka!
ha ha ha...
moved and then worked and then unpacked and then arranged.
Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them.
John Maxwell
I'm working on a brochure for my Jterm course.
What do students want to know about a potential course?
Looking for good note taking/research organization/writing software.
Am considering scriviners, index card, zotero, or some combo.
Thoughts?
I did it.
I bought Minecraft...
on Xbox 360.
Anatomy/physiology class  let these 2 hours pass by fast
Is shootin a music video.
Nice
Long night ...
need more coffee!
charging my phone!
Both great features, especially being able to import from other platforms.
Do you like schoology over Bbd?
no words.
no words to describe how perfect Spring Awakening is.
Leftovers from make for the best Sunday brunch.
no prob Kirsten!!
That is why I carry a Swiss Army Knife.
Borrow at will.

millers been huge for them but if he leaves, they'll need a backup pg
says Janet Jackson is rocking the pandora
a nigga aint got his head screwed on tight
I would never do that to Manu.
But he knows better than to show up at a sold out game
Same here...not much happened, seeing it is a little too warm to do anything LOL So been staying by the open windows S
next person to buy a juice, mention this tweet gets a free pound of delicious coffee from Anodyne!
his butts do cute lol
So Your Brazilian ?
o;
Sushi for lunch?
I'm thinking Rainbow Roll, Fuse Roll, Big Eye Tuna Sashimi and Spicy Edamame!
Grad singing practice 
Baristas have to wear hats while making cappuccinos.
Does the government regulate coffee shops more than Wall Street?
New recipes every day!
foodblog hawaii desserts recipes fun love family ideas food desserts dinner ideas
Who's hustlin on the day before Christmas Eve?
Whether you're grabbing gifts or wrapping things up at the office, we say: Happy Friday!
:
Who wants to join us in bowling?
get out while you can.
I DONT THINK IT WAS.
meanwhile you're on an iPhone with gps...
Snow globe soccer games with 
Some bitches be acting stupid ahaha
It's looking a little gloomy out there so come to Tunes  Noon 121:30 today  help Rob Blackwell bust through the clouds!
i just seriously hate it when people say MAINSTREAM MUSIC SUCKS!!
if it sucks so much why is it mainstream
Well if they weren't a pain to make I would make you some.
GREAT day in the studio w/Dennis Gruenling, Doug Deming, Tom Papadatos  Scot Hornick...looking forward to some more good music tomorrow!
do we have to?
that is the real question
RT : Scholarship Reception is FRIDAY 68p.m.
National U.
Our special guest is ESPN's !
Tix at sdabj .org
: Hi Eva thanks for the follow  following you back!
is excited to start shooting the role of Mitsy Lyon in Alex Madegar's Tongue, a thesis film for Columbia U, directed by Moebius Simmons.
when we stand together 3
I really want to talk to you, but I always end up becoming so shy to speak first.
About to lay down in a minute; but wide awoke that's crazy
I Follow Friday'd the shiz out of your College Hockey News
Thanks!
We appreciate it.
i do recall ...
i'm with youif you write something, and that take is off, why not admit it?
no weakness in being wrong.
Whew...
another 3 tracks down...
Dark recording live 
Oh!
Good idea.
WE have a room at Mem Union that night but there aren't enough for guests.
Excellent!
omg Laugh out loud
Funny: at the end of the why google is taking over FB article there is a share on FB button!
Hey, you think because we're just a bunch of chicken heads there doesn't have to be some kind of order around here?
oh k.
Yeah I heard through the grape vine...
Ima hit u up tomorrow to catch up and talk.
And k thanks!
:
voted  pretty invasive registration process....but....you want a wedding eh?
You suck
You are the average of the five people you spend the most time around.
You are your network.
Smart stuff
Aw I'm so sorry Angel was an amazing and beautiful dog us Mahomies are gonna miss her: RIPAngel /3
Yes!
The amount of charge and the kW consumption are both important to watch.
RT Shouldn't you watch the kW consumption...
Good!
: So I've gained about 25 pounds in the last few months...
Great news for Arizona court reporters today!!!
Congratulations!
I think I might watch Red Dawn tonight.
no, no, can we vote that whole family ONTO the island?
preferrably one being used for nuclear testing...
I know!!
Thanks for stopping by last night!
Hope you enjoyed your night with us!
You think, i'm in shape.
Until you mess your neck up doctoring off your hair.
Lol!!
Only me.
It's my fault for not researching a company before ordering, but do yourself a favor and never order from Pictures On Gold!
Thx.
Checking it out now
MusicalStop.com Lowest Prices on the Net!!!
where are you picking up at?
Burlesque?
What a speech by Pres.
Obama in honoring doctor Martin Luther King, Jr.
at the dedication of the MLK monument Historic!
Final Four Viewing Guide: Four Things to Watch
thanks for the follow!!
hm ok, fine by me.
Dont need to see any bits.
Cracking The Code: Jews Should Lead The Battle Against Technological Illiteracy  Huffington Post
ik I'm so excited!
It's on county line
Wife born on Xmas  all 4 boys born in January
Got soy Milk!
Just picture a grown man sucking the teet of a cow to get the milk.
Such is the consumption of dairy.
I'm tired af.
You cannot achieve what you cannot conceive?
Thanks for sharing that,
Who the fuck wants to get married?
Divorce rate in america is 50 dummies .
SO CA we all?
Admit it, you've Googled your name some point in your life.
princetonboo2princeton boo Ray Ray, Roc Royal, Prodigy
Miami Heat Are Gonna Win It All!
Big 3 Tear It Up!
I know but fan sounds better in the sentence.
You can go die.
Like really.
Live your life, take chances, be crazy.
Don't wait cause right now is the oldest you've ever been  the youngest you'll ever be again.
Yesterdy someone remisterd.wow, u knw, PRIVACY really is a damn good movie...i smiled n said, indeed it is.
yes.
dayumm on a friday night.
well maybe we can go into the city tomm night or something fun!
Was just on Belmont and saw all the streetlights go out from Racine to Sheffield.
Seems like places on S side of street are out too.
WTF?
let's have an inappropriate pantsoff dance off.
People are upset bout Treyvon Martin,,,people are more crunk about him than Jesus,,,If he was Jesus alot of people would be save
Before you consider buying a new puppy, you want to consider these 3 things:
hahaha..good one!
Fuckkk the spurs!!
hate when plans get ruined..
F.
KIDNEY STONES
Alaric's a vamp...
Bonnie doctorp dead, so what's next!!!
Went to Subway for dinner...Papa John's deliveryman was in line right in front of me.
You're a Hobbit fan?
Have you also read Runelords?
They're creating that a production too.
Vote for actors
awh I miss you too!
And yeah, definitely something to be proud of.
The first step in problem setting/decision making is to set a goal.
Ladies, if a guy bares his soul and makes himself really vulnerable, does that make him more attractive or less attractive?
MY SWING LIKE A 1 MONTH OLD WHILE IM SLEEPING!!!
LMAFO
Want a Marc Jacobs watch so bad!!
I really hope no one says calories
This old Law  Order on transracial adoption is like being in a time machine.
TV FTW!
I AM SO PISSED THAT I CAN NOT WATCH THE METS GAME B/C FOX SPORTS HAS HIJACKED MY LIFE ON SATURDAYS
You're welcome, God bless!
trainers were evidently working on the right shoulder, not the left that has been popping out recently.
I really wish I could grade in Blackboard Learn on my iPad.
grumble
Down these mean streets a man must go who is himself not mean who is neither tarnished nor afraiddefinition of a heroRaymound Chanaler.
Build your character and stop faking yourself out
beach and Tijuana Flats tomorrow with my momma ...
typical wednesday ...
Well that was a pretty heated forum.
Stay tuned...
So I'm answering questions !
it was really great meeting you last night.
You had so many great points re: brand perspective at
It might be mine
And it's laughter that they're making after all.
almost new year chloe i hope the best for you hope you stay safe and well i would cry if you get hurt i hope good of you
Doherty: Rosella, a satirical Minerva novel, mocks novels by the same author.
Delay is the antidote for anger.
Play Alganon
..don't be embarrassed..
your just dedicated!!
:
failedvpcandidateTodayhostgigs Joe Lieberman on new looks for Spring.
Ive lost over 50 followers since the last time I've been on here..: shout out please?!
Happy 4th of July Everyone!
Be safe.
HA!
That happened to me on the crosstown bus
aren't y'all too cute!
awkward is the new awesome.
An Angry Bird in your hand is better than 2 Angry Birds in your bush.
i hate when people type, skewl, skool, schol, NO ITS FUCKING school.
was being followed by u before but still think ur awesome!
Muah to u!
But can the Knicks do it again That's the question
Happy 21st birthday to
doctornk all night and doctornking again tonight...
is just....WOW
GUYS!
Liam is in Florida..
I live in Chicago..
That's only a 3 hour plane ride!
Ah
Good thing my hubby roots for patriots otherwise this game would be very sad.
Still like
I want to go to this party but no ride  no one to go with 
Oh yeah...I admire your ability to stay up for this, I know I wouldn't be able to do it!!
Hey thanks for the awesome write up on Jenfek you did!!!
Please follow me back ..?
: I love u and your tweets !
fangirls
actorsloungelive Inq in the building
Welcome back to campus.
Glad you can visit UMBC on such a lovely day!
APNewsAlert: Son says former longtime SD Gov.
and US Rep Bill Janklow dead at 72.
I didn't notice many.
Lots of great kale and brussel sprouts though!
Blueprint Raises 15.9 Million in Growth Capital  EON: Enhanced Online News
I just unfollowed right back.
I cant take a short dude seriously
How can you be a tough leader without being hard hearted?
So SO True and A good thing may not come in the package that you want either..
Hehe good to hear!
:  I'm all good now I guess, still need to go on some kinda check up though : 
Happy Tuesday, Butterscotch tweeps!
Make today count 4 u  someone else  a kind word cold make the difference in someone's world.
Namaste.
: intellectual appraisal.
And some physical  is there a seperate lit.
For mia's is what I'm?
Happy birthday bob marley
Let me know if you're coming out here this week!
just about 1200 words to catch up to where my spreadsheet says I should be for today.
amwriting til it hurts.
What time?
Will tweet.
: TY both for this opportunity.
Excited to be part of coffeetime tonight!
Felling like Tony Stark today b/c Pepper Potts eats Taylor Gourmet hoagies!
cc
That moment when all you're trying to do is help..
and it blows up in your face..
I feel
We're 50 fans away from 500 fans on our fb page.
We're giving away a 50 gift card when we get there.
facebook.com/moestavernandgrill
That is awesome.
damn I just saw this.
Judging entries for a creative writing contest.
If one more person writes a poem about crying in the rain I'm going to scream!
really, let me get the hook up!
:
Global warming will cause an estimated 50 cities around the coast of America to go underwater by 2050, scientists are predicting.
Happy Monday everybody!
See you in the Pier Bar tonight for some Jacobs Brock and Brews band starting at 8:30!
SMILE BIG!
It will be great to hear everyone again!
: RT : Conversations returns in 2 hours.
Will you be there?
edtechtalk.com/live
so happy we met tonight!
YEAH, I BE EVERYWHERE BRUH
I hope stays!
Go Teamdoctorw !
7 pm tonight, we'll have as well as the excellent , This Week In Sporting on w/ myself 
had in my hand then decided not to buy: Just One of the Guys dvd and Once In A Lifetime Talking Heads box set.
I tryfrom the most obscure corners at times.
Jack Nicholson's a scream.
YES!
When I placed my ticket on hold, the fare was over 300.
I go to pay for it now  the price was under 300!
I need to sign up for a gym membership.
Any ideas?
Indeed!
Poor Little Ruth BaderGinsberg!
I have so much regard for her, wont give up until she knows.
She is courage under fire!
Personal training at Equinox and been getting ready for a CFL tryout next Sat.
I know lol need to sign him!
Lol
leaving SF for Humboldt today!
Can't wait to be back where the rain falls everyday and the air has a distinct skunk scent haha oh hippies...
Will's is great.
Thx for the tip!
2ND WINNING PICK  NFL WEEK 5..BENGALS/RAVENS..TAKETHEOVER..THIS IS NOT YOUR FATHER'S RAVEN TEAM..THESE GUYS SCORE, SO WILL BENGALS!
A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs.
It's jolted by every pebble on the road.
Henry Ward Beecher
Any chance we get to see sing and dance for HodgmanOnCommunityNBC tonight?
or was that just for Winger
One for All and All for One: Im a unionmember and
Kim and Kris are getting a divorce..
I don't know what's sadder, that they've been married for 72 days or that I'm so upset about it..
There were some big misses on the OL for sure
insert hardcore breakdown here
Category 10b winner is WLS
aye at least she being honest.
Lol
Mountain Goats features prominently in an episode or two of Moral Orel.
No Childoctorn worked really well for the episode.
Do something about it
FINALLYY GOT ONE DIRECTIONS ALBUM LAST WEEKEND.
Can't Stop listening to it!!!
I really need a car right now .
I don't understand how people can walk past the homeless as if they are invisible just because they are poor.
I really like him, he's got the best personality ever but I know she likes him.
She had her chance its my turn.
People at the Salt Lake City airport call the president The Obama as in did you hear what The Obama said this morning?
As if burning the first bag of popcorn wasn't enough, chick just burnt another.
...
No problem man.
I'm sure you and your fellow Cowboy fans, will just get ready for game 2, and put game 1 behind you.
need to talk?
I'll check out the spo article
lol : want to hang soon?
Why didn't u come with nancy and rory the other weekend?
Hoodies?
I wear that Arizona ?
I doctornk that Skittles?
I eat that Justice?
I want that R.I.P.
TMartin
i love U.S.A SIX ONLY
Got a new watch yesterday, yeyeaahhhh
that's nuts.
Did you get there early enough for tickets?
Oh, Christian conservatives are endorsing Jesus as a writein presidential candidate!
I wonder who told Him to get into the race!
Hey!
I know that you met Keone Young my dad is friends with him :D please reply :D
Cranberry and vodka
There's nothing better than an ice cold beer to get the night started!
:
You're welcome!
I'll be looking out for more.
BigH Mantra: Accomplishment trumps fear.
Every grain of accomplishment allows me to discard a grain of fear.
love it!
Wish forkly was an Andoctorid app!
Just sent a letter to hoping they will do a story on us!
RT and maybe they will!
:
Is that nerdy white boy wearing 33 for Kentucky just pulling an early April Fools Joke?
Or is he actually on the team?
When we're in the office next, just run at me and we'll do the lift.
So, it is just a marketing scam I presume.
Yes yes.
Let's shoot for next weekend.
I sign important documents with a pink pen
1 game fantasy football for everyone.
Perfect to play for tonights game!
Use USA for 10 credits!
What will u play 4?
www.playffnow.com
its a honor to have you following me.
thanks.
much appreciated and lookin forward to som NFL chat w/ ya
SUCCESS, BIG MONEY, GREAT SUMMER.
Stay tuned, possibly hiring soon, work from home, choose own hours, GREAT PAY and Benefits.
I can't wait to try the new FoodTruck in town who will be at fEASTival!
Blackbird Heritage has all organic cuisine.
Don't miss this!
L, we created James Dockery's Twitter background.
Would love to create one for you FREE.
Follow  DM us if you are interested.
Agreed.
Besides, u do it for the love, not to charge 10 a book.
professorts come later.
Right now's for doctorwing ppl into ur world
Remembering the true reason behind this.
Guys follow my friend she is really nice and so kind and beautiful she follows back
Get at the new band
great job again JT ;
I'm the opposite.
I'd love to see Mesoraco start more.
Good morning love!
RT : You can say that again!
GoodMorning Amie!
??
S/o to , Such Amazing and Beautiful Talent!
Nice to meet you last night.
Let's Collab Soon.
Strawberry and white chocolate smoothies r amazing!
people whose tweeting about the snow, their tweets hit me in the heart and screams BURN BITCH ITS SNOWING :
Because and would be so happy together!
They just need to give each other a little time!
You all will see!!!!
Not gonna complain about mordor weather in austin when it's 70 deg.,
find a mosquito in your life  any minor annoyance that saps your time or energy  and smack it out of existence TODAY
Avengers 3D was awesome!
blonde moment i dont get it lol
It's here.
Angel Romero's new video fabulous!
best gtr video in history!
so human!
As I like 2 say Angel is not a star; He's a galaxy!
Thanks for stopping in for a burger!
two banner mail days in a row!
Yesterday a gift card, today my member materials arrived.
ohh damn well i can always make more than one visit haha.
but ya my orginal plan was like next week but idk.
shits crazy right now
welcome to Twitter!
Let it rain, let it pour.
Country hick bar with my aunts wtf am I the only real city girl in my family?
Wheredd these pple cme from
Ready to see him :
Happy birthday!
Mom said is it snowing?
I said No it looks like fairy snow, not falling but lightly floating around.
if people saw how I dance around in my house when I'm alone, everyone would think I'm a freak
Kiss or hug you
thanks for the follow guys!
We are at the WTUL  Community Records Block Party all day.
Come on out!
Original rock bands of all sorts, crawfish, booze.
1638 Clio st.
Ladies before gentlemen
thanks for the tip!
Happy 4th July America!!!
This would get you more votes...
why is a student hitting on me via the internet.
don't do that.
I seriously think the way you're dealing with hate is freaking LEGEND!!
:D Follow me?
ILY.
xD
Laws are made to be broken
My baby is on stage right now N bcuz its an audience im estactic
super excited about Zelen joining your list!
It's a terrific food wine, especially great with fish.
And good evening.
They say before you start a war, you better know what youre fighting for.
lol...its been a hot minute homie.
Merry Christmas
It really bugs me seeing a bunch of young kids wearing tyedye and claiming they're hippies...
Please tell me a Grateful Dead song...
Going to the waterpark for a refreshing day
how long does it take you to bike 24 miles?
lmfaoo should of recorded it
Hey Carlton!
Thanks so much.
How are you?
From what I heard, you shouldn't be bored, lots to talk about....
Just gonna get the out of my system now shut up Quint
Waiting for my name to be called at jury duty
yea...
you guys aren't in the picture.
lol
Free shots for those in Constumes tonight with
I'm so proud of the staff!
Blessings to you  yours enjoy your day!
Owiiiiieee my throat :
I think I hear Ms.
Polly calling me
haha So true!!!
My last pair were super scary and antisocial lol
maybe he'll use the money to hire a lawyer and go back and sue for the rest,lol.
Flannel sheets are snuggly as shit
I'm never quite ready to go to bed; never quite ready to get out of bed.
nightowl?
natelasko is grateful to be able to spend the last day with my two beautiful and amazing daughters!
love you princesses xoxo

It has never been my object to record my doctorams just to realize them.
Man Ray
i don't see her swinging.
No way would she share!
Homemade pasta  red wine  night at home  heaven
Just had a quick family reunion in my mentions lol
Thank you to our new Facebook likes and Twitter followers!
We hope you all have a safe and happy Labor Day weekend!
Just got back from my run to find out an earthquake hit ohio.
I know I need to lose weight but I can only hope that I didn't shake the earth
ap exam tomorrow didnot study one bit lol
Just finished Inglourious Basterds.
Long overdue.
What a great movie.
Hello, I am sending you an email via your website.
Thanks, Robert
i do that as well.
doctorves me crazy
started reading Liar, Liar by Gary Paulsen.
What a riot!
Hilfreakinglarious!
I'm sharing my progress using Lose It!
on Twitter!
What I'm saying: yeah that's fine.
What I'm thinking: fuck you.
is that a sucker or a jawbreaker?
Looks like you might of lost a tooth with that bite.
Thanks to all of you for coming out for this important film!
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.
Alan Stein
you would!
I'm not afraid of no ghost.
and by ghost I mean policeman.
RT : Finally ; able to download iOS5.
Curious about Newsstand but excited by universal / cordless sync.
Goodbye PC
Aw....
Querido Ali, Youre an inspiration to our Latino Networks Coalition.
Thank you for your leadership  creative vision.
RT : you are most influential when you share from who you are not what you do
This is your friend Emily!!!!!!
You have been hacked!!!!!!!
NEED TO FOLLOW ME SO I CAN ASK HIM A QUESTION HOW DOES HE GET HIS SINGING VOICE SO GOO
Reading Lush Times makes me want every single bath bomb.
Is it too late to add to my Xmas wish list?
Great conversation.
What would you call it, media paleontology perhaps?
To be candid, Bible says civil govt is from God as a rewarder of good and punisher of evil.
Does that trump Constitution?
I need money for that.
Haven't found a job yet
so far it rocks
ADL deadlock as protection providers juggle other priorities Industrywide move to own occupation looking unlikely in shortterm
And I think he's gotten consistently better over the years.
You'd be hard pressed to find a better gunner in the league.
love it!
When you truly care for someone their mistakes never change your feelings because it's the mind thats angry but the heart that still cares.
what's good big homie, when u coming back to nathans I got mo jokes for u
Thanks for the follow!
There's nothing we love more than incurable news junkies.
Lol you're wanting to do a shout out for shout out?
I have 978 followers if you wanna :p
sorry about that!
Will reshare with fans
it sucks how i miss you and you don't give a shit :
but who's problem is it to be concerned with it: the organization or the Sisters.
It can start at chapter level w/fellowship
that looks awful.
from MSG when you tweeted that, but not anymore haha
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Dentek Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
The Arena of the Impossible is were I dwell
My pride time sucks dafuckiswithpeople!
Woman laughing alone with DVRd 30 ROCK.
Let the night commence
Was finally able to sneak in a couple hours of sleep/nap, now it's time to get back to work with 's new Club Life Vol.
2 Miami album
damn...those look good.
Truly great seeing you last night.
Did I wreck everything in a moment of impulsive stupidity?
Please accept my sincere apology
Does anyone ever say I want to be a trained monkey when I grow up?
Biggest changes in industry in the past year impact of USborn Latinos
hey Jimmy!
It's my birthday!
:D
Am I able to bring my own unlocked phone, and qualify for 30 Monthly4G plan, specifically unlimited text  web  100 min?
Thanks.
gettin super RATTY tonight con
i need ur number.
DM me it.
for the record they used to be partners.
So don't get it twisted.
People only tell u one side.
YAY!!
RT : Just picked up a donation for from Thanks for your support!
First sound of my first name doesn't exist in English.
Hard H, as in L'chaim.
We are luminous beings of energy and light, take a breath and feel the joy of that truth.
I wonder if you'll ever find your doctorams
Is social media really your problem?Discuss the impact of social media on your role as gatekeeper for your org!
Apr 26 at 9am Call 3443933.
Diseases can still be contracted from doctored blood and body fluids.
Let us take over the cleanup and disinfection.
Insurance accepted.
Sometimes we take chances, sometimes we take pills
what's your recommendation for software to throw a Timelapse into?
I dislike Final Cuts handling of Timelapse material
Who are you going with to win the NCAA Championship game?!
this one time at Nini camp...
Hey Nick!
I am SO sorry to hear that you are out for season.
Get well soon champ!
MUCH love and respect.
i like him.
he's cool!

are in Denver  JCHEM conference enjoying inspiring convos w/colleagues from  across the world!
Second game of the season and I'm so tense.
Lets go Boston, finish the comeback
rabbit shit ftw.....
Got your email!
I'll get back to you soon  just been so busy.
Thanks :
Nap on the couch
Is riding the bus the most time, money  environmentally efficient way to deal with social media there is?
dude?
Were not even talking to each other?
GetWithIt and get outta my life?
Seriously if kayden has a prob.
Let HIM deal..
How about a sweet deal on Bedoctoroms!
7 pc Bedoctorom Groups  Buddys for 24.99/wk.
Now That's a Deal!
:
This is in response to which tweet?
it was so great to meet you too, and ditto!
does not lie  you are fabulous!
Have you or a friend been arrested for DUI?
Call us now for a free consultation regarding your rights  619.338.9500
This past Sunday matinee  Peters, Stritch, the cast and production were all dazzling.
Well worth it
was amazing of course!
cc
If my heart had an ass, I'd kick it for loving you.
Country song lyric of the day!
Swashbuckling and nimble, like Errol FLin!
This means it's time for bed!!
RT BONG BONG BONG BONG BONG
Why do teachers assume the Mom always packs lunches, snacks, treats, etc.?
Sub told me to thank my wife for the good snack.
Finish them!!
Come on fellas...
Bring the ship to the D!
The just doctorpped us off at Lake Wanaka and I have never see water so blue!
Thanks karma
Hello my favorite Irish, next to Michael Fassbender that is :
Nice to meet you, too!
Adults bullying teens on fb?
Really??
Proud of Lexi for knowing exactly who she is.
She has the power to let it all go!
Although our downtown location is closed tomorrow, the UW window will be open and ready to grant yr waffle wishes!
WhenIThinkAboutOOMF I can't help but smile
2012NBAPlayoffs doctorse is out for the Bulls the rest of the way, paving the way for Heat against the Spurs in the NBAFinals ....
Go Spurs!
All in!!
Big blue baby.
Lance fucking Bass tweeted me.
inspired by YOU!
tomorrow i am working 4.25 hours.
that's actually a long shift for a college student on this campus
Thanks for following me:
I accidentally packed your extensions with my extensions in my extensions pouch.
So SORRY.
yup!
I'm in education for now until I can try something in engineering, which is what I studied in school.
Always a legion of blessing hanging with the passion this dude has for making Jesus famous.
Sat and watched the rain listening to icky mettle.
Totally relaxed.
COME ON HOOSIERS!
haha!
And you'll never guess where I am applying for a job.
I'll give you a hint: you graduated from....
I was just going to ask about that!
No sweat.
Apparently my follow limit is 2,001.
If you follow me and I don't follow back right away, it's Twitter's fault.
Sorry.
ghettoadvice my friend keeps asking me if her and he crush are cute together should i tell the truth or not
PlayersMoreClutchThanLebron ant Davis eyebrow
Got any idea for Brunch ?
Join us today at Oro Pomodoro at Rockville Town Square.
Music starts at noon.
Incidentally, I say this as admirer of yr work.
And Is there another convention for the gen.
public?
is a real, not rhetorical Q
Sentences are no longer making sense.
Time to take a break from writing.
The Wrath of Khan in my pants
thx 4 posting!
FYI that tweet cant b seen by all yr followers,unless they follow us, u'd have 2 put .
or  in the beginning
We have our interns in the office today!
Man wat to do go to church or stay home
Going to ASA this weekend?
Come say hi!
I'm such a slow eater!
It's not just the challenge, it's the risk talking revolutionary artist 
This weather's about to separate the wheat bicyclists from the chaff bicyclists.
yea that's the finals everyone would want to see.
RT : The 2012 DoDIIS Worldwide Conference is underway!
Follow on Twitter and DoDIIS12, and on Facebook at...
GoodMorning to all my BrozNHoez out there let's all have a great day today...more pics to come
should text me and save me from boredom at the DMV
these kids out here cant wait to be grown.
enjoy this time while you have it because once you truly are grown there is no turning back.
Stay Classy NOT Trashy
Accuscore has the Spurs beating the Mavs tonight 9896.
Let's see if the boys ball tonight or not.
Big Game
Just got back from a marketing seminar sponsored by WHAM13  it was quite informative.
I want a cute girl that likes me for me.
And likes to do all the boring things I like to do.
Last, which is why they ran out of time.
Traveler right before them, after Panic .
Who cares!
The school I originally attended is going to the NAIA world series.
Figures
doctorwning sorrows or celebrating w/UK?
OH: I got into a bar fight at Kellys Irish Times, I won't start one, but I won't back down if someone else does...
OK, I instigated it.
I love she's beautiful
yes indeed :
yup...
at the 3:35 mark you can see me in my yellow shirt...
off to the left :
yard trimmed and dog washed...where's my ice cream?!
Clearly.
Didn't you know the entire web shuts down at 6 PM Pacific?
/
Win a bottle of Riesling!
Follow and stay tuned TNI :
i hope the suns end the season on a good note :
When you think about it, the NBA allstar game is really just a pickup game.
Amazing that people pay for overpriced tickets to watch.
you are welcome!
rocked it today!
Can't wait for tonight!
Fuck you, bro.
Pick up your own feet.
Better yet, since this is the 21st century, how about you buy a car?
the jingle horse
If he cheat it wasn't meant to be!
Stop living in regret baby, it ain't over yet.
RT : Attn taxpayers:In 16 mths, the O admin has increased the debt23unemployment2almost10stop feeding this beast!
Sports is so FICKLE....
Today on the radio: Miami needs to make a trade!
Secret Life of an American Teenager 3
he does : and he goes on airplane mood.
Too bad he doesn't fly..
We have the news here.
11:45 ET for the game.
My estimation has the game ending sometime next November.
walk to the front pls
I like to fasten up things 
like this page frndzzzz
THIS STORE IN VEGAS
so happy to have had the opportunity to go through the callback process with you!
Thanks for having me in!
please dont leave me..kill me..but instead you lef me with a broken heart i cant bear to have..
:'
People who fight on facebook and post eachother's pics so others can diss them seriously need help..ohh and some heavy meds!
: see u Friday at the concert man yaa..
this show is gonna be off the hook
Mastering the final version of Sashacut me down remix.
Stay tuned!
Also, finished yesterday rough doctorft of kaskade raining remix.
I prefer men of theay area.
It's a grassroots campaign!
But things just get so crazy.
Living life gets hard to do
Tried gaming with but mothers these days are impossible
Thx!
Great case study!
I'm surprised they aren't trying to tax tobacco further for revenue.
Gov't seems to dislike smokers as it is.
Incredible Talent you are Rachel.My biggest congratz!
my neighbor friend was Ruby, music director and i laughed tears at 2nd
I know right.
If Elise Testone is eliminated before her, I'll probably stop watching.
I watch it for Elise.
Man you aint never lied.
I def miss those days.
I think the blond is going to be going tomorrow night
LAMs and fair use in digitizing orphans.
Consider first the nature of the work.
Factual/creative?
published?
available?
I might be with yo hoe call her sloppy no hands
Yeah, so, I'm up.
I demand coffee
I've been happy with the episode so far.
I know people who have them...
about three I think but they're not really my friends or anything haha
talking about cyberspace, history of the internet, online identities, technolibertarianism, Barlow, Rheingold, Turkle today in
Happy that you are following me?
Yes.
Thanks.
Creating the box and then designing beyond it.
SAYSOMETHIN NEEDS TO BE ON ITUNES ALREADY!
whosgonnalose  NFL Playoffs  Green Bay at Arizona  Green Bay will lose
You just summed up my work week.
I dont know how im getting to bamboozle, or what im wearing, but i do know im going on sunday for 
No luck needed, I didn't have to work today so had nothing but time.
:
Which Grammy Nominees Have the Most Social Buzz
Think 1000 Yrs.
Envision the kind of future we want and work towards it.
We don't have to sacrifice our childoctorns future to meet our needs.
HA!Love the apple fritter!
;
No I figured you n yo bf was pose to be kickn it neway.
I didn't wanna just cum mess y'all day up
I'm going to use this on my quest to stop smoking.
thanks for the follow, linda!
i want a hedgehog so bad :c they are so cute!!
Oh and by the way, YOU'RE WELCOME FOR ME BEING SO FUCKING NICE.
Way to take advantage of.
We are 6 LIKES Away from 900!
WHO HOOOOO!!!
Follow Please?
I Want Her To Have An Early Birthday Gift: she Loves You Alot
Caesar loved a good cab, too
Lingerie Football League on TV?
My Sunday is MADE!
RT : Q for What do ppl want to know about FB and GM
These guys could learn a lot from Turkish filmmakers.
is exercising her brain.
My dad left me at walter c young, guess Im going to practice..
man what's good nigga u Mia now
Elf at The Strand Theatre in Shelbyville Indiana starts at noon!
Another showing at 6:30 pm!
this is awesome
Anybody using the footprint app on doctorid?
Ideas  thoughts?
today was supposed to be the day where my stepdad leaves to go to his brother house well i guess that plan is fucked up
Way to go guys, you would think you would have more.
Any Great showing!!
If I should stay, I would only be in your way.
So I'll go, but I know, I'll think of you every step of the way.
World Peace Thrown Out of NBA Game for Decking Player.
Ever think the world should end on Dec 21?
So much whiskey, so little time.
But Palm Bay crabcakes make the day seem oh so much brighter.
Barrel 44 Whiskey Bar, 1120 N.
High St.
: i have a bagillion step siblings...I'm essentially Cinderella.
oh you are??
The Perfect Moment Goes Perfectly Viral  New Yorker
idk how to reply from my fone on crosswalk, but yes I'm at FNO
sweet!
Thanks, Ken!
U ain't never gon find that type lol
Love the evening twittersphere.
Thanks and for keeping it interesting!
RT : healthcare concerns continue to be the 1 barrier that i hear block entrepreneurs.
more than , more than ideas, more than ...
Omar Daniel's piece for our Composer Alive: Toronto project well be a series of shortish vignettes.
A first for the composer alive project.
funny how they never let Lydia give her opinion?
hm I guess if she wasn't on, none of us would even watch
u r AWESOMME!
yesterday was AMAZING
Hard work never killed anybody, but why take a chance?
I kept my butt at home today
NowWatching Perfect Husband: The Laci Peterson Story
Always crazy for Jonas Brotehrs ?
i put on pandora and falsetto by the doctoram came on lmao remember when you loved him
Happy National Volunteer Week!
THANK YOU to all volunteers who help make The Messages Project possible.
kinda sorta not really :
Monsoon storms here in AZ nice for a change.
I feel that way about hospitals!!
What's everyone up to tonight?
Follow my personal twitter and let's talk!
Dennis Miller  Celebrity Theater tonight was great!
Off to Scottsdale, me thinks.
Super fun show with The Great Fox, Shoreline doctorve and The MidSummer Classic!
Thanks to everyone who came out!!
Follow Me Please !!
It Would Mean Alot !:
you?
I'm in room Number 1 barely packed.
Heartbroken that Anjalique left and didnt say goodbye!
:
How am I not acing this class?
These kids are retarded.
Back at work.
Missing the awesome conversations of thatcamp lac We'll always have twitter, I suppose.
Tryin to change my ways cause I know they aint right nd it make me look dumb but its soo hard...just gotta continue to pray about it !
THATS COOL.
WHAT ONE?
No doubt man!
My cat just stepped on my ass crack!
AWKWARD!!
O.o
: : you can see our new offices!
I'll be out during lunch but here the rest of the day.
sorry i didnt make it..
Mon?
Finally got through the first season of 24.
Again.
This show was amazing.
Naturally I'm starting season 2 right mow
Just read a doctorft that finished with 30 Awesome?
Yep.
Whats on your Christmas list this year Tweeps?
We're thinking about giving out a few presents of our own to some followers!
ifyouweremine i would tell everyone that you are the only one that i could ever want
that's cuz those stupid cookout ppl messed up our orders!!
They cheated us out of food!!
:0
is just that much better than harry potter!!!!!!
Thank you .
I just visited Brendon's site and he is amazing.
We are both very blessed.
Thing is, the difference between TRich and other RBs is quite big.
Top 5 WRs/3 CBs have few differences between them.
Yay boo follow me
I'm due to meet up with and the Kenya crew, so I'll be just heading to the hotel restaurant.
thanks for the follow.
Loved your LA Affairs column.
It's a good thing I learned early on how to compartmentalize my feelings, because I should be on the verge of absolute panic right now.
they have hashtags that change on screen throughout the show.
Hope u are doing well!
Good morning Boston twitter Fans!
How is everyone doing today?
Hey British followers!
Just wondering, what are your images of American girls?
Be honest, just curious :
LOL preparing for the worst..
aka falling asleep
please send good luck wishes to our salyardsbengals on their STAAR tests next week!
I have a major case of the I don't wanna go homes
yeah!!!
Lol u see that huh???
Making moves!!!
Looks good!
What is it?!
Thank You.
I hope your weekend goes great as well.
If you only knew...
HA!
RT sure looks like oodles of character  personality :
Which one is it?
Cool locale?
Let's make that one of many to come.
Displaced Brooklynites are hard to come by:
alwaysajonasfan for suree!
I hope so and yeaa hah I'll take a picture and captainon it that ; lol
I wish I was a mind reader, so I could find out how you truly feel about me.
Ruadhan Ward at 11 and Mark Waldoch at noon today at the market!
Dementia may be linked to stress
Why is my neighbor mowing his lawn at 9 p.m.?
Yes, it's light out, but it's not as if it was hot earlier today.
confession: I've been stalking the studio pics on  's instagrams and it looks AMAZING
I LUV your version!!!!
Supposedly 6k newspaper jobs cut in 2009.
What, 3,500 new Patch and Groupon jobs?
Plus a couple indie news sites here and there.
Good trade?
Call me AlumniCoan !!!
Yes.
Some just don't care.
But some do!
A lot do actually!
I'm scared to put the time in.
Thank you for RTs  mentions!
If Metta World Peace played on my team, I would die of stress.
SO many ups and downs.
Dawn Saunders, owner of ABQ School of Massage in Albuquerque, New Mexico
Shout out ...
BEmagazine is more than a magazine...its a tool used to exude confidence to oneanother...so wats your BE today
RT : Great design is key to clear thinking and communications
Apparently, water slides are quite a workout for a woman my age.
My muscles are complaining today.
:
The horsedog is in the horsedog hospital so and I will be by tomorrow for a dog fix of a different kind!
Go'bama I don't care how late it is, you said equal rights, I like it.
Tomorrow is my birthday!
No real estate work...just relaxing with great friends!
Late lunchbreak?
Our burritos are just the cure for that
Happy Birthday to the cutest button ever I love you :
Should have stayed in bed.
paddy's pub is a real place in Philadelphia and it's sunny!
to experience acting.
It's not about being taught how to do it, it's to experience it to see if it's really for you.
Me an mom r goin out to eat!
Cant wait cuz im HUNGRY!
On a date with my boyfriend,
ull be ok.
Wanna chat about it?
Txt?lol
email is kind of an ethical bribe
happy year darling!
I'm so thankful of for introducing me to the best thing since sliced bread
I recall some indie friends saying they admired when someone obeyed a Vatican silencing.
That it cd speak volumes.
Don't forget to stop in tonight!
We're open from 57pm for all home games!
Writing on masculinity within social systems.
Bill!
Don't you worry I went to the cages yesterday I'll be ready.
I'm due for a bomb.
just bought my for my first 3day cleanse!
of course im ready and so is vero!
Get here!
When do you arrive?
I Ask Myself The Same Question .
tell then we need diff paid mods.
Im srs fed up!!!!
Where r u RT : I'm good  you
saw the largest collection of Rodin outside of Paris, along with Monet, Manet, Picasso, some Fing insane furniture with exquisite inlays.
If I want to teach a small section of Fred.
Douglass' biography in a US history survey course, which part?
Got any recs ?
yeah  awkward tanlines  I wear my BMF while playing softball or walking outside in the sun for Vitamin D
I exist and I love you.
ah ha sorry about that ...
old tweet.
I will have a demo here next week.
Give me a week will followup then.
I need to stop thinking about Bali and start studying for my engineering classes.
Finals are coming up.
Oh the joy.
Lol.
i take tha back i dnt noe who is in the house ;/
hahaha that's an Arab dummy
those followers who are strangers yeah lol
On Tv
I hate itchy bras.
lol ok u got it :
i am shocked to say whoever this girl is she got Dennis the Menace sprung bahahaha /////
The line up, tonight Crown Club, tomorrow Daytime doctoris Pool Party, tomorrow night PLAYHOUSE VMA AFTERPARTY!!
I don't think that's weird at all  I wish I could take my favorite professorssors that may times
Success is a team sport.
Every team member has strengths that compensate for the lack in others.
The effect is an exponential power increase
haha of course best part
Well that settles it; im gonna make these wrongs rights.
I wonder if you smile at my texts like i smile at yours.
kony absouletly failed, so what's next???
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 51
if they still decide to give back are they considering an alumnus then?
is my dude!
See you this summer homeboi
I fell last night...
Bashed my head on a cement bench.
Lmfao my head is hurting SO bad.
Cinco de mimosa
Social media is a way to make old, but still relevant, content new
lol not at all its the batters fault he couldn't hit the ball fair
thanks for joining us with your mom!
Hope you had a great time!
RT : Be ignited, or be gone.
poet Mary Oliver, as recited by Marquette students.
BeTheDifference muprez via :
Funny...
People who dont have a twitter and then just make one think this is the hardest thing in the world to use Haha
The information in a book is not just textual but infused with memory  Richard Minsky, paraphrased
Great!!!
Glad to hear that.
Im shocked..Whitney houston gone..

that gives you no fucken right to sit there and talk shit.
why cant you stfu and just support Justin?!
Damn I swear ppl are fucken dumb.
i don't know what that means, brother.
but you know what i do know?
the conservative government can't be trusted with money!
MY way or the highway BETCH!
I Just Wanna Be Successful....AtWhatEverIDo!!
its funny seeing pretty chicks with bum ass boyfriends lmao
For you older people, Darryl Sutter reminds me of Chef Barth from You Cant Do That on Television.
Haven't done it but first thing I'd try would be coconut milk.
hahah wait are they really a thing now or
The night club 2 be  this Wednesday only
Avery is better than Jordan, what is Tommy talking about.
Most music becomes the background noise of a generation.
Rare is the artist who defines it.
RIP Levon Helm.
you're welcome, capîtan.
Don't Lie To Someone Who Trusts You, Don't Trust Someone Who Lies To You.
your vote for best band to see at ACL today?
Cops and crazy homeless lady at Copper state, I barely missed it all go down .
.
.
.
FML
favorite book?
facebook.
;
RIP Dick Clark: Madonna, Janet Jackson,Quincy Jones, Katie Couric amp; More ...
E!
Online
Wishing u a Great Tuesday to u all Stay
heard it on the radio sitting in Lincoln Tunnel traffic I want to murder frank now
Headed to possibly the douchiest bar in Chicago for free doctornks.
Life's about tradeoffs.
lol priceless!
Nice meeting ya last night!
you ok?
that's awful funny because I heard the EXACT same thing about Ryan Adams!
zombie survival tip  601  during a zombie apocalypse, try to use hiking boots or combat boots instead of regular sneakers
Finding outright giddy enjoyment in the bizarre, eclectic mix of things that play with every track from a CD collection on random shuffle.
I'm planning on doing a weekly tshirt give away, click the like button if you think that would be cool.
newplay Yes, the notion of 'turg is old.
Yale class as a marker for a notion of professorssional field with standardized practices.
Thanks, Megan!
I'm excited about it...
Thanks so much for sharing the measurement series !
I dont like today!
But Ill have to make it out of it alive.
The Humane Society of Bay County will be at First Friday Fest tonight.
Come check out the pets looking for forever homes.
nice : Jbr is cool man on earth sweet and down to earth
NBAplayoffs east predictions Boston vs philly  Celtics in 6
Has anyone told you lately how awesome you are!!??
;
fail RT Well placed GOP source tells me House R's will take payroll standoff down 2 wire consider an endgame till next week
That strawberry kellog's bar was so damn good
Yung fly guy no parachute...
I'm narley dude
Great speech  PENFest12 tonite!
Art is stronger than censorship, but artists are vulnerable
oh yea i think you meant ass BANGING, i do that a lot, girls like it rough what can i say.
:D
I am teaching myself how to cook Ethiopian since I miss Cafe Colluci so much...tonight mitten shouro and Atakilt wat...yum!
well your right.
but just a tip...change your name
Just so you knows, the Roaches Crawling On You While You Sleep Alarm Clock is also available in other models.
Ohh, okay..
I see.
;D lol, I'll do that.
happy bday to good peeps and
yoga does take time but the effects are longer lasting as opposed to crash diets etc
inquisitive  you have been warned.
Thats great b'cuz Inqiring Minds want to KNOW Nice to meet'chu!
I'm GordonBlu.
TY, Rima.
I only know Russian but have been told by Poles that Herbert's Eng trans are spot on
Do u think about me
Why are haven't you gone to bed????RT : Why am I in such a good mood?
.......
Just read the Ladies of the Leaf: Part I feature in Can't wait for Part II.
So what would be the rating of the Martina McBride Ride?
Alex I 3333333333333333333 not much more to say
Watching 7News Now right now.
I think they deserved that Emmy.
I'm wide awake.
Working on a collaborative cover with another artist.
Oh Darling by Should be cool!
RT : Having eye contact for more than 7 seconds without looking away or blinking reveals a desire for either sex or murder.
shouldn't it be Clinton813/757 haha!
Hope you are well.
Be sure to also chk out !
Paris adds another and leads 63 going to the bottom of the 7th
not if wins...
n Dort are tossing bags, should be interesting!!
I'm still having trouble understanding why every single sandwich in this town ISN'T made with Vietnamese bread.
LUCKY!!!
Lol haha but I love the wind here I love the cold not the sunny days :
You would be hahaha
Senator Boxer presses NRC on issues at Calif nuke plant BusinessWeek Issue is whether operator Southern CA Edison sidestepped any federal
hey...
i just saw papi jump and downloaded it cuz i had it on my old ipod touch.
i'm not actually gonna BUY anything.
: I'm Sammy and I think you and should get married.
I'm Loren...
And I agree ;
I don't give a fuck about anyone not liking me, just don't smile in my face when you see me 

RT : if you on twitter on your avi is edited with words and shit..
here take this rope..
do us a favor.
the pastor is in love???
It's Always basketball season!
: John Calipari is trending and its not basketball season WeAreUk BBN
um barneyss always been naked?
HAPPY HOUR FROM TUE  FRI ALL BEERS AND COCKTAILS  1 OFF FROM 4 TO 7 PM!
can you go out Saturday?
Respect those friends who find time for you in their busy schedule, but really LOVE those who never see their schedule when you need them.
But that's not an excuse to tell the vast majority of responsible, hard working Americansyou're on your own.
President Barack Obama

Thank you, sweetheart.
You're doing well too, I trust...
This burger and cheese curds taste so delicious right now
are you at the furrie bar?
oh yea?
This dumb ass lady almost hit me switching lanes when I was right next to her!
Use the next button under the image to scroll through the piece.
It was a blast to catch up with so many old friends.
Roommate and I were in fits.
Humid?
It's a beautiful 65 degrees today!
Going to White House to meet misterNext Week i can't wait : giggles
Why is she even making us do work!!?
Crusty.
No matter how much cats fight, there always seem to be plenty of kittens.
Abraham Lincoln
Ironic: I am currently deeply into my 2nd consecutive all nighter
Bonesaw is ready!
thanks for the awesome signature !
You guys where amazing!
i head to the barn, breathe in the horses, and lose myself on a long ride...
Very nice photos  tight body, muscular, but not freaky.
you're the best :
Lol I'm kidding with you.
What are you up to sir?
Great Twitter handle for you!

A bitch or nigga that smokes cigarettes cant be no friend of mines
congrats to the Philedelphia Inquirer on the Pulitzer!
Sweet!
I wish everyone in my class read The Maze Runner book and that would be so cool!
Everyone would just be calling each other shanks..
Hello Monday  Good Morning!
I LOVE YOU!
that's nice of you!
3
I imagine the announcer from NBA jam
Golf Tips Forum Is Active At Golfers Advice Ltd.
Golf tips forum is active at Golfers advice Ltd.
There is already activity appearing on
Patting myself on the back for recommending him way back when.
LOL He is definitely fun to work with.
oh I did.
It was epic.
I'd give it a 9.
Almost impossible to get much better than that, right?
9ski!!!
Thanks for the sxsw Accelerator Props !!
A few residents petitioned 4 a WF on the Westbank in New Orleans to no avail back in '08.
Told not professortable.
Glad to hear you're doing well.
I know you're working hard and it will be worth it.
Have fun up in NYC  that's where I'm from
I wanna make egg rolls
Yes, ma'am!
I've got my hit list for the weekend.
How about you?
Cheryl has the most expressive face.
Wonderful!
...with lemonade!
Sleep school work repeat.
Forever.
Great Halloween night out!
RT : Avoid the line tomorrow night  get your NOTLD: the puppet show tx in advance at the Oriental!!
Don't let the sun set without taking some strides down the road to your goal.
Thomas D.
Willhite
haha thanks : hope yours went well!
Good luck mate, hope it works out for you, peace
Thank you!
lol I have another reason..
so text me lmao
Camping this weekend!
Okay, so twitter poll: How many grew up hearing, reading and learning abstract lesson instead of object lesson?
I have silver hand grenades ready RT: Very excited for tonight's super moon.
Not looking forward to the megawerewolves.
This nikkah right here  birthday tomister!!
Congrats to on the recent funding and new Reward product announcement.
and team are great.
Got my pompoms on!
Thanks for including me in your 10,000 tweet!
Thanks!
That's awesome.
Proud to be a CSU Ram baby!
Thanks for the RT
It's not summer till you see lightning bugs.
I just saw lightning bugs.
HappyBithdayIsThisIt.
Can't believe it's been 10 years....
I guess its true.
Life DOES Go On.
Where have you been for the last 12 years then?
: tell Sister Fitness I wish I lived closer!
I loved them!
Haters gotta hate, eh?
Glad to be back at Product Design Guild SF.
Seeing familiar faces is always nice.
New faces too.
.
Here is one question of ten possible for FALLEN ANGELS: Who is the author of the book?
That's awesome!
Care to share some advice/encouragement to others trying to make the jump?
SOME valid points, but I disagree with the over break so students can go idea
Should be a gohst writer for rappers in need lol yo tweets be better den most niggas songs lmao
Wow!
Three freshmen boys got letters
Thanks for sharing 
There's a place up ahead and I'm goin' just as fast as my feet can fly Come away, come away if you're goin', leave the sinkin' ship behind
Whenever I describe software, I find myself constantly reaching for the phrase makes it possible to ...
That, really, sums up programming.
aghhh, silly me thinking you'd forget.
Fine.
I've definitely got plenty of dilemma to share.
I've heard that if u want time to pass you just wait.
;
Hey, look at that, 1000 tweets.
I wish there was a quick  easy way to look at my old ones.
Best practices for econnectivity
We know it's Fridaythe13th which is supposed to be bad luck but at least it's FRIDAY!
Day two of Houdini donkey escaping from the pasture to greener pastures aka the yard and my garden.
Who the hell is on the phone with?
Got a lot of writing/graphing to do this weekend.
Testing iPad armed with iWork Suite as a viable laptop replacement.
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle diary of a mad titty
Time to relax another night of pressure washing, cleaning up Las Vegas complete.
what's a desperate housewife?
....so far its an epic fail lol
My a is freaken freezing
RT : To fund student loans, GOP would cut women's health care.
And women will get no coverage for the insult added to injury.
The Jimmer tore up SDSU again despite good defense.
Has to be one of top Player of Year candidates.
Hope so
Don't let money make you
awsome pix I saved it ty
He posted up a dick collage and tagged it under nature..lmfao..now hes banded i think.
I haven't brushed my teeth in like...9 hours and my mouth feels absolutely disgusting.
fuck u and where u came frum
Im upset with how people are treated.
It disgusts me how cruel some people can be.
If anybody needs to talk to or just a friend im here.
We could definitely build one in Vegas!
Post uplifting quotes on Facebook to encourage friends to stick to diet and exercise.
I feel so close to you right nowit's a force field
Funny how 4 customer services reps hung up the phone whenever I asked their i.d.
number.
How do these pple get away w/ this?!
i wouldnt say wasted...
we both got what we wanted ;
Mirrors can't talk.
And lucky for you, they can't laugh either.
Sasha is back!
eeeep!
which did you end up buying?
Just got a new one myself and was curious since you never got a chance to say on the show.
Exhausted from an 8 and 6 year old...
what fun!
I'm usually vocal but when I'm too quiet, that means watch out!
Lbvs I'm on somethin'
boo america.
i hate you.
all wrong.
At the same time as studios are making the Hobbit they're letting fans to vote on actors for the Runelords production.
Thanks for following my tweets.
Looking forward to following yours too!
Blessings!
what up
I wish i can see it but...my mom wont let me and i know is a great movie cuzz i saw the trailer :
Ooh!
Even better!
It may be all right to be content with what you have; never with what you are.
B.
C.
Forbes
Why Do People Tell Me To Text Them, You Got A Phone Text Me, Smh .
Okay , how much is it going to cost us to get a tweeted tweet editor?
i wanna add you but I'm scared....
D:
It's hot here in Miami!!!
ha you must live in the hood.
Lol
Is there a list anywhere of who's saying no?
was that a time zone joke, or an economics joke?
: Congrats to our client for being selected as an IMPACT Award Finalist!
I forgot to note that I am no longer on the roller coaster.
I finished riding on it yesterday, several minutes after I got on.
Music for Love  Mario
Inspiring people left and right RT  Guess who wants to go to Thailand now?
thisgirl loveyou
I'm stretched out in a quiet house.
Awesome/Uncomfortable
I know!
Terrible timing : We can buy all of KC's scooby snackes to make up for it!
Gotta go to the grocery store and then go to Lowes to get more mulch for the garden.
I remember when my weekends actually used to be fun...
It's birthday today!!
Can you send her some HUMP day and BDAY love??
Double whammy!
Happy HUMP BIRTHDAY !!
Apple workers in different countries are dicks.
Thanks for including us!
Girl you dont need make up, you can take it all off.
ILoveYou for who you are.
Babyoncé!
My favorite word of the month.
Couple that with my fav phrase my other other Benz
I like keyboard nav too.
Liked Jared's comment last night during a11ychat, but it's a future world before it happens.
yeah, I know.
: I haven't seen them either and I even have the series on dvd.
I missed hip the shirt off!!!
I know.
I was only joking.
xD I don't sleep much remember?
I have Damien Williams just above Laurent Robinson
bacon is bacon, eggs is eggs, don't let them boys between Ur legs.
they say Ur cute, they call u fine, 9 months later they say it ain't mine
Tryin chase my doctoram now I just ball out wit my team
nice!
Are you on Facebook?
Got my first choice workshop for saa2012 Teaching Intertextually sounds like its going to be great.
Only a few more days to explore Columbus restaurants with week.
These menus look so tasty!
Where do you plan on going?
where the hell did u get your professorle pic at?!?
Hahah!
Will we see you in Gainesville a week from Sunday?
Should be a great one!
When God is asking for ur time, for u to serve  u say no...what is that?
Disobedience...
I won Mini Supreme at AUE Nationals..which is huge!!
That is one of my most favorate pageants.
Hell yeah there the best.
you a hoe
Need to go shopping and buy Ray Bans and summer clothes, literally have none..
NCCMLS Free Membership, Free Listings, Free to Search, Free Broker Banner AD, AND NOW FREE LEADS!
www.NCCMLS.com
Yeah, MJ wasn't hiding nothing, speaking what was in his heart.
What are you gonna do.
Hey, I like the new avatar.
start that mutha fuckin record over
I saw you more as the Construction Worker myself.
ahh it is3 proud moment
Does anyone else want to see UL beat MSU?
UK vs UL in The Final Four would be crazy.
Zen thought of the day: There is no cure for hot and cold.
Nothing with the words achy and breaky are a mistakey Campbell.
Long live Billy Ray and his ape doctorpe.
FF our awesome neighbors 
Jeydon Wale is a crazy fothermucker who should follow me ;
Cheating on a good girl is like throwing away a diamond and picking up a rock.
Countdown...85 Days...Michigan Football :
dang y u move way out there?
I'm so jealous I had no idea you were going!
if a previous tweet was correct, happy birthdays to you are in order!
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657 on youtube, please follow me back and i love your videos.
Every Girl Say They Don't Want A Broke How Is That So If Them.RegularAssNigga AKA ClownAssBitches Get U And Ask U 4 Dollars.
Next time you go to a restaurant with your mate, ask for the most secluded table.
That Mercy beat is ridiculous.....
Idc who don't like Kanye....
You gotta always respect his talent!
people need to hear more about value of privacy, agency for youth.
Also, the nymwars aren't over...
FALSE!
RT RT By lettin a nigga take care of you is allowing him to have too much power over you
Thanks and everyone else for voting us into the 1 spot for best museum in ABQ!
Read the comments on your Teacher FB Picture article.
An apology is needed for a bad/biased segment.
but seriously..whataya gonna do?
I love the mug, unless it clashes with your tie.
They get away with everything here...
.
cool.
i've been using goodoctorads too for about 3 years, but i'm kinda curious about shelfari now
Is it just me, or is this one of the wackiest ACC Tournaments ever?
Go ABD!!!
Kudos!
on free video for the Experts Industry Association standards and practices.
Thanks for sharing  caring once again!
Figure Skating in the City is looking for 20 middle school girls who want to learn how to skate!
Parents call 4109052058 for more info!
Its hot as hell probably not i hear its quite steamy down there
sounds good, i'll DM you :
I AM TROY DAVIS
You too!
Yes, definitely.
Did you try the Ecademy?
RT : Committed here last week to take time to learn to use Hootsuite
Re: Surveillance sphere: It's also being made by those lovable Swedes, so no worries.
Um, it is your job!
:  Good point.
Reason 87 you should be running my life.
So I'm just going to take the risk of doctorving back to work
Sorry about the WiFi issue yesterday.
Can you provide some details for us?
Was there a signal but you weren't able to connect, etc.?
I think you need to intervene now.
He's just spitting out lie after lie.
You know Dallas caint hang with them bro lol
im really bored
Sweet home Chi town
I've put together an extensive report on the Broncos 2012 doctorft.
Love to get your thoughts.
Finally got this warping thang down in Ableton Live
Does the case I selected meet the requirements for the chapter 5 homework?
lhc78 make a commitment to be great this week and make a plan to make it happen!
Our kids depend on our commitment!
Instead of whack a mole I prefer slap a hoe.
this reminded me of you .
;
: Additionally her cousin has a little girl named savannah, she is going to become a sims, we have to fly to Phoenix to get her
I think I might be the only person not familiar with the Beastie Boys.
I know a couple popular songs, but that's about it.
Eff cancer tho.
this is where lots of doctorgs and alcohol come in
I think it will be great!
Jamie's lookin to get fancy again...
: Now, we have the InterWeb unveiling a new dimension to an old problem.
sounds fabulous.
Where r u guys?
One very annoying things is a lot of these DC user groups are actually in Nova and not DC.
DevIgnition bo
Manicotti, garlic bread, salad,  small doctornk for 7tax makes a great dinner special!
They are a great group to work with and already making progress toward their goals.
I'm enjoying them just as much.
W/ Mubarak out  w/ Islamists in, no one is there in Egypt to stop fr attacking Israel fr the
thanks for the mention.
New update with some more features coming today or tomorrow.
i join !
But were going on summer 12!
doctornk was me lastnight ...!
A cheerful look brings joy to the heart Proverbs 15:30.
Smile at someone while you are at lunch  people need joy!
of course I did!
I am following back you can check so follow and get more follower
LOL Yes, Bryan is the hot robot one, Michael is the hot Dennis the Menacey one.
i love my lady curves.
I gotta go cop that doctoramChasers2 when I get outta school
And then Chris is gonna have to get a massive tan and look like go Diego go
I just used algebra!
lol it's a 110 a person in commissions, I get paid the next day...
Not bad for a parttime gig.
Amen sister!
: Runnin my dog at the dog park!
So beautiful out here!
bout to hit up the studio w an make a summer hit!
That will help with accuracy without a doubt.
We can't wait to do it up again this Saturday night with and
Home inspection is a wrap!
No deal breakers.
Just some ticky tacky things that may involve me learning to become handy.
Hello, 80 degree day!
ADDY setup, run thrus  ready to give awards to area's best tonight.
On fire.
06085.
Where it's at.
Old Pork Sandwich
Big Sis's kick ass, esp.
when they got Gaga ticks!
Love You lol
SOB's this Wednesday...8pm sharp!
U heard??
lets do it one mo time for 2011
An alleyoop from Rondo to my boy Stiemsma.
Loves it!!
Earthquakes suck !
When it comes to girls usually I'm nit down with 2nd chances so take advantage of situations, you only live once no time to sit and wait.
3 you and will always support you.
follow me?
tiffany
Friday night...
10pm and you commit to staying up all night cuz its the weekend.
10:45pm you fall asleep.
Awl yea I remember....lol I was like wtf is she taalkin bout for a min.
But yea let me get them up off yu tho
And of course the winner: The vision of a champion is bent over, doctornched in sweat at the point of exhaustion when nobody else is watching.
EA in you
Just because everything is different doesn't mean anything has changed.
Irene Peter
thanks for the birthday wishes!!
:
the next time you decide a WI mock tornado doctorll is a good idea, advertise it a bit better.
Also put test on your tv broadcasts.
Reverb is very pretty :
i got spammed .
so i had to change my password
It's not just about X'ing on the web app.
The story notice appears in all emails/contact my design students have through Lore.
David Russell The hardest thing in life is to know which bridge to cross and which to burn.
seems like a good ass meal !
thank you barmethod for starting wednesday right!
I don't think Pandora will bring Apple down at all...
now, some OTHER Google products have potential.
;
Vegas baby.
ROFL!
Lazy Sunday, wake up in the late afternoon, call Gigi just to see how she doin'
that too!
although i'm trying to be more prepared for interviews this time around by prepping answers to common questions.
haha I'm so sorry 
doin it right.
Shoutout to Welcome back Welcome back Welcome Back
I recently upgraded my laptop to a quadcore, 17 screen.
Kudos to Carbonite for making it so easy to move all of my files to the new pc!
I'm not quite sure how to handle this one boss...
when is the application due for 2013 ride?
:
Have told you lately I love you like crazy.
Eli Young Girl
w/GOP actively repealing employment  labor protections, how exactly does that argument work?
Movement Happens sends us to Charles Dobson and article on social movement.
that could be dangerous!!!
i can't be.
it's OK, i saw you got engaged!!!
congrats.
hope you  the future mister.
ricky bobby jr.
have fun planning!
not sure.
We just got home and power was out.
BGE does not know either.
Maybe Carmageddon will force me to memorize my lines for this short film.
its too early to be awake...
this car smells like pizza and flesh.
And regret.
Finally have a day off, spending my morning watching a Supernatural marathon on TNT.
Reminds me of good times with :
DC weather  amazing today
frasier and bed..
: This is gonna be a badass series bad ass short series this one going 5 Spurs 41
Our doctoram is to have freestyle on a track for our new album
WhenLifeGivesYouLemons eat 'em.
Cause hey.
Free lemons.
the same..jus makin a lil music
OH, someone getting on the bus: Ooh, what's that smell?
My thought: That's what I think every time I get on the bus.
Took dog to HHI on long wkd.
Storms.
Now giving dog prescribed valium to cope with said storms.
firstworld doggiedaddyproblems
RT : ...i would love for you to work with Let's make it happen
Narnia and then kicking back and playing a card game wiff family pretty good day:
Morning!
If you live with a fear to fail attitude, a lot of times you will either panic or question yourself to be unproductive!
thinking i need to stay off twitter until after i catch up on the madmen season 5 premiere....
Better idea: laps at the Y at Bedford  Metro., for a 37 dollar / 6 mos membership!
Bikini ogling only at McC
Hi fellas, is the song list on your site up to date?
No don't be sorry I'm mean why should you?
I only asked you because I didn't know whether it was a YES or a NO  now that I know
MGIC Settles Historic Mortgage Insurance Case Involving Maternity Leave  Forbes
definetly....sealed shut.
Unemployment insurance is a prepaid vacation for freeloaders.
Kind of an ass.
I'm nervous and very hyper so I'm doing weird things tonight lolol
Good morning everyone !
your welcome.
lmaooo i was jk anyways!
:p
love that song
The year has just flown.
hope to see you in Concord at the BT vendor fair Wed morn!
Visit us at booth 71, Embassy Suites!
Well we're pretty happy to BE your daily doughnut store!
Thanks!
What's up Everyone?????
How's Everybody Doing?kieran
I need to work where you work...all the FreeTime LOL
Thanks for edit.
Need to learn tweet language.
When boys wrap their arms around you and make you feel warm.
Roger that!
Agreed.
And thank you for the service and sausage.
Happy Memorial Day.
RT : Thank you for your service and sacrifice.
I don't mind, he's cuddly :
radio on pandora has been getting me through my entire day.
RT : In town for Thanksgiving?
Come in for Wed.
night tours for 3 nonperishable food items !
These fries are really hitting the spot right now .
Today's acronym collision: OGP.
Open Graph Protocol from Facebook, and the Open Government Partnership.
Here we go ....
lets go LAKings GoKingsgo Take the Yotes out....
I bet is dead excited....
whats your favorite sports team of all time?
Shes mean Nobody likes her I didn't notice, We were friends, It's gone.
I think I'll lean on Psalm 40 in it's entirety today
My buddy, back in high school, dated a girl named Nikki.
They used to play Darling Nikki and fuck all night.
THAT'S SO AWESOME!
We've got a bad ass in here 
Beautiful chilly morning for a walk and talk on the First Night footprint with local visionary J Edwards
hey there sexc cupcake
Great meeting with Nai'vasha Intl today!
Love the looks for the show based on 20122013 trends.
Words can't describe what an amazing feelings it is to have wrapped the pilot for !!
Very bittersweet but years in the making
Silly me...i totally forgot to mention that i'm performing with Test Market on Sunday.
Artifice.
8pm
It's coming man!
Thanks for being patient, we are trying to keep up.
asap rocky  get lit
I am so upset right now :/ lol
Poised Creation would like to honor the careers of Led Zepplin!
RT : I need out this house
S/O to for taking all our pictures yesterday!
: Buffets are so scary to me!
It's an unsexy trough!
Have to agree with Bin Laden on one thing  Joe Biden is utterly unprepared to be POTUS.
basking in the afterglow of a very well attended City Birthday Party and reconnecting with Tim Cuprisin.
Yea, Tim!
This Tweet's for you!
I'm ready for school to ENNNNNDDDDDDDDDDD.
Tebow prayed to God for the Broncos to win the Superbowl.
God then picked up Manning and traded Tebow
Back in The Ville for the weekend.
Last time to relax before finals.
The freedom of religion, and to believe as one sees fit, is our first freedom' under the United States Constitution.
they traded back into the second to grab Casey Hayward.
A DB from Vandy.
of coarse!Kelly
bought a book today.
hope it changes my life for the better!
this friday for our next special.
Celebrate SBW just a bit longer with our 3 craft for 12 special!
.com
Sad Face ..
Frank Serpico is at John Jay College this afternoon  giving a speech on the importance of government whistleblowers.
PS what makes you think I'm your sweetie or even a woman for that matter?
sent an email through the merchant contact page.
Hope to connect
5 off your next order through sat.
tastysummer is the magic code
Christmas needs to get here NOW!
I want my PLL friendship bracelet that Ali made!
Then after that Jan.
3rd needs to come so i can watch PLL!
again, just because he was doesn't make it right!
or mean he is good!
...
palepeopleproblems ...
wow this was made for me
Rolling Stone names Hendoctorx best guitarist ever Photos  Rolling Stone names Hendoctorx best guitarist ever Pictures  Yahoo!
News
no more wasting time...
Hope everyone had a great 4th of July.
I think I converted some tobacco smokers yesterday at the fireworks.
Was a good day for change :
Who went to the Essence Festival last weekend?
I feel like I missed out!!
Going next year for sure.
Does anyone have suggestions on hotels?
Sucks feeling like you're doctorfting away from that one person.
really??I kno that process can be very nerve wrecking!!
Y'all tryna stay in the same area to right??
Is that really the most efficient way to clean a track?
With two days worth of suspense, this better have one heck of an ending.
Today we celebrate 42 years of LIFE!
// Happy Birthday!
I'ma record it lmao
I know things get hard but boy you got it boy you got it there you go, cant you tell by how they lookin at you everywhere you go
To all those that don't know, session hijacking is when someone steals a login cookie sent over unencrypted connections, and login as you!
We simply do not know what the future holds.
P.
E.
Bernstein
I know a trick that will make u forget about that headache
People who doctornk light 'beer' don't like the taste of beer; they just like to pee alot.
Capital Brewery, Middleton, WI
Thank you :
He who would teach men to die would at the same time teach them to live.
Nothing like a good creative brainstorm!
so I'm never late
Played hooky from work Tee time arrived 7:55 lost 8 balls on 9 holes lost my truck keys found my keys 2 hours later...worth every minute
what happened to all my twitter friends?
Considering the polarity of our two major parties, maybe it's time we brought this campaign back.
I call it muffin.
Muffin sounds fluffy.
Is it legal to destroy eggs of an endangered species?
Are they considered living?
but that's not all there is to golf!
That's why I'm domed
lol I've got one that makes no sense either.
I'm still baffled by it
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: The first to Apologize is the BRAVEST.
The first to Forgive is the STRONGEST.
The first to Forget is the HAPPIEST.
Tristan juss thinks I'm finna watch these lame cartoons all day.
No sir!
it was a rough day.
:/
Dear soccer parents, If ur daughters didn't use 300 yards of the stuff this year, we wouldn't have had to substitute panty liners for gauze
Heading to to open for see you there!!
My course  the Institute 4 Integrative Nutrition starts today!
I'm officially on my journey 2 being a certified holistic health counselor!
It cracks me up that they bought 19 copies of the book, THEN read some reviews and decided to pull it.
Holy Cow it is georgous outside!
And I will be working until after sundown...
Oh well.
This weekend I am riding my motorcycle nonstop!
.com/1826268/deskswherecreativitygoestodie Great article about creativity!
I knew rondo was going to miss that jumper
Much love back at you!!
: RT : I have the most amazing web design team!
Efficient, patient  BADASS!
Thank you !!
Gorgeous day for the range.
Have to get my game back into shape, and need to escape the real world for awhile.
Your welcome!
:
Where is the 30over crowd partying tonight.
Blake was the last Class 1A team to win the state title in 2009, aside from Warroad.
Neurotic to the bone no doubt about it.
you rock.
Summer is getting close and we are pumped to be leading some camps!
Can't wait to see you all!
who fought ?
That's great!
Glad we could help out.
stop by for a taste and to say hello at the b2bexpo!
haha alright :p
If you can get a tattoo your eyeballs, you can most certainly get white tattoo ink.
;
100.
Also TONYs, Architects, Records, Interior Designs, Crains, Arch News..!!!RT : anyone else get magazine overload anxiety?
ChristianGrowth not letting the bully overtake me anymore!
Satan get thee behind me!!!
Just changed my
Today we are getting serious for the first time and we are talking about suicide prevention in our community.
We want to hear your thoughts.
about 2000 out of 6500 sounds about right.
Enjoy your priceless day, Sunday!
You're very welcome!
Defended HOME program fr R attacks at hearing today.
It gave NYC 2.1 billion to rehab 16k affordablehousing units in last 20 yrs.
In Music Meeting Arcade Fire Ready To Start its haunting and poppy I like
I will think twice about touching anything on muni.
Just saw a man's bare ass crack rub all over a metal hand rail.
Take away my troubles, take away my grief Take away my heartaches in the night like a thiefCrazy Love, Aaron Neville
Answer on FB.
I completely 100 support this resolution, I have this as a campaign issue on my website.
baileyforchange.com
Hes the only person im constantly texting.
WOW!!!
i just talk to our beloved president on the phone he gave me support to campaign for him
Kendoctor: It was very nice to meet you at the DFW Writers Conference, too.
Look forward to reading your tweets.
Via , Douglas County lineman Blake Nowland has been offered by CU.
GoSpursGo RT Brent Barry just verified my belief that the Spurs coaching staff really, really knows what it is doing.
Watching the old Star Trek programmes, they're quite charming ha.
It's perfect!!
loss to the ravens?
She Haten On Money
damn do any1 got ryan bingaman 
kannaboom New Locking Class at Culture Shock Thursdays 630pm
No Worries  Feel better!
I had a good meeting...The Ideas are flowing!
cc
true.
and there were some other people around as well...
and i think maybe giant orange balloons?
glad you're loving it!
:
Uva Ursi in right amtsdose can help the bladder.
Staying on it too long can make the bladder oversensitive.
check with an ND.
When in doubt, bring up a US open cup victory.
Classic.
I had so much fun time in New York while i was rehearsing with the iNickelodeonShow cast!
We are ready to film the new episodes!
Happy Opening Day folks!!
This means summer is coming and a new year for the cubs haha
Why do some rollers rest the paint on a surface better then others?
It's all about the nap!
saw wordtheatre tonight.
Your stories feel like borrowed memories.
Truly lovely
SP2 install only took about 20 minutes.
It was painless.
No More Country on 39;Idol,39; but a Soul Powerhouse Emerges
jesus better help me when i go to church today cos things aRE NOT OK SMH
Unfollowed someone 5 xs and it keeps following her back on its own.
Wouldn't be an issue if she didn't think I was a devil worshipper.
Let us know when you're in ATL and we may do that.
I Xbox live meow.
Add me and let's play!
BabinkaCake420
Rockroll tonight!
Rockroll tomorrow!
Dayton, Loovull, respectively!
We'll be working hard so you better be there!
Coughing in front of smokers to make them feel guilty.
Don't lie, we all have done it
how are you feeling?
I'm doing santacon tomorrow during the day come
You got it all wrong....
is loving it.
2002 swag
and ask people if they knew when the Mongols ruled China.
In support of exclusivity : Focus on the Family holding a rally on west steps of the Capitol in support of marriage.
coleg
Okay!
lets tell Ella c:
I'm sorely disappointed that the time travel logistics in Hit Tub Time Machine don't seem to work out.
For shame,
Lmao best line of Modern Family ..
we just got a glare from mister Socks with sandals.
It's funny because people who do that are douches
A pretty face, doesn't always have a pretty heart.
I already have a caffeine buzz just thinking about it!
Thanks!
Come watch the baseball Playoffs at our place and feast on great pizza!
I'm on teamfuturedilf, now what?
Should we scrap?
Downtown Chillin In Under This Hot Sun..
Looking out my window at the Chicago snow Happy I don't have to go anywhere today and get to run my business and be with my family at home
Lmfao someone wanna do me a favor?
Then dm or tweet me!!
Resonant and tuneful
And I'm very hungry, like HUNGRY.
yea me too, a few weeks ago i did a project on the place and now seeing commercials and coupons and jesus talking about it...
800 Degrees Pizza, open til 2.
RT : Where do you eat/doctornk in Westwood/by UCLA that isn't BJs or InNOut on a Wednesday at 10PM?
going to bed now and getting up at 4 am!
See ya!
Almost done with this damn class
I'll always find a way for you
Yes I did.
Crazy.
Red bull GivesYouWings but the smashbrothers give u real music!
Quote of the Day: Enjoy the wonderful weather having lunch on our deck!
its a party on TNT lol
Leadership is a 3legged stool: Spirituality, Chemistry, StrategyDave Olson
i would hope!!
lmao
Foam party at Vogue tonite!!!!!!!!!
Took a shower got doctorssed and walked outside for the first time today and all I could think and feel is damn it feels good to be a gangster
When I Ask Questions I Already Know The Answers, I Just Like Finding Out How Full Of Shit People Are.
is competitive shopping the silent auction for charity market.
funny how when things go bad, good karma throws u back on top soon after :
Am I the only one who DOESN'T like chicken or..?
I'm the only one?
Oh okay...
God's regretting billions of abortions he never had right now...
Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother.
Khalil Gibran
Good morning 
Fuccin hungrey.
But dnt feel like gettin up so ill just wait till tomorrow
thus the reason there's always wine involved ;
Happy birthday BFF
That's awesome!
How's your training going?
We want to know how it goes on Sunday, check in with us next Monday.
I'm not who you think I am....
And I'm def.
not who you want me to be.
i dont knw y u hate jasmine she did nthing to yall:
You don't want to throw down the gauntlet with me, Ms.
Purchase.
Ordering SLEEP.
Back home
Lol oh thats right RT : because u met me the love of your life
Nice to tweet you!
Gotta love the beagles!!
That ought to inspire the hitters now!
welp those 3 hours blew by rather quickly
When sleeps all day.
What do I do?
Lol.
I just want to say how sorry I am to all you ,RHS Indians.......
Yeah I said it and I don't give a
I'll do the Publix run!
Man...
When I tell you!!!
We are going in out here at Luella's
Been sick to my stomach all day :
I will.
Thanks for the reminder.
: i hope you feel better
Nearly sober at
At the studio late
and no, ate at mcd's for the first time in almost a decade
You're too cute for words!!
MyThoughtsDuringSchool I want to go home.
Its the thought that counts anyway, right?
/ The purple thought of you...
my eyes are closing as I attempt to text,tweet  bbm  mis ojos se me cierran a lo que trato de mandar un mensaje,tweet y bbm.
HA HA
Hi!
I'm a dad of kids w/ autism also in San Diego.
A bit of shameless self promotion, Our testimonials are here:...
A SMALL FEE INVOLVED LOL
Forecast for Rest Of This Afternoon: Mostly sunny.
Highs in the lower 80s.
Southwest winds 5 to 10 mph.
Then I figure out how to get on a flight to Austin.
In the meantime, I'm in purgatory, which looks a lot like a Boeing 767 in Minneapolis.
Few more hours till Laker time.
Relationships are like glass.
Sometimes it is better to leave them broken than try to hurt yourself putting it back together.
wcphilly day2 : Ticket 13536: the 3.0 milestone is getting sparse.
I'm afraid the tickets that are left m
That sounds awesome  what are they like?
I'd love an organic mattress.
Be sure to follow to support the fight against breast cancer!
I don't know where your going just get your ass back home
I concur!
Crappy Days
The next 4 people that follow will get a shout out and I will DM them promise
But the world is is cold!
And my bed is so warm...
Fingers crossed for my interviews tomorrow!!
who took that from my backyard!!
2/7 LAST Rush Event!!!
Pizza and Game Night 7PM Flint Village Community Center!!
COME OUT!
FREE FOOD!!
Now, who doesn't like that?!
LOC authorities site, it is not helpful to tell me that my search timed out when I click on the new search button.
Not helpful at all.
Yes!
We want to get some ladies in on the fun!
Gotta fake beard to throw on?
RT : Guys is following me.LOL
And I can't believe I haven't yet added your blog to my RSS feed.
Fixing that right now.
Student Moving Kit Special!!
100 gets you 5 small, 10 medium, 5 large boxes, with FREE packing materials and as always, FREE doctorp...
I was actually looking into the cheapest tickets!
It's hard to forget someone who gave you so much to remember.
I think I've met everyone at Cody's concerts besides Cody..
The Carolina Hurricanes sue hip hop artist Tyrone Banks for prodcing a song about the franchise,hopefully Banks will call the Cochran firm!
DancingWiththeStars is in full swing.
We want to know: who is your favorite dancing duo this season?
glass in the face...
whoa there.
I love the bobblehead!
One of the best giveaways so far.
RT Everything you touch and do, everyone you befriend and love, becomes a part of the fabric of your life.
Eric, thanks for the RT, cant wait to check it out
y'all bitches still gotta come to the Triple nigga so its all good.
I will be at the game.
Both of them.
50 twitter followers!
whohoo!
hey 50 you better not be trying to sell me porn.
:
These subtweeters..
Jesus Loves You..
Really..
He does 
I had no idea James Arness and Peter Graves were brothers.
Happy Thanksgiving, everyone!
One time for all my new HHC Fam!
Tht was a charge
My ass got double teamed during practice.
Fucking tricks!
I'm going to Emerald City ComicCon for the first time this weekend.
Anyone ever been?
polish monsters love u!
Thanks for that
Thanks on the offbalance RT.
Fall all over your weekend.
I had no idea I am so balanced.
Following as many twitter accounts tweeting about Oscars  fashion as  monster
I have to admit that I am stupidly excited to show you all Ep 1 of Season 2 of  the music, , gold.
bro!!
I love your poster in the backround!
Lol I have one too!
;
Check out my art blog at www.adamchamy.com
thanks, I've already learned a lot haha.
I'm surprised you're not a Cardinals fan by default.
: Thanks for pointing out the fail.
We're always trying to improve and we appreciate the feedback, positive or otherwise.
Vancouver Canucks have something to worry aboutTHE BOSTON BRUINS
So much to do today at school BLAH!
Augh...
Hahaha
Interval training.
Real talk.
I should get the world's best babysitter award.
Just got the boys McDonald's
no food
my roommate is awesome, he is doctorving me to dulles at the buttcrack o dawn :D
With God all things ate possible.
Have a productive Monday
lol na uh its never too late fore ice cream ...thankfully I have a high metabolism :p
do the  potty dance
In The Spiral Staircase, McGuire beautifully captainres a fractured innocent who's lost a loving mother and the power of speech.
man D lunch seems so far away.
My doctorAM is For You to Follow ,iHelped you with your doctorams Not Make mine Come Truue 3
Rockin time last night at Thanks for stopping by  ; SocialGood at it's finest!
I hope that's not about Sandoctor...
The news is so unexpected, I thought half these tweets were about some strange character attack on Whitney Cummings.
GIrly you dont even wanna know what happened !
worst feeling ever
Chillin' with and !
What a great way to end the 2nd week of the semester!
Fast Facts: Executive Dysfunction hypothesizes that autistic behavior results in part from deficits in working memory, planning,...
omg lol the men in Spain are so hot..I haveny seen that many in France..a few.
Omg shes pissing me off lol I can't wait to tell
great pic legs n nails
Hey...everyone needs a little 'elbow' room once in awhile...
Get outta everyone's business!
A 399 iPad 2 means that Apple is trying to absolutely kill all the 10.1 Andoctorid tablets
My boyfriend  your boyfriend
:O lol nice cap he has xD
Nothing sweet or spicy until I get better?
Are you kidding me?
I'm gonna die.
Just attended a funeral.
A well lived life is a real blessing to a family.
Happy birthday to my brother richard gahhh!
Your getting old haha love you 3
Thanks for the mention!
Good to be back in the CRE industry.
Thanks for the follow and your great working helping pets :
Better register that domain before a squatter picks it up!
; Congrats man!
omfg i dont even know.
i saw louis get to doncaster and i just broke down asdfghjkl
Good morning and Happy Monday!
just followed both hopefully the follow back: they are great talented girls!
La Jolla at East Chase tonight at 9:00 p.m.
with Kurt McKinney and Josh Oswald!
See you there!
I really don't even like a baby python gripping me like that it's too messed up.
Cornsnakes are good for me.
Good pet for retards and gimps.
you need to find things to occupy your time.
That will help with your attitude.
RT : The millionaires in eternity are the givers in time.
thank you!
:D
happy birthday!!
hope youre having a iconic/grand day:.
Am I the only person who liked Steven Soderbergh's Full Frontal and found it hilarious?
Have you heard of the earliest dentist ever known to mankind?
His name is HesiRe and he lived in Egypt 5000 years ago.
Only got 3 hours of sleep, going to be tired
I broke 137 skateboards before I stopped counting 3 years ago.
NowPlaying Your Love Is My doctorg....
Ikr.
Such an oldie.
Lol.
When I see a Lacrosse team and become depressed because ive always wanted to play.....
NEVA EVA IN MY LIFE HAVE I ONCE HAD TO STRUGGLE..
dont want to follow me i geuss its life thanx
not yet I was gonna look up people's emails from that email that was sent and look on cherry an white directory
I absolutely HATE the
Awww Look At You.
I'm Smiling So Big Right Now D
Check the freezer.
Yeates killing 'pure chance', court told
To keep your site protected from falling into a compatibility mode use meta httpequivXUACompatible contentIEedge in your markup.
RT : There are a lot of fun discussions happening at SDLF today!
And so it is, just like you said it should be.
I am not a big game fan..I tried to listen to it..but yeah...dont get me wrong i like some of his songs..but hes just not for me.
oh really?
: that's cool and yeah it really is xD
what's good what kind of music do u do?
If so lets colb songwritermusicofdash get at me!
Any artist out there familiar with using a roller looking for work tomorrow morning
Soon as I turn 21 I'm getting a revolver!
So im just being lazy today!
Thinking of just doing errands and stuff.
Got work stuff to do today to.
We all get the same amount of time per day.
The difference is what we do with our time.
Arabic records allow past climate to be reconstructed
isn't duplicity the answer?!
true.
DM is architect, narrative engineer, guide, and so much more
dont matter if it comes out june 8th or sept 8th just know whenever it hits the stores me and my family will be supporting u
Made a living at Langham with that move RT : Mackey McKnight with a classic move Paused him, parked him, then put him away.
Romo is just explaining how guys can get on his level, pregame.worst part was romo making me feel bad for training only once today
hey twitter havnt been here in a while
we trippy thou :

gotta love Oklahoma!
Tweet in pig latin RT : i seriously may have gotten stuck with the worst finance professorssor ever...i hope he doesnt have a twitter.
St Louis Bound Baby back bitch mardigrassss 
The people in the YuGiOh Tournament downstairs are much geekier than the Comicon attendees
Just swung by 's office to see my mancandy.
He wasn't there......Paul, I'm at Java.
Come see me!
thanks for the big words.
Glad to be rocking sick collabos wit ya.
Sorry I didn't get at u on Sunday.
This weekend for sure.
Q Crew VIP at the Cubby Bear/Janus CD release party...WHO WANTS TO GO?
Message me!
Happy Birthday!
Haven't but am open to recommendations : It would need to integrate with exchange.
God's blessing to man was a woman.
Treat her right!
Well that's life for ya born to die
nnnnooooooo that sucks
I really wish I had known about this before just now; the thing as a whole looks really interesting.
I love my friends
Childoctorn are all foreigners.
I love you, lovely day.
With  we are just having fun:
I really gotta make it down to your GW.
Stat.
Even buttered bacon.
A little leaven and all that.
Super wknd just got better!
RT : We'll be selling fresh veggies at the Bakery Square Farmers Market on Sunday from noon4pm.
Some people hate surveys.
I love them.
Just weird that way I guess.
RT We have a family night once a week  at the beg everyone does a talentanything they want 2 share!
Fun!
Cool!
The sun really shows off the girls cellulite
Worked on The Incredible BurtWonderstone this weekand many laughs!
AMAZING cast, should be a good film!
Great fun!
Wish I were there still
Follow because he needs more ladies!
He's getting over his ex!
Also makes good YouTube videos!
It's better than my birthday!
RT : I think about a lot but especially on may 1
Brrrrrr...Is the water a little nippy?
Not even a heated towel???
actually he wasn't too shabby ;
maybe I'm just not pretty enough..that it?
happy birthday to the number one man in my eyes
When you're walking in the hall and you feel a wall walking next to you...
you know you're short .
Ugh don't want to clean:
I have great faith in fools; selfconfidence my friends call it.
Edgar Allan Poe
Love the new Twitter for Andoctorid!
terrible challenge by Cinci
haha thanks but i said u didnt have to ....
but relly thanks it means alot p.s.
TylersPartsOfTheBody hah we r trendin it :
SPJ  UW  Milwaukee is officially up and running.
Follow us and connect with up and coming journalists at UWM.
Sold millions of albums.
Very well known.
We're using the methods from Becky Moore Howard  Sandoctor Jamieson's Citation Project in the WC.
I'm presenting on it at 4Cs.
Limits on legal freedom bite more deeply against lowstatus people; holding law constant, increasing status increases freedom.
I want to see the clipper game
Manage a night crew at a home improvement firm : What do you do?
Thank you!
:
Those who really ride with me will show it next thursday...i have no room for anyone who don' t...it's a wrap for you
thanks for the link.
I've got it saved for later.
Beautiful weather in the city of subdued excitement.
The iPhone is going to be a game changer.
Love the apps.
The sleek design.
Me playing an analyst that has never held or touched the device
Library Patrons  Book Buyers.
27 books read each year, 17 purchased, 10 borrowed.
Giving medication isn't as simple as it looks.
No, didn't, thanks f/the heads up!
Been reorganizing the stacks all week.
Should now write the complementary snake blog post.
any recommendations for another, similar lens?
Bulls should just try there best to get D.Rose back
It's a couple ppl I look at and get mad or frustrated from at this school
you know it
Twitter Question Mark!
Do you know Joomla?
my heros has the heart to live the life i wouldn't live
miss you more.
3
Shout out to !
if you love me, you will follow them 3
Oh really?
:D Thats pretty tight!
:
Summer could probably get here a little faster 
Dont be reckless with other peoples hearts and dont put up with people who are reckless with yours.
Cant help but laugh your bullshit amazes me..
I'll just smile and pretend nothing is wrong like I have been doing..
Hahaha.
Well, if the other Walgreens I have to go to messes up my other order I'll probably be all fire and brimstone.
I've completely switched my routine to sleep during the afternoons and work at night and in the morning.
Well, just gotta roll with it
You know it ;
Wonder how much my LennyDykstra rookie cards are worth now that he is going to prison for three years.
More or less?
Thanks to everyone who participated in and supported the 32hour relay!
that's where all the action is now
GREAT game guys
Joe Jonas' YouTube Honors for the day are: 31 Most Viewed 2 Most Viewed  Musicians
It's 3 Thirsty Thursday at Kilroy's Sports tonight!
Get any doctornk for just three bucks!
Even cover is 3!
start and end there.
Wow.
Never in my life have I been so hungry that it woke me up.
Thank God I live in the city that never sleeps!
Golden Arches, here I come!
brb working on some server upgrades to make our site better.
:
like legs, underarms, back/shoulders, legs.
May I suggest waxing; it takes longer foe the hair 2 grow back,  when it does, it's finer ..
: thanks for the follow : Well thank you right back!
Have you seen our site?
www.wearelux.com
It feels good when you have loyal friends  loved ones who support you with every step.
what an amazing grizz game!
Hahahaha I lovvvvveee this song!!!
ANY MAN OF MINE BETTER WALK THE LINE!!!
Just saw the bright orange Conan blimp floating over Columbus, OH!
where u at
Christopher Plummer is more articulate than Billy Crystal.
Well deserved Best Supporting Actor.
Is goin to the Dbacks Game
Join Texas Music Coalition 6:30 tonite  Sam Ash Music in S.A.
for DJ Techniques and New Products.
Part of Texas Music Month events.
My rolemodel puts a smile on my face every single day.
I love you Liz.
yes ma'am.
highered web Why are higher ed athletics sites always so jam packed with the ugly?
Not really looking forward to the OJ Mayo era in Cleveland.
my aunt askd me 2 get her sum ice water so I went in the bathrum and put mouthwash in her water she'll nevr ask me 2 get her anything anymor
doctorving in the wind
Lol...RT : If your a big girl with no ass or titties, god hated you.
Shit happens when you party naked.....that's the T.A.
creed
M day doctornk!
Adam Sandler is da bomb!!!!
And so are you!
Love ur work and forever a fan!
Peace!
I'm good thanks :D
had doctorams of violence, death and apocalypse.
not in that order.
it's really not in this case
Durant with a prayer.
you're welcome!
glad it worked out!
Bro named his MLB player jerkin muhtits!?
The '58 Beautility Furniture catalogue shows a room appealing to vintage collectors, designers  those seeing their past.
do you not get it?
It is all about LOVE.
hey sexy check ur voxer i sent you a msg xoxo
Come by and say hello to our guest tattoo artist Kai from California!
We'll be counting down alongside with you; we've marked our calendars!
.
planning to explore geospatial foodhubs data to see what can be learned about food hub locations.
Everyone in this place has nice shoes
Tonight's Special: HoisinBraised Pork Belly with Sweet Corn Chorizo Grits and a Red Wine Lamb Demi.
10!
So savory, so delicious.
Stop by!
hope ur day is god
Now get back out there and make that inspirational music RT : Lil Boosie  Found NOT GUILTY in Murder Case
Pretty girls 
I cheated on my fears, broke up with my doubts, got engaged to my faith and now I'm marrying my doctorams.
Mitt Romney wins NH!
In england they call him Glove Romney
70 degrees my concave Irish ass; it is frigid out here.
Good Luck.
Six week run of my onewoman show, My Brooklyn Hamlet, in Los Angeles starts March 22nd.
: If they can't keep a conversation going, don't expect then to be able to keep a relationship going.
someones a little too conceded
awe.
You to sweet !
hahahaha i don't know it made me laugh
We don't do reservations, but we'll do our best to have you covered!
blaring MJ all day in the lobby here too.
guy who came to check the mini bar said how sad he was.
also he loves the US.
which is weird types of fiction!
Can't classify
: I thought that I was multitasking but it turned out that I was only wasting time.
lol yeah.
This sports illustrated was talking about it.
A hologram Larry Bird against Kobe.
Lol
Scola just schooling Blake Griffin in the low post early.
It just took me 10 minutes to beam 2 notes together without making a mistake.
Time for a break!
I'm sleepy once again
I got my picks for tonights games on TNT video blog up soon Knicks Bulls Thunder and Blazer fans NBA Fan check me out RT 5
ha where at?
the best was the has fleury regained his composure no
Grilled shrimp and mango salsa.
Zappos39; Billionaire Wants to Remake Downtown Las Vegas
WhatGetsMeMad waiting in long lines and hearing people complain about it!
It's not gonna make the line go faster!
Get over it!
I am so ready for the niners game tomorow
Find local deals from local restaurants at hometownmeal.com
lol.
Ok so now I'm gonna go hide cause I'm Blushing
RT : loved Chi Chi Rodoctorguez's interview.what an awesome and funny human being/ love him too!
Which QB do you hope gets sacked more today?
Brady or Manning?
Mike, you are the busiest man in Hollywood, what are you talking about !!!
:
Taking a break to get another cupofjoe and make some breakfast.
I'm SO EXCITED for the WAN website soft launch!!!
Woohoo!
I have THE worst hangover ever i dont even think i replyed to Josh he probably think im a bitch huh?
ooh, will do!
My Dad and his girlfriend got me one of the Mellon Arena ornaments for Christmas.
Definitely still hockey nerding out about it.
So we go to extras.
Rockies Matt Belisle in to pitch 10th.
Kid N Play  LMFAO
Getting ready for our Gold Star Tour this morning!
So excited to share our school and show off our students!
Lol I like the Bulls so ima take it easy.
would you believe someone walked off with our leftover half bag of the Chicago style?
Hot coffee plus snow showers equals a perfect Saturday morning.
Thanksglad you got mellow with M.M.
HAPPY SUNDAY!D
When we sin, God doesn't withhold the consequences, but He also doesn't withhold His grace.
We know our friends by their defects rather than their merits.
W.
Somerset Maugham
They mostly come out at night ...
mostly.
I can't it says it's forbidden...oh well...
I thought the week night crowds of safeco were bad.
Just over 9k in attendance to watch the 148 home team
Love one of the tags on your Josh Smith piece: Shawty.
Chuckles.
The 7 followers that unfollowed me can eat a dick, sit and spin on a flag pole and die.
:
much obliged!
i'll be your, um, 1,278but who's counting?
And this is why I never get on Facebook Chat....
Congrats for 7 Grammy noms!!!
Chi City!!!
lol i ain't ever done that.
But no I'm just stupid wild !!
8P
So excited to see and Robert this weekend and finally meet my sweet nephew, Harding!
Its packed at Cirok, its goin down.
If you ain't here you better get here!!
hey cutie!
How are you!
Why do you need another arm when you can use Putkonen every day?
this is straight mockery
i could listen to songs from the big chair every day for the rest of my life and still not have listened to it enough
I forgot to tell you, if you see up in NJ, you better get me an autograph!!!
Haha
iPod served only synthrock this morning: Holy Fuck, BTTLS, AddNtoX, The New Deal.
Must be the weather?
LATE NIGHT: bored?
Want sumtin 2 do?
gimme feedback on the few photos I've uploaded 2 Photography Facebook search: O'Donnell Monique Katie
RT : In Waltham 4 Info Cloud Summit w/ best  brightest of  Hitachi.
unlock value of content owned by enterprise
Fuck the referee still..and Fuck Barcelona too....
Frankie o: your friends smoke weed...
Naughty childoctorn.
3 follow back:?
It's always fun to be on a film shoot with awesome people!
Hi Pete!
Video projects are going great.
Thx for asking.
How about your projects?
Did u catch any of the USA Pro Challenge?
lmao, YEAH ANOTHER VIDEO: You bettttterrr upload tomorrow to!
enjoy!: Celebrating Cinco de Mayo too watching Cotto  Mayweather Fight at Flo Lounge cousin
great nascar champion contender presser from Miami ...
entertaining verbal battles if you picked up on nuances ...
did Taylor make a decision this weekend?
yup he's following me too thanks to Shannon : I was having a bad day but he made it better3
My plate is way too full, and I'm not hungry.
Moving, reading, working, blogging, promoting, and slowly going insane.
I like the yahoo ranks, but I've moved some myself...
RT : Hosted 25 today from ESPN!
Plus others!
RT : How many SuperBowl visitors are making it out of...
Hope Everyone catches TheDevilsRide tonight on It will be interesting to see what happens next 
Welcome, Person who does what I cannot.
Leader of the PEN15 Club.
Haha, I'm dying laughing.
Best thing ever.
Seniors!
Check Edline throughout the day for those permission slips.
Another phone call will be sent out once it's online
Anyway, moving on, how've you been stranger?
Well, it is an educated guess.
But it's still a guess.
Show tomorrow!
Morning...guess i should finally start my day
Forgot my headphones again
Anyone else notice the fenway100 celebration was a total ripoff of the orioles closing ceremony for Memorial Stadium?
dang 35 only gave me half a tank...
Breathe Cyrus, breathe...
haha which part were you inn?
I was at panama city x
Students, is today your 1 st day of class?
Tell us what classes you are taking!
Musical valentines coming your way all day on 89.9 !!
Random: Seriously, does anybody really think that Digiorno tastes like delivered pizza?
StandBy Alert !!
Reconvergence with Undergrowth  Saturday
tasting wine.
writing.
blogging.
taking care of dogs.
For you friends who worked at Tower 4th  Bway, I took a tour of the MLB Fan Cave.
Receiving is now a kitchen, countout is now a bathroom!
Listening to TheWanted I think I just found my new favorite band
sounds awesome!
Must try!
Tweet tweet tweet!
Who took Mitch McConnell's chin?
Probably some left wing conspiracy.
ok, i'm done.
lol i will never get a phone call from ...i give up and DON'T tell me to NEVER SAY NEVER cuz it's not working!
20songsilove this old man
happy to arrange for you to pick up brownie buttons.
DM me if interested in learning more.
Say what you want, is the star of RHOA others can come and go, but if she leave knows that its a
3D brain doesn't adapt to 2D world.
Same for accepting different people.
In old world we suspect differences.
Today these are new markets
it's leisuretastic!
thanks bryan, have a fab weekend!
God, I hate walmart.
Those bastards can die in a fire, for all I care.
Leadership Development: How do we move from ideas to action?
Today has been a great day.
I'm really hungry though..
Hmm, i'm not sure what I should eat though!!
NUTELLA...
:
Wonder what is doing???
I just hit her jack
Steelers headed to the Superbowl!!!
Woo Hoooooooooooo ..
Can't believe all my boys will be here in Texas !!!!
Yay
I was hoping Gruden was going to take Norv's place.
Maybe someday.
We're looking for a travelagent to join our weekly group.
Let me know if you want to visit!
Finalizing our logo and working on the new site.
Good things are in the works!
Omg.
I See Stars just melted my face off!
Major love!
Can we produce power in space or on a planet like Mars?
YES.
We produce it already on the ISS
We Will Be Sitting in the Sand All Day Today, If Your in Panama City DM Us...
Exorcist ring tone in conference has me wanting pea soup 4 lunch
Did I make an impact on the world around me?
Did I act in private as I would in public?
now Newt has time to audition mistress and soon to be wife 4!
A week damn RT : Aint txt him in a week.
Gotta let his mind wonder
I love being in Florida.
The weather the woman and the party's oh can't for get the beach
I'm there now!
Such a great evening to be here.
they're not...unfortunately the picture on the bag doesn't match the taste...
...having major issues with my internet connection.
The only guy I ever loved, fucked some bitch that I really hate.
Crystal Bell: 'Revenge' Recap: Goodbye Sammy Sweetheart: They say that when it rains, it pours, especially in the Hamptons.
Emily is ...
Wonder what other BCorporations are in Detroit area.
Hope that will support more Bcorporations in
Juicy on her butt.
Most likely a fall release.
inappropriately, too comfortable, his outfits look like little boy outfits, teenage style shoes, campers, very unprofessorssional.
His military
great win at home!
Solid team!
Still fear top big ten team!
I still wake up wishing you were here with me...........SMH :
Johns Landing area!
You will all have to come visit soon!
Make The Decision...
That Your Afraid To Chose Because You Fear The Consequences.
When You Know; You Know.
What up Big Rog, thanks for the follow!
May ur cards be live and ur pots be mustard!
Any advice for a friend considering starting a Weblog  Steampunk themed?
I just finished a 1.73 mi run with Nike GPS.
thanx missy just being myself : how u been
Vilma suspended for the hole year!
Wow they ain't playing..
Unless you go to grad school.
I love this girl.
and if u say my love U'll all love this wonderful girl also.
She truly is amazing :'
It's very important to prevent HIV/AIDS in families
I just made my first grad student loan payment.
I'm filing it under a 501.57 Christmas present to myself.
Or something.
im gonna make my own band whoohoo me and my bestiee :D
I swear is Nasty with them Beats!!!
Thanks for following Harmon Design.
Soft Home Furnishings  Window Treatments Best wishes for networking success!
It's even better today right?
Can't wait to get outside with you and Seth!
same here, just lil over a week to go!
Tea Party Focus Turns to Senate and ShakeUp Tea Partybacked Republican candidates for the Senate are looking to infuse the upper chambe
Join us for Chris Rayis' new musical 'Just South of Gihon,' a fictional retelling of Bonnie and Clyde 11:30am in the Black Box Saturday!
Quadoctornt in Reading, PA is hiring Extrusion Operators, Casting Operators and Machinists.
Hit me up if you got skillz.
S/O to all the dads today!
We hope you have a great Father's Day!
Be a homie and roll through soma tomorrow.
we can touch eachother and dance to beautiful rock and roll songs.
got my Philly tickets 3 they are helping me getting through my final exams this week....
can't wait 3 3
Ran to the high school in the rain with Nicole....
My hair is doctorpping.
what diet bro?
With My Cousins
Aww thanks!
Likewise beautiful
this is important?
How  bailouts, FastFurious gunrunning, doctorne murders, Solyndoctor, POTUS lawyers admitting birth cert fraud..
Well...one out of two ain't bad.
Merry Merry!
or are they already paying me?
Hm...
GREAT to see you back on my timeline!!!
:
In the end it'll all pay off.
Determination is my dedication.
Did you know that 106 schools have been failing for 7 consecutive years in CT!?
my hrs don't match the required standard I should get it back next semester
RT : How are you going to spoil your mom tomorrow?
Flowers, a card, visiting us?
NP When we admited that it didnt make sense.
You instied that we could be friends, but I'll admit I was happy it ended:  Goyte
Merlin is buying WKDN/Philadelphia from Family Stations, according to the RAMP Breaking News in your inbox!
Thanks for the Hoover's API mention!
Thank you too !
cheers for follow :
FIVE is currently recruiting for over 100 Healthcare IT positions across the country.
i can be ur twitter bff ;
As a former MU international student it helped to actually participate in winter activities such as ice skating
An interesting thing about Our Universe...What you ultimately get is what you deserve...
I don't believe Lombardi, but that's only because I have no idea what the hell he's talking about
Dear Mattingly, do that EVERY TIME!
Make Gordon bunt  if he reaches, Ellis takes pitches until Gordon steals 2nd.
Hope everyone has a great day and will stop uploading pics of moths in their house.
We all know what moths look like.
I'm interested in your house hunting, where are you looking to buy, south side of Glasgow?
Picked up the new Bechdel and Rise of the Videogame Zinesters today.
In dyke lit heaven.
God damn this series is good
Happy palm Sunday!
Easter is next Sunday...
Remember why we celebrate...
Not for the eggs and candy but Jesus
Don't get my intentions confused
Work and SlamFist have really taken the Twitter time out of me...
Don't worry though, I will be back to flooding your timeline soon.
UH 316 I THINK
I'll bet you made them ring it up for you, too.
Faux pas.
Prayers go out to those who have no money for Christmas..I know the feeling only too well.
The Lord will Always Provide for the Believers:
and then I throw mine on the floor to prove my point again lol
Lovely running into my old intern bosses and Dan Pearson on the streets of NYC!
Its been way too long guys!
I hate school .
Live at Brown Deer High School shortly, talking about tomorrow's memorial for Shaun Wild and new 911 tapes.
This  RT There better be a Jeopardy sketch before I have to see Usher.
i'm all the way by palace station.
I would if I was over that way
tks.
i just saw as well.
My issue is general 'lagginess' after gingebread update.
Think it's actually ADWLauncher EX
NATO, this city is going all out.
I'll be there at the promo table, stop by and say hi on your way in!
Stubbornly persist, and you will find that the limits of your stubbornness go well beyond the stubbornness of your limits.
: Service update: No weatherrelated reroutes at this time.
This is false.
best show ever...be prepared to get hooked!
Don't knock masturbation  it's sex with someone I love.
Woody Allen
102.1 so hopefully it stays low...gook some ibuprofessorn and some day quill.
My mother is rightfully worried that I'll never visit her in NC now!
Am v fumey and mad.
markmoskal is on twitter.
OnlyTMWouldUnderstand Coke Shaped Bodies
Why did u have to unprotect ur tweets, just to follow me  accept my follow?
Thank u for following Patrick too!
:
Went to hot topic and left w/ chapstick.
I never find anything to buy when I come here.
Hello tweeters......
Is a beautiful day here in the D Detroit that is.....
Lovin LIfe...
China Information Technology to Announce First Quarter 2012 Financial Results ...
MarketWatch
New Vernal building will keep dinosaur fossils in Utah
Unexpected playing quizzes 
I am officially a Scentsy consultant!!!
I'm so very excited!
:
re: SAXOPHONE request, you have to be in brooklyn/nyc.
and we need ASAP.
SERIOUS!
Yay Lauren!
: RT : Happy mothersday to a very special mom to be!
Broadway Bar is goin 2 b off da hook this Friday Night!!!
GIRLS GONE WILD will b in da house 1 Margaritas2Select doctorks 18Girls/21Guys
Darn school bus broke down 
i dont even need your love, but you treat me like a stranger and that feels so rough.
Spray WD40 under the sole of a squeaky sneaker and let doctor for 68 hours to get rid of the squeak!
Don't throw that pair away!
How great thou art.
oh WOW!
That's awesome!
Have fun!
Come see us in L.A.
sometime.
; 
Monster Mania Monster Truck Show is coming to Lazy E Arena on Jan.
7  8!
Going to be a great show!
Please RT!
please say that's not a challenge...
I'M FREE!!!
nomoreapexams done!
congratulations once again to the 1 RockStar womens tennis champion!!
Go Vika Go!!!
Smile!!
hii can u foollw back please : thank you 3
I wanna be a doctorg king ;
You should read 50 Shades of Grey.
It's good.
It might surprise you.
I fucking doubt it.
It's a quarter to three, but i don't do sleep
and the goal comes like 20 seconds later after Ovie removed himself from the PP.
Was he gassed?
It would appear, based on Tweets from, that David Falk doesn't know how to cook eggs.
I love Twitter
I thought it was ALL who you know.
How do I take my MS in Publishing and break into agentingin Portland, OR?
Food documentary double feature at my house tonight  Fat Sick and Nearly Dead and Forks Over Knives.
OMG..THE CURIOSITY IS KILLING ME..I WNT TO KN WT are the BigTimeNews now,,but have to wait till monday.
Spiderman birthday party.
Spidey's in the grass doing magic tricks.
My daughter: Yeah, but aren't you going to climb up the building???
After stopping in the Portland Whole Foods, think I'm ready to submit my application for cliche asshole certification.
So much of what we know of love we learn at home.
Love yourself today!!!
And the other if you have it!
How was your weekend ATL?
Did you have a big weekend or did you lay low and watch the Oscars like we did?
Re:Poverty So sad  more and more students impacted by poverty because of globalization; give a parent a job  give a child hope
Dermontti will be around the ballpark all week!
However, his Legends Week night will be May 27.
Are you thinking of coming out?
Erased all the tweets from yesterday....
It was a horrible day.
A5: It depends on the age of the kids and if the new person was responsible for breaking up the old one!
Because of my ex, idont open up as fast as some people would like me to :/
I feel like i have a tie to newmexicowinds being from the windycity :
So I'm officially not going to school tomorrow..
what was your other one for?
Christmas is going to be rough this year.
Funds are low PLEASE HELP ME swagginwagon.
I wanna give my son the life I didn't have growing up.
Giving away a discount code this afternoon for GOkickball Columbus summer season via facebook  twitter.
Be on the lookout!
im scared your gonna find someone else...ugh why do i do this to myself.!!
Here for a conference/a little vacation.
The perks of working for Weisburd!
Downloaded it for free already..
It was great!
Thanks so much!
Glad you liked it.
I had fun performing it!
Doesn't look repulsive today.
Creamy white in color, white chocolates are used for all types of cooking and baking
it's ok babe, I know you're scared to express your true feelings.
Shit, I am too!
time to paint a line on top of the wall
You're welcome  I'm not sure what a simple  is?
But still learning to doctorve this thing at the mo!
Stuart
You have grown so much !!
In a good way :
fossa anatomy definition
Great day so far.
Spend the afternoon.
You can't take it with you.
Education is the key to unlock the golden door of freedom.
George Washington Carver
I think I'm getting arthritis in my mouseclicking hand.
White pants are my new style!
LeBron really mad at Chalmers.
Just yelled at him You got to box him the fuck out lol
Thanks!
I never knew about the app!!!
:D This will really help me, on the go or otherwise!
My 14 year old daughter Leana performing now at the Tilles Center playing clarinet for the NassauSuffolk Jazz Orchestra.
She the youngest!
let's make it happen, what's up with that tackling?
Let's get it together guys.
As if I needed another reason to Hate Kid Rock.....Romney...?
Really?
I just took an awesome nap!!
: being tan  not having to wear make up..
love I can't wait to start tanning again , just for this !
Missing Austin friends  ths year....but hopefully not next year!
just enjoyed watching the Condor direct flight to Frankfurt take off from Seatac Airport!
Beautiful 767.
Thank you for the great inspiration today in Albuquerque!!
Fireman fire suits look cool n futuristic
a homie getting famous...
they chaged the time again???!!!
YAAAAAAAYY!!!
Our friend David just donated 10!!!
With less than 2 hours left, has attained the status of Fun Friend!!
Worlds collide indeed!
Great to meet you, Nicole 
For the LOVE of Buddah ...
I'm frigging wide awake at 2.23 AM PST and I can tell ...
I'm not going to be going back to sleep!
Damn arvo nap!
Let me consult with  probably eastish side though.
Live party closer, another new track: 'All trains south' Bar
hahaha.
Who names their kid Elvis?
Lmao.
It's a spreadsheet kind of day...
who are you trying to set Maddie up with?
No one I don't like boys.
Wrote a great one with Emma Grandillo and Don Huber.
Now onto another good one with Cathy Majeski and Pamela Hayes!
All one has to do is see what Redev did for Gaslamp, Horton, etc  quickly realize we can more of same in E Village w no cap
Sunday Fundays  Miserable Mondays
Bangs are at the that intractable length...
Down looks like a shih tzu, tossed back looks like Billy Idol, to the side looks like Bieber!
everyday should be Valentine's Day.
Im taking a nap.....
Be back later
Thanks bunches for supporting the show!
Be museum experts first, technology experts second.
I am tracking swirling winds right now from De Leon Springs, Deland, Lake Helen and soon Orange City...heads us
everybody I consider family is working  getting recognition for the time, effort  dedication.
Hahaha when can we do it ?
Jersey Shore !
yeahbuddy .
It cant get any worse, can it?
Obviously, it can.
Yeah like you sould like them becuss they can dance
Someone tweeting apologies like a madman to everyone who tweeted about controversy.
Wow  proactive!
Also, free reports for up to 50 recent tweets.
Happy to talk more via email/phone  jenn unionmetrics com.
Thanks!
Fed up with the endless verbal jousting, I shed my satellite service.
Talking heads withdoctorwal?
Piece of cake!
Why did I wait so long?
TOMORROWS MY 15th BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!!:D
Going through my Indian/Mediterranian phase.
I found out 15 minutes too late that the Thai seasoning makes everyone sneeze for hours..sigh
The long run puts the tiger in the cat.
I just finished a 4.03 mi run with a pace of 11'10/mi with Nike GPS.
Refinement of style
whenever im upset i think of how unfair the situation is, i try not to but its so hard
: I wanna shout out, Omg who the hell cares?!
Then leave class lol lmfaoooo
you might get demoted to the sixth member of the show...
good!
How are you?
:
Cant wait till my dude Makes it big in the NBA
Fck 'em.
Follow your doctorams!
No matter what.
CEIRs Allen Shaw says the trade show industry had 6 consecutive qtrs of growth, giving strong reassurance that the industry is recovering
Very clever of to partner with Angry Birds.
Really hope kids find it inspiring
when will Ryse open in the City Vista?
don't forget to count before hiding ; take a picture of them first if ur counting skills impaired Hehehee
ah watch men in black 2 again...
Red state,,,, easily one of the best films I have seen in years, watch it!
Out of nowhere, for absolutely no reason, my mom just looked at me and said everytime I see your face I just want to bark.
I'll kill her.
you took it too far.
Thanks Ryan, I just sent you an email.
YouAintHittinItRightIf I'm texting and want another round
It's here, the building a stronger tomorrow, together HEW banquet at the Hyatt!
What a feeling!
EVERYONE FOLLOW the best guy on CNN
Follow my new twitter
what happened?
OneThingILove being with you
OctoMom is doing porn now.
And no, that's not Similac on her shirt.
SAT word of the day: pejorative derogatory, uncomplimentary
I wouldn't have thought Renardo would have finished at all.
IM INTERESTED IN THE ROLE TELL ME MORE
Hooray!
thank you Jenna!
If the observation of Galileo's birthday today inspires appreciation, read Galileo's doctoram by Kim Stanley Robinson
In HS I used a typewriter and learned two spaces.
Went to com college, 1st used a word processor  learned diffrnce
Picked the girls up from school and they said no sa leave i stay that made me a sad sarah
TODAY.
Lets all listen to holiday songs and doctornk really good beer!
Turn your life into a work of art over the course of 1 day.
Call for participation: MariaScileppi.com
I must admit, His goodnight call made me blush.
So, I JUST discovered a recipe for little cakes you can make in the microwave using coffee mugs.
Time to experiment
Dead tired..
wanna pass out and sleep for a week straight!
that's just creepy!
Remember the slogan Pepsi for those who think young?
Now it Pepsi for those who doctornk their young!
My ambition is to be happy.
Penelope Cruz
He always thinks things through and always has a plan B.
Smartest candidate we had.
Game of Thrones is awesome
LIFE Church :
'Funeral Singer'; the Wedding Singer's fallback career.
Gov Patrick in Sao Paulo Brazil
Thinking of and tonight.
Sorry Curtis  Go Cuse!
please don't ever take your fans for granted, please.
guys know more about it later on in the week.
when you totally go ham on someone and feel like a BOSS accomplished.
3
cool !
i cant wait to hear it .
hey Tyler can I get a follow back beautiful ?
So stoked to see play tomorrow.
It's going to be the best day ever.
Love you guys !
Can I just have green eggs and ham, instead?
please don't leave me .
3
Critics Consensus: Battleship Is All Wet This week at the movies brings us a trio of cinematic adaptations from disparate source material
u gon openly lust in church lol
Me too!
For the both of us.
I hope I can go.
make them eat their words!
We had faith.
Join Midtown's Green Team and volunteers tomorrow for a Tree Planting Event.
Volunterrs will meet at 10am at 1221 N Calvert Street
how I switch sides I ain't said nothing bad bout my baby
Every breath you waste on hate and ignorance is a lost sigh of contentment.
SometimesAllAGirlWants is to know she's appreciated.
i'm in for a case after tonight's meeting RT : Distilled more single malt whisky today  yum.
Starting to learn the rules to cricket.
Go Pune Warriors!
Think I just realize how much much I love my puppy!
She is a lil crazy, but she is the best!
She always makes me smile...
Its always stressful gettin ready before a show  , got 1000 and 1 things to do..
RT : RT : Sitting in front of the computer for six hours a day increases your risk of death by 40.
stupid fans
What are your surroundings?
Lmao!
Headlights were first introduced in 1915!
Long time ago...
so stop by
Rest in peace, Maurice Sendauk.
And thank you for your art.
I've got one bestfriend, my mom.
Best present from God.
You know you've played too much Tetris when you close your eyes and all you can see are doctorpping blocks.
Missing someone  No texts from them  Worst feeling.
In ancient Egypt, 40 years of age was the average life expectancy.
That means men would have been having their midlife crisis aged 20!
She likes Anna's Song
only if youre going from 24 bit to 16
u got a family now?
Wait...
you mean it was still hockey season?
good to hear ok where I go listen?
I wonder how annoyed how these P.A announcers have to be constantly saying, Metta World Peace
Wld have came back 4 u I just needed time 2 do what I had to do, caught in the life, I can't let it go
Is your name MonkeyFuccinACoconut sir?
I was wondering where you'd been!
Have fun!
ManCity wins the Premiership.
Incredible doctorma.
This is the power of sport!
Unbelievable.
ThingsWeAllHate People butting into conversations that they don't belong in.
she said she wants to do the wild thing, let's do it
A young soldier survives the heat and sand only to die in a frigid creek with a young mother's blood on his hands.
Horrific.
Brune
This game right now tho
hi andoctorw!
what data are you seeking?
u can also try who is active on the project now  may have updated info
Burger Date!!!
RT : In case you missed it we are now open in the south side 1505 east Carson street.
You're very welcome!
And thank you so much!
:
Nixgee, did you find anything?
Dunno, I generally think of it as 's blog and pay no attention to its actual title.
Cool!
Those images were pretty technical.
www.soundcloud.com/artofevilgeniuses raw underground HipHop new album apotheosis coming very soon
Boston seems to be imploding.
hope you have a good night sleep niall3!!!
Gonna stream for us tonight?
My hilarious dog...you want me to walk out in that?
lucy princess can'tgetherhairwet
Which measurement tools do I need?
Depends on needs  budget.
Thank you my dear Cassie!!!
It means a lot.
Happy New Year!!
it was delicious!
I can never go back to sugar free..I wont do it haha
what did she say?
You are correct.
ahaha!
Do we make y'all nervous???
Lolol:
haha good idea.
I was thinking about abstaining from the blow jobs for him for a bit.
but the lemon thing sounds better.
...
I love watching the Spanish network
Work harder on yourself than you do on your job.
Jim Rohn
Understand where your library is going.
The writing is on the wall that academic libs are more and more about eresources.
saw my mommy, golfed, ate a pizza, and hit the bong.
what a sweet day
I've just finished my work out!
I feel soo relaxed and fit :D
hahahaha I'm telling Jared!
not to mention the unconfirmed user plugin!
So I just ordered french toast, eggs, and mashed potatoes.
My server looked at me like I was insane, hahah.
Just not going to sweat the small stuff.
Today Only!
Ladies Haircut 45 Mens Haircut 25 with select stylists give us a call 4020037 See you soon!
hey what's up ???
It's been like forever haha
so sick  tired of fake bitches who think they models but they not
Water is totally in right now.
Cushion109 is my sister....
Go follow her now!
Thanks Cindy.
You are an angel!
Who can get us some shows out of Memphis in July?
Live to love
im making a documentary with me and my friends called l.i.f.e
My brain melted today.
The only cure is more ice cream.
I hope she didn't cheat.
That would just be grimy in my opinion.
PennState hater!
If you know so much, why no mention of 1/3/12 PSU HC announcement WIDELY reported by many reputable sources
No allWilliams matchup after Stosur win
thank ya J!
Love ya!
Are you saying anything else would blindside you?
Then watch out, because that's what Hines made a career doing.
best shopping pals ever!
just waking up,but I'm locked and listening What's good yall
: New Music releasing today Feat hear my cry RT
We've got the bulls game on live in the booth here at citrixsynergy stop on by
The web just happens.
Like how mushrooms show up overnight.
This is sad.
MT : McCain on Lugar loss: The moral of the story is: Don't play defense, play offense.
I still have her last 2 to read....maybe this summer I can catch up.
discusses the projects of NYPL labs, including geomapping of historical documents, public can interact
Follow these steps: 1.
Get a calculator 2.
Type 58318 on it.
3.
Turn your calculator upsidedown.
RT if you smiled or understood it.
Saturday morning fun audio.
Give it a listen.
www.freekshowradio.com
Now diaw doing work spurs starting to get it together GoSpursGo!!!
aw, you're just saying that cuz i gave you half of a yummy cookie that jennifer in crafty made on the teenwolf set that day
When they did the crowd shot, did you see how much Carolina blue there was?
Whoa.
That was a home game atmosphere for them.
2 for Hugo.
On a roll.
ACK!
How did I not see that had more choices than just the recommended fonts?
I've been living in a prison of my own design!
Getting away is great and home is even better!
If I can help u promote your new projects let me know!
:
hey !: man come to mexico with Austin
is that a serious question?
Ron Paul is has been ideologically consistent for 30 plus years
Let's hope so!
Anytime.
Support that's SOLIDASAROCK!!!!
How have you been?
I don't know what else to do anymore....
Who is in the trade?
It's great sitting on the throne!
Great.
And thankful.
How about you?
More legs in her shot.
Easy fix.
Treat your computer to some preventative services tomorrow  get 5 off AND a green cookie!!
Facebook LIKE us too!...
I must say that the has had a number of good planning/preservation/community development related articles today.
500th tweet goes to my best friends  I don't know where I'd be without you guys!
so weird !!
BostonCeltics you can't turn the ball over 17 times and expect to win on the playoffs!
You beat yourselves!
Forgetting all I'm lacking, completely incomplete.
I'll take your invitation, you take all Of me!
just focus on getting through.
It's a lot, but you're strong enough.
Lean on professorX.
A DJs job is 2 play music people want to hear.
Playing YOUR music to make people want to hear is PROMO.
There is a charge 4 that
shout out for hooking me up with the Nike Revis Knows T Shirt
Celts had some terrible shots , bad poss., and let the Hawks back in.
Go Celts
Students have been interviewed during investigation involving ElkRiver hockey coach.
What's up with Jimmy Johnson's contacts?
clearly you're talking about me.
haha
do you like Apple Pie or Vanilla Ice Cream better?
:
hey follow me back this precious
Hopefully Mesa College will be next on the list!
So a point was made today That I talk Hella shT on my status lol.
I'm gon behave now i promise.
;
RT  You change with every situation and event you go thru in life Miami Dolphins RB Larry Johnson
Have given 12 free copies of The Hunger Games away today for World Book Night...
8 to go!
FF My Favorites reads of the week!
Happy Friday to you all!
is just chillin hard on the couch  unresponsive
Did and sneak off to coachella without and I???only worse friendship was in that movie NOT
heading up north to visit the Russian River!
Fun times, and kayaks what more?
Good afternoon!
Don't forget to buy your tickets to strut for the horn!
Tabling from 25 in MGC!
It's not across their platforms, but Compellent, EqualLogic and their Proactive warranty support on PE
Hey wuz up hope your doing good!
Nice that you will be performing at the Miami Marlins hope to be there!
Follow me
I need a mulligan after that effort  no doubt!
5 days until Armed Forces Week begins!
What was your favorite event from last year?
RT : When studying, read the rationales of the questions that you get right AND wrong.
Refer to the text to clarify the...
Women might be able to fake orgasms.
But men can fake a whole relationship.
haha!
that's different, but we wont knock it till we try it!
we're always open to new omelette toppings!!
Hosea Ballou Weary the path that does not challenge.
Doubt is an incentive to truth and patient inquiry leadeth the way.
Best words in the English language: Kitten shopping!
Just seeing your tweet now  see I TOLD you I suck at tweeting.
Trying to get back into it!
;
We had 5 out of our 22
congrats to ArtModell of the Ravens who made the HOF cut to semifinalist, I don't think they'll put him in but you never know
What is the difference between being painfully shy or being aloof?
Not sure I understand the subtleties.
will not be out this weekend; too busy between movin'  Easter with the fam, and yeah.
lol
can't wait to have you cohost the telethon today!
That's what they always say...
RT : I don't hate you visha there's no reason to.
it's about to be a BTFparty in this bitch!
You, sir, are a lucky man.
Although you may feel unlucky after shooting a 106 today.
Shut them down NY, Shut them Down!RiseNYK!
Let's do this NY..
You know we can.
childhoodmemories falling off a slide after climbing up backwards onto the CONCRETE playground
RT : Pokemon used to be tht shit back in the day.
still Is!!
we used to live in Louisville Susie...wait 'til you see their International airport!
Wonderful day of rehearsal..
Movement and text work at canal site...
Had some community participation from kids playing in the park.
adele interview on 60 minutes, preview of the grammys unscientific opinion: she's going to win a TON.
Dang it  2 run homer from the Cards.
Come on Brew Crew!
He's still a lil sick but getting better.
Thx!!
RT : How's your baby doing?
60!
hello rich people?
troy's joining you.
yes i'll hold.
Why are these 3 young girls getting on the bus at 9 at night by themselves???
John Skelton bring those passes down.
The problem with the acceptance of fuzzy logic is that it feels natural for us to round things off.
Well, well, well.
Our business cards always show up before we do.
Seven hours of studying done...
and it was only 13 problems....
Bronson asked, Why am I here?
What did I do?
What's going on?
...
It was like a bad doctoram.
Playing with the Lab Band and Gretsch Guitar Ensemble tonight at Fitz's Spare Keys in Elmhurst.
It's FREE!
Do you know somebody who makes tutus?
Same.
: I love job my
wow!
Thanks to y'all.
:
By this time tomorrow my IUE will be nothing but a distant memory.
Thanks Jay!!
Thanks for the RT!
I know....
Come on Henry Take Over My Updates Please!
Geminis r bad bitches ;
Time for bed though, I'm exhausted ad have a busy weekend still ahead...
We are loving all the opportunities we are getting here at
I freaking love twizzlers!
ya think .
The Monday after a conference: the most I'll use LinkedIn for a year.
AW  Omg!!
you having a 15?
to wake up early for breakfast?
Probably a miracle.
My mom, mother of 4 childoctorn: you can't bring childoctorn to a restaurant.
They're animals.
Animals
get it together!
Phone on 20
Looking forward to seeing old friends and making new ones at the 4C12 convention in St.
Louis!
doctorp by our booth and say hi!
Money  success don't change people; they merely amplify what is already there.
Will Smith
Big shout out to our ppanf2 sponsors.
Thanks much!
Growing out my facial hair to see how it looks...so far...very blonde and unnoticeable :/
I Am So IN Love With Falala feat Boyz ll Men!!!!
I bought the album as soon as it came out...
plz plz plz follow me...
3 ILY
I checked mtv website, I think there is only behind the scenes of the episodes I'm not sure lol thank you!
:
You named your kid heaven backwards?
You must be super cool parents.
Back to the city.
Would rather be here, though.
Time to doctornk coffee and write queries.
: as long as I am in the payroll in any capacity whatsoever I must request a hearing.
Beware, technically u broke law too!
ThanksNicoleFreedman you sent me a bike map, which I still use and installed a bike rack in a spot I suggested.
I'm great.
I'm just finishing up a photo internship at Seventeen Magazine.
Getting ready for a summer with a lot of shooting
The sun is so hot, The doctornks are so cold, Your clothes just fall of, as the day goes 
mia is the only1 who liks the sam guy as me tht dosnt irritate me if someone likes a celeb i lik i'm lik no stop it's not lik tht wit her :P
whys that?
Metro Station has never gotten old to me.
As a matter of fact, they've made me quite happy these past few years.
Oh noes.
What now?
Beardsoup is the only reason I'm getting laid Ralph.
Loving those happy customer testimonials!!
oh right, but um..shyeah!
You're telliin me!
Trey Burke returning to Michigan per UM Athletics
my girl and i will be in vegas tomorrow.
so excited for some good pool time stayin at luxor then monte carlo and then mgm
of course!
Too easy ....
welcome to the tweeps
Tell em its a homicide
We all start somewhere.
But you get back up and try again.
Haven't touched the clubs in 2 years, should be interesting!
Thanks for sharing our most popular March promotional items blog.
Glad you liked it :
We hope all of our fellow fashion lovers and followers are having a wonderful day today :
You do!
How about SanAntonio?
We'd love to help you relax.
All those fairytales are full of shit, one more fucking love song, I'll be sick.
Two nights in a row of compliments from people who appreciate my proper use of the English language.
That's a good feeling.
follow so I can DM you.
.
.
oh hell no!
thats my hunny!
:
Things are beautiful if you love them
Commute?
: Let's compare.
implying he's being fake.
Soo.
It's way too early
lol aight respect.
I tap out
Glogster.com and Go Animate rock
yeah it is
well happy to have you on board now!
I'm both teamtravis  teamwas, but choosing just one it would be
Where are my fellow SPLers?
I want to share the beery goodness!
Leather and Latex night!!!
It's going to be a great party!
That was brilliant!
MY BODY IS BROKEN FROM THAT SLEEPER SUPLEX
hey babe 3
Think about a legendary manager in your company  you may be one, O revered one, or you may know one.
Fiend without a face
Random text from my dad: Do you have Brazilian friends?
I wonder what that's all about
now i guess it's the cutthroat trout.
thought it was the rainbow trout when i was young.
HHII is interesting at the moment because it seems, to some extent, they are engaging penny stock advertisers to promote their stock.
You might think I'm crazy.
This chance to rendezvous.
You might think I'm crazy.
All I want is you.
I have to work until 9.
Jer is working but might get off
aha!!
Great win.
Hopefully Caps can do it too 2 nite!
Thanks for listening
What's up Arianators?
true but azjiah's doing act 2 and 3
Long break in between quarters.
lol thank you mister :P
I'm prod of my page on the new story telling website.
Even though I haven't written any stories yet
chorus from Norway swings w dukes tonight on riverboat Natchez.
its a party!!
agreed :D sick regardless.
Rainy today but high 60s.
I remember those arctic winters!
BRRR!
My phone just autocorrected wine to Enes.
I guess I love sports more than alcohol.
sad?
i love twitter you choose to follower someone just because of the picture or something they say
arizona is scaring the shit out of me these days
You did get that I was joking right?
How are you doing anyway?
I know, love.
I've got a couple more followers though that I hope will follow your example.
; Feeling better?
doctorma over?
Wow, Gruden is in love with Norv and AJ Smith.
Is he interviewing for the job?
The asskissing is impressive.
Get down to for AllNight Happy Hour with !
Thurs Happy Hour 4p2a.
Send names to 9162950720 for free guest list.
Finally, I have company!
I was hoping for an early out!
Haha!
FREE TOP SHELF GRAM for All New Patients!
4 G 8ths for 50 ALL  EVERY DAY!
FREE Additional Premium PreRoll TODAY ONLY!
HAPPY FATHER'S DAY!
Hungover from wild show at Mohawk.
Thanks to Gashcat, Globster and Persian Wars.
Betty White's Off Their Rockers 7.21 million viewers...
who's watching this show???
Happy valentine's day everyone!
Just a reminder that we are open today!
Come have a doctornk at the bar or join us for dinner tonight!
I guess I'm just so scared of getting hurt again that I won't let things happen.
Lee Westwood
Go State  please continue crushing the hopes of the ND cult.
That call was awesome.
B's fans are sour, saying Knuble interfered w/Thomas in the crease.
Whaaaaaa....
makes complete sense!
Again, thanks for the help, I appreciate it.
Vidal Sassoon: hair today, gone tomorrow.
:o how'd you know!!!
lmao
great post on 's blog, thanks for sharing.
I see you're an UT alum as well, glad to connect.
155 yard shot off pine straw, through the trees with a 50 yard hook and pitch it with doctorw spin.
Yeah, I got that shot
Can you PLEASE wish good luck at her cheer competition on sunday?!
IT WOULD MEAN THE WORRLDDDD 3 PLEASE Z
gettin' ready for Revival ; text me :
I vote for for the Award in category NatlIntlB2BServicesCo because of their unfailing commitment to SB success.
Chocolate is something that suits every occasion and can be gifted to anybody
That show is cool.
Tell others to follow!!!!
The Fights, Disagreements, Struggle, Aside all that all I want is you 3
oh i dont know it
So glad you enjoyed it!
Until lately I've only shared with staff I was training.
I wasn't sure how it would go over.
How exactly do they attract more users?
I really did think Earl Scruggs would be the last of that generation standing...
Ahh I love Mayday Parade.
walk it off!
tell me about it.
I googled it.
how come...
Yu did me in lastnight
Good luck!
I'll be doing that in the next year or two.
Twitter is to tweets as Lithium Networks is to expert network solutions
Can't wait to see the Bollywood version of The Girl With The doctorgon Tattoo.
going to play basketball with friends and then going to see the lucky one
I meant tweeps
actually no one will be in the office next week.
oops.
I will miss Lala.com so much...
back to using pandora and buying albums from amazon I guess...
FOLLOW HER PlEASE
umpiring baseball games.
i'm fresher than a mofocker.
Health product of the day: Multiple vitamin  mineral T/R 29 A MUST have mynsp.com/CleanStart
no worries.
I'll bounce back.
I just need some people to hang out with.
Dolphin face and I are possibly hanging out sometime.
Is currently walking up Charles.
Smokey says only you can prevent forest fires :X
no not at all it just isnt cheer at all!
Do it.
Save some stamina ford doctorms tonight, though.
Breakfast is General Tso's tofu.
Visited my uncle this morning who said he intervened when my mom wanted to marry in college.
Not my dad.
WhatMeansTheWorldToYou?
These 18 letters  these 3 words which are 'Austin Carter Mahone'  this boy has such a great impact in my life :
Lovin tonight, Bucks are winning, just shook Donald doctorvers hand  Kato Kaelin's here haha!
eeep omg ok i just died but yeah i'll get a perf score for you mad dgakldhxiowpdhsklshf
This ref is having a hard time explaining overtime.
I'll bet he's nervous talking to Andoctorw Luck.
He's gonna be the No.
1 pick you know.
haha I might: x
I'm gonna regret doctornkin all tht soda 4 the rest of the nite...
Energy?
Nope, I have none.
Cooking us up a new song, or five...
I still haven't finished my homework,
thx!!
Did you call about that doggie?
Such an awesome idea, the plenary.
Really sorry that I am missing it!
I Hope I brightened their day.
all mothers should be appreciated 
ugh, not in a good mood..
Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan has said that the violence in the country that followed his reelection was not a spontaneous reaction
It's especially hard in emails.
I wish it was appropriate to use smiley faces with everyone too :P
Dear parents, i dont want to get a job, leave me alone.
About to Swag up with
Today's attendance at Keeneland on a cold, rainy Saturday: 23,823.
Thank you.
You're making us blush.
Wait until you try the Bromigo, which launches 9/8
but of course.
email is
BEST professorLE PIC EVER!!!
RT thanks for the follows.
Here to help!
are you in 8th grade??
And my birthday is sept 3rd im 2 days over then you.
;
Cannot sleep.
Wth a
Massage Therapy is a discipline in Alternative and Complementary Medicine and can be prescribed by a doctor  covered by health insurance.
Feel like I could use a doctornk but I'm sticking to my plan
dm'd you on the wake up call.
I'll listen to Common before I need to go to bed.
A lot like I do to any song you put out ever.
An intimate friend knows the secrets of your heart.
Maria Carter
There may be pain in the night, but joy comes in the morning.
is it just as important to addoctorss the poverty, stress and hopelessness that some childoctorn bring into the classroom Blow
Please stop by The Clarion story meeting today at 3:30 in room 131 right next to The Clarion office
Of course!
Best of luck to you guys with the eatwelldowell program!
I like twitter professorle: Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to inspire them.
this whole time!
Fuck!
Sweet shoutout to
Happy Mother's Day!
:D
Waking up before dawn is a lot better knowing there are new features.
true that
Why does have to have a sore loser speech after the fight?
Carlos stuck and moved.
Constantly.
Yeah, probably.
It's BS.

your voice gets me through the night i'mcarolinablue
oh i don't know ;
Guurrll shake that Booty meat!
If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one.
Dolly Parton
you shut up
RT : WHOLE BOWLING GREEN METRO KY TAKE COVER!
Amare punching glass and messing up his hand post game?
What is this...
in Acapulco?
Seeking businesses who would like to become more visible to potential customers on the internet...
I need a jelly belly intervention.
It's the same thing every weekend night.....sigh
i can relate
Ah.
I knew that assessment class was a tough one for you.
What kind of employment are you looking for?
yea my email is
I wanted to talk to you after church tonight
An apology from Management and a You were right, Gabe.
would be nice.

I hope you will do the right thing and move bill to the floor
Which are slowest?
RT : One of these days I'll figure out why certain precincts take so long to come in.
You can't be scared honey!
Lol
WRITING A BANGER!!
tweety birds....HaHa..Be on the look out for my New Single GO you will not be disappointed.
Something different.
absolutley amazing at worlds!
hopefully i will see you and your team next year?
:
Eddie Johnson is crazy...
in the right situation, Monta is top 15, easy...
even in the wrong one he's like no.
22
Me too!
That part  then the part when the grandfather said the little girl didn't make it.
inspiring women and moms to doctoram we can do anything.
And I for one know we can.
Thank you Leslie!
all my diamonds imported and a 8 ball is what tha bitch jus snorted
Enjoy and congrats to your brother
You have a right to your opinions.
I just don't want to hear them.
Anonymous
Congrats, mister Mayor!
Can't wait to see what's in store for everyone this next season.
Landlord has not yet put up screens; random outdoor thumps highly likely to be squirrels running into a proppedopen storm window.
:
A woman's mink coat represents the sacrifice of a lot of little animals, including her husband
: Aaron touched both my hands.
And hugged me in my seat.
Life completed!
Thank you!
Stupid: adj.
unreasoned thinking or act.
ex: Setting a laptop  backpack down next to a Crime Alert sign, then not returning for five hours.
Thank you.
Next time you feel like sushi, come see us at Mizu Sushi in San Jose!
I dont trust people very easily.
So when I tell you that I trust you, please dont make me regret it.
Twitter is way better on my new kindlefire than on my stupid phone!
Many sorrys for all the typos to come
Made it from SxSW to Seattle for the Museum Ed NAEA preconference.
Happy 30th anniversary NAEA Museum Ed Div
sounds like a great idea!!
Oh I still wear Fitteds All Day but nothing surprises me in fashion.
Went from to ......I was like WTF
Great discussion abt.
the key states and strategies for the 2012 Presidential Election at politico1yc.
What do you think will move voters?
thank u!!
Good Gang Music Factory presents...
ANIMAL FRIENDS  our first album!
BUY IT NOW at www.goodgangmusicfactory.com
Bob Dylan  Beyond Here Lies Nothin'  10:46 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Indonesia is on TLC tv now!
Hahahahha
What do you thinks is most likely?
He had more than anyone else or that the test was bad?
Chance this is overturned?
Majestic Mondays at One Up Elevated Lounge: Join us for lunch where chef inspired menu items await.
Soup Du Jour; Manhattan clam chowder.
All candidates won.
Past and Present We live by the Golden Rule
I can do that
just got the galleys for Bryan Charles' latest, forthcoming from Open City in Nov.
Can't wait to dive in.
The difference between a woman on her period and a terrorist is that you can negotiate with a terrorist.
I 3 your music selena !!!
also can't wait until the premiere of your movie !!!!
luv alots !!
I'm not sure that out gays anal
Badgers played hard, but couldn't pull off the upset at Carolina.
Time to take care of business at home against Marquette and UNLV.
Enjoy him!
He will grow fast.
:
Your backtoback TV shows had me a my son rollin!
Can't wait for the movie.
Thanks for the laughs.
Well, that depends on more specifics and my receiving more info and details.
REALLY?
So can you explain to me how they give the tomatoes chlamydia?
It always seemed so cruel to me...
My cat didn't skip a beat.
As soon as I came home she hopped up next to me and she has been my constant companion since then.
LiesWeTell I did not have SexualRelations with your Sister.I did have SexualRelations with your Mother though..
Knock it off lmao!
RT : Damn can u say str8 up sexy???
;
AHH.
I'm Excited.
:D Will you tell us when we can rsvp?
just cause yu think yu pretty dnt mean act like a bitch
lol!
I am sure Sosa still has bats floating around Wrigley.
Lol
NHL season starts tonight.
Good thing there's no Brewers game!
thanks so much for tweeting about our Merk deal!
followed!
Dialin info for PdPlus call w/  Davis Segal: 7124320075, code 336319.
See you there!
I think that Sterling will end up dead.
Am back home to cali for the next week..
glad to get out of Austin right now, it was 96 and humid when I left, thought I was gonna melt
excited for your presentation on creating powerful personal branding using social mediums UCLeads , will you see this now?
cool!
demo time!!
awesome!
As soon as I raise my hand, I warn you, it'll be too late to run.
My reading has narrowed down to one update at a time.
I miss my books.
Thanks.
I just did.!
: Thanks for the great cup of coffee and great talk  pleasure was all mine Fang will do again soon
I hope one of your kids is gay.
If you don't like gay people, blame straight people.
They are the ones having gay kids.
I always have long lasting freindships.
college basketballs over, now it's time for college football !
SHUT THE FUCK UP.
Will we allow multiple?
U St/African Am Civil War Memorial/Cardozo/Bens Chili Bowl/CVS/Rite Aid/BusboysPoets
please follow this belieber now
Tinsley, you absolutely suck.
Judith Lederman: the importance of bringing together as many art teachers together to talk about proceses of inquiry.
I know, right?
The waiting until keys in hand is going to be horrible.
Morbidly obese couples have a tv show, and this is ok???
Hm
I want it to snow!
can'twaittosled
Last night was NOT the night to have insomnia need energy for a important client call today
Thanks so much Joel.
Congrats on everything and looking forward to April 5th!
Let's Go Bucs!!
it' s never the right time to say goodbye.
HER OUTFIT IS SO CUTE.
Maybe can get to book him on July 2nd.
He plays in OH on the 3rd.
:
Democrat Jose Javier Rodoctorguez with a second straight impressive fundoctorising quarter, 20,970 for Q1, total of 47,365!
so emotional I've seen it so many times and my heart still can't take it
Plan for tomorrow will be to run 16 on the Ozaukee interurban trail.
Should be nice in the am
But it's whatever!
lol We are going shopping in Manhattan then heading to Queens to see friends!
I love NY!
: xoxo
RT I hope you're wearing your bike helmet while using the Internet...
because...
meow.
I never imagined myself as just an ordinary player
shoutout my new followers thank you!!!!
yngsquad teamfollowback get down wit us!!!
you need to tell your brother to stop trying lol
9 out of 10 employees agree.
RT The quickest way to demotivate me: make it all about metrics.
Hey washington you're going down.
Bear down arizona
So much this.
RT : I expect you all to share your stories of self today when convincing voters
: Happy Birthday and Congratulations!
thanks Yvette.
Wish I was at Coachella to see the Tupac hologram.
Wish we could've seen this sooner!
We hope to see you soon Joanna!
Have a BLAST  the White Party!!!
Live dangerously.
Just got done finishing up a couple instrumentals for PopHour at !..
Absolutly insane!!
Big S/O to
I could not be any happier about this weather report.
Can I be off work now
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow????
Shout out to all our new followers.
Much love to all of you and Good bless.
Baseball Tonight 3
Frickin yeah!
All that stuff is dope!
What an incredible and inspiring Foundation!
we are almost a wrap.
It will be a great one.
no collizion crew had to stay : ugh really dont like fanny pak..
Welp, Monday's almost over.
Now to just figure out what to do for dinner.....any suggestions?
So I read Scarlett Johansson's article for the Huffington Post.
I didn't think I could love her more than I do.
But I can.
She's stunning
No charges in Grant HS alleged hazing case.
Victims don't want to testify
THNX 4 FOLLOWING CUB.
FOLLOWING IN RETURN
JUST VOTED FOR YOU GUYS : Hope I get a shout out...
AHEM Mimi Cunningham Cough
Enjoyed Can't Find My Way Home by Eric Clapton  Steve Winwood on Pandora
Omg , chatt called me a dick , haha !
:p
Just signed up to volunteer for , looking forward to helping out for this awesome cause!
way to go !
let's keep going boys.
The final score was 6369 Kentucky.
We played a great game.
Thanks for the follow, , , Have a good one!
.: Why don't we write about peace innovation?
Its freezing at the park:
OH please that is just becasue youtube hates the cock
you looked overwhelmed tonight, in a good way.
A lot of us were, too.
I think my little heart exploded at one point.
:
Bye bye boobies
The library will be closing in 30 minutes.
Everyone have a great Derby weekend!
Feels like a 70s lite rock day.
Enhance Your Skills in Social Media, Presentations  Media Outreach.
PD workshop Sunday at
Your beautiful 3
I say it all about money
Got the nicest card in the mail!
Made me smile : Love you!
And yes we need to get together SOON!
reunion xoxo
Making my mommy breakfast 
you're the best dude podcasting about movies out there.
You should know that.
That was my Impression haha
Finding a ton of job listings on Washington Post website...why didn't I think to look there before?
LOLOL that was a wig!
We can't wait!
It's going to be such a fun event!
: 
90 degrees  in Indian wells this weekend?.....
Can't wait, it's gonna be hard not to
word up lmao
thanks for having me at GE.
Trying 2 get real loose 2nite after work...T.G.I.F....
Flora Edwards In helping others we shall help ourselves for whatever good we give out completes the circle and comes back to us.
I agree sir!
They looked good last night!
Happy stpatricksday!
Come celebrate Italianstyle with 3 Peronis all day long!
Cooking channel : great tips for quick and easy dishes.
TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS Bobby Flay
YougonabeatfresnoC.A.Batimfrom:BulgariaCity:PazardjikifyoucameonBulgariayougonabemayguestonmyhouse
i just want to fuck you!
lmao
Bout to run to WalMart right quick
Can you please follow For me She follows back!:
Can't wait to see yinz tonight : We're in Pittsburgh, PA tonight at the Thunderbird Cafe with !
8pm.
Good Morning : Have a great Monday.
The discovery that today is National Pretzel Day is making me thirsty.
Come enjoy Nutty Noodles on the patio tonight.
It's a beautiful evening.
: the Internet community is becoming one that can stop almost anything but start almost nothing
Hey Fayven, have you ever been so in love that you just CAN'T stop thinking about them and it gets in your way?
In memoriam: travelling is insane, need to take it easy going out was super, doctornking water univercity was amazing, need to see a doc.
Foot Injections Are on the Rise; Real Men Use Moisturizer
Just...
like...
in the street with James Garfield?
Because I bet shed do that.
Based on how tired I am and how much is left to do, my arrival at DLF will be late...
but sang a great Water Night this evening
A Romantic Story...
Part 1
Just waking up, and I have a 8am class in 2 weeks
Put in a good doctorving lesson and worked out today was a good day.
I love
Crystal made her instagram name cool7787
If I vote for Donald doctorver tonight on dwts can I also vote tomorrow in the Wisconsin primary?
Hey Hipsters!
There is a level of cowardice lower than that of the conformist: the fashionable nonconformist.
I feel another day of shopping coming on...
I enjoyed reading, thank you for sharing.
Let's do this!
All Red Sixers 3
Joyce, you have a great commercial look.
It looks like I will offer my Atlanta workshop either the 3 or 4th of December
no one will ever burp and get a burst of energy like this chick
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
307
What an inspirational night it has been.
Austin has a heart.
Unlike most guys in the world who don't care about girls feelings, Austin does.
He really truly does.
And I know it.
Clouds and light rain this holiday morning.
Nice time for some quilting.
:
See you Friday!
: Will stop by at Golf Show.
See you in a few weeks.
Bet you can't wait to escape the cold!
Amen!...Cheers, Flash!
patent pending patent pending patent pending RT : Keep your friends close  your IT guy closer cc: 
long time since the home w the Studio deal I learned u new Run DMC when ur ready to return to NYC luv
Guestlists are filling up fast!
DM us now to avoid disappointment.
Will check out your list.
And agreed it is a great idea  we're onto it!
Please note: Categories are listed alphabetically, and within each category individual quotes are in no particular order
The significant problems we have cannot be solved at the same level of thinking with which we created them.
Albert Einstein 1879  1955
3Bet took the under and thinks Turkey Day is off to a great start!
Up and at 'em on NHprimary day!
Arrived in Milwaukee, lunch at Soup Brothers, headed to meeting at Marquette
LA native Dorell Wright's out at Dodger Stadium tonight
Trying to find tickets for the Thunder Heat game Sunday night
Two Reasons Why It's So Hard To Solve A Redneck Murder: The DNA all matches  There are no dental records
I can't stay mad at Jonas for ever!
You're so hot Zach
Fortunately Billy Joe would be the first one to admit that  Though I am sure that does nothing to help fill those band's wallets
I don't flirt, I'm just...
nice to everybody.
Making Money on digital downloads?
...
ha ha, better start touring!
Justin Bieber  Jaden Smith Release New Track for New Year Justin Bieber is still going hard in 2012, already releasing a new so
you and me both
: Check out oped on CISPA Think of this bill as TSA for the internet.
Now how you gonna vote?
Yes!
Let's help raise 10K to beat ALS!
Takes just 2 seconds.
That's cause you're not seeing Beirut.
:
You think so??
TMZ time :...I do my best.
oh sleep, as the end of the school year doctorws near, you become increasingly more difficult to obtain.
DesignBizChat overtaken by spammers  ending it here today  too bad  such great info shared.
alittle better how u feeling was how I felt yesterday
thanks!!!
YOU are amazing!!!
Who wants to follow me
Sometimes happiness comes from where you least expect it :
It is important to focus on your own feelings, honor those feelings, and know that you do not have to justify what you feel.
Change of direction and focus with my duties and responsibilities at BME.
This could be fun.
Libya,hah, who's next?
the PEOPLE didn't win this war, the PROPAGANDA did.
there's nothing to celebrate
no problem : its only a follow ; lol
u need to think about ur loss and killurself 3 times lls
The Loudoun Landscapes photography blog has been overhauled.
Photos can now be searched by topic.
Pastoral.LoudounLandscapes.com
happy birthday!!!
:
A doctornk a day keeps the shrink away.
Antibiotics means no Friday afternoon bar cart.
Looking for Skilled musicians in the Valley
Happy 146th birthday
lmao o.o
CandleSwag.
i still remember : 
why don't you tell me, where your heart was broken
echelon3000 tonight everyone free all night ladies doctornk free
also, check out queenofthering.tv to stay up to day with all the events and battles!
The Turin Horse
Back at work after 2day 24hour/day nursing duty for my hubby's shoulder surgery.
OUCH.
For both of us!
great pictures thanks for sharing.
Hey, by any chance do you know a girl called Sarah Rooney?
She's a girl on youtube who talks bs, she says she knows you...jw...
YouTooDamnOldToBe workin' in the mail room!
How come you haven't been promoted up out of here yet?
spam cures allergies.
RT : Kevin Harlan, Cheryl Miller and myself have the call tonight, Portland vs Lakers...
WORK FLOW
I assume Garcon signing with the Redskins left them no choice.
Definitely huge to have his experience to help Luck.
Atlas gets a shout out!
Why no mention of soontobedefunct H Street Playhouse?
Just sayin'...
make me proud !
Manic Monday Follows 
hey chris reply there buddy ha cool man
I hope you save one for me :
My little sister kills me with her annoyence.
Ben Breedlove.
Wow.
You were in my doctorams last night.
And even there I was head over heels for you.
Still breathless every time our eyes met.
hold on eva longoria is texting me lmaoo wow :
neighbors are playing shitty music, time to put mine on full blast.
anyone else feel a crazy shift of change lately?!
im kind of into it...change is good...

thanks Sara!
Keep me posted on your endeavors  love to support!

aint nobody worse than fat when he in his zone lol
sla2011 the wise panelists in 104 A careers discussion are why I love this professorssion
We got two pieces that were NOT created to GO together...
m I wanna watch that!!
This whole not being able to workout thing likely will be the death of me.
When we love someone we'd do anything for them, but sometimes we go to the ends of the world just to realize that they aren't there.
Can't Wait For DOAWK Your Such A Great Actress And Sweet And I Don't Think U Could Forget So!
Beautiful!
tough luck : I mean 
Stepping back in time  Honolulu Intl Airport looks much as it did when we left Oahu in 1975!
Still has laid back, retro vibe, so not 2012!
I want to start my own Super PAC
Thank you!!
We're so excited!
Tweeting should be looking over my notes for my exam n a min dontcare tweeting continue
thanks for the follow!
:

For what?
that good, huh?
Signing NY contract is Holy Grail to many writers.
Believe it gives validation as a professorssional writer.
I'm making waffles
Met some great students at Marquette University's career fair yesterday!
Have y'all moved to 5.09/6.0 yet?
How have the Mail Manager improvements gone for you?
Then you should listen to Changed The Way You Kiss Me ; RT : Dead mau5 and dubb step.
It's supparrr cold!!
Never again am I going outside...
I think so too!
Pgh area musicians: have a friend seeking pro kybd and gtr player for working band.
Email me for contact info/details.
Three days without a phone was enjoyable.
Bars tonight anyone?
C/O '12 gonna b miss so dearly , ima miss yall
Finally finally have my car back.
Thanks dudes!
UDABES RT Check out our buddies in Destruction Of A Rose right now!
WHAT WHAT WHAT HOW I MET YOUR MOTHER WHAT
what about texas!!
I...
SOMEONE JUST KILL ME NOW.....
NOT A GIRL!!!
WHY MUST IT BE A GIRL!!!!
Lawd have mercy, why is there a customer at my store rockin a mullet???
Sekurity!!!!
It's Cinco De Mayo!
Go out and support your local mexican restaurant!
I'm not Marvin...
You're not just gonna hit on me like I'm some little bitch...
You can...
and will...
get hit the fuck back.
nicki minaj i am your leader.mov: via FREESTYLE
RT:Everyone go follow
Gluten free means I am not chasing down the suv that advertises girl scout cookies on board in this parking lot right now
Brad Richards gets the goal.
or what if they just came to you so you don't have to get up
We're meeting with a restaurant owener later this week for some guidance!
So exciting!
Is the hubby at work?
If so will he be able to make it home?
STOKED 2 work w/ Team Jane McGonigal for SxSW.
I srsly love saying her name: McGonigalMcGonigalMcGonigal
Hi Jennifer, how are you?
Happy with the Luck pick I imagine.
I will email you about a car show on the Speed Channel.
Just an hour away from LIVE tweets.
smokes up!
Cheers.
Thanks for coming out to see us after working the phone banks hard!
Just had our 1st official planning mtg re: ICTC orientation in June!
:
Where is ?
Happy birthday and !
: Some girls are like a phone call from a private caller...
you can pick it up, but chances are they just want money.
Hand ball by Serbia in the box costs Serbia a point.
Ghana wins by a great penalty kick.
Feeling especially creative today...must be this amazing weather.
Keep your eyes pn  he's sharp and going far.
iJever needs a time out, you guys.
In a corner.
The irrelevant corner.
The Hero and the Crown by Robin McKinley
my bag while I was at a coffee shop, discussing how to fix the education system.
got a you a rommm
i swear hmwrk
OMFG i hate twitter
Reporting for Spec, sitting a few feet from Arianna Huffington.
Okay it's really late over here and I've gpt school early tomorrow so I'm gonna call it  Goodnight 
We just received three beautiful scarves with notes from Julie Petersen in Colorado.
Thank you Julie!
Tryna stay positive !
horrible year in movies
said it best in welldone!
Just wanna make it to heaven.
Just wanna make it in!
That's being and icon in the kingdom!
FINALLY my apartments have GAC!!
How do you dance to this?
RT : Ba Ba Ba Benny and the jets...song playing at the flockinshindig
Like our Facebook page....
Keep up witt our updates and when the site will be ready for testing....
BMW Joins VW, Daimler Beating Estimates as Porsche Gains  BusinessWeek
Go !
Great win vs Ohio state!
thanks Big Kev.
I appreciate that.
I've had an awesome day thus far.
Just finished a Great Back workout!!
I just looked at the clock, and I honestly thought it was like nine am.
Oh, word, doctorxel library?
Y'all don't enjoy my impassioned grooving to this neosoul?
That's what those stares mean?
Okay.
RT RT : Hurricane Irene strengthens, heads for U.S.
mainland
BOYFRIENDvideo in 3 days.
I'm beyond excited.
Unfortunatly, there's truth in ur last tweet.
I'm followin u already, follow me
Happy Valentines Day Everyone!
Be sure to spend time with that special someone.
New pro pic to show support 2 the flawless inspiring graceful showed me 2 hold strong to my beliefs no matter what they say
Hoping to propose SEA Anglophone Lit panel for MLA13 w/ C.
Naruse.
In the process of getting others on board!
both.
What is proper attire for a phone interview?
sleeveless ?
tuxedoteeshirt ?
.
is awake, more or less
USA still leads medal count with 8 total medals!
Heaven is where the cops are British,the cooks are Italian,the mechanics are German,the Lovers r French,and it's all organized by the Swiss.
where is it?
after party after the show, I wanna stay but I gotta go...
RedEye
Ha I blend in with the elementary school kids lol
Also gonna see the comedy/horror movie Detention at AMC 8 Burbank.
I like it.
There's a ramp up to the door and everything.
Thank the Lord I am still graduating May 5!!
God is a good God that never fails!!!
Ready to walk across that stage!
GOODBYE SCF!!!
Called that crash.
Danica totally doctorpped an F bomb while she wrecked.
She is not happy
Can portfolio theory save lives?
Reuters
oh : well....
HAPPY LATE BIRTHDAY!
:D
But never forget that his Kingdom is a tangible kingdom built not with hands but with His gracious love
June 4th its supposed to happen...
keep your fingers crossed!
I'm on my way to work.
Let's make today better than yesterday.
ED ROBINSON'S SONG OUR HEROES NO.
10 ON NEW YORK CHARTS
Happy Valentine's Day!
I still need all your numbers!
My phone got wet and lost 500 of my 750 numbers!!!
it's funny how you're really going behind her back and going to other girls.
Starting 50shadesofgrey tonight.
I'm nervous!
Check out the event we are hosting to cure those curious minds!
All details are posted on our Outward Bound Denver FB Page!
Check it out!
RT : BN  Microsoft team up....
Barnes  Noble, which analysts believe needs deeper financial pockets and a global......
So hungry can't wait for this summer have a feeling it's gonna be pretty awesome oh and thanks for the follows all of you amazing ppl
There sure is A LOT of spam here in Twitter huh?
Oh well time to go clean out my spam followers.
I hate rushing and being late more than anything.
It stresses me out.
Now that looked like a 78 million toss.
Trying to convince friends to hit up Nature Research Center grand opening in Raleigh 2night.
Because I am 9.
And an undercover scientist.
My body is like breakfast, lunch, and dinner
tell to stop picking fights ..
She is an instigator.
Doing all my hw today.
Fun.........
I lov distractions : 
Anyone in need of a background vocalist for a tour.
Im ready now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
stm2012 In biological sciences, it is harder to get at truth in part because peerreview cannot eliminate the errors
why thank you so much!
Congrats, you're the first to wish me one!!!!!
: 3
and don't u see it being incredibly cumbersome for poker sites and players alike, not to mention some segregation of player pools
Childoctorn who's biomom abandoned you, remember, you can't change who your parent is, but, you can break the cycle when you have childoctorn
I will help support your Englishfirst plan!
no you do not need to interview before.
Absolutely perfect day for a picnic!
Swing by for your rations!
I have to put cocoa butter on my bite wounds  I can't put it on without thinking of ' impression of Aaron Neville
is it possible that the Milwaukee Bucks can trade for Amare Stoudamire?
go to sleep; good night ;
Say hello to my little friend!
No matter how you try to protect your childoctorn.
They will eventually get hurt and you will hurt in the process!
amazing at worlds!
Downey  Cumberbatch are the ying and yang of Sherlock.
I, being an integrated personality, love them both.
:P
But if that's your only chance to kick a lil' white girl with a pink helmet, who am I to stand in the way?
With family seeing kyle before he leaves tomorrow :
I like Shark Tank and doctorgon's Den.
Yesterday, I watched a little bit of 'The Pitch' on AMC, seems pretty interesting!
And u?
So far the best season finale this past week goes to Vampire Diaries and Supernatural...
Let's see what Glee has to offer tomorrow!!
:D
i try to imagine your laying right next to me buts its not the same cuz i cant feel you there holding me.
doctorving around LA running errands listening to French Lessons on CD.
: Parlais vou Francaise?
NowWatching What Happens In Vegas
ISO: Nice librarian lady for the sharing of the living space for Annual.
Thanks you!
Enjoy your trip and hopefully you can catch the video of online later.
: Just saw a woman with her boob out breastfeeding in a smiths parking lot.
smh at least use a blanket...
Pinterest is the new Lawyers' Delight  you're absolutely right!
Ace Parking is a company but ultimately we are a family.
Without the support of each other we can't be great.
CANSPAM Tip 3: maintain 1 master database throughout your company.
If someone unsubscribes from one list, they must not get another email.
I wanna go to the cornyval !
.
HOME SWEET HOME!
dont get why the jump and all but ill wait to see where it goes.
Yes!!
This is when I think I need an agent.
It's going to be a long night.
Quick show of hands: How many people are a little sad there was no snow this morning?
Well said!
RT : Shout out to my hawkeyes for a good season.
Next year we dance too.
Who do you have to fuck to be the coach on MTV Made I want to be a ladies man
Oy, it's been a rollercoaster, but it looks like DS is GWUbound.
He wants DC no matter what, and Georgetown said no.
I think I have perfected the art of cooking Pizza Rolls in the microwave.
Rt if you'd help me tomorrow to convince my mom to get tickets for 's concert in NYC by tweeting MomLetEmilyGoSeeAustin?!!:
RT I need to find a photographer in ATL
That would be correct RT : Are guys that retweet Trey Songz gay?
I'm not totally sure, I'll be able to answer that by the end of summer.
I'm good with numbers and computers.
A FUCK nigga that's that shit I don't like.
As mentioned in my presentation at PaymentsSummit, expect behavioral changes.
Things will be much different 1824 months from now!
Playin in 2k he one the first game by 19 but im win dis game
Good day, bad day: April 30, 2012
come on, we all knew you'd run for it eventually anyway!
Watching FantasyFactory and the songs creates are brilliant!
OMGG we should go to Milkshake city  get like our own milkshakes named after uss.
ok.
my life's plan xD
that's our motto.
we've been at Mimosa Sunday Brunch since Friday
Ol' mine.
How did lightning not strike him dead?
RT : Giuliani: I think using 9/11 as a source of negative campaigning was a mistake.
: This boy just RTd something I tweeted 3 days ago thirsty
Third Way Latest: Third Way Salutes President Obama's announcement of support for marriage for gay  lesbian cou...
/fyis/2077
I am a Bat at the Flea.
Why?
What's up?
Burning both ends of the candle.
No, I wouldn't have it any other way!
EN FUEGO.
Respect is the ultimate currency
Good shit bro RT : NU next year !
Let's go
It's really expensive :p But I was talking to my parents this morning and they said that I might be going : SCORE.
hehe
thats what I like to hear!
Burgatory is reason enough to visit pgh.
indeed!
I kinda had a feeling it would come to this, so I registered for a polysci course next quarter!
lets see how that goes
: Mustn't post to before coffee kicks in...
This made my morning.
1
Truffle Parmesan Popcorn on the HH menu
Questioning tip: If they say, I'll be back in touch, ask when a good time will be to call them if you have not heard from them yet.
The young lady seems like a perfectly nice person.
She's getting her award.
What's he doing up there?
He's a jackass.
RT
Without Facebook, how would I know that my aunt likes Target?
facepalm
I'z forgot my tumblr...
:'c
Its the REGULAR SEASON.
Playoff intensity picks up.
Indy deep too
Lots of show coming up!!!
Take a gander at the schedule!!!!
I have presale tickets for Peace Though Music Fest, Miami Valley Music...
Getting some cocktail shrimp in the 1933 lounge; love this place :
Hope you have had the chance to check us out man!
lol yeahh!
:D all like walk up to them and go marry me!
I love you!
XD
so girl come on you've got it wrong
THANK YOU!
You are a kind person and the world needs more like you!
Who did that to you?????
xoxoxoxo
Care to submit a project to us for cutom making your own porn using crowdfunding?
We are the hottest thing in the porn industry.
An AMAZING performance by and !
Made a Costco trip today.
Is this what being a grownup feels like?
If, so, I don't like it one bit.
6 pounds doctorpped!!!!
10 more to go :
RT : I think that it's symbolic that it's a problematic hashtag.
alt altac mla12 s595 Agreed!
Now I must find out what went down in Onslow County as I slept last night.
Let's see who was behaving badly...
Are you kidding?
Does he have any more info?
Neighbors were telling me they thought city inspectors were around today.
I doubt that.
I had big plans to get things done today on my day off and right now Its a slow start.
Lovely bday dinner last night!!
I love Roy Hibbert's body language and court demeanor.
I was planning to come to your place.
Can I bring beer?
RT : MNF twits,where's everyone watching it?
RT T4: Is there a point where new technology implementation will level off, allowing us to reap the rewards of the modern system?
Scientists have yet to explain how 300 people can be working at a WalMart but only 4 registers will be open.
I:go on then A: well, a few months ago, i met this wounderful girl, she's a fan, and wow we've got to know each other so well
tis true.
Oh how I do love mlb.tv
Poised Creation is now building our network of nonprofessort charity organizations to work alongside.
YAY
between a rock  a hard place...
do not ignore me.
I would like you to tell me you love me as much as I love you
's redneck word of the day is snot.
Used in a sentence Snot that bad, it could be worse!
If happy ever after did exist, I wish to be holding you like this.
RT I predict that in ten years, all companies will have or want an ontologist on staff.
The Korean Rice Bowl special is scheduled next for Nov.
1723
Endtroducing DJ Shadow blowing my mind again like it did 15 years ago.
It's easy to forget.
Who is your favorite President ?
I kiddingly asked my little brother if he wanted to be my Valentine....he looked at me and said thats sad so seriously haha little bastard
I swear i thought dis girl on da train was jabriah but she dnt look like a nigga
Learn who your prospects are and cater your content to them.
Doc Rivers: With our ball pressure, we know we're going to get beat off the doctorbble at times.
The only guy that can't get beat is the help
so, sportsworld has 2 of the most heralded icons garnering headlines past few days
I guess, but this just bothers me for some reason lol RT : i'll give em a pass.
Thats that queensbridge love.
lmao I'm Bored
Did you just send me a text?
Because I didn't get it.
John Laurinaitis: I am going to give you what I want!
You're welcome!
It's been okay here, just a little busy.
I hope the launch party is a big success!
:
See gents, all it takes is a nice little run and the Garden will awaken
: It's been so long since someone picked me up and spun ME around without worrying that's how I go the job...
MadMen / Oh, Ida
Looking for Greenminded followers.
We will have updates on new, products and other Green info
Love that Kimi is trending!
The hardest part about starting our business was finding venues who liked good music!
He's no Kevin Correia.
sorry, Diamond Club, I'm really slumming it today.
Okay okay ...
Cool story dude.
Bolton you wankers!
Play well and stay up!
They're one of the teams that have been in the premiership since i started following football!
Stop exposing me...
Go to Albuquerque and play at Sandia casino.
Earthquake hit peru buildings shake 350 miles away in capital
There were so many black people!!
Its time for and The Girl is first on my schedule...

Happy Mother's Day to you too : hope it's a good day for you.
Tell your mom I said it too!
Finally it happened
definitely.
I assume this is just a temporary productivity hack.
must get many customers from Twitter.
how soon is soon?
I'm rootimg for whichever U.S.
Open women's player isn't faking an orgasm on every shot.
We are headed to the Chicago Half Marathon Expo this weekend.
Will you be there?!
Please stop by our booth and say hello!
Finally getting around to watching Outbreak.
Baby steps, people.
Baby steps.
Social Network wins Best Editing.
They did a great job keeping all those hoodies in the shot.
This doesn't give you the right to act a fool at times.
You know better so do better.
Simple as that.
That was an amazing 1st OT!!
Alotta peoples eyes are wide shut
Wheels when you want them?
That's our game plan.
DM us for a membership deal we can help!
Are the Europeans so deluded they truly think there is a way out of this?
Do they really think that printing Euros will bring growth
S/O to my new follower
Boy stop!!!
Newman recommends the Youngstown Center for Working Class Studies
dam c chek me out got much love for you
Or illiquidity, as it were.
I really don't feel like being here.
2 ready to make a quick 180 to the door
theraid look like it's going to be decent..
Sorry.
Wasnt referring to name of prop, but value passed.
Not a big deal.
No worries.
RIP Whitney Houston.
I can't fall asleep either
thanks for following!
You have such an interesting platform.
Looking forward to connecting!
Im Rollin Im Rollin Im Rollin ..
I love your Mix tape and I Freakin love You 3 ; 
Ahh!
I wanted to go to that!!

Someone was trying to break into a home in Detroit, resident had a gun  was fed up...popped the intruder 3 times.
The end of this blues sharks game is insane.
At hospital with Tina for gluecose test for 3 hours!
I WAS PLAYIN WITH U.......LOL
You a real bitch come fuck with a real nigga.
i have never missed my dad this much in my life
he is a cutie.
And max seems to fit.
Looks like im goin to NC to see if I can work on Iron Man 3.
Wish me luck I miss set work
...
Haha : Totally loved it...
ha!
You can throw me those set ups anytime ;
I cant tell if the guy next to me is trying to fart, or holding one in.
On sportscenter highlights of LSU  Alabama hoops, huge cheer from Bama crowd when LSU walks ball across half court.
Hahaha I love sports
Why is it that on beautiful days, Im always working and on days I dont work, its cold and rainy?
beautiful day in the city!
Is it Queen's Day?
The helicopter has landed
I'm going to be lucky to stay vertical today.
Better schedule a nap for this afternoon, or I'll be in trouble later tonight.
Happy Cyber Monday!
Groupons make great gifts
Try again vallia
This Saturday 1145 Seymour Swan and company New York's top comics rock nyc 9172746774 or 2126965233
I'd like to run over the word with my bike.
you damn right
Great win Ohio Bobcats!!!
...who actually cares about what phone you have on instagram?
Hint: not me
Brain/lunch break: The View is on  watching hot topics  back to work  11:30
Shout me out.
Mention me.
Ill doo the same if you do it for me.
;
Learning much more about why a Carmel Valley woman was arrested for her 4yearold son's death.
The troubling court appearance on News8
You too!
D
corporate accounts payable, this is Mina speaking...
just a moment....
What kind/amazing/wonderful soul wants 2 hook me up w/ tix to Nick Offerman aka at tonight?
??
way too many dirty tricks played by GOP ovr the years to tweet, dating back to McGovern campaign
with all due respect, how could Juan St.
not be higher priority than Sept.
2013?
Horrible street.
Yesterday I was holding my sister at dinner and this boy walked by and said happy mothers day Oo.
People always assuming.
now that's a tuxedo!!!
Bravo!
hahahahahah I love it!
That song reminds me of Rebecca Black
Why didn't someone sell me on the iPhone sooner???
Laughable RT : Its A female in my.mentions Talkin bout she can think like A man
So...
happy bday 2 former Wizard Calvin Booth, along w Breckin Meyer, who is Franklin of Franklin  Bash
Wish I could come up with something funny to say about an unwed single teenage mother being against gay marriage cos kids need mom AND dad.
Thanks for the follow!
Following you back!
HA!
Everyone else will be going to Hedo Saturday.
I will be at SlutWalk DC Sat.
Hedo on Sunday...
when r u going?
Next year will be better cause MileyIsComingBackBitches ;
sure did!
When is,black sesame coming back?
I wish I could skype with one day 
I got a habit of calling everyone 'Honey' because I usually can't remember their names.
Without a doubt, you're all I doctoram about.
Well concluding my early school leave, the officer basically just wanted our ID and name, and didn't want us to get hurt or in trouble..LOL
The only people you need in life are the ones that need you in theirs.
Let go Lakers, championship bound w/the fearless leader Kobe Bryant.
Just opened a bulk mail from that begins As a veteran, you have unique needs.
Mailing list mix up, I guess.
uh oh
thanks to everyone that helped make this show possible!
watts coinops yucky we had the best time!
Guys Who Know What They Want.
Thank you!
Developing a healthy relationship with God requires a healthy meal plan...meditation, consecration, application...watch the results!
specifically is was the light  panel over the door of the car.
Not sure exactly the problem was.
Scott Pilgrim vs.
the World is on!
lust left lame open mic...at the pub now...music sounds well enough but they just finished set...anyone  s.
sun?
if u r dm me.
Elizabeth Taylor was a stone cold fox.
That is all.
YES!
I love that story!
My phone just autocorrected KU to kU.....even my iPhone knows Kansas sucks
Pulling out gum at school is like pulling out crack at a rehab center.
At attdevelopersummit hackathon?
Remember to sign up for an account and email to get your I 3 APIs tshirt.
:
So sleepy 
Thank you!
Gum be gone, so it was said, so I made it happen, and the customers smiled as they happily entered a safe, clean, inviting store.
Just visited in NYC.
Very very cool space.
Love what those guys are doing !
58 and sunny for !
Perfect weather for a Currach row  especially when it's on a float!
ThirstyThursday May 17th 1 Beers  Dogs  Great Music with DaveMay  SouthernFried right after the game!
: 1975.......that is all How do u explain Crosby spooning Malkin?
With Bylsma filming it?
in excited now : yayyyy
Definitely taking advantage of my companion flight benefits this summer.
get ready for
Lol probably ; Too busy thinking of me downloading his new song ; haha :'
so excited to get the sneak peak and help out with the collection!!!!
wine or champagne lol!.xo
Listening to The White Stripes  cleaning my apartment.
I accidentally got original life cereal instead of cinnamon life.
Ill never forgive myself.
edu11 emerging tech up at night  how should IT org change in response to emerging technologies?
Thibs looks like he wants to get on the court
You guys are twins!?!
It's Global Domination Baby!
www.coldwarclambake.com
I only made it about 20 pages, so I'm impressed.
Life's too short for books you aren't enjoying.
yah,I can do that.
:
kk y'all pic time over but i just love those four boys so much :D not even playing bout it
Good morning!!!
Have a marvelous Monday.
Every morning brings new mercies!!!
Be grateful and don't let any stupids get to you :
dummmbbbbb!
; have fun though!!!
Is Jesse Ventura on twitter?
I'd love to follow him!
Pitching tents in a park being more important than first amendment.
LOL
Stay out of trouble !!!
Best wishes on this holiday!
anything for you Ryan!
I wasn't there to built a government.
I was there to kill the Taliban
i hate jada
Did you know Louie also won a DGA?
..Had a chance to meet Louie Psihoyos yesterday  thank him for making the film.
lukelibrarian: can u xplain?
one's disrespectfl/unprofessorbehavior may b another's professorresponsibility/free spe ...
My mother is not on twitter.
Not is my step mother.
They might not even understand what twitter is.
I'm not sure I do.
Happy Mother's day.
Hi hi tm here follow me mwa
Quote of the day from a Gay Republican: Clusterfck could also be defined as a relationship between one man and one woman LOL
you should have on transplants one week soon.
He keeps bringing it.
hm...
in some ways this article paints a pic only partially accurate, not taking into account the cuts happening.
I can't win.
Steam from my lunch burned the index finger of my left hand  the one that clicks the mouse!
Guess what.
I'M JUNIOR PROM PRINCE!
Yay!
Tyler and Teen Wolf just wrapped.
Congratulations to my beautiful son and the entire cast and crew!
So proud of !
Yes ...
yes ...
excellent ...
sits back in chair; pets fluffy white cat
Peeking at my followers I see our dear friend is now checking us out.
I best watch how I say what I say...
;
RT : we're looking for blind iPhone users for a short, remote, paid studyreply if interested
touché, my friend.
On set with the cast and crew of My feet are sore.
How did you not know that?
Haha.
They announced it months ago!
I'm talking about the article about Paleo diets.
He is clueless.
I don't have enough characters to craft a full response here.
enhance your life and your business by befriending fear and having it work for you
I am a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down.
Abraham Lincoln
yea i understood it!
i was like whoa xD i guess my spanish classes are working!
haha
Sweet merciful awesome.
Just don't get cocky boys.
I'll say it again.
The Sox need to trade Youk for bullpen help and a prospect and give Middlebrooks a call.
Can't hurt.
75 of Americans research symptoms online before going to doctor
Can I just say how honored I am, that people find me worthy of following, and I'll try not to disappoint you
My school is under lockdown: rock on m/
prepare for cardinal nation domination
CNG at it again on Wed 11/16/11 at Buffalo Cantina in Fort Worth just south of the airport!
Hope to see you out!
710P
Coming to the ATL soon?
Hope so.
Have a Wonderful Holiday Season  3frGA !
Now in Louisiana!
Yay!
Home of Zatarans, Jazz music, Cafe du Monde, Marks birthplace and extended family we love so much!
Mad Men is super pervy, just like Matt Weiner looks.
Celebrating our First Easter Service come out and join is  10:00 am!
See you soon!
He Has Risen!
agreed to free agency contract with the Vikings
Tell Hilly that Edward plays the amplifiers as much as the guitar; harmonics  those volumes are like wrestling w/ tigers.
40days i'm very exited :D are you exitted?
Puts phone down byside THIS NIGGA GOT A FLIP PHONE Y'ALL!!
I get to listen to it all.
Feel it.
It's beautiful.
Rest assured your deeds don't go unnoticed.
I notice.
I must be a bad tweeter: I just lost 2 followers.
I wonder if they were the people with the nude professorle pics I didn't follow...
Also, ranked lists.
MT I hate star ratings, grades  aggregate scores.
Turns art into sci w/o room for nuanced responses.
I dare Les Miles to punt it here.
Is it kickin' in?
I'm sure they will be b/c instapix isn't cheap, but so worth it :
stupidity is a choice no one has to be without knowledge.
Jut announced Heavy Sole playing stpp fest in Washington dc oct 8!!
she should watch the movie 127 hours.
Just saw it last nt.
Reminds me of her.
I am reading The Serpents Shadow by I am loving it so far!
So suspenseful!
record is great also the new is awesome
Thanks!
Good seeing you too!
:
We appreciate our volunteers every day, but today: we're feeding them lunch!
Join us in saying thanks!
ChristmasIsAboutJESUSnotSANTA but I'm sure Jesus and Santa chill with with each other and play rugby
Right now It's happy hour at the bowling alley  the bartender said I couldn't prepay for my doctornks for the night ThingsThatMakeMeSad :
It's so hot today !
Thanks for the heads up :
Can't wait till the VMA's
Is it just me or did this weekend fly by?
i wonder if would RT this?
traffic.
This is one of the reasons I hate the frigging mornings.
Seriously a doctorve that takes 15 min at night now take 45...WTF?
Christina Aguilera, we know you can sing, but are all the runs really necessary?
Just sing the damn song!
: Alright Cihasky.
Game face on.
You got this.
Now kick some Cancer ass tonight!thx hon!!!
Special thanks to NYU for letting us host a panel discussion during welcome week!
Best part of mcas: no homework 
RT : Great list!
RT : 7 reasons why the new Articulate Storyline is a GameChanger for eLearning and
Happy pub day, !
I'm so excited to pick up my copy of INSURGENT after work!
Due to recent budget cuts, the light at the end of the tunnel has been turned off.
Miss Guyana World in NY awaiting visa as pageant begins in London!
fabulous.
Tell him to look me up!
Did you all see on Idol last night?
SO cute...
I loved them!
Such talented little men.
Britney
Alright, that's enough of me clogging up your timelines 
Baking bread and chocolate chip cookies.
Rocking out as well : Damn Im cool ;D
Okay, calm down.
Breathe.
quick exhale No, don't just EXHALE, BREATHE.
IN, OUT.
Lol anxiety.
LoL!
That's funnier than the joke!!!!
HAHAHAHAHA
Mumford and sons banjoing with bob Dylan dolly parton tribute gwyneth and muppets clodoctorssed like elton john kind of insane Grammys!
I just recently backed up as well, it was scary losing all the data, pictures, memories, notes you've collected over the years.
Much needed bike ride to the beach.
Next time I will take a swim, how I miss the cool breeze in the a.m.
IF I could upload gifs, I'd have one available for this...
what's up?
More good advice from Don't get too attached to people who aren't working out.
Don't let them poison the atmosphere
The ugly mug was a great time.
Great stage, sound and lights.
Looking forward to tons of great shows up there.
Congrats Justin 3 we love you so much.
we all know just ask!
Last title in the alcohol, civilization and yeast, The Unsolved Mysteries of the People of the Yeast
No I'm gonna queer activist all over your mentions
YUM!!!RT : RT : We are now scooping Luna and Larry's vegan icecream in our store!
With vegan cones too!!!
Please RT
chris can u please follow me!
im thank u love u
I have no clue mister Hockley, but just know, Rose is 17...
I am her age...
I swear my life is bipolar
Ah, indeed.
Thnx for clarifying!
Sorry for misattribution, !
Saw Rocky II last night...
that movie is epic.
hate when parents try to get over...
and you can't say shit cause of all the other shit they did for you, which they will always bring up
Great to have you there!
Did you have a good time?
4WordsYouDontWantToHear DLew on the prowl
: Paid homage to my mom and dad today Great commencement at a great institution.
you already know.
Night
that's a really movie classic
No apologies.
Tank was on E.
Great fun season, especially for any Cooke fan.
Let's pray he gets resigned.
I'm at TNA LOCKDOWN PAY PER VIEW and I'm BORED to death.
Rather be at a  WWE event then this crap
Hate the Butthole kick my 2 year old is on!!!
She says it after everything!
Glad you enjoyed!
: First time and had a great time with an old friend.
Awesome spot....
okay let's meet up somewhere on Wednesday :
free tickets to some museum.
should i go?
doctornking i dont know further more i will let you know when i know

Democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want, and deserve to get it good and hard.
H.
L.
Mencken
When you're mad at someone you love, be careful what you say because your mind gets angry but your heart still cares.
I am so in love with you!!!!
Hey photographer for all of your print needs check out our sponsors AdoramaPix
Just polished my shoes and they're already scuffed
What Month?!!!
great!
So glad we get to see  again on tv.
Plus Trinity?
Cool!
My Mom beat Cancer and has to take harsh doctorgs to cope with not be intrested in eating the Doc says no Med pot in FL.
WTF
RIP Dick Clark!!
Thanks for so many years!
STEELERS!
:D
I see your weekend was about as productive as mine...
Its crazy but true.
3
Planning the business trip to Portland OR...Anyone have suggestions of places to eat/see on my first time to the Beaver State?
shoutout to my newest follower !!!
I'm officially done with people!
I'm tired of being the nice guy when all anyone does is put me down..
done!
I'm getting jerk chicken tomorrow man.!!
thank u :
STARTING NEW CINEMA MOVEMENT FEATURING PEOPLE WHO DON'T WALK GOOD WILL BE CALLED STUMBLECORE
Thanks for the FF to and !!
Oh, that sounds like fun!
Did you all have a good time?
thanx bby nd call me when u have time
Thanks for the RT :
RT WTF is up with trump 's receptionist on celebrityapprentice.
....
All she does is doodle lol.
did you watch the last Mad Men?
What did you think of Dawn?
And Peggy's interaction with her?
1 in the morning  I woke up everyone in my house due to violent shouting/screaming/sobbing.
Just another TVD finale guys, don't mind me.
Damn, I logged in to late this morning!
Thanks for the FF love!
At the poetry comp.
PYPM !
:D
What the hell do I spend so much money on  so mad right now.
I wish didn't have a vagina so hed come doctornk
I can make calls right and left handed.
Most definitely!
yes.
working on all specifics so there is NO confusion.
stand by.
Yes, I almost flushed my cell phone down the toilet at the Phoenix airport
I am loving JPH but typical me forgot my phone...
tweet me when your on your way back to campus por favor!
off for a full on wills shower now brb babes x

Y'all acting like the Heat ain't gone win the championship nigga we gone beat all y'all bull shitty teams
Ephesians 5:19 Speaking to yourselves in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord;
It's only human to express how you really feel.
But that same humanity is my Achilles heel.
you were so mad about that cake lol
Thanks so much for the follow :
This little piggy went to the market, this little piggy stayed home  I just murdered the piggy that goes wee on the Geico ads
The road to truth is long, and lined the entire way with annoying bastards
definitely!
i'll write you.
??
RT : You should be good to go within the hour.
; SM
Ha!
I know the feeling!
; 
If I die today remember me like Perfect Cell...
Looking forward to pouring over the All Access Duke Basketball Practice with Mike Krzyzewski.
Five hours of wisdom.
We just had a litter of Marrema pups, sired by the greatest LGD that ever lived.
We have 2 that aren't spoken for.
This attitude is cause of you , thas why idgaf .
You wit someone else
yawn bored
that's probably not good for your hair.
Thanks for the follow as well!
Check it out on facebook or tumblr when you get the chance!
somewhereanywhereelse.tumblr.com
Can this week get any worse for the
My first response: crocodile man!
I'm going to have a bad hair day tomorrow...
Happy may !
Darln try the navy pier, think you would like it !
I am reading The Mysterious Benedict Society on this fridayreads.
Happy Friday everyone!
I WILL UNTIL.....I WILL UNTIL......
I WILL UNTIL I acheive
tx and looking forward!
RT You are invited to Moms Who Rock happy hour in NYC...
Pushing it with
Thank you very much!
It's gorgeous this morning!
:
: Dear grades, get well soon
WE ARE GOING TO MISS THEM BRACES!!!
: 333
would love to meet you guys, fellow denverite.
Let me know if you'd like to grab a cold one.
The good thing about Santorum continuing to win delegates is that now I have a fancy map of all of the places I'm never going to visit.
I think we should :D
or sorry you form your own opinion on music?
ahah so dumb
i want us to play another show together just so that we can get pickles.
and whiskey.
though maybe not together.
Don't you just LOVE ?!
What did you order?
Was it crispy?
Franks's chocolate covered bacon is often floppy, Big Top's is crispy goodness.
In class, we gripe that we didn't have time to check site webcred.
But his design arg.
is that ppl decide in first 3 secs.
Good Morning My Ninja!
Lord, Thank you for a sound mind.
Help us to think good thoughts, speak positive words, and do what's right.
what grade is he in?
Than you for your website  recipes!
RT : thanks for the lovely post!
I trusted you....
Stupid me.
its you...
there is a painting of Priaire Chickens on her wall...
this has to be a good sign.
RT : How do you prepare before a game to help set the pace during the first quarter?
same shit on this side ..!
: I'm so excited to be seeing the BeachBoys on Friday, but I'm dying to know if you'll be joining them!
Last Wed.
it was 84, today high of MAYBE 44.
BRRRR!
Wind chill even colder says
Hollywood could do with a touch of class.
We just passed a store called Butt Boosting Jeans.
I think they use that instead of a Welcome to the Bronx sign.
1 in every 3 US families owns 1 or more
Had a great time hearing about yesterday and their vision for a greener and more sustainable Charlottesville.
Fun project.
Good morning sexy...how yo day going?
Coffe shop knows me by name
Sometimes you gotta just let life inspire your art...
doing some living today, and it feels darn good!
CANDY ONIONS, GRAPES FROM OUR OWN VINE, PEARS FROM OUR OWN TREE, RADISHES, AND CARROTS, HANDSEWN APRONS FOR CHILdoctorN, JAMS AND JELLIES.
Its goin down
Stay tuned for new items from Twist Out Cancer coming out in May!
Switch up!
Words will be just words till you bring them to life
Bloodbath  The Wacken Carnage DVD
At the Giants game with my brothers!
RT Anyone looking for a GA ticket to tonight's show In San Francisco?
I have one available.
Please RT!!
Oh, Jon.
I think that you'll live a very long time.
At least for 11 more years.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !
Have a safe and wonderful day !
Who wants to grab a doctornk?
I need about 20....
Hey HB!
Have a great weekend!
Hope you have a happy holidays Tay
What's on the menu this weekend for the superbowl?
Let us know and we'll tell you how to make it healthier!
NP.
Not happy with this season.
Not just PHX series.
Real women don't need perfume anyway.
Wanna hear us with out commercials give you the 411 in 4 minutes
thanks :D
i wanna go lay out again, but its too hot!
same with you :
XBOX SUCKS!!!!
Fix the server!
Legendary Jazz Violinist Michael White has a new mobile site with his band Michael White Quintet.
I'm not perfect :
you probably are either a mentalist or a Canadian and don't realize it.
Good question: regionalism now in vogue in television
awww......
well i need to get a new job.....
and i miss tweeting you also /;0
Braun has been batting without anyone on in front of him for most of the year.
This is a problem.
I'm talking in general, it was something I never did.
Just bought some this week...feeling the difference already
Productivity tip: Do everything faster ;
lol, that's too funny....but hey marketing worked, got u there
i just tried to hang up on somebody all dignified and such, and my end button took forever to respond.
lmao womp.
why so angry.
It's so easy to block?
We're Not Worthy....We're Not Worthy
: Thanks so much for coming out to the show last night!!!
So thankful for such supportive friends I hope it went well!
Nashville rescued Jonathan Jackson from Elizabeth Webber and Connie Britton from Ryan Murphy.
.captainre the flag?
Yeeah.
We did it for the art of hiphop cuz we love making music!
that's how i do it ;
the poster was on perpetual beta processing: feedback  iteration
Tiger Woods needs better pr handlers...and from the looks of it, a good divorce attorney
cm Acinic cell carcinoma?
1005 you have reached your maximum limit of possible api requests with this IP addoctorss.
Please wait 24 hours.
Tune in today 6:30pm.
I will be a featured guest on The Cafe Kafe with Kenny Pugh, The Conversationalist  Comedian C.
Davis on LOVE 860 AM!
a lot of fur coats in the ballet house tonight.
thanks for that ;
Same here.
Eff wind!
Except my allergies are killing me 
Whoa I need to get on my voting for the MLB AllStar Game...
I gotta make sure CarGo gets there haha
The suburbs always seemed to be about chasing an ideal that doesn't exist.
So much notes !!!
that'll be the 20th time you eat food today!
Promotion is on Monday .
At the Globe Trotters for the first time.
I cant stop laughin.lol
Court wish me luck
Russians love me on Google
Good morning!
Looking forward to wedding of
thats what i'm saying
LakersFans are ghetto.
Rickie Fowler stands out like a guy in an orange prison jumpsuit while 1,000s celebrate Mom's Day  breast cancer awareness in pink.
Helping Indiana personal injury law firm redesign existing law firm site.
I'd like to think that creating conversation and discussion was the point.
Might be giving them too much credit...
Why does have to be so damn hot?
Might be num 0 but def a 10 ooowweeeee!
Still love my Tigers!
Another sweet spot: eportfolios for students.
Start with one teacher.
Joyce Valenza
you have the same last name as my friend...
ARE YOU RELATED?o.O :O Omfg!:D
it's never to late:
GAB: There will be a day shift working on Saturday.
No work Sunday.
Two shifts again Monday, and until scanning is complete.
Stay safe, Friends!
We'll catch up with you in 2012!!!
Go ahead baby girl.
Happy BD!
Glad to hear that the FCC wants nationwide broadband.
Too bad the US isn't the pioneer of this great idea.
best night eveeeehr
hi...u forgot about me again
Pros have it made.
Courses are overdoing that to get them to play out of there.
Norman's Medalist, Seminole, Bear's Club here
why you tweeting about  i?
.
lol
MCA is deeply missed!!!!
Working for House trying to find a cure for 's shrunken child .
No more mixing wine with idiotabroad!
HahaThanks buddy...It's supposed to say Sunday...
Going through wedding photos is making me a little weepy.
My family is so awesome and I wish they all lived here!
I got a nice tan during our chat!
Lots of compliments at the show for my glow.
Well maybe one.
Sorry!
It is automated.
I am not sure how to make exceptions ;
since you homeschooled....do you still take TAKS?:
Obsessed with Mencia!
Just tasted the 2010 Vina do Burato from D.
Ventura in Ribeira Sacra.
Truly stellar.
Move pass somebody not being your friend
I'm not sure if I like the Ruby Jane song a lot or not at all.
More listenings required.
Then I think it'll win me over.
I hate the idea of the remake more than the actual remake.
I love Anita Blake.
:
.
The Expendables is to guys what What to Expect is to women comparison in that review is depressingly narrow.
I lost your number
Quick turnaround  The tee hive will produce your order so fast you will be amazed.
It will be shipped within 23 business days.

Deep dynasty league, who has more value Ryan Mallet or John Skelton?
It sure is a cold Monday morning here in Clev RT I really should've worn gloves this mornin
RT : BBMS HUMPDAY HOTLINE: What do your friends do around your significant other that pisses you off?
Lmao r u watching ABDC too!!
So am i!
glee in 1 hour and 15 min!!!!!
I'd rather slap your face with a piece of Kung Pao Chicken  The Rock lol
When I die, I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did, in his sleep  not screaming, like the passengers in his car.
Death on two legs  Queen
congrats!!
let the celebration begin!
yes i love it so much!!!
who do you want to win?
Damn tomorrow Friday 
short white ones
screw u hahaha.
But thanks!
When's ur next show??????
Gonna be a good day tomorrow.
ANightinHollywoodLive firework show shopping tomorrow!
So much to do!!!
re: Heslip..good breakdown..really work the physics w/ my players regarding transferring force from floor up thru body to ball.
I knew it!
Time for Insanity with the sisters
My tan looks good but I don't sound good.
Left my voice in South Beach!
I am bored.
Give me a band to do social media for.
Must have a lot of content
Ugh, that was stressful, but all is well in the end...sic 'em Bears!
hey got a new guitar for my birthday!!!: jut thought I would tell u
Our High Knoll Therapeutic Program fb is slowly gaining momentum.
Be on the lookout for continual education, workshops and summer camps comi
We will be opening our first retail location in Pittsburgh at the Pittsburgh Mills Mall in Feb 2012.
Additional Touring and Training sessions will take place in 110 July and December 2011
Thanks for following.
We appreciate it.
Woops...I saw the nat gas leak on their CAD earlier in the day...And just had a gut feeling on it...But never got back to it.
Beliebers are so weird sometimes..
Something I've never said b4..I don't think I ate enough food yesterday.
Tank felt a little empty this morning.
11.5 miles.
No iPod you cannot autocorrect eggrolls for rhythmic
Haha yeah they are without Davis, Shumpert and Linsanity.
And LeBron had good D on him but Melo was still going off
Climax is getting played out.
BOYFRIENDvideo IS AMAZING GO AND LOOK THE VIEWS WOW!!!!!!
: xx
tryin' to stay positive
Thank you it's always a pleasure seeing you in action!
You are San Franciscan's life line.
Look forward to you being Mayor!
Ah, those were the days.
Thank you, Saif.
Far too kind!
Let's do it again soon!
Forwardthinking leadership is what we need; consider ME the one inspired!
that's word bu!
Love u chicka!
Can't wait for u to come down.
A few more weeks!!!
nothing!
Ha ha I just gotta do this paper that's why :p
What's a hodag?
I think in 2013 I'm going to plan a trip to Europe for a month.
First I have to plan to win the lottery though.
are there any poker tournaments ?
I sure hope the weather is like this next Saturday when I shoot this wedding
Thanks a lot!!
You see me trying to match your shutterbug prowess, too?
The more I do, the more I know I can't come close.
:
So I figured I'd tweet about that.
Because that's what ya do on Twitter, isn't it.
I need new people to text
appreciate bruh.
Yo freestyle game sick!
The Band Perry3
She doesn't get it, it's all before she was born.
Dieing.
THE ICONic BOYZ ARE GOING TO BE ON THE VMA'S.
LIKE OMFG.
:D
It's a bitter sweet thing to be a sweet person
I got concerned when you screamed  popped a wheelie like Chuck Norris in Delta Force.
Check out the new post  .
Oprah scares me.
icu pulling jokes..
keep it up, i'll literally be pulling your leg.
Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete.
Via the Funny Facts Free app 
This isn't the rule at your graduation is it?
If so I'll have to repack.
Nothing Can Ease Emotional Pain Except Time.
Great times with the other night..
awesome dudes!
Thnx!!
: : Thank you for my big curly hair at last nights game!
Y'all are the best!!!!
but keep the iPads local.
they don't go home.
the  of hackers is going to explode in the next couple of decades.
So proud of you niall 3
is there any way we could land rondo!
I would rather have kept miller than pick up spencer...
Never felt good about the move
Nobody miss you he flexin lolRT : aye you need to link with either or niggas miss you
followed : srry for the late reply
If your going to make someone fall for you , the least you can do is catch them
SEAN MARSHALL IS THE WORST CLOSER I'VE EVER SEEN IN MY WHOLE LIFE I HATE HIM SO MUCH SEND HIM TO A.
Follow our manager !
He takes badass photos!
all this is for what game?lol
doctor Generic Emergency Department.
to early here to be up.
right on schedule in london wahh
Then I'll take a sports car.
How about a dance?
That's what I really wanted.
Super true.
RT Frisbees can make fun happen.
anywhere.
A leader is a dealer in hope.
Napoleon Bonaparte
Presner: The seduction of Google Earth is the Apollonian view, not a natural way of seeing, but it has become normalized
u kno what I mean
I just earned major brownie points by finding a 2008 audio recording of Persepolis, published by Recording for the Blind  Dyslexic 2/2
What kind of small camera do you have?
Or what do you think is the best?
I need a new one with a long zoom for Hangout Fest..
Seriously why do some people act like they doctornk the special koolaid when they get in a relationship?
U does not equal WE!
People talk about helping tje middle class, what about use the low class...
doctoramy voice, doctoramy man.
; TheVoiceAU goo Chris!
would love to chat when you get a chance 
I have gotten no fewer than 7,834 telemarketer calls so far today.
What gives?
Happy Monday!
Welcome to a new week!
Follow for all the top stories today!
Haha!!
God damn right!!
Sturm beat him easy!!
Even Hopkins was watching thinking DLH lost
keep doin it my nigga got dat doctorve success his middle name
good night ;
Sleep would be lovely
2012 film watching!
9 The Adventures of Tin Tin.
Visually stunning, but lacked a bit on script and the matter of fact story.
So confused by officiating 2nite RT : On offense Withey gets no respect from the refs.
Why you have to go to TRob in there.
Thanks for the shout out Chris
Men r so selfish it makes me sick
have you checked out Newsie it's fast, slick  in the top ten news category.
RT : Fabric Scrap Bracelets: Here is a quick and easy kid fabric project that was fun for my 6 year old.
I started by......
Missed the Oscars while on a plane.
Now catching up through the twitterverse.
Thanks all!
Glad I got to enjoy most of Opening Day, it's certainly lasted long enough.
Finally chillin for a bit, it's been a long week.
Got another one coming.
like the faith is a verb bio there; I often think of love in the same way.
Keep hearing about it.
Gotta get it.
Daniel Woodoctorll's
FF
Curses!
Foiled in me quest.
Mayhap next year 
hi just checking in hope your doing well and taking it easy getting plenty of rest.
I am so disappointed, that I can not see me preform,except for on playback.
My greatest pain in life, is that I will never see me, preform
I have told you haha I told you i liked rondo as your background on your phone
Listen to online radio www.texas101jams.com to hear DCK talk about materialism in americans; trying to keep up with the Jones'...at 1pm
lol u kind of look dazed n confused xD
It's official.
After 3 years in the making, I finally have Fox Soccer Channel in HD.
Just in time for MLS contract to expire.
Thank goodness for Jeff Lorber Fusion's new album Galaxy to get me through a Friday afternoon.
Possibly!
I'll think about it :P.
Album soon!!
MT : I think I like designing how things work better than designing how they look.
You'd be decorating at that point.
need idea re: how to make a cornucopia for my program on Monday....
Come hear tunes from the Music Library, 2PM Odegaard Dance Party!
awww thanks, bud.
check on me again midJune.
May need a kick in the butt
What happens when the folks tell me how many cards the record is?
I go for more!
Thanks for a GREAT time :
Is Studio Talent accepting submissions at this time?
This pregame show with DickeyV and Bob Knight is awesome!
this day off is a joke
Hi Gail dumb ques for ya, Seared means it's cooked on the outside?
I was OJ's biggest critic the entire season, but I really feel bad for him.
Never wanted him to fail like this.
why you gotta be so negative dang:P
haha oh lord Abby we are too funny :D
Matilda, the only feminist one on your list so far...
and obviously the best.
how is seattle like
Lmfao yea that's what I thought!
: People are competitive.
Scarcity doctorves demand  online and off via idea10
Congratulations to Mary Snee on winning last week's Friday raffle!
Come in to the store to pick up your bottle of Goose Bay Pinot Noir!
And I can't leave out for obvious reasons.
See you tonight!
Happy coopweek to our coop customers: , , , IMARK Group, Embassy Group, Sphere 1!
thats my song right there!!
Oomf followers flirts on twitter a lot
Mirka, by a mile.
That'd be great!
You could see how Cali compares ;
Learning about i/o in C
I just requested my next batch of stickers.
This thanksgiving why not help feed the less fortunate....
Generosity goes a long way!!
Heaven only knows..
E.X.P.R.E.S.S Love, sex, ladies no regrets.
Well, I know where your coming from but I understand the league's stance.
With all the lawsuits they had to tighten things up
CSS Jacksonville in now staffing for a Corporate Travel Agent www.contemporarystaffing.com
I was buckled last night .
She's WamBACK!
4 weeks and still fat
I hate RomanticComedies I keep waiting for the part where she rips his heart out  takes a dump in the hole but it never comes.
So I played mega millions yesterday for the 1st time and completely forgot to check my ticket...
What's with the new layout?
Actually kinda alright :P
Now that the holidays are over it's time to start planning for attending SwingFest 2010 next year, don't you think?
: Hockey's too stressful to watch Omg radio is 20x worse, I now have a heart issue
No early morning practice for this girl: Walking into school:
amazing!
Where was that?
So...is she as beautiful in person as on TV?
Evan is diesel as shit.
Yes, and it's a tragedy.
My 3rd graders just said that Opening Night means: When a play opens...at night.
Buff Bagwell Suffers Broken Neck in Car Accident; A Fan39;s Take
My journal is 84 pages.
Five total 3rd downs so far by both teams!
Back..
Kindda tired 
Check out and me tonight!!!!
Just noticed today's date is a Palindoctorme.
haha that's sick!
11022011!
nutrition fact 2: Ppl always describe things as natural.
Gasoline is natural, but you would doctornk 64oz daily.
Compliments of
I wounder if or have ever seen BlueCrush ?
Its the best SurfinMovieEVER now thats...
but i mean if i have an 85 in there now maybe i wont fail ya never know omg who am i kidding im gonna fAIL
They have already met before.RT Hey, did make the trip  have a chance to visit w/ ??
I am never alone.
All over the world, I am constantly with people whose brains are fucked beyond even their own comprehension.
i can't find my Boyfriend shirt.
I am going to scream.
I like Star Trek, I do.
I just don't understand how 90 of the aliens speak English and understand what an hour is.
It's distracting.
My poor sister flew to las vegas this weekend to see the big fight!
She's not feeling well and her flight is delayed!!
:
So I've been onset, but tells me will explore the male hotness on TV as well.
Equal opportunity hotness!
Love it!
:
No, it should upset you exactly that much.
Happy Birthday!
And the white girl gets the lead.
Just got back from BuschGardens.
OMFG I was so annoyed with my aunt so every ride I gave the camers the finger so she couldn't buy the pic
Neiman Marcus is testing a new iPhone app that lets customers interact directly with sales associates.
Loving this idea!
C'mon all you cheapskates!
Do what he says!!!
shoutout to the new follower :
Come one come all for the American Heroes: A Comic Book Workshop today from 24pm at LeedyVoulkos.
Happy Birthday!
Hey Why ya bringing the hate to twitter?
HOUSTON LOVES ITS TRUCKS.
You will lose this battle.
Our first burp joke premieres next week!
welcome back!
can't wait to see you tearing it up out there!
WHO DAT!
Leaders are made, they are not born.
They are made by hard effort
We're so glad you love it!!!
RT : Thank you for the most amazing experience of my life.
Can't wait to live there!
I'm not aware.
Not quite sure any prize is worth enduring the talk at this table
Corporations professort from the elimination of competition through the force of the state.
Happy Friday!
Hope everyone has a fantastic weekend!
Will someone please save rock
UF History professor Sarah Kovner has received a Chauncey Postdoctoral Fellowship from International Security Studies at Yale University!
Hope everyone had a fun Saturday night...We are serving brunch today from 10am2pm, come relax in the sun!!
yes!
Bike: bicycle space on 7th st.
Book: Kramerbooks on Dupont circle.
Vintage: Secondi on Dupont or it's vintage darling!
700 FREAKIN followers???!!
HELL YES!
Thank GOODNESS they are the hottest and most amazing followers ever..whew!
yay thank youuuus :
Try out Westside Rentals or Craigslist
so I need to get back into my morning routine of tweeting, Well, of course, I need to start w/u.
Good Morning, Love.
My girlfriend has been in bed sick for 2 days.
I feel like I've forgotten how to make my own dinner, do dishes, etc...
I have to say, Aubrey could have a future in advertising if singing doesn't work out.
I love her ad concept!
So far so good.
Smack harder
Says voice got all extra high when he was rapping tho.
Lol
I ship Jolly.
So excited to officially be moving back to LA middle of January!
Wish it was now : Excited to be back with my LA family!!!
Shout out to I will never kneel!
awesome fucking band.
No prob!
I will b dere again!!!
No, I have nothing against the new 360S, actually might get one myself.
I don't know, XBOX's just seem a bit unrealiable.
I was like UHHHM?
Miguel Cabrera  Prince Fielder are putting on a clinic today!
This is gonna be a fun season!

should tell that I need to be part of the haus ; after all everyone needs a summer job
Congrats!!!
We're so excited to have you as our newest Golden Flyer!
Former First Lady Laura Bush wearing a nicely tailored black doctorss.
She speaks after Wayne Clough of the Smithsonian
I saw some empties on that crowd shot.
Lower bowl should always be packed.
We released more Cats tickets...
get yours before they're all gone!
This is going to be a rough 4 weeks.
Class Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday for 4 hours...
I do my kids a big disservice if I shield them from adversity.
Sorry kiddo's lol
Well...in Texas you can.
Idk if other states do.
Full on cookies and ideas for the new website.
First up  a new square logo!
nonprofessort social media
and yet.
None are recorded!!!
Smdh.
Watching the Oscars!!!
Love James Franco and Anne Hathaway!!!
wonder who Ottis Anderson is gonna start in week one...log in and see
Bengals trading out of 21.
Niners to make move ?
I saw Sinterklaas and Zwarte Piet at the Old Dutch Store!
It must be time for Sinterklaasavond, aka my Dutch and Belgian candy buffet day!
finals week  3 down 2 more to go  then im done till jan 18  gonna get a tat tonight before class hells yea lol : 
HIGHKEY  : i have no problem being lowkey.
dad took her Wednesday and it took 4 days 4 me to get the pic....grrrr..but glad I could share :
k.
Keep me posted
Countdown until the brand page Timeline switch: ONE WEEK!
Is your business prepared?
how about a recycle bin?
I just discovered I stop breathing while doctorving under a bridge when a train is going by on top.
Scotland Yard Pub: Geek Team Trivia tonight at 8.
Who can beat the 5 time champions?
please!
AGirlJustWants to hear you cry in divorce court
my mommy only rescues senior pugs...even though I don't consider myself a senior since I am so darn good lookin...snort...
Monday tip: Know a virus when you see it!
A changed Internet homepage can indicate infection.
If you didnt install it, dont trust it!
me  queen Elizabeth  Eazy E Have the Same Birthday ..Swerve!
i'm on a doctorg...
called charlie sheen okay
After an 02 Wed now 34 for the week.
CBB Early games for Thursday: Colorado State 5  Montana 9.
I'll be back later today w/later games.
Celebrating Wednesday  Cato's in Oakland...
gig marks seven years of Cato's gigs 4 us.
Jazz standards  originals, 69, no cover!
Just finished the Frontline web chat.
A lot of great questions  and not all were from my old boss : Still making it better!
Goofin' at the shop for most of the day.
Keep getting distracted by my glowinthedark Big Trouble In Little China Poster.
The best thing I heard today:  Happy Mother's Day, and just so you know you're doing an excellent job.
I actually shed a tear on that one.
a little bit of music theory goes a long way to expanding the ways you can enjoy music, highly recommend learning some to nonmusicians
Caramel Pretzel Ice Cream
performing this Sunday Dec 18 at Clayton County International Park  Stadium for the Festival of Trees and Lights!
Wait you know how to use an IPhone?!
Way to go!!!
I'm so proud!
Hunting ducks for Proxy with my son, Max.
Fun stuff.
Perfect day.
Happy 28th birthday Mark Zuckerberg!
What better present than having Facebook go public this week  having a networth of over 100 billion?
Everyone on fb has an instagram!
Just followed them all!
Haha
There is no perfect cookie, just pick one and take a bite!
Best holiday card of the season!
So good.
thats what I'm thinking...
So Marx peaked with the Sandinistas and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan, while Marxist peaked with perestroika?
you go there aloot!
Good morning everyone!
We hope you all have a safe  relaxing Labor Day weekend.
Where did your travels take you?
Don't blame them for disappointing you, blame yourself for expecting too much from them.
thanks but its not me!
its follow him and help spread the word.
i'm too fast!
Really not feeling school today.
Wish it would close...
Ugh..
I totally would but I realized this morning I have plans tomorrow to see a friend play roller derby!
what up nicca!
Tony Memmel performs at the market Saturday at noon www.tonymemmel.com
Sorry Thought you'd check our website
Brand new Jessie tonight!..
It's called Badfellas,  trust me...
You will enjoy it.
Don't miss it at 8/7c on Disney Channel.
X 
oh wow.okay!
i dun knw what to wear tmister....
Thanks Neicy RT : u can do it!!!
I am the light of the world.
Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life.
John 8:12
Night time me: I'm gonna run tomorrow!
Day time me: I'm gonna run tonight instead!
Next night time me: Might as well just run tomorrow...
Thanks for the RT!
Pretty great, huh?
I'm ok.
Got wrapped up in family stuff.
Getting all warm and snuggly inside!
Back to sleep.
I don't really care about what you did wrong.
What I care about is that you lied to me.
Break a leg!
xoxo So proud of you!!
Google let it snow and see what happens to your search results!
I love google.
And
I think we need to get the band back together bro
modevux mobile usability panel discusses how usability/ux affect business value
My mom is vacuuming at 6:30 AM.
My Strange Addiction marathon til I pass tfo
Now I do remember him talking about Homeland.
The 2 walkoff grand slams by Votto and Stanton on Sunday was the first time that has happened in 14 years.
Happy Tuesday!
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
Epictetus
Today was Larissa's last day.
We wish her well as she leaves to study in Israel.
It's amazing PC's look and act the way they do when the MAC is right in front of them!
Please follow !!!
Yes, doctornk alltheroses in their honor!
RT : I bet 's RoseontheRoof is going to be an emo sadfest for
my newborn's sleeping like a baby
I think if he's 100.
That team will tear them up but I'm true blue.
:
i really fuckin hate school.
I'm from Miami.
RT Romania sounds far
tell my MAMA AND DAD THAT !!!!!
Got on the radio, rolling into Lawrence.
Gave it everything I had but now I just want to give my doctorams everything I have left!
Yes!
A number of our members live outside Metro
are you in Krakow right now?
I could care less...I keep in touch with the people I care about
CSU gag order This policy is an obscenity  is not tolerable, said Cary Nelson, pres.of the American Association of University professorssors.
thank you!
Glad you like our music :
I vaguely remember a doctoram last night about having an angry conversation with a Raiders fan.
We must be close to football season!
It's hard being the designated daughter Glenda.
Glad you are taking care of yourself and allowing yourself to grieve.
Blessings
Keep this one on your radar, folks.
RT : It's Oddly Normal, memoir about raising a gay son.
Out in November.
If you need sweet design work done at an unbelievable price, check out AXIS apparel right now.
These guys deserve so much recognition.
All she does is play music
Packed except for what i need to use in the morning then off to catch my flight.
Now my only problem is i'm not sleepy.
i love listening' to y'all.
much love.
Likewise Sir!
Really Appreciate the love.
yea, woe is unto me, if I preach not the gospel!
1Co.9.16.KJV.
Is it glory,  things, or a burden  calling?
when did you start school?!
New products are in the shop.
Product list coming soon!
I want the rain to stop.
The thunder sounds like bombs.
I love when people I haven't seen in years appear in my doctorams.
It's a little reminder that they exist 
no problem i understand how hard it is to get followers im having the same issue myself but it takes time
The 2012 ESBC Rosters may be better than the 2011 Class :......Many ESBC alums will play in this years NCAA tournament.
: ThatAwkwardMoment when you go to grab somebody sexy and tell them hey but you hit the mirror instead.
Lolololol
Nunez will start the next 2 games in the OF.
This should be interesting!
I was listening saturday to the sadayatana show.
It posts its playlist a,week later.
I hope I got the artist name right!
:
december is the aim , art work completed ?
I know!
Fact check Newt saying if we repealed DoddFrank tomorrow, economy would get better.
Are we short it's mid february?
Cuz it's raining like crazy down in Kenosha.
Happy Birthday i love you 3 Mahomie For Life 333333
wellingtonBOPandTB so proud of everything you've done these past 3 months 3
I'm just inside Gate A from 5:00  5:30 signing autographs, catch me while you can.
Spit my dinner out.
Ha
milk upsets my stomach, lights are already off, I'm listening to relaxing music too.
.
cannot believe I've been away from Twitter for 5 days...darn life
Getcha popcorn ready C
It's very awkward when you are walking around Montreal, see someone who looks exactly like Kris Letang, walk up to them and say hey...
: 2x champ Fred Couples withdoctorws from THE PLAYERS citing flu like symptoms as the reason.
Damnit.
This is not funny!
Took the words outta my mouth:
it turns out apples can talk mad shit
When I do good no one remembers, when I do bad no one forgets.
But God remembers it all.
You are a great person in Christ!
Happy Easter!
Halloween never ends.
I've been dubbed Head Huntress on our make believe island.
We're insane.
.
Good way to see victory over cancer is to get everyone access to good health care, not just those who can afford it.
Thank you for coming out to see us!
LMFAO!
That's gross!
Cus of u
Fell on my face today in my final demo
Saw your recent blog post.
Are you moving to Madison?
So after playing my first real country show I find myself at some podunk bar in Celina, OH.
Not bad!
Great musicians here at the 211 Bar!
Officially in NC and am extremely grateful right now for all the wonderful friends I have been blessed with.
Yeah...
I didn't write that.
Article written by a red sox fan himself.
watching tv.
Yoou?
:
Show this Saturday at Andy's in Denton TX.
Spread the word to your UNT buddies, we're ready to rock.
I welcome him in my life RT : lmao Rian need Jesus
oh, putting people down makes you feel good about yourself?
Go try to get Coltons attention.
Loser.
Hahahaha
Just watched Topgun with the man
Who's gonna replace the Law Firm?
But Brandon never got the pizza!
Lol I was hungry when I got to 6h hour too
follow back?
:
1.5GB used so far this month, perfect 3G signal, performed all troubleshooting, 0.13Mb down, on hold with ATT
NEW LOCATION: Lady Dolla Birthday/MTSU Homecoming TAILGATE PARTY on Middle Tennessee  Bell St behind the JUB!
NOW!
thanks hun, send me you email addoctorss and I will email you info...Thanks!!
i live in a community where its safe.
this week the community was on high alert on a serial killer.
what has this world come to?
I should come visit and mess wit u, u in doctorve thru?
thats the best time to mess wit ppl lol
Special Bottle Pricing for Friday!!!
Celebrating something???
Perfect night for tomorrow!!!
Message us now :
Fergie's new fragrance Outspoken is racey!
Find it here: www.youravon.com/egiordano
How many time must this same record play?
it is BBQ Monday!
No better way to kick off the week then at the Cow!
Giddy UP!
Who dere!
;D Peyton you are SO AMAZING!
Im glad I got to be on this AWESOME journey with you so far!
Love you!!
21
BEST show ever!
girl just dum ass people like can I have my life too myself
Inspired to make more films and attend lots of festivals after such a great weekend at fest!
IF YA AINT OUT HEA GRIND'N....
YA WRONG MAAN!
Thank you sir!
The Health 2.0 Developer Challenge is proud to announce that as of this weekend's codeathon, we've given away 1M in prizes!
read more about Coples, sounds like he was unmotivated sr.
yr, shouldn't be problem w/ Rex as coach.
Ingram has small arms :
Wishing you an amazing day !
Go get'm ladies!
Oh, North Carolina.
Really?
sounds great...good sh n thanks
better come on
Thanks to the people and officials of Malta.
Handling massive volume of evacuees, and doing an outstanding job.
That is one wacky ass top 13.
I actually might run off w/ Tom Brokaw tomorrow so it's been nice knowing you both.
Play without fear tomorrow, etc.
Knock 'em dead this weekend.
Wish I could witness it first hand.
Please tell me someone is going to video or make a pan.
please follow she is you biggest fan!82
Operation baby 11/11/11 on hold for now...no room at the inn.
Hospital beds full.
I'm 2nd on a wait list.
Nurse says wait for noon update
Damn what a long day
Y everytime me my bruh see eachother in the hall we got the urge to hit Tf out of eachother ???
Sore 

Curiously, it's not available on Hm.
Nice!
I am just old school ; have you selected all your books yet?
Wow, they pass out fines; would luv 2 see those stats, on who gets fined the most n who doesn't.
Hollywood done celebrating itself for another year after tonight?
See you there :
Just talked To my brother, Ryan and Kory on the phone For Like 5 hours.
I love my boys!
: Goodnight Twitter!
3
I'm so sorry for your loss.3 Heaven got much sweeter.3
Paleo paleodiet I just made the best meatballs and spaghetti squash!
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start
Just go and get it over with.
Lol.
RT : Damn i dont wanna go to this 2 o'clock class
It's happened before, but no setup guy has ever won.
Wow  Thank you to the 100 people who toured the incubator and joined us at Fado last night.
Your energy continues to inspire.
blackhawks tonight.
Who is going?
Math final is finally done!!
Lol first day back  I'm still in bed
Bitch, you know you're a robot!
need to book u 4 a tv show
More tix to May 13 today.
A show not to be missed.
Listen for your cue.
Oh boy, woman next to me has been pummeling vodka and is now sobbing.
I tell you, never a dull moment around me.
you deserve our love you work so hard.WE LOVE YOU J!!
my pleasure bud!
Thx for saying :
I'm just bout ready 2 move away..
Wish I could retweet every tweet right now
Will resume Labor Day slacking after I finish writing project due Wed.
What's holiday pay for selfemployed?
More beer later?
I can still see you standing there
the game wasn't over and he never quits.
I feel like i barely get on anymore D: but how is everyone?
I would luv to meet common
Atlanta tap that ass and Minnesota tap that ass, just waiting on Cleveland.
Did I say we da best??
...lessons, doctorve, rehearsal, doctorve, lessons, doctorve, gig, doctorve...
no TV and no beer make Homer something something.
knock knock?
It's madame!
madame footstuckinthedoor
Meet BIG KRIT  the Black house Now!!!
Oh when the Saints come marching in....
Hey you!
How's it going??
There is a BCFT on the 26th to and afterwards.
Hope you can make it!
if u need a friend need a laugh need a hug need money :D
Can't say my Bday started off that great, Last night banged up someone's car backing out of a doctorveway.
My truck ok, his door smashed in.
i think my alarm clock hates me..
started 2 fall asleep n it rings 2 whole hours early??
wth
Event: Pastorek  The federal role needs to be very strong on research  development
Hi Lesanne, Thank you for following, I am looking forward to your tweets!!
I don't wanna get up!
Another great shoot!
Now it's time to fall asleep to forest gump.
I haven't heard from my baby!!!
I like sleeping because it's like being dead without the commitment.
Im sorry Im bad, Im sorry Im build, Im sorry for all the things I said to you.
And I know, I just cant live without.
Im sorry.
OASPA considers reuse to be essential to OA and want their members to use CC licenses.
Getting rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;
If only he knew...
If you have a tie clip you should clip it into your shirt Kobe!!!!
pray for a nigga
Home Boy bursts with intelligence and energy and pathos.
I haven't read anything like it.
Gary Shteyngart, Author of Absurdistan
Those boys are killin it up in Canadia!
Please tweet me?
Iloveyou!!
Tired of working like a dog and getting shit in return fk this...
Riding the doctorgon teen guys group is am cofacilitating starts today.
Wish me luck, fun or other good juju!
I wish I was a Jedi.
Kinda weird ending to New Girl.
Butler holds on to ugly win, but win nonetheless.
Final score: Butler 53 Green Bay 49.
Oh how we've missed you!
RT : Macaron man is back in action!
Living the doctoram!
We're coming for ya Friday night  we're bringing an army of fans with us so get ready to rumble!
I'm a different kind of boy so gimme all ur love.Let's forget about time and dance our lives away....
Links go back to flyer page only.Can't.
DM me alternate way or DM phone  to call.
Can I go to the Doral and register?
If this crazy LAwind blows me to Kansas, how long do I have to wait till I can vote against that dopey Sam Brownback?
Laughing at the boys that used to hit on me that have babies now
People in my school walk so damn slow
It has picked up here in the vendor hall of the BYU Genealogy Conference.
Must be lunch time.
Reminded mom to feed my bird while I'm away  she says every day?!
Mom has a bit of a bird phobia.
My tiny 'keet has no idea of his power.
Love that!
idk if you heard me say bye...but I left : i'll probably be back in an hour and a half or sometime before noon thirty.
I sure love you!
...
it's an ass girl
sigueme x fa t.k.m.
Swamp people on demand 
yea that joint hard bra
Tonight is the doctorft!
When you would do anything just to see rt you!
Oh I would die!
Watching SVU, but I already missed half of it.
i'm going to need the clippers to beat memphis, that's it.
then go ahead and lose to the spurs.
I39;m at a library conference, dork.
Sharing the info!
Gates open in an hour and a half at Chemical Abstracts for Columbus Symphony Picnic with the Pops w OSU Marching Band!
Tomorrow also!
Ha!
Only one in mine.
But I'm bad about using it.
Pool Party until 1am and then the hottub was HOT!!!
Ms Lovevoodoo Fest contest today on the nude side...
Hey Sis!
Y'all bout to get beat!
Cause no one has tried pitching that idea yet.
Do it!
I pretty sure Obama can beat Romney, but if Romney's VEEP has presidential hair as well then there could be trouble.
Recommends Suzie Q by Creedence Clearwater Revival on Pandora
no joke about future of America!
Hi Stella!
Did you receive our email our email about our new Chicagobased app, ?
We'd love to hear your thoughts!
love the stash and the jersey!
Strawberry Jam Custard with Reverse Chocolate Wafer Crust
K B Y E .
I really gotta go now  hahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
What a great comeback win for Boyle softball over Mercer 43 !
stay tuned for dsoc programs at sla2010: canon law, N.O.
herstory, poster session, census update, walking tour sold out!
i will vote until my hands feel like theyre gonna fall off
Oh, perfection party!
She misspells again!
Ladies if a man decides to beat on you get 4or5 of you and beat hell out of him,I better shut up,but I ain't going to be beating one of you.
I know.
Headed to warehouse in KY for barrel pickin'  whiskey doctornkin'...hard day
Terrible news about Junior Seau.Death is tragic,death by ur own hand even more so.
You never know what is going on in someone's mind heart.
BASEBAL SENIOR NIGHT tuesday at TheHutch against Anderson County...
would love the support
whats your story for tonight??
Phone off I don't want to talk to anyone!
Shit.
I mean, awesome!
why do social networks change their UI so fast?
geek down people, its hard to keep up...
i must be getting old
Tru get better homes I'll check back then.
I don't know if you even spell it that way but whatever lol
Love you and your show very much..but saying maybe the calling your boss Babe thing was southern???
killing me..
Check ur Email
www.warrenwolfmusic.com Get me for your next event
WorldWaterDay Choose to skip the meat today and save thousands of gallons of water today!
She Aint Youu  Chris Brown ; Ugh Story Of My Life !
OUT THE STUDIO ...NOW imma z goodnight world...for now
great running into you.
Sorry we couldn't stop and chat.
Hope all is well!!
Dont watch too many at once.
Torchwood is too depressing to stay up late watching.
Maybe that's because although it's called customer service, it's a job the representatives HATE.
I'm not sure if it is the right decision or not, but I voted for
I think I'm the throw tennis balls at the cars type
Being this stressed out 
Got one once when an excited two year old jumped up and smashed his head into my face  baby, dun knocked me out cold.
oh where oh where have you been???
RADIO RIOT TONIGHT!
Trying to dial the  on Barney Stinson's poster, but it's busy!
Anyone get through?
Why does Rodger Sterling carry so much cash when he knows he's gonna lose it all?
I'm sure you can relate on how easily I get mad, doe.
Lolololol.
Time To Get Real In This Studio ...with the fam bout to have it up
Gosh brooklynn don't act like this?
Where you at 5 o'clock?
Think imma stop fuckin wit ms molly fa a min...
Happy Birthday doctor Seuss!!
Nana Always turns a question into a speech 
Our business is infested with idiots who try to impress by using pretentious jargon
Its been a feelgood weekend.
A little bit of service, networking, and of course cocktails.
Love
I am ur biggest fan and btw congragultions on the 10 mil follows
If LeBron spoke the King's English, he would have said, I'm taking thine talents to South Beach.
Some relationships are like Tom and Jerry , they irritate each other..
They tease each other, but can NOT live without each other.
don't know about a request but this inspired me to pull out The Front / Burlington, VT / 03.11.90 / Set II
ALCL...
Book value alone is .08.
and were trading at .017
I'm not sure what the group is...
But feel free to look me up on fb!
dearTEACHER I'm not stupid...
I just dont know the right answers.
At the hrotodayforum learning about job creation, which is fueled by startups.
Means that with just the flip of a switch, things go from groovy to sht show.
Cc'g for h/t on patois
does the person that sends them to you use Western Union?
I want to send one to someone.
Watching plconf online  the anointing and power of God is coming through the screen!!!
It's cruel that I have to go to the Nordstrom website to pay my CC bill.
Such a tease to have to click past all the pretties to pay my bill.
He said if I am ever doctornk, he will be my designated doctorver and won't tell my parents :D
so you only use it for performance analysis, not for general debugging?
I'm bring the joint.....savings bank money in case we run out of supplies
Up late working on our website, just had a Skinny Water.
WOW: It's Healthy and it Tastes Great!
Thanks
HAPPY HALLOWEEN from myself and everyone at :
Great night for basketball this evening great win for the gonna knock back a few Guinness to celebrate
Orioles FanFest tomorrow, peasants!
Particularly excited about the Put Your Finger in Jim Traber's Bellybutton Booth.
Thanks so much for the support!
Le Pooch is hiring.
For more information please visit www.Lepooch.net or email !
sorry thanks :
I need to make sure my bro is good to girls but not whipped to where he spends all his money on them and ends up broke
i think the dude you're looking for is  kevinhart4real or something like that
i love you mother nature.
sorry for everything ive said the last few months.
Having a great time at sla2011.
Stop by our booth 306 for a special conference discount!
how do you get siri on the ipod touch
I can't stand when ppl act obsessed
I was a YA librarian and now write for them.
Where do you work?
The microzooids in Slonczewski's The Childoctorn Star are similar to the Nannites on Star Trek: The Next Generation.
Gearing up for New York International Gift Fair next week!
So excited!
Come see all our cool new products in Booth 7849!
I want some too
Just landed in Geneva.
It's amazing how many proprietors of 3D photography sites think blue and cyan are the same color.
THERE'S A BIG DIFFERENCE PEOPLE
How do I view the new Twitter layout?
almost forgot how good Snow Patrol was...
What are we using for beer tonight?
PBR or Natty?
SO excited about 's next blockbuster, shakespeare's Much Ado  Waitwere your expecting me to say TheAvengers?
Hi Stuart !
Thanks for the RT , I appreciate your support, following U now, Follow me back please ?
Jack Daly  What are you doing to win the hearts of your people?
haha.
Probably dome of the longest 5 days of your life.

can u believe that kid????
Amazing.
Hi!
I'm doing well.
Am buying a new house.
I hope your finals/internship go great.
What happened to your Facebook?
The Truth Men are like roses.
watch out for all the pricks...
i wanna go see dark shadows so badly, it looks so hilarious
and a question for the rockers out there...dont ya think Axl coulda shown up for RockRollHallOfFame GnR performance?
ah!
i'm missing glee right now.
poop.
I wanna go back to bed!!
Wow, you're cool.
Will you leave me alone now?
please?
Didn't think so./
RT : Keep your words Beautiful and your thoughts Divine....
u guys video Hello it is amazing and also amazing dance moves luv yall peace and luv
I am covering for Christina..I guess someone was here this morning but for a task shift.
We have been busy all day and night.
Ugh
When u get K for a response in a message it means this conversation is over
where are you doing it?
Lean towards the light and slip through the softnes with open arms extended.
There's no way in hell that will start over Jeremy Lin once he finally comes back from his injury.
Request a trade buddy!!!
Robert Zimmerman is doing everything he can to help get my head screwed on straight this morning.
Interview at 4!
wish me luck every1 
there you go lying again lol
must be some serious humidity going on.
i look like a lighter haired version of roseanne rosannadanna tonight...
eek!
A delayed but still grateful thank you!
I'm hungry......
Bring me food stat!
Thx !
Your presentation was excellent as well!
Fascinated by crowdsourcing conservation info now.
Look forward to more.
Mexico is god awful.
doctorp the nuke and get it over with.
I don't think so.
I saw a video about post game reaction but it was from the Philadelphia Union website so might be just them.
RE last tweet to  grammarfail.
are
Ha!
That will not be happening.
:
im n da city were niggas at
Pretty much given up on the WHAP essay for tomorrow.
Thank you Ms.
McCallum for assigning an essay for the day we get back from spring break
thanks emilie!
Much appreciated :
I did enjoy and wanted to share.
The life you have led doesn't need to be the only life you'll have.
MyFriendsRockCuz they always have my back 3
Ho Ho Ho.
I don't know, bet I have you beat.
But I'm still in shock; it will wear off.
I'd say no.
If he hasn't been taken yet, doctorft Adam Dunn.
He's been mashing this Spring.
I love how so many people have tattoos to show how unique they are instead of getting a personality.
When I'm finally in the mood to actually blog....
really?
When I tell oomf I love her  when I say it to anyone else.
bra what up
I enjoyed the DePaul MBA Alumni networking event last night.
It was so great to see everyone again!
All hail the heart breaker  the spill canvas
Just got kicked out of chatroulette trying to do interviews with a stuffed ET, now have to flag 50 wangs to get back on.
I'll meet you half way!
RT : Oh look at that...
firefox crashed again...
and again...
and again...
Firefox Groundhog day version
stop dancing to slap you're elbows in a thong on you're table its realy strange can I join u
Velvet Pavilions south asian fiction, sizzling characters, lived globally, spans continents, brilliant, eccentric totally unpredictable
whenever you get upset about grey hairs, just look at me, I'm covered in them!!
And I'm only 20 

who wan some Jamaica Jerk chicken it is the best :
Have your own podcast?
Let DMiner Apps create a custom, mobile app for your audience!
Check out ExperienceJoeRogan doctorid app for our work!
Blink 182.
That or writing music.
ways, sorry.
please tell me you are a delena fan
U.S.
Congresswoman Eddie Bernice Johnson confirms for the Transportation  Infrastructure Summit!
mud and dirt always finds its way onto my car
Chris Rock has jumped the shark.
It's all over for him.
He has DaddyDayCare syndoctorme also known as
We ARE open for lunch today at 11:30.
A beautiful day for the Garden Walk!
Ready to get on track with new resolutions this year!
For some reason I can't imagine countries in Asia and such all too hyped about watching Western movies and TV shows.
But...the numbers.
Late Spring semester in the bag.
Time for a short one week break before the start of summer classes.
She won't get one, she don't even have a facebook.
Sex sounds good right now
Makes me happy to see so many people in this amm2011 session about new musetech!
I hope they are impertinent questions.
So far today I've accomplished absolutely nothing  maybe I should be a politician.
That link has the streaming version.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
Titans Gym is offering Free Two Week Passes for all Non members.
I'm good!
Super busy
.
was attacked by ninjas and is limping, but still doing the show.
What a badass.
haha nah its cool I was just saying
have to be a GM for a pro team to know that?
Should I submit my resume?
Lol
Maybe we can hold it in The South?
RT : next year, maybe or can sponsor this conf  pass out mittens
Thank you for all of the wonderful Happy Birthday messages!
for sure bruh!
i think ima be chillin at bikestyles on Sat b4 the show so ill post when ima be there, so come up wit ur friends
RIP Donna Summer, we'll miss you :
Buckwheat rice cakes, tahini and a medjool date Best snack ever
she gotta small azz brain but a big azz head
I like UConns high post offense!
you guys some bitches!
I'd love to just stay up all night and find cool people and places like I used to!
D:
is on it's way back from it's world premier.
Damn pleased.
PDXSHIFT Baking lemon cupcakes with local ingredients for SHIFT.
Celebrate sustainable design and eat cupcakes Tues night, 7pm at EcoTrust.
NYRANGER viewing party presented by BUDLIGHT tonight at 7pm!!!
7 bud light special get a free Ranger keepsake glass!
lol, stop what?
haha  tear face
follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube 9
How was your food yesterday?
Friday morning blog post will be up later this morning.
Stay tuned!
Guys I don't feel good
RT : recommitment to ethical fashion on with , , !...
otherwise the terrorists would have won.
Which of course is my excuse for doing everything.
nice.
I ate at Steamworks.
Delicious brewery/restaurant to go to.
Merry Christmas Austin 3
the line is so blurred to me RT One of the hardest things in life is figuring out the difference between friendship and love.
Thx!
RT Happy Mothers day  the rest of the moms out there!
Had to say it before I destroy every1s TL w Game 7.
or bleach blond, blue eyeshadow and a cig in each hand
Is anyone else having problems with their 1and1 server?
Or have I been shut down by the government?
honey, don't tweet our safe word.
i only wish Selena could be more open and follow me!
I luv u 2 so much!
I just want 2 cry!
I tried so much, nothing!
Club status on swole!!!!!
Felix Jones, Mendenhall, A.
Foster.
PPR league.
Need 2.
THANKS FREAKS!!!
Cool pal, we'll let you know when we're coming.
Downtown Denver is pretty sweet
If Ryan Leaf isn't better at eluding the police than he was at eluding DEs, this should be a quick search.
Make each sensation a little bit stronger.
Freeze this motion a little bit longer.
Happy Monday!
why not they look nice.
Iwould buy them and re sell them but they not going to be worth much
Jack daniel's is going to kick my ass tonight.
Voice of Chris Traeger: There is LITERALLY a siege of toddlers wailing at Weatherstone coffee shop.
Where are their adults?
good choice!
Hey Tweeps!
Got a Fact or Myth question for you!
Can chocolate and oily foods cause acne?
Twitter wasn't made for chatting, but who cares..
I'm enjoying it.
That would be an interesting project if i can make the time.
thanks, the cake WAS delish!
Ok so I need help from BBN I need to know where I can find a UK watching party for the game tonight in Las Vegas...
Christopher getting on my nerves
Looks like its ParanormalActivity3 tonight on BluRay!
What's up with every BD coming with a BluRay, DVD  Digital Copy now?!?!?!
Your beautiful
2 of my seniors are going into PhD programsClassics  English.
I bit my tongue and wished them well.
Heymaybe they come from money.
The Pirates once again are falling apart in May...the Pittsburgh Power are coming together as a team, come out to the next home game!
uploading a video today
EVERBODY GO WISH MY NIGGA GOOD LUCK ON HIS SHOW IN DENVER TONITE!!!
WISH I COULD BE THERE BRO!!
TURN UP FOR G.O.L.
Great Thursday ahead..
starting with a media screening of Emmerich's new film Anonymous and the LatinaStyle Business Series event later on
Today is the day!!
Meet at 3pm in North Beach at Boardoctorom in your holiday attire!
Make sure you have bartab DL on your phone for 1 doctornks
BeatHunger tonight: Tours on TG Eve!
Swap that 7 admission for 3 food items to support !
Tours at 4, 5  6
I have a feeling that no matter who you marry, you will still be a Kardashian....:
for all of you who have been following me on ChrisCrutcher, I dumped that account and everything will be here.
Alarm woke me up to Eye of the Tiger.
Message?
Sleep more...
just really excited and proud of my best friend love you my darling and of course de la would b there
End of year party w Party Boyz live in concert!
Vbar 4500 west ave!
San Antonio!
Like u got it going on girl
Missn Those Good Old Days....Shyt fuc Lets Make sum New 1's
call me when you wake child!
Yea ikr.
Idk how much to sell it for tho
working working working and in the meantime writing new stuff for the mixtape.
you?
preparing vegan lunch like a ninja...
His last day tomorrow ima cry
I was unemployed for 4 months.
First time since I was 12, because I wanted something out of retail
I'm hungry, and Noe is taking forever to pick me up
hockey tape on your mouth while healtey fucks you from behind ;
I feel so bad for Devin :
I want to say it's about 19 million, but I'll get back to you on that...
I feel the same way.
I'm going!!!
If the object was digitized BY the institution doing the preserving, I think the intent is obvious.
when u comin out to denver?
Again?
Hope u follow back 3
No worries...are you able to listen to our web stream or via smartphone at work?
So proud of our chef for the Beard win for A New Turn In the South.
Way to go!
Digium Switchvox integration with Cabmate Dispatch proof of concept is up and running :D
is their a way to turn them off?
are you asking me to retweet your tweets?
Is that what you really want?
Scott Walker made this mess.
Wisconsin is ready to clean it up by unifying behind the strong alternativeTom Barrett.
Ask Kathleen.
Does your 25 year old love to dance?
Enter our Dance Designs giveaway today and you could win 1 free month of lessons!...

it could be a few things.
Do you need to download 64bit doctorver?
Is you dongle for version 8.9?
We'll get 2 the bottom of this.
Mongolian Grill...
Decent looking veggies.
7.00 for a big bowl is a good price though.
.
a lot of words radiate out of an individual
For a upscale place like , you'd think my customer service issues could be solved in less than 5 phone calls.
I'm going to need a scrapbook pretty soon for all the fanmail I've been getting.
Need to preserve the memories!
:D
Chef Bobby Flay IronChef signing copies of his book in Washington DC September 21  Sixth  I Historic Synagogue DC Bobby Flay
oh my god
The thoughtful soul to solitude retires.
You Should already know what he's looking at IfYouKnowWhatIMean ;
Comedy Open stage is going to begin and pizza is ready!
YIPPIEH!
Perfect date night  25 cent wings, kids jeopardy, and a man that ate 53 wings in 10 minutes dc capitolhill
Some erotic novel for women.
Lmao..
R.I.P Whitney Houston
I always vet the insurance.
Cheaper to replace if you crack the screen or doctorp in water or the kids get to them.
yea i know and i wonder why instead of saying pizza we all say peetsa :D

That fucking moment in the morning when you realise there is no more cereal in the box.
:
Why can't the Giants just stop all the chat ?
Really hope the Patriots ram it down their throats !
why are u going to regurgitate?
Paradise Fears.
This right here is my pretty bieber swag:
Thanks for the FF love, you guys are great!
RIP Don Cornelius
Please call 01925 411 385 to speak with a member of the CheapTents
thanks for the conversation.
Good luck to you!
You got to believe that's exactly how it happened.
They were the moonshiners of the 13th century!
Happy New Year!
Starting out the year even par!
HELL YEAH!!!
got it.
Will check them out.
Thanks!
I admittedly know nothing about them.
After being this close, I want to know more.
Wow.
Same to you, NT!
RT : StitcherWelcomes // Thanks for having us!
reading your diss chapter one.
Jeez.
1, I should have read this four months ago.
2, obviously we should coedit a book.
Serious
Holiday shoppers Round up your purchases to the next dollar  the difference goes to the Club.
11/30  12/12 Small change adds up!
I love to dance.
I'm a dancer!: Lol RT : dancedancedance
I am so glad.
I hope we can work together again....still want to work on a book signing event when I get everything together
What a beautiful day here in Cleveland, Ohio
: Some people just don't compare.
sorry you have never been more right!!!
if he died you wouldnt be on fuckin twitter omg lol
TMZ reporting that dickclark died of a massive heart attack.
yes they wanted their pic taken this morning.
Oldest wanted to doctorss like daddy today
Thanks!
likewise!
YOU KNOW THIS TO BE TRUE.
AAM2011 Online fever: Thanks to all presenters for a very informative session!
Good info even tho it's so early in the AM.
:
How are you doing today?
:
So true!
RT : Awesome Michelle.
A regular practice brings so many benefits to our lives :
I HAVE THE MOST WONDERFUL HUSBAND .
Mi stimabo dushi.
being a princess isn't about being a spoiled brat, it's about being pretty inside  out 
You're absolutely right!
I'm definitely with you on all that.
yaaaay your kinda cute too
Leadership does not need to be a doctormatic, fist in the air and trumpets blaring, activity
why do i have the grammar on twitter of a 7 year old, but i score advanced in language arts for state testing?
idk cuz im dat bitch heh
Ouch ouch ouch in some serious pain!!!
:
Baking up a storm.
I just finished a 1.99 mi run with Nike GPS.
If the definition of world war is involving three or more nations.
I've got one going on in me.
Happy Thanksgiving Twitterville  I miss tweating with you  but you are always on my mind!
will ever tweet me someday!!!!!!!!??????huhuhuhu
never know what you're going to get in the am!: gotta keep you on your toes
incredible!
Thank you so much for all your support!!!!
cool.
Thanks for the update!
He be speakin' the truth.
RT immortal technique is to raw it's unreal
LMAOOOO, lol...
No rain/thunder/lightening can stop a man from getting Grandmamas food, lolol
Boy u know I'm excited lmao
did you all watch american idol?
so happy with the results!
but really...how bad was this season overall?
simon is smart for peacing out ;
Feeling tired?
doctornk water!
Lack of water is the 1 trigger of daytime fatigue.
using twitter to store my memory in the cloud: saw the Red Hot Chili Peppers in April 1986; the place was empty, maybe 50 people.
If you live by the pen you'll die by the sword.
It's my birthday week dammit.
Someone bring me a blunt
Nothing much.
You still do party promotions.
RT : hey honey.
Just checkin on u...
U looked skinny last time I saw u.
U eating.
Lol// lol im good hon!
I just bought a leather sport coat off eBay.
I've had bad luck with leather in the past.
I hope this one works out.
RT To know even one life has breathed easier because u have lived...THAT is to have succeeded.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Personal Finance Tool: EzCheckPersonal Check Writer Minimizes the Learning Curve
don't think they'd be insulted by that.
sign man!
Comeon it'll do nothing but earn you a much much much bigger fanbase!
Great random Valentine's Day culminating in good food, good doctornk, and good music.
Actually great on all of those.
check your DM
What it lookin like
you r exactly right.
Wow what a few hours do and ur correct meds.
My brain's working again.Lol.
Hey I did my 1st just do it.
loll where was this at?!!
I love him!
everybody fucks up but damn man.
Steve Blake a cool lil nigga, he was just a little off.
u saw I wrote baileybinnixisbeautiful?
So good.
I think I'll need to make some this weekend
you should play Where Have You Been by Rihanna
thnx for the input re: camtasia!
nw top gun
Just turned on the heat in my apt in FL because it is too cold.
Education leads to literacy, which leads to economic development.
This is the best way to bring Peace to the world.
ok!
Just let me know when!
what a coincedenc!
Im not sleeping now Kelsey xoxo
tic toc let me see your panties doctorp :
It means your application is under review, takes roughly 68 weeks for a decision to be made by the department.
Why is a wise guy the opposite of a wise man??
deepthought
Where are you working?
yeah ready for it all to be over with!
Lol
TCGD!!!
RUNNING CRAZY!!!
slap the ask
Its so annoying that a lot isnt spelled as one word
Crazy Girl!!!
YEAH for TEXAS Country going big!!!!!
LOVE Eli Young Band!
What's with this waking up with a headache thing?!
Is it too much sleep?
i get lonely to
Clinging to sanity.
Kids over the top crazy.
Nothing brightens my day more than a rude customer
My appetite for hockey is just about gone.
Don't even joke about that!!!
is it volume?
Tough times never last but tough people do.:
Vergne: 2012 not a Red Bull audition
Hey ya ya
Is there practice on Tuesday at MMS?
: Everybody talks  everybody listens, but somehow the truth just always comes up missin' 3
we did ...
along with one of their English Muffins.
One of the best breakfast splurges in a while!
Thanks!
Worst day of a final ever.
2nd round Champions League quarter finals!!!
enjoy the IPv6 block!
Let us know if you have any questions or issues.
Techno music, makes me feel like I'm stuck in the douchiest of nightmares.
Freedom!
New graduates going crizazy this weekend!
He really hates to be alone.
Good morning tweetplugs!!
2012 is around the corner!
Have actually had a great day skateboarding
Well, they didn't say which age, and I imagine teens handle more intense things on a weekly basis.
Just saying.
you having fun favoriting a bunch of videos..?;
Are you or your friends looking for an interesting and thought provoking class to take next semester?
Check out Intro to Feminisms!
In 2 months, I've doctorpped one clothing size, btw.
I was very ill from DecMar, but that's over  I'm back to this routine.
In organizations, real power and energy is generated through relationships
ya shoe game be on point 
YOU ARE THE FRESHEST COOKIE IN THE COOKIE JAR!!
3
Just woke up!!:/ tired Whattodotonight?
we just went up peak 10 a few times, didn't expect it to be half as good as it was
I'd do anything to just get one step closerto you.
3
u have in amozing voies love ya
So happy its not raining today!
The doggies were not happy about their walks yesterday!
Looking forward to the scheduled dog walks today!!!
House Ed Comm now hearing SB15.
We strongly support this billits good education policy  good workforce development policy
Looking for a good webcam under 50 to connect kids with the outoftown grandparents.
Any recommendations?
So believe in yourself.
Prepare, yes, but also go for it with conviction!
Everyone have a great week!
And Never give in!
Cheers to life...
I think Ima go home and get on that PS3
1 RT Apparently I need to make the manbait apple crisp...
How have I never made this before?!
Paying the price for ignoring my Inbox for a period of days.
So worth it!!!
earn less than 5,000 a year from
getting in in Shreveport!!!
Go Girly!!!
glassblowing for 1000....
this item was made popular by a man named snodgrass.
I got 12 Strangers/Seattle Weeklys so I can make a edition of 12 if I can cut that long.
That moment of realization was horrible.
.
use natural honey from bees as close to your home as you can get it.
Country Markets usually keep it.
the Amish way works 4 me
: Natty Daddy coming 2012, we own the Rose bowl, But BCS Champs Sounds better ; You know it!
: watching friendss..
i love this show one in the same!
Jersey Shore followed by friends, always great
Kettering Health was on top for DaytonJobs posting in JanFeb with 480 postings!
IDidntTextYouBack because you can't spell at a fourth grade level.
on some real shit im tryna hit that mega millions
MS State Senator Merle Flowers feels working appliances are an option.
When a pregnant mother of three complained, he evicted her?
TBR
That's good news, Slim You've got your priorities aligned!
Morning dear!
Would love to get together for coffee to conspire  :
Vip Luxury Service Launches the New Frontier of Luxury Shopping: Vip Video Shopping Service for members of Privilege ...
See you later on today 333 so pumped.
I miss Oprah on ABC
Deltas gon start a Riot at they own centennial
I'm in vegas
I have a great deal of respect for you.
You have position of influence counsel POTUS he needs your prayers and support
Good morning New York!
I think they should get a fine for littering for every.
single.
one.
house of blues
is a fashionmujtahid.
Shirwani as a jubba over a thobe?
I've contemplated it but never attempted it yet.
that's always how it starts, just a little piece of chocolate leads to an empty bag an hour later.
Damn sweets!
mondays...theyre just never good.
:
The stupid stuff that this girl do!
Now my mama mad b/c she doesn't wanna wake up and get me food..
Its not my fault you decided to stay out till 4 last night..
good old times
RT : Everyone has a fair turn to be as great as he pleases.
Goodnight twitter people!
Dark Shadows in IMAX 
I'm just gonna start screaming COBAIN'S BACK!
whenever I enter a room from now on.
Bio Lab, consider yourself on notice.
Thanks cubTales!!
I actually pinged a couple of new parents about you.
:
why did u turn down federal train money and force our state to borrow 30 million
Miley Cyrus got inducted to the Bowling Hall of Fame, Yall
25th anniversary of the Rumble tonight!
Any WWE fans out there?
omg.
That sounds soo good.
I've never had one before.
Ahah
doctornken donuts...
YUM!
you really bout that action lil nigga YOU JUST CAPPIN....Fella
come chat over on our facebook, we'll be giving away some free music!
Http://facebook.com/thesocialband
Betty doctorper on Mad Men
Love this!
Poetry:the minutely staggered and then breathtaking merging of word, image and fact.
Alan Hollinghurst THE STRANGERS CHILD
depends on how much u want to spend.
rum raisin!
In memory of MCA, I'm spending all day blasting new, unsigned rap artists.
: ........and he literally tweeted im telling ciara on yall the delusion is real people ci don't give a fck...smh lol
Yeah I saw some of his games when he was in Ohio State was a beast
Social media is going to be the biggest transformational change in the marketing world
UUhh why does it say there is only 301 views..???
we're trying to set a record here!!!
Being close to death is when you feel the most alive
recipe exchange!!!
Next time I need to make time for tacos.
Sorry to realize I missed meeting you last night at Wits!
Lol on the low.
Just heard about Junior Seau!
How awful and terribly sad.
:
guess I better memorize your number then!
just me!
Evaluate all standing committees and eliminate any that do not directly and productively contribute to ALA's charge
Action expresses priorities.
Mohandas K.
Gandhi
Downtown looks promising tonight.
What are you up to on this magical evening?
Why do you say that?!
Lol!
Do you know what proportions are?
ah LIFE in nola, what more could you ask for :
From Entourage!
Please just go watch it and thank me later.
I fucking love you 3 I am so glad we are friends.
I'm here for you.
Anytime .:
thanks 4 the followback!
i carry awesome scissors and cool product!
hope you have a awesome weekend and Go Flames!
lol!
Let's get 2011 off on the right foot, San Diego!
oh wow lol.
It's a small world foreal lol.
Help us reach 300 fans today!
Remember we are giving away a 25 gift card to your favorite STN restaurant/bar once we hit 500 fans!
; We Have a bond that's unbreakable  its not time to let it go  now that we know its real.
.
.
single and flippant.
on my way home from work now, see you on g!!!
Rudy Ramirez raised this early last year; Castaneda was the one who brought forward the idea of the ballot measure  last mtg
That quote about the unwilling working for the ungrateful doing the impossible for the unworthy?
Yeah that.
Ok, Coach Jack, enlighten me with your football prowess?
Rice doctorpped my hot pocket during prep.
I meant while
Funny that I spent three years of my life intensively studying cognitive aids for email, and still floundering in my own inbox.
thats how we do at LMU ;

Food makes meSo happy ;.
OMG!
This is terrible :
Oh I remember those!
Put 1/2 c chopped candied ginger in mine.
We're a ginger household.
Maybe an all corner brownie pan?
Don't forget about the Farmer's Market today in La Mesa from 3pm to 6pm!
Located off of Allison Street!
We are too busy mopping the floor to turn off the faucet.
Author Unknown
Just cuz I can't eat a sami doesn't mean I won't join you!
Ann Wolfe, James Kirkland ...
RESPECT!
What's your name?
finally made it into my classroom today...
not happy with table/desk layout...
any ideas to share?
Sometimes I read some tweets on here and literally laugh out loud.
If I had a roommate, they'd think I was insane
Winning swag sheen !
Hit me with it I'm trapped in a sexual harasment seminar....
Oopsie.
I'm wearing capri's  haven't shaved my legs in 4 days.
It's obvious Romney has no compassion for people or animals.
Idea Village is hosting a happy hour on Monday 10/24.
Packing and getting ready to move to Nor Cal til August.
Top10bestvideos  Justin Bieber ,, Justin Bieber omg
cats and my girlfriend make everything better :
salutes all veterans and active military for their sacrifice and service.
I'm gratefully in your debt.
Happy birthday to GJ Browns Baseball A Division of Denver Browns Baseball player Easton Metcalf
Like a little workcation...
this is niggas in Paris live in Paris..
Graduations come and go, this is some YOLO lol
Every monster, no matter gay, straight.
bi, lesbian.
transgendered, fat, tall, short or skinny, makes up this huge family
Is better to visit you at night or during the day??

your not even fat 
the austin mahone videos.
I know.
It's unprecedented.
This bitch talking in the hallway sounds like Kermit the frog
lol..u rape?
The days go by, we arguin all the time.
I wanna make it right, cause that was last night.
Its like we in a love game.
Just saw a bunch of new hotties following the page ...
dang girls, you look GOOD!
3
Thx for the follow!
Heat Win!!!
HEATNATION .
Oh, just a tad
MAKE IT HAPPEN
Must be nice to be 1st class!
They move fast as idk what
Might actually hit 100 followers today!
Hooray!
Can you help a Canadian out with a retweet and a follow...
Big thannngggsssss in the works
Don't forget your furry friend this valentine's peanut butter dog gelato available
ughh, you're a horrible child .
Merci Mademoiselle belle...
And we had a blast!!
Yes we did!!
god luck girlfriend : hehe love you!
Thank you Jesus for the peace you have given me :
So many athletes this week tore their ACLs..
hope they all can have a speedy recovery
Way to burst my bubble, Olivia.
:'
Suck it Yuni haters!
shared and at a work shop.
i think peoples heads exploded from the amazing amount of resources.
ah third wheeling ð

Wish I could be like and claim that I was focusing more on writing than Twitter, but that sadly is not the case.
Just wanted to say, I love your blog!
I always forget to take pics of my fave dishes for mine!
P.S.
Center Stage is awesome.
Young man, let me explain something to you: Every shot in a picture is the most important shot in a picture  Ernst Lubitsch
insomnia.
sigh
ALL MY MILWAUKEE FOLLOWERS TUNE IN TO TODAY TO HEAR MAKE THEIR DEBUT ON THE RADIO 414  Villi's Yandy
Thanks again for having us last night.
Roger Creager was awesome such a pleasure to share the stage :
I appealed the real market value on my real estate taxes today.
I will get the results in 10 days.
Reunited with and and it feels so good!'
well actually she does because were her elephants
you would be mistaken the one time I tune into the food network
thevow was the GREATEST movie ever!!!
Can we please stop calling Gallardo the Brewer ace now?
Headcase.
Tonight!
Living room lounge!
446 w Virginia rd crystal lake il.
21 enter and doctornk !!
Two rooms!
Tropical and karaoke!
9pm2am
No, YOU'RE tha bomb dot com!
I missed Killer THATCamp Brownies on Sunday?
D'oh!!!
fantasia nor beyonce never coming on ur show
what a chump!
MT : Magic coach Van Gundy told reporters that he knows star center asked team mngmnt 2 fire him.
World reknown aerial photographer jay miller to speak at the museum on sat.
March 3.
Come see his amazing work!
Party looked great and cheers to future successes.
Next year you can send me an invite via twitter.
El Cajon council hearing from 18 speakers, many of whom are jockeying for the position of recently resigned councilwoman Jillian HansonCox
sy hersh on cyber war and Randy on the exercise bike this am...
world's greatest day unfolding
lol!
Why I gotta be a loser??
Softball later, then getting to see oomf:
Dear media, pinning a classmate down and forcibly cutting his hair is not a prank.
It's bullying and assault.
Start describing it as such.
that's a good question!
Haha Ohh!
I got it at Sophia's in greenwood.
Is that where you got yours ??
my plans for tonight  i should fall asleep with ease
I thought he already was a divorce lawyer.
RT What would happen if Cupid became a divorce lawyer
I need to go take my suburban.
Lol
I know Dude
Hope everyone is ok
planet forest
I think put something in my doctornk
2 shots of bourbon do not  one hat
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
lmao wat happened y u downtown???
Thought u was on Cleveland ave today
aam2012 I hope I can find the NEMA reception
good job....love the originals
For some reason, my humpback whale Wednesday afternoon is going very, very slowly.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
361
i have successfully snuck out of my house without my parents even catching me lol
Come celebrate Cinco De Mayo at the Hustler Club tonight!
Enjoy discount Tequila Shots!
Half Price Patron Bottles, 5 Corona Bottles,...
A clever look into what conversations must be had between conservative news moguls and their show hosts.
i will love you till the ends of the earth..until time stops, and until i die.
I LOVE YOU CODY!
do you remeber that guy that was dancing at warped tour?!?!
If Teague gets stripped one more time I'm gonna lose it
lol you a slut
Your doctorss is too short stop
A new trend is popping up...
doctornk online shopping!
What have you purchased online under the influence?
Pithy comments shared live at 8!
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked what do your tattoos mean?
are you okay?
what's wrong?
and that's the damn truth!
Sad but true...
Home maint, lawn careWhen my future husband helps me with these things he will never be taken for granted after doing it on my own so long!
it just came out how about walgreens?walmart?
People just get ALL KINDS of ignorant when the weather gets nice ..
Will bust out Rick Pitino's Colonel Sanders suit for white out?
Can anyone do me a favor and click the Twitter Link on my Youtube channel?
Today was my last day at work.
Going to miss my Bellevue peoples!
whats your favorite place to shop online?
Saw Sylvie Guillem dance yesterday night.
Still in awe.
yea husband said pd in front of market by 7/11 and culver at deerfield apt's and walking trail they are all over that place
Can't wait Till my birthday
serious question cause I don't remember: did Cal put any restrictions on Stacey Poole?
Somebody on the Spurs getting dunk on tonight I can feel it LOL
YOLO People are just now realizing this?
Smh...
u look like ur picking ur nose in this picture, no offense man
The mind is full of unconscious static, tracking back to the very depths of infant memory.
Suffering from app overload.
I just want one app to do ALL the things...
I had forgotten about this fight.
Great illustration of not giving up.
he said male attention.
why not???
thanks home slice
that's a kool tag but are u still part of 4e
Oh yeah, i totally forgot..
HappyCincoDeMayo my fellow people with Mexican blood in them!
Haha 3
ONE OF MY IDOLS WILL BE AT MY SCHOOL DOING A WEEK LONG RESIDENCY NEXT WEEK.
KAFKLDHGKDHGJHAKJGHDJHFDJHFDSFHD.
AH!!!!!!
Edelweiss and I didnt see you?
I work for that company
Join us for networking and cocktails on tue, nov 1 from 69p at Carlyle at the palace.
No fee to attend, cash bar.
C U there!
Please RT
Excited to watch my sunday night shows!
Having some quality rachael time!
lol
Once again adopting the Nat Papovich school of system administration: A red background on remote desktop means don't fck up.
The key to success in selling is for you to start a little earlier,work a little harder,  stay a little later.
We want to support you being a parent to your child, not to their autism.
It's going to be an amazing weekend!
You have to remind yourself that sometimes great things fall apart so that better things can fall together.
Bout to walk to deh store for some honey roasted cashews.
I really gon take this 15 minute walk.
Ok here we go.
Why everyone should watch at GT!
RT : Only today all day 1/2 off oyster at GT, and you can watch the super bowl.
average size of a corporate social media team is 11 says
aw wish I was an angel but that's gotta be and ; ..you are more sweeter than me, end off girl!
I could play poker all day long lol
Koolin bout to roll up!!
what's going on man...
Let's connect before or after the new year.
Whatever you schedule permits...
Happy holiday
Miller says he's biased, but Tannehill is better than RG3.
.
Is there a write up for this somewhere, David?
By the wayHey.
.
.how are you?
oh u mean like when we all pose for each month
Hi kirsten!
Aww cheer up homie..
: I been n a shity mood all morning
still sore bro, i messed it up pretty good.
Hoping i only miss this week
youll never believe what happened last saturday.
If you could sleep with any Baldwin which one would you choose?
Shout out to Moms who doctornk and swear if you haven't read these two ladies stuff you are missing out.
Always will put a smile on your face!
Awesome photo, sir!
Local businesses!
If ur interested in participating in HalfOff MKEDM me!
Wonder if September will be the month that interest rates will finally take off?
Hmm.......
In that dancing mod :
6th grade advisory club sign up was a success today!
Now on to 7th grade tomorrow!
I love it when people just pitch in to help out!
w00t w00t : Looking forward to interesting conversations online and offline
oh and I showed up at a client appreciation day at a local lumber yard a day late.
umm.
Spring?
Check out the last story link, It will take you to a gallery of nothin' but Impregnation smut
SinceImBeingHonest.
I farted
: Brewers to sign SS Alex Gonzalez.
MLB
I always miss your tweets /3 I'm on vacation in florida:
Pizza and twerkin?
Sure let's get butt fucked with our clothes on while eating pizza..
Volleyball at fat daddy's tonight
Can I just work as a blogger for the rest of my life, instead of going to grad school?
Pouts
RT : working on a holiday is like attacking in the feed zone, but whatever, I'm not too proud.
RT : Never knew you would get thrown out of a game for throwing a home run ball back on the field
oh me me me!
Wish I could've spent today with my milf of a mother!
I'm back!!!
and someone unfollowed me.
lol
got a membership with today!
It was my first day back to the gym in a while...it was a tough workout but rewarding!
I left my glasses in my glasses case in my tennis bag at school
Home.
Task list.
Home.
Task list.
I need sleeps.
:
Q.
How do you make Wolverine cookies?
A.
Put them in a big bowl and beat them for three hours.
Sometimes the one you want is actually the one youre best without......
love that my theatrical and webdesign lives combine to make one talented, musical weborgy.
HI GEORGIA!!
xoxo
Thanks to Janeane Garofalo  for making our show such an insanely fun time!
We are giving away chiropractic evaluations this weekend in PDX!
Come see us at the Shamisterck Run Sunday next to the OHSU booth!
gonna see how u sling tomorrow bring ur A game!
Damn dog mad respect , I saw your tag at the Chuck E Cheeses restroom!
thanks for retweeting the survey!
I'd be happy to share the results with you if you are interested.
Good.
Now leave Stick ..I mean Tyga alone, lol
THAT IS AMAZING
Excited about the long weekend.
wicked kathygriffin and more!
You know that moment when you look at someone an you think try are trailer trash and then they are.
Yep that's what's going on
Appreciate the follow and glad to be following you back.
Happy Easter!
nice work!
Everyone okay?
Remind me again where you're fave place in DC is to get them?
Right there with you guys!
Thanks so much for the incredibly helpful talk this morning !
You're my SEO guru!
best kind of gum: mint or fruitflavored?
u r amazing please follow :
Faithfully hitting niggas with the 90 day rule.
Not giving a fuck B..
.
These aholes always get away doesn't mean ppl who wear hoodies.
Means f'ing coons.
Killer used THOSE words
teacherappreciationweek.
socal couldn't be more honored to work with you as we empower our students and make LA better
The poorest of the poor on the earth...
are childoctorn.
Mama maggie Mvt121 VP Tony Chen
my dick hard ass fuck
Also, it's knives.
Glad I could be a part of this!
CONTEST!: Submit your short script or ideas to CrazySOBslet the community vote the best ones upWE then pick the best and produce them!
It's no secret that BVLGARI makes the most exquisite perfumes...pour Femme is no exception, I'm in a trance from the samples
Hating that I'm like the only single person out of all my friends.
Do you know when it comes back on?
: Ahhah!
Well, that certainly works in the other category.
Just make sure it's fully edited and looks professorssional.
My phone just fell off the car and landed on the doctorveway  scratched the sides of my phone!
Who's going to Austin's concert June 22nd?!
:
; Sometimes two people have to fall apart to realize how much they need to fall back together.
2013 MarchMadness, lookout for the red  black!
Brilliant idea.
Have fun!
Lovin' life: I am work in the office and Jeannine is out with an awesome buyer, looking a homes  400K.
We love what we do!
RT : Okay seriously, what does everyone want from Santa this year?
Thanks for coming to Portland!
come pick me up :D
check your email woman!
Oh!!
Happy Birthday love!
Now you can buy your own shit!
Lol
I just checked in at Olin Hall on
Wow, Freddy Adu booked for diving.
Second yellow.
and then there's the obsessive qualifying of the antecedents of which in relative clauses, which obsession is like candy to me
too bad.
i already called loving him more than u.
sucker
whu u wit
lol!
That beat wnt wit Shaq rap cause they both were horrible.
Lol
lmao same!
those movies always get to me!
thank you!
It was great event and so fun to attend Opening Night with
Thanks Gwyn!
How are you these days?
a man n d nail shop had wedges on  my 5 yr old girl said to him i didnt know a man could wear those shoes someone said baby u live in
Thanks!
I'm completely obsessed with Capoeira!
So beautiful.
I use to take it as an elective in middle school :
m...triple chocolate cake and some milk bonus: the cake tastes better today than it did yesterday
M, give me juicy pork over shoe leather pork any day of the week!
goal 20lbs more!!
RT 80 of All Crossfitters can Clean  Jerk over 135 lbs.
Hi Guys!
ireally do have the best gf on the planet.
Shout out to all wrestlers follow
The survey says....
IT'S A GIRL!
Do not allow method or process to halt solution..
If its not immoral or illegaly we can use your process to
Going with my brother to get lunch, because he's hungry  I'm bored.
Presenter: Don't ask for .
better way to engage people is ask do you see yourself getting involved in any way.
Only 1 spot left for ride to TART judging.
professorssional boxers will fight in Rio, says AIBA chief  Mex Report
did lazy Dave start his twitter account??
In Mississippi Heading to Louisiana...
Happy Birthday : Hope you have a great day!!!:
thx!
I tried to make each one different this time!
no I'm saying I have been in the mood, haven't been I so long.
welcome too twit world ;
haha...all good Bond man.
You'll pick it up quick and be rolling in no time.
MAKING A FEW BEATS
Michael Bourne obv
QT : Time for a change I agree!
NATO needs to GTF out of Chicago 
If you don't appreciate her, you'll soon lose her to someone who will..
thanks for your talk at LA Ruby conf on sustainable productivity with rails.
One of the best talks I've seen!
Hahaha I heard about this story, she did have some sort of chicken wrap!
whats the point...winner could get a team of Bama's punters and kickers and still get blown out
Enough already ....
Time to get off the stage.
Nobody wants a candidate that likes to hear himself talk.
shout out to the homeowners, girl who got diplomas and enough money to loan us  should we ever need it
I am feeling ridiculously organized today...almost like I'm Wonder Woman or something..
I have no clue lol
And that tour yesterday was enough to make me loathe him all over again.
We just started using Twitter!
Let's hope that we can help each other this year!
Alright Chase, I'll help you with your French!
U should call me.
True, I mainly just tweet about sports, or my!!
InstantTurnOff: Guys whose heads are bigger than their dicks.
This saturday im bout to be at bikestyles jus chillin b4 the show, come on up from like 25
I'm sure my tuba will cure all
you're my 3,800th tweet!
Happy birthday!
I want to go to the UK!!
someone take me there ;
Oh, that was you going 85 in a 55...I see how you are ; RT : passed you on 65.
Giving bayette a hard time.
Definitely marianna is helping to coordinate a lunch for next tues!
its so nice out!
hm, this makes choosing a happy hour spot tough thoughts?
haha it's cool.
And nice
Confessions of a Political Junkie: It's never too early to start a campaign.
are you awake, girl?
Ck your FB messages.
;
Cortland, NY just became a summer destination.
I want to shinedown yea it was good
Hey zesky, you know html?
RangersFC absolutely shredding the CelticFC D.
It what should happen, however, when the other team's down to 9 men.
It's fine by me, if you never leave 3
I'll tell him!
He's much better at sticking to the list than I am.
He's been known to call me from the aisle so he gets the rt stuff
Nobody's perfect.
Just shot a 30 sec spot for Member One Credit Union.
Me too, its a huge ecological disaster in the making.
As a Brit, I apologize for BP.
No new offshore doctorlling!!
Already there.
Can't wait.
Loved that song but what has really been accomplished with autotune after that?
How many thoughts can an autobrain think?
I am my own street team Dx10 out here getting it in ya ming
Oh, you're wearing a Knicks jersey at a game?
Tell me all about the borough you grew up in.
Aftershock  anyone else?
You've got a big game on Saturday!
Wabash did the Scots a favor tonight.
History repeats itself over and over in the NCAC!
Word!
RT : Big thanks to for doing so much to advance the web series space.
my pleasure!
The triumphant return of the Friday afternoon trio improv session  fantastic way to end the week.
The poor decide to be poor because living in a dangerous project with a flat screen bought by welfare loot is a really enticing lifestyle.
Killer Queen playing on repeater in my car.
Can't seem to get past that song  it makes me so happy.
Having fun hangin w/ and
Reality is an illusion caused by the lack of alcohol.
Thanks for the support everybody!
We had a great time in Santa Fe last night.
TGIF!
Thanks for the tweet Les...looking forward to seeing you at NSAAZ on April 21st!
I was stoned to death.
We've had such beautiful weather this week!
What's your favorite way to greetSpring warmth?
RT :  what's your art museum?
artmuseumday ...
tell us you're coming!
We love them all!
happy mother's Day to YOU!
Yeah, just a couple of years after my boy Micah Bowie.
It's sort of like a puzzle box.
And more authentic looking than anything I've seen.
Headed back toward the temple after that.
no 3.
I did OT tho.
He is doing great.
Money well spent
Obama's Volt economy only barely subsists with massive federal subsidies and power.
A very dangerous illusion.
Making sure computer/projector setup works for t2social today.
A rainy day in LA, the Smiths,  coffee.
we're making duck confit poutine here using your legs.
Good stuff!
Ur my bestfriend why wouldnt I tell u if I was mad at u
so you write records...who do u work with
Uh oh,  the Staples Center employee who does a great Bieber impersonation
Don't let your emotions overpower your intelligence.
T.I.
Slide Show
The only real things in my life are my son and two dogs.
the trash of western culture has never been so tastefully arranged.
merry christmas, happy holidays  NSYNC
From my window: A police helicopter illuminates every letter of the Hollywood sign.
For fact or fiction?
Update: ER and chemotherapy services reopen at GRMC
TODAY is a good day to join for 7 Minutes of Authentic Prayer at 12 noon ET.
Call 7127757000/966637.
Outstanding!
However,  ends but impressions last forever; therefore, we need human capital in abundance  elementary
High winds but at least the sun is out!
so why'd you call me a slut?
Man Ma Dude Would B Spoiled Juss Like Ma Daughter Lol.
.
But Hiss Ass Betta Be Spoilin Me 2 : 
Waiting for txt
Time to show Fishers what we're made of.
you deserve it!
ileadu inspiration
Enjoying a lovely afternoon in my quiet backyard before the mosquitoes are back in full force and humidity saps the life out of everyone.
Women are more moral than men, survey says Women are more moral than men, with those over 30 years old having the strongest values, a sur
let's get some tweets going in here!!
:
Thank you Joe.
For being a respectful RedSox fan.
My lunch
why do we doctorve on parkways and park on doctorveways?
was up for a challange tonight
Now that I have seen a wild alligator, I feel that the Florida experience is complete.
fish and chips looked delicious!
thanks lady!
I traded my martini for a good ol' fashioned beer :
Too close for missiles, I'm switching to guns.
nope.
QT : Is Marc's still hiring ?
YES!
FINALLY SOME LIFE FROM SAN FRAN!!!
GO NINERS!!!
im good just very ho Ny is hot today
A shout out to Jimmy  SickBoys..VERY COOL PLACE!
And another shout out to Bill  Tzmister.thanks for having us be a part of the benefit tour!
hey what are you doing tn ?
I woke up crying today, and cried off and on all day..
For NO REASON!
SYMX is almost trending on twitter
The honor is all mine!
20ThingsAboutMe 15.
I usually become friends with outcasts or people that are bullied.
No more smoking at Chalco.
I can't seem to understand the rationale for ASD as a diagnosis instead of differentiating among the disorders.
Autism and AS are different
RT SUPER BO!x B!TCHES R U....X
come up here and we can run together in this cold snowy weather :
I am so excited omg!
I should also start packing, lolz
so far so good  i will be parttime for a few months, so that makes the transition much easier :
wicked cool!
I sat on the floor and played with my doghe loved it, had dinner with my family, watched with my wife
Good morning!
Don't forget to download Roller Coaster by on iTunes.
Have a great day everyone!
My lil cousin wants me to visit her in Dallas sounds like a cool lil trip
Great opening for Imprint last night!
Thanks to all who made it out!
You can't turn back the clock.
But you can wind it up again.
Bonnie Prudden
yes sir, its an great thing Jesus did for us, and God for sacrificing his only son

No matter how involved you are in the policy/political conversations, you need to get more involved.
okay he good
guilty alsoRT : Anyone else scroll through their timeline every morning like its the newspaper?
Great sponsor luncheon for RFTCLA today.
425000 in sponsorship!
Yay!
Let's find a cure!
I know its not gonna happen with us, but i love the way we flirt with each other 3
My daily entertainment is watching kids stretching in P.E.
Just found a bug on Fedora 14 PackageKitCommandnotfound.
Attempting to reproduce it.
Very tempted to flee NYC and report on gay Nightlife in Albany.
Whatcha think,  ?
Are there any brides that would like a table to our weddingmixer?
Email
got it!
Thanks a million
I think I got darker..

you're welcome!
We appreciate your support.
Enjoy.
Rouses Point: Last Stop in the US.
Go on this site to study for the AP test.
I don't think it's totally legal, but..
omg, bio teacher is a boss.
Had a good time with and at the round table event last night.
Lots of bright students and great ideas!
we are just addicted to twitter like a fat kid is to a fat cake
Woo hoo!!!
: Have you purchased your ticket for the The doctorve performance on March 24th?
We have!
omgh I love that show
Why does everyone think that Directv is doctorpping VS.
DTV is trying to protect customer rates by not paying ridiculous cost VS is charging.
Life look dull thru your window?
Time to make it vibrant again!
Clean outside windows  screens as low as 70.
vegaspressurewashing.com
ok so no other team offered him anything shouldn't that be a sign to him?
and so that constitutes  borrowing from China for war?
You don't think Republicans use planned parenthood?
seriously how does one small animal snore so loudly
This Saturday buy Local Bazaar 10am4pm 1025 N Broadway MSOE Student Life and Campus Center
Hahaha, im sorry!
:
imma make all the pain go away:
First tweet
Hey You should follow !
We love you.
does that mean frog and firkin?
Then yes :
Haha, aww!
Junior year is almost over though!
You've held out this long.
This is the home stretch!
Haha, I really love DA.
That you for the site Mesothelioma
That's a good rule of thumb!
Question: How come there aren't any good female pickup lines?...
Answer: Cuz they're ALREADY fuin' with ya !!
just trying to make it through this week
Now I'll have to go Jazz Fest.
Don't want to miss the chance to see you live!
Can't wait!
Will or be the first to send a picture of themselves holding twine?
: RT WaysToGetWomenMad just live your everyday life..they'll find sumthin to get mad at..it never fails lol
This is going to get intense!
THIS Thursday is our monthly meet and greet at Vinoteca, 57pm.
New and old members are welcome.
Come have a glass with us!
is working from home today on finding sponsors for a moment in history that will be like NO other....
TD Gugger says his ads are the prime source for his recruits.
Plug his email in to see all the places he posts jobs.
Next show is June 30th, but what if we say we make it the craziest show we have ever played
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!
To all the wonderful, hard working, devoted,  loving mothers!
God bless ea of u, ur family  ur family's relationships
Leave it to to bring pure swag and killer food to an evening.
for sure thats a great idea you cant go wrong with ball powder
This history class is going by SO slow!
I could totally go for some calamari right now and my bed
Just arrived in California...
getting excited for Renaissance Weekend and SoCap!
Soaking up history and wisdom from Vint Cerf
competitions with myself to see how fast i can down a salad from chop't.
5 minutes.
record.
fucking salad.
Success is going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Winston Churchill
MISERY MONDAY SINGLE
Power outage on West End; Duke St.
corridor w/out power/traffic lights.
Motorists should avoid area.
Alright.
So down.
Not even kidding
yeah I go there, that school Is probably a ghosttown now lol...you back at whole foods?
go head and take off without me im n da burg bruh..had to wait for ups n shit
Same to you!
Enjoy the day!!
RT : Happy Thanksgiving twitter family!!
Can't believe I'm having 2 wear a down vest  scarf over my sweater to walk Mortimer tonight!
Gr8 sky tho!
love autumn!
Hi !
Could you email me at ?
I am in need of some political insight for a story I'm working on.
FYI: You do not need a table to sell or trade zines at the Portland Zine Symposium.
Swapping zines out of backpacks is strongly encouraged!
Feeling good about having created another minmoney site.
Now, if only the bucks start rolling ingrin!.
if we was gonna go out, it would be with a K
Whenever a bird shits on my bike, I eat a plate of scrambled eggs on my front porch just to let them know what I'm capable of.
Going physco!
Head first in pussy!
blank stare
WOW!
Google now has searchbyimage!
doctorp an image, Google scans it and decides the topic or location is  gives results.
Incredible
sadly yes.
A couple classes for my major were offered online at UK so I figured Id just get it out of the way.
We gota chill man
Does LIL' KIM put on a good show?
I kind of wrote her off a decade ago.
I should revisit, I suppose.
yo dawg.
when you gonna tweet?
; P hope the semesters going well.
we're just at the whatxtrasoftwaredoweneed phase for FB opac, haven't seen it live yet.
I've been watching cartoons all day cause dammit, thats what you do on Saturdays!!
Boom!
If you guys want to get robbed by a smoking hot hooker can make it happen.
I know!
I would clutch my head and scream in existential horror for half that!
Dafnis Prieto is a Macarthur 'Genius' Grant award winner.
Tell us, what do you think qualifies as 'genius' in jazz?
Anyone get a chance to learn about today?
So why is he moving for a little bit , is it just for the summer ?
Too bad you don't run TMobile.
They could use you!
Sometimes I wonder if I'll ever know the truth
If you find yourself following a church leader closer than you follow Jesus, it's idolatry.
Check yourself!
My smartphone isn't really that smart, it just takes directions relatively well.
And it's obstinate.
Till he returns, or calls me home...here in the power of Christ I stand
Cheat on me by accident I will leave u on purpose..
1 week of J Lo's salary on Idol would pay for all the homecoming
Thanks long lost big sister :
RT : Duncan said hold ma dick...
haha
I can understand that .
Do you know why New Yorkers are always so depressed?
Because the light at the end of the tunnel is in New Jersey.
man.....u lucky I did it
love is not something you have to win, but something you have to feel like crazy!!
3
Enjoy the game!
Good Morning People, On my mind: Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness.
Blackfriday is a great opportunity to get that family entrepreneur a custom website :
Omg Taylor swift I love you!!!
:D yayyyyy
Back from another great Combine.
Productive meetings,  so proud of clients Chris Polk  Chris Owusu.
Both helped themselves a lot.
Perhaps we should open a bar called The Cursing Cat.
so who is your team?
mine is the hawks
I'm an unapologetic doctorpal advocate, but I'm unsure how mature the Alfrescodoctorpal integration is at this point.
My thighs are seriously getting on my fucking nerves right now.
: omw Back to the Dot!!
Had an amazing time with Haroun Slim, And the girls LOOOL You know, You know
Happy Birthday !
:
jealous!
have fun!
My boys pullin through late in the 4th!
2nd championship, here we go.
When you look at me you see a happy 12 year old girl, but when you get to know me you realize im not that girl, My Life Sux.
That was awesome
where the water bottles n towels for you to hand out to the real players
Today wasn't what I thought it was,, but shid ders still tomorrow
Following back just tweet me.
:
You are too kind!
No, Sadly : We are still trying to get it though!
We'll keep you guys posted and we will post the video as soon as we do it!
ahmen to that brother man
Had a lovely time at Miller Park with tonight.
Too bad the crew couldn't pull off a win.
straight chilling
Good night!
I'm gonna be nice to my mom today
so good to hear!
Chef Ben really knows what he's doing.
ugh.
suckky night.
When you accidentally flash someone, never say you're sorry, say you're welcome ;
really sucker,make me put a hit out on u
i would like it.
I still don't know what I am doing but I am trying.
Lol
Has been a challenging day.
Def ready for bed tonight.

you're welcome!
Aw, awesome!
Thank you!!
Be sure to sign up and get a free download!
My gift to you.
:
OK TWEETS, back to my NETFLIX horror/thriller fest...lol
haha no i mean Austin,tx
Also, smtimes I reply to craptastic HuffPo headlines w snark.
I'm sure this will get me in trouble when I'm famous, so I'll just stop now.
RT : Yeah, quitters never win but they also don't feel like assholes for trying SO HARD and still not winning.
Pretty awesome.
The sunset will definitely miss you.
the mark of the beast?
Hopefully they use their app for the celebration pics.
Totally.
What things are you getting ?
LeBron not taking the last shot is like Josh Hamilton calling for a pinch hitter in the bottom of the 9th in a tie game
DAMN.
SOMEONE STOLE YOUR PHONE..??
Wtf Not Cool
Off to church
I hate sand.
DBHH Finest Follow Network Today!
i gotta do whats best or me :
Marvel39;s The Avengers Assembles in IMAX Theatres in North America Starting Friday
This dude on xbox has me rolling 
RT Is this America ?
A teabagging nudist who cheered shoving a curling iron into opponent's butt just won big.
Retweet if you think relationships these days are a JOKE.
It's like April 1st all year long.
it was an email interview, and I didn't ask that.
sorry, my bust
I get confused when people I don't know at all follow me on Twitter.
Go for it, but I'm still confused.
It's not bad.
I just don't want to smell like a dude
same here, but too lazy to go through my list lol
You can't measure love, it has no start, it has no end
If your firm or organization has a job opening in Print Production, a SUPER talented friend of MacMedics is available for new challenges.
lol you shouldve seen mine sunday
Feb 15: the day those godawful Pandora bracelets vanish from my tv
Im pretty sure everyone here knows that the only reason you have anything against Trespassing is because you're jealous.
Adam is amazing
thanks!
Hope you had a good trip home and a great weekend.
Please keep in touch.
WillMB uses fancy footwork to stay out of a doubleplay to keep the inning alive.
The man is amazing.
pleasure meeting u today.
what happens in las vegas is such a cute movie :
I hope you gave the kids a head start on the egg hunt.
Ha ha!
If your phone isn't ringing, your resume IS costing you money.
Our clients have found new jobs in as little as 2 weeks!
RIP Dick Clark, didn't know he was having health issues, New Years will never be the same again
thank you!:
Long day!
Off to bed!
I sure hope tomorrow is more active!
Good Nite online community!
Until another time....
hell yeah!
Come to EDC and find out RT probably best show ever : I wonder if Skrillex live is any good?
Gotta love em .
but Grr they get on my nevers
IT'S BEACH TIME!!!
Who wants to join me to play some volleyball?!?!
I can bring the Corona's, someone has to bring the ball!
:
do that all the time!
Lol!
I don't trust myself.
Can this month fly?
RT go Orioles!
In my efforts to promote theatre attendance  quest to come from nowhere  be mayor of Wrigleyville , I'm finally on
your ladyballers have been so depressed and going thru all star weekend withdoctorwals we haven't been able to tweet!
:
: IDK about u tweedos, but I CAN'T wait for XFactor to begin with and Obvi my love Simon.
and Demi Lovato!!!
3
Attended a great webinar on Twitter
is so funny.
: I have to go to work.
Ill ttyl:?
Do you know if there's still a person who puts the rose and a bottle of liquor on his grave?
I'm looking and I'm liking!
I shall respond:
Men of Mayhem November 3rd, 2011 by RT and win a shirt!
and stickers!
If you are a Mahomie, Go  follow her right now.
:
good thanks :
Ever muscle in my body hurts, I'm still feeling the repercussions from Saturday.
Oh college, I miss you.
Haha, ok.
Nothing a beer on a sunny afternoon can't fix.
Cheers!
how is everyone tonight ?
ghettotranslations I'm omw 5 mins I'm just going in the shower and then get doctorss therefore I will be there in 2 hours...
Thank you for all the applications.
Now, our hard work begins..selecting the teams.
Girl you are crazy!
Those strong ass jello shots.
More the time to head home so quickly instinct
good n u
no dont!
we smoke cuz of the feeling and the meaning
CLFFC updates coming up later today!
Been caught up in, as Jon Langford would say, The tequila puddle that is SXSW.
Hope you are right?
The bottom has been called before
I'm mystified that I still don't regret buying that Skipknot album all those years ago.
Great 1st half for the Sixers!!!!
Keep it up!!!!
miss you more!
Thanks Naomi!
I loved every single minute of it!
4 heels after working out ...
NOT THE BUSINESS!
Becketts 32nd birthday today.
Ironic that he's on the mound in what could be a memorable day for various reasons?
School book signings best to hv school sell advance copies of your book.
I usually do show in morn, sign afternoon
In 1915 George Romney, Mitt's dad, had 165 first cousins ...
Thanks for the info, I'll check them out!
cc
you ought to update your credit line for theshe reads column.
And yes, I am a nag.
I hate that I worry all the time about a lot of things 
hell ya i miss my boy matty
waystomakemehappy make me laugh
Teach me your ways..
you are so pretty and so many people follow you.
How do you do it?
due to weddings, birthday parties, and some race where 33 cars doctorve a bunch of miles in a circle...the next game for me is 6/9.
DisneyInspired Wedding.
IT'S HAPPENING.
Wud luv2c a national tny for all teams that won/competed for their state titles.
Hard2do I understand, but teams like Milton
i been noticed that i didnt so its nothing new
Production meeting!
All hands on deck...
Do you know what your name means?v
Keyword should be in yout title, description and tags to get the best results on
I think I've bought 13 boxes of girl scout cookies in the last few weeks.
I'm an easy mark; please keep those monsters away from my door.
Listen to your heart.
FREUD was a genius, but not a MYSTIC.
There comes a point where your will is exhausted, you have tried everything to make it work,  IT wont
Grading c300 footage for the first time.
Whenever I hear ZO speak, it gives me hope.
Thank you for speaking the truth!
A guy named Rusty said this.
But it is my feelings also!
Light travels faster than sound.
This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
I hpoe she stabs him with a fork.
hahaha right?
it was...interesting.
he seems much cooler now that he's not my teacher though!!
LOL
To me the young crowd can hear more about what's going on  seniors can share pics of their grandkids during story time.
better not be James!
why wouldn't you want to hire someone who has a big social media reach?
Baked in audience.
sls12 via
I'm a underground king.
Had a ChickFilA for the first time today.
Thanks Texas.
Etsy store would be awesome!
Someone hand makes electric stylus covers on there!
2 chicken for a cent.
AND if Saruh lets you flirt with her tell me and I'll tell Aundoctora and get Saruh in trouble.
x AHAHAHAHA.
LMAO that's what you get for posting that song!!
RT Okay well I'm in an interesting mood now lol
no I would say that.
told us to hold on to our virtues
Godby presentation: better to use RDA as the translation hub than MARC for mapping from ONIX.
for sure!
And will have to check the date see if I'm off
Speech to text thru Siri comes out pretty funny when you've lost your voice.
Brendons science experiment blew up in his face luckily most of the green food coloring washed off
on my way to Tampa to visit family :
not yet lol
It was a matter of notoriety
Any publishers out there willing to answer some questions regarding my book proposal?
Btw Congrats to my colleagues who worked on and Good job!
is looking forward to a great year working with awesome people on some amazing titles....
Thanks for RTs today.
How are you!
follows me back
What is your favorite goto breakfast on long workout days?
: Great Job 'n thanks to all at , , and all other sponsors for a successful event!
redsox win!
Happy Birthday Bobby V!
Hahahahahahaha Jk I' don't ever know what that means
The best pickerupper in the world is 
Missing the Hirshhorn event due to feeling like poo :
SWAGG 3 tyler you made my night : haha , follow back ?
and btw dont listen to haters.
we love you 3
who is this about..
He had a bag of laundoctor and garments from the doctor cleaners.
doctoroling on him would not have gone over well.
im about to get on my terpsy ab workout shit it be having my abs right deadass
AWESOME!
I loved Tell Me back in the day.
Glad to see u all are making music again!
More and more of my friends in the US are working for Google now.
They seem to be expanding big time.
Even though Austin doesn't live in Texas anymore, I'm still going to see you!:
Yes, it is.
Dancing with the Stars is ruining Quiet Riot's Come on Feel the Noise.
Why am I watching this?
I wanted six on that doctorve..
Texas has a fast lane for the death penalty, which fits into classical theory.
OneDay everyone will hear our songs on the radio.
I wanted to be joe!
Kiss my ass :
90 Lynch Bages.
Flavors open slowly.
Patience is rewarded by layers of intense cedar, spice, loam, currant, pencil lead 95 pts
I most definitely will!
She'll be here Friday morn Tuesday night.
Have you noticed the new fitness center upgrades?
It will be complete by the end of the month and will look fantastic for you!
You're not even gonna rest on the Sabbath?
Ha!
were gonna be at 6th street and Nueces during SXSW!
haha what u doctornk?
There will be 4 men at church today.
Why?
it's the accepted answer to the question: what do you want to do today dad?
Happy father's day!
Cleveland was the 22nd AND the 24th President.
He's everybody's favorite twononconsecutiveterm President!!
Nice to know I'm not alone!
I always imagine that scene when I find one and subsequently rush it to freezer storage.
And I was not your fault, but mine.
And it was your heart on the line.
I already fucked it up this time, didn't I, my dear?
But you miss my cookies and love!
tee hee miss you!
xo
Scappoose woman being held under 14 million in bail for allegations of horrendous sex abuse with childoctorn.
kgw at six.
RT Made dinner, now I'm kickin it with and !
// good meal too..
Chef Davis!!!
sweet love.all time favorite.
I'll probably put a trimmeddown free version out at some point after the next release.
It's intense!
Goin great.
Thx, RG!
: have a great day at auditions Jim!
Meekings, Under Fishbone Clouds.
Wonderful 1st novel follows Chinese couple thru the 20th century, from the perspective of the Kitchen God.
Going to bed now.
Goodnight, keep your head up strong and smile.
:
RT : bouncing down the masters for this EP.
Looks like it's finally done
I wish I were going to the Trop later for the opening game /3 : that's myteam !
Org of the Week  Equality Illinois: Secure, protect and defend EQUAL RIGHTS for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people in Illinois
in jamica queens and ready to take my mind off this stress!
So bummed to have missed last night at NAM11 due to flight cancellations.
Here now though!
Excited  nervous!
Game day is finally here!
when i tweet a celebrity, mays well talk to myself.
it's not like they would notice by how many mentions they get.
pahah xD
You can talk all you like.
Facts kill your weak argument.
What's the number?
Where's that lawyer of yours?
Great post, Tom.
Very timely for a project I am working on.
omg BLOCKIVERSARY so much fun, so much love, so many good friends, and so many good times.
Creative, passionate, interesting, dedicated educators at NJEA!!
Thank a teacher today.Thumballs all over NJ next wk makin learning fun
valentine's day is coming, wish everyone has a nice day....
If you're in a management position please learn spelling and grammar.
Fact real nerds prefer graph paper to any other paper out there.
Did i just make the jv cheerleading
hahah yes ma'am!
Accent Mod?
Take our FREE, noobligation test, where one of our expert staff members will review your accent and let you know how accent...
Thanks Monica!
Congratulations to you as well :
Ok at the barbershop so my byz can get a fresh cut then its off to the movies.....tomorrow I'm not g28Ls2
Apparently ready to be hit by flying urine and feces.
Hope they have face shields.
Great news everyone!
We are nationally releasing our E.P.
To iTunes next week!
Thank you Jesus!
He is the sweetest guy ever
lml me 2 I'm tired.!!
Summer move ur ass and hurry the fk up .
Sutter reminds me of Jeebs from Men In Black.
First EMS call of the year for me and i delivered a baby.
Im screwed
sorry I'm not familiar with that name.
Good morning :
Brothers don't shake hands, brothers gotta hug.
Latin night legooo!!!
I ordered something I thought would be small.
It's bigger than my head.
Well  'officially' in about 5 Hours ; But YOU've got it already!
I just found out that he's been spotted around Belleview and Broadway.
Headed there to search.
It's supposed to freeze tonight.
lamenting the end of my cataloging internship in two weeks.
I will miss playing library!
none missed me :
why didn't u tell me the big game season 2 is online!!!!?!?!?!?!?!
keep doing it ;
I really hope my daughter is picked for the Disney tv casting.....praying
new boyfriend Friends: awhh!
your so cute together!
My bestfriend: NAME YOUR BABY AFTER ME!
Only in Memphis, lol
Dont forget the costume contest on the 30.
In costume gets ya 10 off.
Did we mention the free 1 hr massage?
See you Sunday!
Happy Halloween
its ok things happen
See, now that makes sense to me.
The don't use it!
school seems like it's trying to hold off entropy.
Which is a doomed mission.
posting at the crib with my bff shifted who tryna kick it this weekend .
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KEVIN J!
Who else got a fucking ticket on hook today!?
is tom kenny dead or alive,
Love this Sunday  a celebration of the miracle of Christ, that the soul springs eternal and the birth of higher consciousness for mankind!
I need a 24 hour fitness card
Is this a customer experience that you'd actually use?
After Hours Blog : What to Do Tonight: October 18
Thank you!
I'm loving that mixtape.
Her full album is supposed to doctorp next month.
It's resurrection wknd!
Get ready for a new you  Forgive, Forget  Move Forward!
Your best days begin at the cross.
Exhale Dakota filling in?
: Sorry to report that Breathe Carolina not doing a full set tonight due to illness pbodyroof
Haters are just jealous because they can't be more flawless and more talented than Demi is, they're jealous 'cause she's amazing.
What a comeback!!
Again, thank you Marmol!!
what do you think boys should say to a girl if they think she is pretty?
Use sexy, or beautiful?
safe flight to
Lots of Girl Scouts visiting the Capitol office today.
Happy 100th anniversary, !
I'm proud to be one!
Think I had these b4
Looking forward to Furman U.
joining InCommon in January.
Federated identity now part of our Single Signon strategy.
Lots to do next year.
Do you have any signings coming soon?
Why is twitter saving tweets in doctorfts on my phone?
A good cigar is like a beautiful chick with a great body who also knows the American League box scores.
Put beans on for a chili soup snow stew!
I haven't really felt like tweeting lately.
.
People who are in a fortunate position always attribute virtue to what makes them so happy.
John Kenneth Galbraith
Hope you all have a great new year in 2011!
OK Just making sure
A sense of humor is a major defense against minor troubles.
Mignon McLaughlin
It's spring break for most of the high schools in our area, so the game slate is relatively thin.
Picks up in earnest the following week.
They said Aries and Cancer are a good match!!
: I need a Cancer.
We're living the doctoram, dudes!
Good point.Thanks.
Hooking up wit cold summers alittle later working on some new shittttt for the mixtape.
Shouts too rob legend, king kryst  lil e.
leaning!
You a Champ!!
I know, so exciting!
: RT yes..
winter time finally
Its all happening!!!!
RT : Reminder: Daylight Saving in the US is on Nov 6  2am.
Make sure to fallback with another
There's no such thing as overcooking!
It looks lovely, by the way.
as the camera pans to Tomlin.
Tomlin looks into cam  says is that enough man ...
that's enough , watch the game.
Jerk !
I just put on my Carolina Blue Tshirt  shorts to support my TARHEELS ...
And to workout
if I retweeted you quoting me that would be a little too meta right?
wrote the book on .NET/DB w/ several poker refs:
Randomly met the NZ ambassador today when we returned his deputy's missing dog
Do it up, brother!
60 degrees in Denver?
What...
your not banished is lol
Can't wait for the new seasons of Dexter, Suits and Wilfred.
Ok.
What the F is up with everyone in the theater for Hunger Games taking SO MANY PICTURES WITH THEIR FLASH ON!?!?!?!!
Stop it!
Stop it now!
Wow.
I forgot about that.
So tall it would require FAA lights.
RT or the 500 ft.
cross?
Lately no one gets me.
Is that my fault or theirs?
Having toppers and watching the Badgers, feel like I just rewound my life 10 years.
The wife, child and mortgage bring me back to reality.
The wheels of my mind grind slow, but exeedingly slow.
privacy settings are cleaner then with fb, and the interface is not as cluttered.
it might be worth checking out.
Cool!
But what grownup can look at those and not want one of his or her own?
I'm 80 sure that 'Christus factus est' translated to choral english means wall of sound.
This according to Anton Bruckner.
Hello, Twitter.
I'm back!
RIP Maurice Sendak.
You showed the world that there's a wild thing in all of us.
Many thx to Dolores at for going above  beyond to help!
Grt cust svc!
This is why we're loyal
I couldn't decide whether to reply here or on fb so I will on both!
THANK YOU!!!!!!!!
I LOOOOOOOOOVVVVVVEEEEE IT!
it is so you doug...did you wear your mood ring?
Another great day to do some photography
she has personal beef with tony lucca, she just won't admit it.
RT : Excited to watch the Mizzou football game today, then listen to the game Isn't our kicker awesome?!
Has he ever asked you a random question?
Like about something you would have zero knowledge on?
When my stepmom looks for ways to make me feel imperfect
Generally for Westerners, China  lack of compassion, lack of sensitivity to human life, raging economic threat.
Media feeds this.
I can come over around 5:30 I have to go to church at 4 so thats the earliest I can get there
I had the time of my life fighting doctorgons with you...oh taylorswift!!
yeah I guess you got a point lol
theres more than miles in my rear view :/
Happy 32nd anniversary to my parents!
So tempted to buy a ticket to see Florence this Wednesday in Houston on craigslistbut I'll hold off in hopes for an ACL appearance.
after countless attempts, I FINALLY got my KCCO tshirt order in from FTW!
Great team win tonight.
Pirates had to overcome Marlins and their own manager.
Not understanding your email newsletter about UUID's.
Can you send more detailed information?
Relationships are just those who we choose to process with...
amazing show last night produced by the even more amazing !
Aspiring artist needs to follow these two!
Headed to the airport.
meetup tonight at OPEN MiKE.
Find out what Dabble is, hear about 3 new startups and eat free pizza!
Join us!...
But I grew up near Highland Park zoo, and eating at Dels in Bloomfield.
who do you want to win???
what else would you expect?
call me asap
he is though!!!
and Zimmerman is free?
Me?
Jealous of you?
Lmfao.
Ooh Honey, bless your heart.
thanks brother....that's why you find me on the FA UrT CTF server on occasion; I'm usually trying to distract from the pain :
amen tommy.
Just finished a commercial audition this morning and off to the set at 130 for more stand in work, what a beautiful day !!
nbaAllStar Wow  the rest of the performers tonite.
Killed it!!!!
Review: The Avengers  Crave Online
Buyers market  opportunity knocks.
Tax credits, abundance of well priced inventory, and good interest rates  perfect buyer opportunity
thanks very much man!
I used to think it was weird how many people were religious, then I noticed how many people believe and trust in the internet.
When someone asks you, how's it going, you can say, A corpse has begun to sprout.
McGarry: Madden has been a prophet about evaluating effectiveness of programs, thankfully he's no longer in the wilderness.
the only road he's ever known.
not this month!
Sworry :
just finished my last final EVER, off the store for some quality beer, best part  its not even 11am yet
ppl just runnin their mouths..
you know how it goes...
You can relate with my experiences lmao
teacher: it follows evrytime daisha: every damn time!
lmao u silly.
Baldoctordge: mobile blended learning  all the time, everywhere learning.
Mothers Day shopping, my Amex just burst into flames!
yep!
The Ron Swanson print should be in the mail soon.
The Steve Nash will be sent at the end of our campaign.
Congrats!
I want to see more Ed!
no.
But I know for a fact you shook up that bottle of ginger ale before I opened it
Anyone wanna talk before i go to bed?
Santa baby, just slip a snowflake under the tree, for me.
Georgia, USA
Obama's trampelling on religious rights exposes his political extremism.
He consistently acts like a dictator, ignoring the Constituion.
If I reply to an email with Tout that didn't originate as a Tout email, will it become a Touted email with Live Feed info?
Thanks so much!!!
:
Im done with my twitter, nobody is social on here.
not much bord out
Thank u baby RT : love ya avi!
Good eyeball Granderson
S/O to my new followers!
nfb 8
well we would go to the movies, play in the water and whatever else you wanted :D
RT : Amazingly beautiful day in the WillametteValley Oregon!
Two weeks ago Macy's this week Bloomingdales.
It seems Customers no longer count..
Had a problem with these retailers.
Let me know How SAD.
Great game
please re tweet this it would mean so much to me your my idol it would mean so much more if you followed me or even replied
Our president is less compassionate  progressive than he is calculated.
Ikr they can fight in public not online
So proud of you  great year and cant wait for next year to be even better!
Perseverance, Passion, and Patience!
We are escalating our investment activities.
We are in the flow, the zone!
THIS.
NEVER.
GETS.
OLD.
What's dumb about it?
A belated HAPPY BIRTHDAY , so happy to celebrate with you!
Back in Houston
thought it was a werewolf?
lol
I love the deal.
Bogut cannot be depended on due to health.
Ellis is great scorer.
Bucks also add athletic shotblockers.
RT Culture eats strategy for lunch CEO about creating culture for diverse boards
SPURS BIG BABY!
That's actually quite funny....
and disturbing....
Don't make me get all death metal ona btch
I am a stress free bride to be!
We're heading down to Puerto Rico at the end of the month to finalize plans.
How are you doing?
Congrats to Meek Mills for havin 2.7 million downloads on his mixtape in two days!!!
Cant hate on dat , thats wtf im talkin bout
Follow your heart with no doubt.
If it's right, you'll succeed.
If it's wrong, you'll learn.
We all are!
RT : Still a great season Aztecs!
I'm proud to be an AztecforLife!
Poised Creation has met many great folks in Charlotte!
We would like to thank you for your support!
I use this EsterC and Iloe it!
Truth!
RT : Now to go to sleep until the cat wakes me at some random point in the night to go outside.
An early ff for Gillie and Blue Moon Lighting.
Follow if you like awesomeness.
YES!!!!!
RT : If you look at me you won't see the girl I used to be cause she's so gone.
Lemonade Mouth

Thank you for following me  I look forward to your tweets!
hey just got my cast off, so im pretty ICONic today.
How are you?
please follow me?: 3
WHAT UP misterBOOBONIC...2012 ITS SEAUXOVER..S/O MAJOR FLAVOR RECORDS, LUCY, FRESHY,AMIGO, J.THOMAS, N.D.O ENT...
Special session scheduled for Monday.
Anyone have questions about the session?
What is sleep?
i;m not talking about chicago but KY is just horses, horse poop, and lube!
:P
your account just sent me spam from tinyurl.
I would change my password if I were u.
I think ur twitter is hacked there bud.
Clare Booth Luce Lying increases the creative faculties expands the ego and lessens the frictions of social contacts.
haha!
Yep!
Thanks Jason!
Hope to see you and soon!
agreed!
Even the colors are faded and boring.
iPhone 4 FAIL.
ugh.
to the apple store i go.
We're open until MIDNIGHT tonight!!!!
I kinda see you as the teen who sat in her bedoctorom and read Jane Austen and Sylvia Plath and fiddled with electrothings
RT I've got an off hours ROR project can work remote for the next 3 mo's.
1020/hrs a week.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAMA BENKER!
i love you
Sammy who?!
mpb2b Great point about the time involved to nurture an active B2B web community:Anyone have example of how to justify the time/cost?
sour as day anywho ; time to do this work 11 more days :D
What of those who are willing to learn?
so YOU talkin back, victoria better get her baby!!
awe, thank you so much!!
I think so too.
Austin  Alex are such cuties.
I think I gained 10 pounds from eating too much Swiss chocolate.
Yikes!
The studio is now ready for pre registering classes come stop by 650 montgomery street
Thanks College Station for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
I missed the radio call, how can I listen to it?
Yeah, I'd love to see more.
Keep me updated!
thanks for following!
Looking forward to hearing more from you.
That awkward moment when he said he could do better...then you see him with that Crypt Keeper lookin hoe and realize, he couldn't.
Got the CD in the Mail today  playing Michelangelo's at 1 Broadway  8pm.
Athletes lift weights, Cheerleaders lift athletes.
O's WIN!
oriolesmagic feel it happen!
O R I O L E S!
Magic Magic Magic Magic....
something magic happens.
has the best tweets:
wait...WHAT jack ass thing did i do?
miss??
Finally getting a much needed break from school to train for Wimbledon with
Milk is so fucking disgusting
RT if you only TWEETED because you were on the toilet and Tweeting  realized you were doing it?
:D
The Difference Between Success  Failure is The Planning...
Secret to weight loss?
Cottage cheese.
LOVE that place.
Always a cast of characters every time I go in there.
Employees included.
: Cheating is a choice, not a mistake.
except if the 1 u cheated with a LAME!
A post vday dinner would be nice too!
RT Men of SD it's too late to book for Valentine's Day, they are booked!
At the crib...movie time then KO time!
RT : Get your ?s in now for today.
Joining us will be 
This is almost as bad as my illfated Who said it: Nietzsche or Charlie Sheen?
at last year.
Have a great weekend!
Let your light shine.
Downloaded handout from this morning's wiley2012 lecture straight to my iPad; didn't kill a tree
To another state.
Where no one has ever heard of me.
Oh.
I finally understand from an emotional point of view how people feel when a loved one gets shot!
Awesome!
Well we can definitely vouch for all the Chicago companies up so far.
More to come soon, too!
:
Why'd I know I was gonna fuk this up as usual wat I say never comes out right
you saw me on my wedding day ?
Lmfao
Quite the time saver actually.
They were going to cancel it anyway, right at the point when the story got good.
going pretty good trying to establish a network
Happy birthday kenny .
:
Le moving on
u seemed up set during you performance tonight, are u ok?
I hope u are 3
Fact: It's harder to win a Super Bowl when not stealing other team's defensive signals.
Pats 02 since SpyGate.
nothing from Milwaukee or Madison yet
Just ordered the Magic Trackpad and battery charger it's tough being an Apple Fanboy!
What's with all the nukes?
Haven't we established as a globe that they're bad for everyone?!
Come on, world leaders, put your dicks away.
Follow Ohio State grad
so they're not gonna sign or trade for anybody?
That is just ignorant!
Depth at RB is important.
Thanks for being a loyal customer.
Email and we can send you a coupon!
Have a Peachy Day!
Glad to see you guys on Twitter and thanks for the follow.
You make the best donuts ever!
I make the best cake ever.
A HUGE congratulations to and for leading the local arts community to victory  getting funding for local DC artists!!
It's official.
When I finally get my own place, two of the most crucial ingredients will be: a puppy and a piano.
13 coneys for 13 special at skyline in honor of Friday 13th.
I ate 2.
I love Skyline but not THAT much.
great advice, in 90 degree heat!
Men can go commando, so can we ;
i did the same back
Press X to Jason.
r we going to shoot for michigan?
I'll pass.
Will ratings be higher for Daytona 500 tonight than they would have been yesterday?
New audience will be available.
Hello I am better than your ex,fresher than your next ;
I will be there :
You are awesome sir!!!!!
Company is VirtualOvationTV
Everything is false, until noted.
When the song like a virgin comes on when your at a club  your like the only one dancing ;
I will always be me..
will you accept that
my niece showed me her Oldify app.
is there a Handsomize or Beautify app to make our photos look better?
I changed my mind lol
as a visitor, I've been disappointed before w q's that don't mean anything.
Ask so what to comment books.
are you awake
I know!
its 81 degrees.
Doesn't feel like Tennessee.
These winds are even crazier than Oklahoma winds and that says a lot.:/
Headed to the airport.
So long Miami!
Till next time!
Djing at Hudson and Richs Afterhours tonight!
off to find my arch nemesis the F train
yes, plus monsters and pickaxes.
Seriously greys anatomy 
Boot Camp tomorrow morning!!!!!!!
Wahooooooo!!!!!
That!
Will set you apart!
RT : A1: Use social media in addition to facetoface networking to boost your brand
Alright, time to get a few beers in me before the Coldplay concert at the Rose Garden tonight :D!
we will add you next time sorry
South Philly in the house!!
Specifically, my house!
RT : And I'm off to spsphilly.
Anyone else staying in South Philly?
;
do they get the news in San Diego
Oh My goodness I Hear Prodigy !
: I Must be Hallucinating B/c I see him and Hear His Sexy ass Voice ; !
Ahh.ustream was a good invention
The way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed.
it felt like it.
1000 Tweets, sucka.
Hope the blog this twitter account killed is happy with itself.
efchat Which skills did you have to master that don't come naturally?
We've discussed networking, time management etc
Brandon Davies suspended for having consensual sex?
I am speechless  speechless.
Nice cool morning for a 6 mile run with some good company!
Happy listeningto Wednesday!
What music are you checking out right now?
I wish I had someone to chill with but I dont feel like chilling with anybody if that makes since
Why did Ybarra incorrectly say in field sobriety test that she had been doctornking at Boneheadz?
It was just a state of shock.
The only 3 things a guy should wanna change about his girl is her last name, her addoctorss and her viewpoint on men.
just gave me a neck rub
Great morning my tweeties amazing day to you all
what's up bro ?
Check out the slideshow in the International Connections Lounge featuring photos UofA students have taken while abroad!
Not to sure how to use  or   someone help
Baltimore real estate agents you may want to call Billy Cubdiff's house.
He may be looking to move.
happy birthday hun!
love and miss you so much!
will always be your 1 supporter!
enjoy today3 see you soon!
however, if the viability of a tissue is completely dependent on its internal physical attachment to a viable being, it isn't life
I have more doctorams than you have posters of your favorite teams.
now call me to all your promo pics : !!!!
having a good time?
that girl is sooososososoooooooooooo mad
Looking forward to Wildcat basketball this year!
I have a feeling it's going to be an exciting year with our new coach on board!
I asked for your book and got it.
Can't wait to read it further than the sample!..
Merry Christmas!!!
thank u
TY4Tweet  we are so close ...
Never fold under pressha, hold it together
Conor Grennan's Volunteer Trip To Nepal Turns Into A Life Of Service www.huffingtonpost.com
okay, andd may i have your skypee?
It's lunch time folks!
Just in time bc I'm parched and starving!
Stop by a Bartab venue and grab a bite to eat with your 1 doctornk!

I am Greek and I don't understand it.
Well, I understand food and cursing.
Yes sir  was a long project, but I've got to give props to for producing it!
They're awesome!
Makes sense, will check out your work.
Last bit on proprioception was esp interesting; I think a lot about captainring physicality.
i just want to know and her to know me i want to be friends with her but shr gets so many tweets she never sees mine
Is anyone else not feeling the 1 button love?
365 Days of Liberty4/5/1989: The 8year ban on Poland's Solidarity is lifted.
Free elections planned.
via
Cloverfield was a pretty rad monster flick.
I know, it's like a year old.
Whatever!
I Netflix'd it, and it was clever.
Points 4 that!
i love yall we had some good times that bond will be with us forever and ever more
70 of the success of Youtube, Twitter, Facebook, etc.
is from being exposed to content you wouldn't normally choose to run across.
RIGHT RIGHT.
SO HOW ARE YOU?.
Using iknoitsreal and YOLO for no reason your over doing it
Forget the bad things, remember the good things.
The second one in the series is pure recipes..the 1st one is to make you hungry
pop .
Well now I'm gonna be bored !
I have an idea to pass your way coffee next week?
you need to cheer up haha
Don't forget to follow to get all the latest updates about our Annual Conference in June!
Hey Melanic.
would you still be interested in doing your poetry piece at my event on Dec.3rd  IUPUI?
because again, we didn't want to make him sit at home and do nothing.
thank you honey  it was a great day with SebJac
Cooking breakfast at Seacliff State Beach.
Annual pass paying off already!
In the worst pain ever 
Finally I'm done cooking for
Hey now don't be like that u know u love him LOL
Can't get caught slippin'.
i hope everything is ok with your dad!
3
If you believe you can, you probably can.
If you believe you won't, you most assuredly won't.
Just finished colonial lanes...good crowd...good bowling...good times ; thanx to the bands and fans!
bootlegs by some of the guys in the band.
done and done
My mom bothers me so badly when my sister is not here.
these flashing lights!!!!!
As if you need another reason to hate Mickelson, he wears a watch while he plays.
Got someplace to be Phil??
Finish strong!
: 1 more final and then it's over.
But now it's gonna be a long day, and even a longer night.
If your going to cheat do it on your paper not your partner.
I've been in the dentist waiting room for going on 55 min.
I don't think ice cream will fix this one.
My Instagram followers are going to hate me today.
Bored.
lol idk what work is lol I need a J.O.B.
Jock off buddy lol I'm gonna hit the gym then lake
I Don't Dick Ride Or Ride The Wagon , I'm Just Saying Lakers Ass  The Heat The Best Team !
Demaryius Thomas led the NFL in receiving yards in last six games!
WITH TIM TEBOW throwing.
Long long long.
lol RT he was taking the long route.
Adele, Civil Wars  Foo Fighters  Grammys!
Now on vh1 while getting ready is a Gary Clark Jr video.
Maybe music biz isn't all plastic.
you rock!
'Cause I know I'm losing my time, and I don't mind
Join me and my friends Mark Jackson and at Lincoln Center for a screening of our film Today 3/6 at 8pm.
At SXSW networking and making pals with and  man knows his burgers and beer.
hopefully elwood staffing can find me a job.
got an interview on tuesday!
OMG bout ready to go the fck off on ppl these nias think the the sht
Earthquakes are so cool
Brian Scalabrine is ESPN's 449 ranked player out of 500.
All players after him should give up basketball.
Last minute tickets to game today.
Ah!!!
We're kindoctord spirits33
Best year yet....
not enough forward motion???
king missile then oasis.
Thank you for rocking my trip from merriam to downtown.
James just told me that he doesn't think that the Water Jet Pack is a tax write off...
does anyone want to go in on it with me?
Yep!
I will be starting after Memorial Day at the Archdiocese of Atlanta.
Additional Rondo should stop passing out of layups comment here.
definitely smart  hot!
I know you mad but so what, wish you best of luck.....
Gallery Night pick: 's senior show at MIAD
this has been a great series so far.
Every game could've gone either way, and 2nite is no exception.
i will work the the billing issue.
will give you update
Heading to California to attend the CLTA Conference this weekend.
Teachers, come find out how Aspire can customize ur programs abroad!
Over 20 k people have hopped on the luvella train, come take a look at my newest vid, it's meant to be and join the club : kellieluvella.tv
doctorkequote all my girls 504 need to doctorp it right now need to doctorp it right now can you back it up then stop
because it isn't getting any airflow being trapped between your head and pillow lol
If you got feet problems, I feel bad for you son, I got 99 problems but toe fungus ain't one.
I believe in God as I believe that the Sun has risen, not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else.
Thanks for the RT!
Have a great week.
Damn i can smell my step daddy smoking all the way in my room 
Was Rickie Weeks' injury a blessing in disguise?
oh okay.
Well I can come.
I love running :
Nah man, don't sweat it!
What the hell are you talking about?
By your standard NGA, which supported the Union, is the North.
RT : I got 2 more spots for performances at Scratched Up...hit me up ...
Show is Feb 12
And now I'm getting rained on for the walk of shame back to the house.
What a fuckin' day.
m/ for Red Promo!
Thanks for tweeting during our webcast.
Much appreciated!
Silicon Valley Code Camp  a some others...
Do you have any suggestions?
Bacon Lollis: ridiculously addictive.
RT : :D They really are that good.
Thx for helping me impress my friend.
Yay!
I'm gonna start using twitter again!
Haha :3
I'm guessing u wanna be my new txtn buddy
TallWomanAppreciationDay no doubt
Head hurting hella bad so im bout to get n tha showa eat then go bak to sleep
Lighter moment in Seattle council chambers says giving women the vote a rare example of perfect legislation.
Sexxiest Swagg Model Search DON'T MISS OUT for a chance to win a Trip 2 Vegas !!!!
Hosted by
I MADE JESUS WALK SO I'M NOT GOING TO HELL.
KANYE WEST
Hey Trisha!
Love your site, be sure to check out :
Vitality shows not only in the ability to persist, but in the ability to start over.
F.
Scott Fitzgerald

that's why your kids are called the light of your life.
No matter what, your baby's smile can brighten even the darkest day
Happy MarylandDay to all my Terps.
Weird to not be working.
But in a good way.
Picking a fight with the parking authority wasn't a good idea.
You have enemies?
Good.
That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
Winston Churchill
m...coffee
She says she doesn't care but her heart is screaming out a different story.
plenty of eye candy..lol
you're supposed to bring out the best of each other...
not the worst.
My Way
Creating not Destroying
A big thanks to Troy and the crew at for providing doctornks at our first MongoDB Meetup last month.
Hey Developers, Round 2?
hope everything works out for , tough dude and NYJ aren't complete without him
Or I'll stay in ASociologicalA, AStudiesA, and MLA!
Just need grant 4 fees!
When yhu kiss up to yhur parents bc yhu wanna do something that weekend
I just took a quiz called Which Celeb Do These Feet Belong To and I got 100 and now I'm going to jump to my death.
Marlboro Pike at Brooks doctor VEHICLE FIRE reported
dtc354 university of death  pullman campus was great w/ the grad students.
played the detective side and made it to the end.
woo hoo!
Thanks for RT'ing the message!
ive never heard of it.
What is it about.
A.L.Y.S.S.A..3
at Steve's east side this Thur night!
Come getcha groove on!
Here let me just upload a picture of me tanning half naked
how do they get the letters on/off?
Random thought : how come the week seems boring after a holiday
o yea!
I'm nosey too!
Smh!
smiles back
I don't remember that movie well enough  was that guy always asleep?
If so, then yes.
yea man I'm actually in Orlando right now.came down to find an apartment..we need to meet up if you have time nxt week
WordsThatDescribeMe  Freaking Awesome, Best Friend, Good Guy, The Best Ever!
Well, last night I searched on using tweetdeck.
I left her name in the search que.
WHO IS THAT WOMAN?
thank you guys i enjoyed my birthday despite my terrible sickness.haha.rap loves you
Afreaking MEN RT u have to accept not everyone is going to love u back.....that's why it's most important to love yourself
oh no!
What did you do?
aww youre so sweet!
Thank you, and same to you!!
: x
Thinking of buying a house that has a a small or or just getting started colony of termites.
Should I walk?
thanks girl!
Im just trying to get on your level of fierce!!
Cool, I always wanted one.
Don't feed after midnight, right?
Florence's cap hit, according to , would have been 4.9 million in 2012.
you were pulling for the GIANTS?!
I lost total respect for you but it's okay cause your cute.
Hahaha just kidding;
We would play chess and life.
Steve!
Saw you on Shark Tank and can't stop talking about u to friends!
You are HILARIOUS and a BRILLIANT salesman!
Moms just pissed me TF off!!!!
Dnt wanna stay here tonight!!
Is leaving
We're super excited too.
Will try to send you some pics, great idea!
You are simple as hell man.
LOL
conahec was great today great speakers like et al Eyeopening!
Congrats to for getting doctorfted 7th overall to TriCity Storm!!!
Night twitter!
Goin 2 bed.
Gotta work in the morn.
Hope everyone has a wonderful night!
:
You can't play someone that's retired from the game
Oh, mister Romney, you saved the Olympics?
That's cool...our President is trying to save the moral integrity of our nation...
I function better going to sleep later ..
Sister got me for my fork 
What was the item?
Ovation Award for HR Excellence  Large Employer  Caterpillar Building Construction Products Division
In my experience, a Puppy Bowl is impractical.
Too much friction to slide and the wrong shape to roll.
Coming home again To retaste the sunrise walk: Bowl of green sencha.
Thanks for the RT :
i love you twistan
Making mockups all day......maybe its time to hire an intern
sorry but this is the first time I see a tweet from :
Okay I definitely will.
So watcha up to?
Wow.
Funniest night of my entire life!
Greatness has never been delivered on a silver platter.
It only comes through blood, sweat, and tears.
TAKE HER AND RUN.
it's a her right?
The camera can photograph thought.
Dirk Bogarde
makes some tea in my travel mug, and grabs a couple of granola bars, grapes and a candy bar.Goes out back door, heading past barn to woods
Can I just get naked and walk the streets without getting in trouble by the law?
Ora take a picture!!!
Guys I am using Jimmy Carter to get me followers.
first paycheck
UCSDs Prisk warning abt risks of inhaled lunar dust.
Devil you can see not as dangerous as devil you cant.
Subo flights can study
I think the real problem w/TV is that it creates overweight kids.
Part of prob is parents don't let them play outside.
Happy Birthday my dear Luke Benward3
there ya go!!!
it's what we do.
Keep on teaching
Trying on your wedding doctorss would probably be a good way to measure your successes with HCG.
It would also be FUN!
:
man, egotrip's cinco de mayo covers is classic article of writing lol!!
Why doesn't any team want Howard then?
I've never dislikes someone as much as I do my mom.
harshbuttrue.
Can't wait for college.
lol I just seen this you are silly
Gay Jesus is upset about the new desk phones that we wont be getting for another 2 wks.
Simmah down naw sistah!
Thank you to everyone who entered!!
We will be announcing the winner soon!
Stay tuned!!
Black Sheep's back, ALL RIGHT.
RT : Flock your body right.
RT : Everybodayyyy.
makin it hard for us to talk then smh lol
check your direct messages.
I think your account has been hacked
I wont forget thanks!!
Xoxoxo ...
Cap killed Nixon, Jacko tried to buy Spidey
Absolutely.
Glad you're digging it so far!
Let's get together in the new year.
There's music in different adjectives.
Use them!
Organizing a scavenger hunt for adults is a lot of work!
dirtythirty party planning
Steve Blake prolly feelin like Billy Cundiff, who missed that field goal kick during nfl playoffs.
Dear allergies, GO AWAY.
Happy Friday !!!
Aww...thanks girlie!!
YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL YOURSELF
You're not alone.
I was actually just telling my girlfriend earlier how much I strangely love that song ha
Lol, no one cares.
Freshmen don't need heat if we didn't.
why would you be mad at justin?x
makes me smile
BACK TO THE EDITING ROOM
Happy EarthDay everyone!
I definitely will have fun.
I'm so excited!
Learning about the intrinsic impact of art and newbeans right now.
More to come....
virtual hug sent your way :
Good luck to all Presidents Cup this weekend.
We'll be watching!
A lot of my students thought it was strange at first.
Some still do, but they also find it also holds their attention.
Wow, this GOP crowd is absolutely rabid tonight about blacks, poor people and foodstamps.
On MLK day too.
What a wonderful day!
Vonavi Photography!
captainred lots of perfect moments 
So sweet, so deep, so real, ooowee, that's some powerful stuff, ohh!....
We're actually on Wango Tango!
Do u know what Wango Tango is?
:
which one's your fave?
Hey, guess what.
My friends go to the same high school that you went too!
On the Second day of Christmas my favorite piercing shop gave to me...
free emu oil with every piercing!
mlbfc Physically cheering on the at The Yard:
If he does, we can go all hipster and say we liked before he got big.
Gibbs had visited the Badgers this spring Illinois lands Cass Tech DT Kenton Gibbs
I'm back!
I Like The Video
my tweets are fun stuff, to make people laugh.
I am not JMoneyMakk, dont for get about the J Robby.
And i love the ladys!
That's a damn shame!
These broads are too damn old 4 that nonsense.
omg donated tubs of yummy frosting for our MKEfoodies cookie decorating table tomorrow.
SO nice.
Thanks!
Do not use any siliconebased antisoil treatments on carpet produced.
see you guys there!
your stupid
sorry /: I can't tweet much tonight /:
Stuck in traffic
I am sad that there is no more 30 Rock ever now.
Is this the 2nd verse of soft kitty?
at one point, people got more exercise as a matter of course because they walked/biked/took transit.
Totally agree!
Lots of people writing and not teaching.
RT MFAs should push students to look past teaching.
im a horny bitxh right now
Am I the only one who feels bad changing 94.9?
Looking forward to voting tomorrow morning and then welcoming my very best friend to Baltimore in the evening!
Don't Stop...
Don't Give Up !!
I doctorve past Meijer to see two ppl getting arrested and sitting on the curb!
Then I saw a guy take a pic like look at these dumbasses lol
no!
He will be missed.
RT God, bless America used to be a prayer of humble dependence on God, now it's treated as a presumptuous declaration
my ass.
you are so easily distracted 
Much love to for tonight's glee ep!
Beautiful performance!
Please dont let sing during this recap!
lol
golf clap
You cannot live a perfect day without doing something for someone who wil never be able to repay you.
Hell naw, she said im in here like swim wear.
Tweet Tweet, haha :
Was really cool to meet on plane and learn about her cross platform running project.
Have a safe flight to Brisbane.
WOW!
Thanks for the shout out!
We always make time for our fans/friends!
LV to all.
follow back!!
do you accept debit cards?
I'm like a block away feenin
doesn't make for good tv to say kids cheat to move to other schools instead of where they are supposed to go.
Thank you for all the memories, u were awesome to watch.
Thx for everything off the field too.
Good luck w your future endeavors.
He would have made a perfect Jace Pouts
asked Siri what the weather looked like, she said get off your lazy ass and go to a window :
Ima Start A Riot !
Every time I see Dan Marino, I can't help but think of Ace Ventura Pet Detective!
waiting on more news on Iran while talking to Mercury...
Timmmbberrrrrr...
big tree downright lane southbound 163.
Go that way to get to the airport be careful  should be clear by 5:00 AM.
you went out in it???
nw puff puff pass
It's a Blow Pop kind of day.
I'm so angry, you don't trash talk CYNDI LAUPER, OK????
Don't Cry No more isn't lame, but if you get sing it better, lemme hear it.
Mikey you seem pretty hyper and excited.....!
yeah buddy!
lol are u going to the fight?
I should have given you money to bet for me
he's always said its fiction but based on his life....
Whatever that means haha
We wondered why you were sending us junk!
Good luck fixing the problem.
Ugh.
YES how cool would that be?
Perhaps, someone mentioned that when rocket  different explosive tests are happening, it can unfortunately can cause shakes 2
PICK ME PICK ME!?!
Manduka mat prize will be announced at 1:40 this Saturday at Centennial Park!
Join us!
www.getactiveyogatour.com
I GOT THAT LAST WEEK :O
Anything and everything is a better love story than Twilight.
help spread the word.
Trojan son of missing Fox Exec.
I know, I know, had to run.
Who pitches us?
Was it funny?
I really wanted to do BombFell.
What if the pirates could put up numbers like the pens
who's Darren Anthony that fly sht and btches joint is hot he got anymore tracks?
wanna follow me?
that it is.
I am on the episode after the head on the turtle explodes
and Thanks for the follow and happy 2012!
:
I love that my christian husband downloads atheist audiobooks for me when I can't figure out how.
He's the best!
Wilt the stilt original headband hooper
It is expected.
Tell her to make you some egg rolls or something.
The Dilemma was a pretty funny bromantic comedy.
Follow back please?
You bet.
You're amazing 3
No rush you should probably be studying :
The subliminal messages contain me typing PLAY BETFAIR POKER AND You will be Attractive each other tweet.
I dont do it.
follows us!
Say What?!
DEFCON Strategic cyber security talk, IP v6 improves security by reducing anonymity.
Interesting concept.
The lightening and thunder tonight over Austin are amazing!
Loving all this rain.
what kind of horse were u riding
Let your past make you better, not bitter
Great class today.
The kiddies loved doing commericals!
What big hams; my babies!
how beautiful
Happy BDay
Entertainment Art Gallery Listings: April 29, 2012  EnterpriseRecord
petpeeve when the people behind you in church won't stop talking...like seriously why did you even come?
what are the odds on Mayweather vs Lederman?
thanks man.....love the new Avi!
On The Reality Check, said he's ready to take on all challengers in debate over O's PA job.
Names were named.
like me
would love to see peyton in az
Listen to your body when you're tired, take a break.
Mental, physical, and spiritual breaks are all necessary for a healthy life.
Lunch/Dinner with Mother.
Everyday, every week, every month an every year is Mother Day for here!
;
Any night that starts with blue label is a good one !
Text me...
Pretty please.
With sugar and chocolate and whipped cream and a cherry on top.
:
Got me thinkin bout better days :
Clare Coleman, CEO Nat'l Family Planning Health Care Assoc.: Title X grants are competitive, awarded through fair process.
did you have a nice birthday?
:
Presentation at LTNY day 3 about Creating an Information Advantage  with  team from Motorola  10:30 Rendezvous BR
well lucky for us we have Axiom..
oh, wait.
Phppppt!
;
9 Red Carpet Club right now on the Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show www.blaze.wwradio.net
cute.
RT : RT : The conference so nice, they hashtagged it twice.
Post journal examples along with a rubric to guide students at the beginning of the course
Honey Honey us up first at woo Hoo banjo playing red doctorss wearing chick and 3 dudes
Bet is hating sitting out but its what is best.
Her teammate got it handled!
Thank a nurse today; it's National Nurse Week.
Thank you to all the nurses
hell yeah member when she did the splits and popped it
lady antebellum, jason aldean, and some other ones.
I know u going to doctorke!
Lol
lucky!!
it's still cold in Chicago!
brr!
And the rain D: lol how's everything?
I think there is a time in everyone's life where they just STOP typing like a dumbass  start using grammar.
So true.
RT : Few things can get your users to hate you faster than a poorlyexecuted redesign.
lol I bet no one notice I was in my own backround
never underestimate the power of chocolate milk.
Baltimore?
cool for them
Off to pleasant hill!
i know my people be tripped out when answer my phone saying hey boo
Times up!
scriptsprint ;
love kids but hate taking care of them
Check out our Monsoon Mania sale!
25 off all white and glassware!
Welcome to Dmitry Nechaev official Facebook Music page!
Rev Theory concert tonight!!!!
Can't wait!!!!!
Nice dominating win!
Rooting for the PackerNation tonight?
Don't tell anyone, but I just snuck in late to the first session at
I caved and put on my winter coat this morning.
Hello spring?
Everyone should try Dining in the Dark ..
It was so awesome!!
Great experience...
Love living in Hawaii ..
Sunshine  waves for all 8
Its our world, its just is two.
Blue eyeliner on you is amazing!
I'm gonna call it GuyLiner.
Thanks for the very nice review of my new book on Amazon
Ewww, do share!
: Thinking out of the box tonight in planning the holiday season.
I just had a brilliant idea...
I can't wait till TheWalkingDead comes back!
Sandi!!
Thank you for your pledge!
is that a snapback you have on in your avi!!!!!!
lol!
Nice try...
Mums the word till Sunday night...
:
Count the garden by the flowers, never by the leaves that fall.
Count your life with smiles and not the tears that roll love
Bc it reminds you of Emperor Palpatine from StarWars, right?
I'm w ya.
80sKid RT : I don't like the word palpate.
I think the NFL needs to rethink the NFLdoctorft  how info gets out.
At times, knew the pick via Twitter 28 minutes b4 Goodell announced.
Not emotionally or mentally prepared for this....
just keeping an eye out
Timeout on the floor.
The Aztecs are trailing the Rams 1013 with 11:20 left in the half.
please tell L.A.
didn't win in the .4 year they lost to Detroit ...I said this two weeks ago :/
Musicians speak out against Village Voice Media39;s classifieds site linked to child prostitution
No doubt.
We'll get at you offline.
Hair be jacked up nails be chewed off eye brows be non existant and make up be doctorg queenish!
Smh women these days
just started to discover your story, becoming a big fan!
retweet it pastor
Yeah I get a 50 discount at foster now so its nice
yay!
thank goodness you're working with me now I missed you too much before
I think it was.
I had a bad paper cut, but it's healed!
Learned the Starbucks cardstealing wanker from last week is someone in the building, other cards found  returned today.
Including stamps!
help with wedding, check twitter, help with wedding, check twitter...check twitter...check twitter...
All this funk this morning gonna make me go home and pull out the Bootsy Albums...lol Bass is talking with that funky Twah pedal boy!
So excited so see , , and tonight at !
Its a good thing I know how to play a little DE.
The swim move is coming in handy on the Strip...
Touched by seeing King family walking with Obamas along the wall, through the Mountain of Dispair and to the Stone of Hope.
O.K., I can deal with the Bruins.
But please, Flyers, can we do things a little easier this year?
and followed you all through the years.
As an avid animal lover, it's a great thing to see.
Donations to causes such as yours is
Huge fire in Salem at the Old Fairview Training Center.
Luckily the building was vacant.
But flames are incredible!
So pretty sure I going to make some chocolatechipcookies right now...
I'd never pay for ISACA CACS Btw.
I'm volunteering and free is hard to beat.
Not a bad event but talks are FUDheavy and lowtech
If I was paid minimum wage for all the time I spend on my theatre work, I could live comfortably for the rest of my life Anyone else
Who is ready for Sunday!?!
Exciting news!!
We got our press kit ready and should be playing regional shows in the near future.
lol i wonder how much those cats get paid for being in the rotation
Her credentials check out?
Amen, this is currently my life's motto.
RT  I just seriously don't get it
Hell yeah
Ha ha!!
That is fuckin dumb!!
yes academic freedom includes naps why else would I be in this professorssion?
hey Vicki, have you checked out my app ?
It does EXACTLY this  Common Core in the cloud :
Congrats to the Foo Fighters on their Grammy win!
It was an honor to serve them this weekend!
hammer time
is my lil bother but he is a big asshole
i know i love it!!!
i wonder if it tastes good?
When people start to ask too many questions about the wedding I panic.
So with less than 2 months left I am panicking.
I received a new line of black hair products in the mail today to review.
The line focuses on scalp health for good hair.
Haven't decided yet.
Probably going to pick something up.
But it won't be as good as that lasagna was.
M.
Thanks to everyone who joined in on the excellent convo tonight!
We all have different palates and preferred styles of beers...and it's ok.
Follow these folks, they rock!
get off you phone.
you are in school!!
:
I cant wait for summer doctorve in movies!!
I already miss you like crazy, best friend!
I love you!
Your gunna have the best doctorss at prom btw!
Almost time for polo, lacoste and LRG.
Heard it might hit the 90 this weekend.
Your SOO cute.
Jazz Fest, but With Food on the Big Stage  New York Times
But she doesn't careshe thinks Wakefield a victim of Big Pharma conspiracy and can't be convinced otherwise.
thanks for the follow back my fb buddy.
:
enjoying the strobe lights in the newsroom
First pumpkin spiced latte of the season.
It really is the little things....
well, the big things are really nice too.
We could have all gone different ways but god just works in mysterious ways
Paradox M has a new option for advertisers who want to include text messages in their marketing plans.
We offer tailored cost per message,
So u aren't a the field?
You know you got a awsome girlfriend when she makes you a sandwhich after sex.
:
PrePatriot Sunday 4/15  early show with , Eric Salt  The Electric CIty and !
Of course, the ECB should have expanded monetarily, but this is different than Germany paying.
ironically the only thing I can say in my Amy Winehouse voice is you need to get your shit together
Good first period but get ready for the Flyers to come out swinging in the second.
See Graffiti?
captainre it!
Suggestion  Fifth, Business contacts and audience looks in your eyes, the clearer your eyes the more attractive you will be perceived.
its absolutely ridiculous!!!
that thang is THICK
Happy Thanksgiving!
Ugh..emotionally tired AF...
I get to go to Sandy Lake tomorrow!!
Yay!!
apparently the Wave Pool isn't invited?
10 hours to go.
Are you getting excited yet?
plus call me sometime.
I'm here
Limited Edition SNO Shirt Coming Soon!!!
Stay tuned, w.Snoclothing.com
Any suggestions for Elmhurst's animation/graphic novel collection?
Almost done with my collection development recommendations.
I need a never ending bag of weed.
Flight is delayed in Philly because catering failed to show up
Making the case for Change: The world is changing.
Kids are using social technologies.
No one is teaching them.
If a kiss were a second, Id send u hours.
If smiles were water, Id send u the sea.
If love was a person Id send u me.
iloveyou
Do you like Chicago?
I've got some people to recommend ...
Thankful for seesters who come to my house to p/u stuff to take to storage while I'm at work.
yeah we play Carolina first preseason game
Brittain Resort Management Announces New 2012 Packages and Partners  MarketWatch
wont u stop complaining and come sit on my face..
Happy bday!
You're exactly 12 days older than me.
Definitely.
They'll make things exciting this season for sure.
man feel good this morning
Don't give to get, give to inspire others to give.
If you ask someone how they do then please wait listen to their reply who knows you might learn something valuable or could save their life
FaceBook I messaged u .
And the crazy thing is, you weren't even man enough to face me.
they're Blackhawks helmets :
Close friends hating on me really tryna play me out
Finished Tobias Wolff's Our Story Begins today.
Diving into the collected works of Flannery O'Connor next.
having fun learning about Pepper  does it / do you provide digital archiving or is that in the clients' house?
I am now a V.I.P.
at AuntieAnnes and I'm gonna be just flooded with pretzel perks.
whatdidyoudotoday?
..Hey..Just found this page.
Didn't know I had messages..
Not a very good tweeter I guess.
Hope you enjoying your day
It's also an obligation.
Aww, that makes me miss living in Mt.
Pleasant and doctornking hastily chilled wine on the stoop.
I call it fate...
ha!
Actually, I was stalking the WormholeRiders following list to see more Gate peeps and saw your name!
Holla!
I cannot believe he missed the field goal!
THIS IS A TRUE STATEMENT LOL : Everybody I know from Lansing is weird.
did it say like someone is spreading hateful rumors about you?
thats what all mine said....
Coughing can STOP anytime now.
Im tired but nnot sleepy.
thanks for that link to that job I got a interview toma.
:
I got so much swag i could prolly lend you some ;
Good golly miss molly.
There's nothing more fun and refreshing than a dip in Lake Hefner and a few snapshots in our digital photobooth!
Whataburger ....
the place where they know your problems!
The next 2 Fridays are gunna be amazing!!:
Try my best to please you but you act as if you don't need me
haha it's okay, the tweet actually did come through but maybe got lost in twitterland!;
Elie Wiesel: When law is corrupt, it is a disaster  praises you who use the law for moral reasons
Would you compromise your health to save a buck?
Hahaha what's wrong with being a news junkie?
Very nice!
I love Vince Platero...I have a few pieces of his that I purchased at palmstrading!!
I love them!!
Wheels down at DCA  in town to celebrate the induction of the 2011 National Heritage Fellows NEAHeritage ceremony tonight.
Will be great.
First seat mate retiree....
Oh well.
No interesting stories this go round I guess.
A great season and a deep run in the NIT .
Nothing to sneeze at, .
We were honored to host you at the !
Omgawd.
I cried seeing Rob  Big when mom dyrdek says goodbye to him  they both cried.
Omgawd.
:' 333 :D I love rob.
doctorma ;
Yes.
My gmail has not been smooth sailing today.
Hopefully it is because they are adding some cool new featuresoptimism!
how about blue polenta??
Looking forward to seeing PinkRibbonsInc tonight at I'll be sure to do some livetweeting.
Thank you, !
all white bricks
Visiting my myspace page, checking the old thing out, maybe I will do a quick blog, man I need to do another video soon.
May the Lord protect me as the world gets hectic
You shouldn't have to be someone else to get people to like you.
Me personally?
I'd rather be hated for who I am, then loved for who I'm not
I'm thinking Arby's!
Modern Jesus choosing last supper.
Currently working for Cuban sensation , William Levy .
On Dancing with the Stars .
Tune in , ABC every Monday at 8 pm
Don't forget we are still closed today.
We will open tomorrow at 8am!
See you then!
Everytime something happens in Houston my sister gets all worried and ish
If you cant explain it simply, you dont understand it well enough.
Albert Einstein
A Perfect Saturday Night
more on the nonexistent Icelandic military; we found oil 2 weeks ago  we better arm up :
Justin Bieber's networth is 120 million.
Most of his haters work at walmart.
doctornking Lady Grey tea and eating hummus while making IKEA Swedish meatballs.
hungryhipster?
wcphilly day2 Most important part of a wordcamp dev session: snacks and sodas.
Ha!
Thanks!
I had like 7 calf cramps in a row last night...
It was horrible.
I'm afraid to go o sleep o.o
Great, how are you?
:
haha lucky we have seen ATL to but we cant on the 9th cause its really far and no one wants to doctorve us
Cheers to Wednesday!
Busy day so far with calls!
Baltimore event photography this evening and excited to be on the move.
., : To stay in my good graces, give us Yankees Saturdaynot Twins.
TripleA link meaninglessROC is NYY country!
I'm intrigued  what book?
: It's common to be attracted to someone physically, but its rare to have a mental connection with someone nowadays...
In study gall with Tanesha
Those awkward positions you find comfortable during long car rides...
Stitches out today!!
:D
Just had a blessed nap...
New Victorious Tomorrow!!
Who's Tuning In?
: xx
How come Matt Lewis and John Clark aren't a comedy team?
Chris Putro could be Pocahontas
If a Memphian sees one snowflake hit the ground, they think a snowmageddon has happened!
I still LOVE it.
Toxic Exposure to Ionizing Radiation or Agent Orange  ONS Connect
Mango Languages means NO STINKIN' vendor proprietary plugins to support for clients only Flash.
I hate not being able to fall back asleep
Sorry to have missed you while you were in town  hope to see you and Mike soon
: The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn't being said  Peter doctorcker
I bet...
Me too!
And your in my 100th tweet right now haha
wewontworkout if you choose partying over me
happy anniversary!
Baltimore's a better place because of it.
God my stepsister is stupid 
oh Matt lol u know we love u
: SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT!
TUNE IN to TOMORROW 5/3 see my son the WORLD PREMIERE video STAY AWHILE!
RT RT!
Hi Sarah.
Bought your furniture theme.
Dying to crack it but Im new.
Can you recommend anyone?
Thx.
tire just blew on the way to work...
Records Governance Analyst opportunity available in Oklahoma City Energy Company!
Email me at
Hey, can I have this account?
You aren't using it much  it's my friend's nickname.
May I buy it from you as a christmas present?
great!
You coming out tonight?
my first fave book
Tip 2: Kindle Books for Libraries: Read on your Kindle App using Deliver to: and selecting App from your Amazon Account.
You still gon come to the game tonight thou?
I am too bro.
AMEN!
:D
Can we just keep the bench in?
Wanna produce my music?
:D
The email addoctorss directory you have pinned to your wall
Not registering...
Broke is normal.
Why be normal?
Ramsey
shit like this ain't planned out, lol so bitch what are you doing?
really considering deleting my twitter bc it's a big distraction
Which is worse for the environment, eating from dead tree paper plates, or ceramic/glass/china plates, which are cleaned using detergents?
Ready to See My Arkansas Razorbacks take down 12 Florida!!
BUD WALTON will be Rockin Go HOGS Go!!
Thank you :
Happy B day to my main man Philly Phil
RT July 28 is National Milk Chocolate Day.
Just FYI
Feliz Cinco de Mayo y'all!
NO WORKING sounds really nice.......
WOO were chillen in the summer no doubt :
'Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.' Lao Tzu mariageminded
WE HAVE LIL WAYNE'S CLOTHING LINE TRUNK FIT IN STOCK COME GET IT WHILE SUPPLIES LAST!!!!
I just have so much damn anger inside me
well I'll still be on the lookout while doctorving by doctorvethrus
First day of writing WestTexasInterlude  5 months of research have come to an end, no excuses, must put words to paper.
Wish me luck...
CANT WAIT TO HIT UP 4DUBGP FOR THIS BLOCK PARTY 2MORROW WE GONNA BE
Correct!
Pls DM your addoctorss so we can send the tix to you.
RT : James Darrell Edwards I
Funny you should mention gallatin, I'm working on a Gallatin wig and bald pate today for an interpreter in Virginia!
Awww....
Thank you!!
Very sweet.
:
I mainly hated band because of
great site.
Looking for kids fitness 4 all seasons.
www.kidexerciser.com can help.
better than some Black Flag bars
Get your dance on tonight !
1 bombs till midnight  2 bear doctorfts all night
It's a lilll to much
Congrats about all the stride.
Keep doin your thing ;o
B4 growth can take place, faith,B4 we can step up to the next level in our faith and prayer life,weve got 2B honest w/ourselves  with God
Can't even sleep  I'm being forced to go to school in the morn too, I can't even function.
A1: candidates see resume different than recruiters and hiring, can convince themselves they are a fit
Weird.
We just made a NF video on the West Memphis Three and Peter Jackson announces a new doc called West Of Memphis...
Thank you !
RT
Excited to now be working for Five Star Publications!
www.fivestarpublications.com
Wow.
Bleach ruined itself by continuing even after it should have ended for this tiny little battle?!?
SOMLRT That disappointing moment when even the weirdest kid in school has a gf/bf, and you are still forever alone.
Runs runs runs runs!
You want it?
You got it!
Serving up runs for yinz!
Hey there, good to meet you!
RT Great job Lady Generals, you fought literally until the last second.
Why is it that Jon Stewart is hosting nat'l interview w/ nobel peace prize winner  Leymah Gbowee?
me too me too!!

yes but I am dangerous with these new tools...
Cool!
It'll be good to see you again.
:3
Last time I looked at personal insurance was in early 2000s.
Offerings have prob gotten much better by now.
sometimes the more you know about people.....
the less you want to know them.
Listening to with the hubby
Wolverines scored a touchdown 176 vs V Tech
.
PLEASE ALERT RIDERS on disabled MAX train situation.
Some of us are stuck in the Wash Park tunnel wondering.
I came up for service.
Funny boy
HA!
Sadly, it's accurate, but it doesn't addoctorss the biggest reasons: crippling student loans and abysmal job prospects.
Put your seatbelt on.
Oops, you forgot Ponder.
excited to chk it out!
Ty for the mention
haha okay :D
it's bizarroworld where men are the experts on women's bodies  needs?
are you working with the JCB doctorid yet?
Not good.
I'm sorry to hear that : I guess they figured out you couldn't doctorve, eh?
You need the NFB car!
Girl...
It was slapn and I got cut..im pissed about that..i swear it was some bs when I walked in...
Praying that people become more conscious of how precious our water is and how we need to work together so that everyone has what they need.
Omg unblocked Internet!
Babee!
Yeah ill come this week or sum:
the thing about that though...I already knew that....
I'm from Germany but I live in Newport News
Always sunny in Philly
Apparently, I'm now doing Pinterest.
havent had it.
May have to pick that up
Told my students to not depend on their teachers ...
to depend on themselves, long term.
I'm so happy that I was able to see my Jeannie and my Sharhonda today!
Great I have a coupon :
i make the best french toast :3 3
Japanese rock bands?????3
just looked way past gay
Did something to make ME happy, just once, and now I'm getting punished for it.
This is why people pleasers never change.
Kicking off PCUS day 2 at Looking forward to a wide range of 4professort discussions inc.
mobile, retention,  student success!
Our staff is going to the live show in Richmond tonight.
Join us there, or in the other gazillion places it's showing
RT : A government open source software foundation is proposed!
Woot!
get at me dude, got somethin cookin...
Eh, in my opinion the the NHL needs to take a page from the NBA / NFL  do more to protect stars.
never mind  he put the fork in the doctorp box oO
Grab 16 worth of Armistice merch for 10!
Grab a tshirt and get a bunch of stuff free!
www.armisticemerch.bigcartel.com Thank you guys!
hehe...
I recently had to replace my commuter bag due to about ten years of that.
me either!
:
San Antonio: Today and tomorrow AM patchy doctorzzle, otherwise m/cloudy and breezy.
Today: AM doctorzzle, M/cloudy and breezy, high 84.
Good call, doctorw.
Happy birthday !!!
lmao im cough cough big daddie
Frozen gyoza win.
Merrrp, i guess i should go to sleep.
Stupid FCAT.
is fake.
is the real thing.
Holla at Me Boys!
Eating at da Malt House!!
I think I really need to tweet moree...
Regular patron said reason they came to our lib  not one 5 miles down road was our friendly, smart staff.
I can give you the  of my homeopathic doctor in Redmond: No stomach aches are allowed this summer, except from rollercoasters!
Planning on attending ?
We have some exciting new projects to show off!
Will we be seeing you on May 7th?
Let us know today!
Live and let live
I wish I could just have one day where I don't have to worry about anything and just have fun.
I want to thank everyone for coming out to the 1000StrongforTrayvonMartin rally at Goulds Park.We had over 2000 supporters in attendance!
Yes the Rams won!
Elite 8!
:
I heard u on Youtube  loved it.
Do u have contact info I can have to reach out?
Would like to further discuss your career!
Oh good call!
for an hour
The LAPD collected 1,673 firearms this weekend during the city's gun buyback program, according to Mayor 's office.
I think Davis and Jones r gone 4 sure MKG lamb and Teague I'm not so sure of
ohi'm so sorry
I 3 that we have 2 warehouses ...
From Cali to Kansas :
Got yelled at by guys while I was pumping gas...
Yeah cuz yelling skeet skeet gets all the girls
get in shape.
Need a pass rusher
That's what you get when you let your heart win.
Happy Birthday to my main man JESUS !
I don't know what'd I do without my strong beliefs in you 
Is very content with going to see a live play tonight instead of watching the Oscars!
Big thanks to the entire cast of NYC.
You were all just magnificent today!
I couldn't have been prouder!
Thank you : I hope to get out on the patio more this summer :
3 Mo Dayz Till Boy In Detention doctorp!.
Cant Wait!.
Lbs
LOL!
Glad you rested up for round 2!
RT : had me sleep in til noon..felt great tho!
Bak  it tonight
I've got a song in my head.
Of course, it's a Chris Rock song.
PROBABLY shouldn't sing it at work.
Im that one chic who got it bad eit adding smiley an sad faces after all of my phrases....lol
Met the nicest lady on flight one out of SGF.
Doris was so kind.
Wishing her best of luck with new SGF church groundbreaking in August.
37.5 hours and counting....oh, yeah, and 8 more pages to write....can't wait for this semester to end.
lol shut up
Who has updated their background to work with the NewTwitter?
Like a good neighbor, Statefarm is there with the world's smallest violin and a binky for Heat fans.
definitely going to the flash mob!
I am so freakin excited :D
Hey Atl Go see Hooded Fang tommorow Awesome Band!
so anyways, when I was and walking home from school and made a wrong turn...
raised 900.
I'm stoked.
We were at the press pit for foster the people.
they were insane.
barely got out alive!
Cool!
Thanks for letting me know.
i thought jon was exaggerating about it blocking people as an excuse to block people.
it really does.

im hungry...
oh yeah attitude fashoo
I think it's time for a haircut, just saying.
I mean a true fan would be open to you about everything its time for a haircut
Hey David, Twitter just informed me that you/your tweet account was saying real bad things about me.
Hacker or you?
Thanks.
Great authors I follow..., , get a lot from their Tweets and insights into
Third spam I've received in the past 24 hours from friends who work for zynga wanting me to try this game or that
Interesting, why Malcolm?
JustCurious...RT : Malcolm X
or they're putting on a show for the viewers.
5borobash heading to 5borobash you guys still at murphys?
Hola Mi Amigo!!
Oh Okay :
asian food from saturday night is just now entering my body.
so.
ima go vomit in a few minutes bye.
I wanna be like Edna when I grow up.
Suffice it to say: when I'm sitting on stage in my tux, I am not the least bit offended by an audience member wearing jeans.
Brotherhood of the traveling breifs.....
Interesting live tweeting of debate with Gail Dines and from from earlier today
Haters come with painted faces trying to clown on me knowing they are under me trying to talk down on me,
and what i got is the feelin im always in a doctoram..
i was born, then i blinked and i was seventeen
Took a breastfeeding class Mon.
Teacher told us we should cheer baby's poopy diapers to build self esteem.
She's the 1 we should protest.
Bitch please.
My straightner is hotter than you.
List is finished for this year but I can add those to next year's considerations.
Class Connect is cool.
naw I'm not, I'm just going w.
the winning team lol.
It gets more far fetched as the series progresses, almost to the point of ridiculous.
I liked Jack :
that's not a problem!
Who ACTUALLY doctorps deucage in a portopotty??
The universe was on my side today.
Thanks dude.
DeJesus can do it all...
grand slam and amazing catch in the 7th!
so true.
then there's sales guy in the head who can't pass up the opportunity to take just one more call.
yes but i don't know a lot about it I'm still learning
Yes, I do.
I don't buy that highered isn't compulsory these daysprereq for social mobility.
I appreciate that.
send videos :p
was poppin bra
I know it's the anticool, but I still love, love, love Rollin' With Kid n' Play.
Gets me going in the morning ...
I knew my pastor tweeps would have some experience with this.
I should have asked 24 hours earlier.
Thanks
Whats up man?
I really like that track!
One more Monday left of school.
getting a block 1/2 TV width x 3 of stuck frozen noise pixels in upper left of TV.
HD/SD/DVR  but not TV xbox is fine.
I just lost
Bitches gonna bitch.
Fiinalllyy home from LA ;D
I want a nose job so bad!!
:
I was ready before being ready was cool.
Almost done with my Johnson / Rasselas presentation: going through the slides with portraits and getting the eyes all on one line.
Waiting for my burger...
This bed feels too good right now
We are here at remaxR4 ready for the morning classes to get underway and for another wonderful day with the family.
fine with mee.
Oh geez, strange brew is on the netflix.
My night is planned.
Twitter is back!!!!
Where did you go??
I wish was like, downstairs in my building.
When I say a lot of people tweetin about the game tonight whatimisterallysaying is stop tweetin about the game, we got eyes!
39,002 crowd at the XBox Pitch at CenturyLink Field.
Not bad on a Wednesday night.
Check out the fan page to win tickets for an Honeymoon!
Wow.
Didn't expect that, honestly.
Scientists found new fault line running under Washington DC.
Named it Bush's Fault!
Whoa, she's feeding me cod liver oil.
Guess I'm getting the complete grandma experience.
oh yeah!
haha ;D
Happy Pesach!
All can observe a time of spring cleaning internal and external.
What do you Need, what do you Like and What is Excess?
Did I retweet when I meant to reply?
Yes, I did!
But what I really wanted to do is say THANKS!
See you next week.
Ending the night with a smile on my face.
:
Rumor has it....
GEN George S.
Patton Jr
Dick Clark is gone???
I really can't imagine the 1800's without him!
I can bring you the Houston: It's Worth It book if you let me know where to doctorp it off.
Fast  furious
You too Dot!
It is absolutely gorgeous out today, sunny and warm weather!
How about there?
Walked into 's party and a gent stuck his hand out: !
he yelled.
Yes!
I should've said
Hahaha damn right!
I just love food....
I'm recovering fat kid : lol
Brew City Bombshells return tonight for another night of dancing, music and glitter!
Show starts at 10pm, tickets 10 or 7 in costume
His body has not caught up
Thanks for the follow guys!!!
fantastic!!!
Keep on flyin'!!!
Its great to see that so many of you are coming in to improve your wellness.
Why is massage therapy important to you?
A chance of rain in palmsprings.
Where am I, back in
Ah I dnt want to wake up at 4am tomorrow
Cleaning up
OH HELL YEAH.
We always do.
That last one is one of the coolest pictures I've ever seen.
a happy woman is magnetic : so blessed
Given the advise  consult mission of this meeting, wondering how to expose twitter stream that I suspect is hidden to many
i wont stop until i prove myself and Redeem myself !!!!!!
IAmTheCHAMPION !!
LOL
RIP WHITNEY HOUSTON 3
i cany do nothing george lopez voice
Hey Seattle!
We are offering a FREE 15 minute Acupuncture consultation for anyone who checks in on Foursquare, stop by today to schedule :
great photo!
love the clouds!
Tonight we're hangin' with live from Studio 10.
Yea boy!
Can finally see the thumbnail photos on TweetDeck.
What caused this glorious change?
Using the same computer....?
So excited to announce the launch of Renee Rhyner  Co SHOP.Amazing photos,posters,books and more bit.ly/w2cPd1
Our culture peculiarly honors the act of blaming, which it takes as the sign of virtue and intellect.
Lionel Trilling
Apparently an Ice Cream ad I did a few yrs ago is up in Canada.
If anybody happens to see it, please tweet a pic of it!
: thank you
Oh Amy Winehouse 3 I love you.
Different types of wine are paired with different chocolates such as dark, semisweet, bitter, milk and white chocolate
Effective key words, subject lines, onpage and long tail content  what the search engine is looking for.
Watching the Marquette v Murray St game.
The venue in Louisville is the KFC Yum!
Center.
Seriously?
beach day in puerto rico?
Oh my, those eyes.
Probably.
I need to read up on it, but seriously the bees dying is one of the animal issues that makes me worry.
Phillip Phillips is the sign of the downfall of American society.
I'm feeling lucky.
noo i havent got it switched yet :
Antiques, Art  Collectibles since 1957.
In Whittier, CA Awesome stuff and a Rhino head for the Kitchen!!!
Happy Birthday love!!!!
Hope it's wonderful!
u won't have to save me one when I'll be there eating them!!!
thanks for the follow guys!
Anybody wanna play a game?
QA for a follow back?
QA for a shoutout?
Is there a way to BLOCK someone on Instagram ????
I must know.
It's blocking time.
well I'm available if u need me let me know

495DENIM SOFA,SECTIONALS,DINING TABLES,BEdoctorOM SETS, UNCREDIBEL PRICES..
HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
10 News will be at our Hillcrest branch tomorrow at 11am
Do you think you can order Olive Garden togo?
I want overpriced, mediocre Italian food.
But I hate feeling like family with strangers.
NewYear  1 The Right to Act in Ways that Promote Your Dignity  Self Respect as Long as Others Rights are not violated in the Process!
So many posers at this school
One thing I did notice was that I have no interest in seeing any of the films previewed before TheAvengers, not even Bats or Spidey.
Sunday cleaning and writing before Marley and Thrones.
Please stay forever and don't end, Sunday.
Thanks!
I have a multiweek campaign running.
Trying some engagement techniques...
Like a cut down tree grows new sprouts from the buried roots, our American roots are deeper than the little sprouts showing
WOW!
Hafner Smoked that ball!!!
All tied up!
Absolutely weeing trying to have a conversation with my deaf grandad!
Guys, if you see any articles or posts supporting Shumpert, Faried, etc for ROY, send them my way.
In moderation:/
I thought the Muppets was very funny.
Not what I expected.
it's time...
for the percolator
The gym didnt work so good for me today.
But I made myself get in an hour cuz fat  happy isn't working' for me either.
After a long Faculty Board meeting this afternoon, The Shins' new album is the perfect chaser.
This is how we're getting to our goal!
: take over the top/45 more followers means 75K City O PDX fund 2 put...
I love money but unlike most, I gues, I love when it comes from my own wallet.
R.I.P.
Dick Clark
19 days till the start of the most Amazing Year!!!
Interview: Silent House Directors on Elizabeth Olsen  the OneShot Controversy via
Then foolish I am..
coming from the guy who thought Roethlisberger was a bust, but thats a diff story for another time
I got irritated when this girl asked me what 240120 120 was .
....
what about AJ2?
AJsquared
So proud of you baby girl!!
Meals are more enjoyable when you make it yourself.
Homemade fried rice ftw!
Graduation gift to myself  preordering Valtari on vinyl with beautiful artwork.
Woke up late , and I look a mess .
This monday is already not working out .
Anyone out there using google ?
I can't wait to check it outLove social networking!
s beard kills 99.1 of germs.
The other,1 is submitted to cleaning and grooming his beard.
RT : dearfuturehusband I love good sex it comes wen u look in the right places hinthint lol
Smoke so much good I don't even have a bad side
I'm an eagle scout I'm always prepared ;
machine gun Most popular Airsoft Machine Gun auctions !
the one by my house
Cenar un hot dog one Malteada watch TV and going to sleep Tomorrow school in the afternoon my father of new in the house yeaha what day
LOVE it!
RT : You will be in my gift guide for RT : Welcome !
We love working w/ you!
stop treating these hoes like ladies ,  stop treating these ladies like hoes !
One day I'm gonna make the worlds biggest cake.
And I'll be real greedy ain't NO ONE Can get a piece but me and I'm special
Have your dad call our front office in the morning!
5854232900.
Thank you so much for all you great hard work!
Thanks for being a great Bronco you will truly be missed.
God Bless.
Those increases altogether is how many hours would that give to a library, hours at pool,  of sidewalk repairs  so forth?
I do NOT like pulp.
Under ANY circumstances.
Cops: Woman faked pregnancy, beat mom with tire iron to steal baby  WBTV
Hey look!
Its : EVERYONES best friend :D
great advice!
it's amazing what you learn about the professorssion and YOURSELF in those!
They might have more  for their shaming campaigns but there are more of us!
We just need to get involved in the discussion!
Thanks Bubba!
Ask and ye shall receive.
: See you at Mullens!
LOL I told jess I head that place is good but she won't trust sushi off of 4th ave ;
Thank you.
Am I the only one not watching the Golden Globes?
I've probably watched 10 eps of HIMYM today...
Man, I need to leave the house.
HAPPY BD!!
Have a wonderful day!
Re: Cybertut  wish we could get that sort of cool stuff here, but St.
Louis is decidedly paleoIndian  1904 World's Fair.
TruTV RT : what sd channel is the game on!?
Tank top/flip flop weather!
finally!
Sprint became 30min for me.
My 3 yr old needed lunch.
Back  it ASAP!
love your work!
It took a special request but are actually playing DMB.
My lucky day!
I live outside of Baltimore as in Maryland.
But that's okay I am still a big fan.
333
just think what we could do if we were working together again.
Oh the possibilities.
I'm sorry but ew.
I love when my friends send me a pic of someone looking ugly haha.
Makes me feel good.
:
Serious withdoctorwals right now!!
haha Hang out soon PLEASE!!!!!
xx
Art without or javi
hey studs.
Nba playoffs tonight
Pattison!
no N!
you are thinking of vampire boyfriends
cool.
And no party in atl.
Just one, may 12th here :
Lucky you huge sigh of relief!
This is a test tweet.
Please ignore.
livegive i have never used curlers cause i dont know how to use them!
For one im not that smart i need somethin simple!
lol
Nice to meet you yesterday Sara!
Still can't get over 12,000 words in a day!
Can't wait to check it out!!
miss you too
Big thanks to all the Red Space goers who attended last night!
It was a great opening.
And still ain't finished .
Gettin' my hair did....
Then finding as I'm thinking FreeConeDay is an excellent lunching idea.
I wish I could watch every sponge bob square pants episode right now.
Girl you got that bomb
FF love to Team BS Come back to Massachusetts soon!
One flat foot on the devils wing  Rob Zombie
If it meant that I could take a nap, I would totally get into a fist fight with Hillary Swank circa Million Dollar Baby
its goin to be impossible to get Free marco  trending
I Beet Right Now Texting Her Saying The Same Shit You Told Me , But Idc Cause I Heard It First
who thinks we should just doctorp the song already?
Follow back?Please?It would make my day if you did!
Huge fan..PLEASE!!!
Hope you had a lovely Birthday!
Damn Rangers go up 10 on Washington
Sitting on the Beach Never Gets Old...BeachLife ....
Please Please Please ask THOUSAND TIMES Follow me Answer me or I love you too Believe Love you my lovee!!!!!!
is zayn on your account?
lololol
Postin back on da block again.
If you've received a strange barrage of email from us this p.m., MANY apologies.
Server/tech issues beyond our control.
Working on it!
Feeling the effects of 28 hrs of work over a two day span!
Welcome to mgmt during inventory week!
Three arrests last night, but still not as bad as I thought it was going to be.
Sleep, wake up, long cycle and TRX, then diner out w/ Lynda
wondering if it's possible to sustain the frequency of blogging that I've done for the past week.
between the 2, yes.
I told ya at lunch you should PR your stuff there too.
here comes a 3 run dinger.
Royalty Im ready fro your interview on my show CHOP SHOP RADIO...WWW.CHOPSHOPSA.COM
: is there a system problem today?
Unable to add any sections to a new proposal.
your tweet made me do an Irish car bomb.
Thanks.
I don't want to leave you with the wrong impression; I'm glad our national pastime is baseball instead of the caber toss.
sweet!
See you then!
Tonight is preschool graduation.
26 students from our preschool program will be moving on to elementaryschool.
Congratulations!
All is ready for next Satudays openings.
Reynolds John Deere just delivered the diesel gator that is used for set up and tear down
Van Jones, liberal activist and former White House Green Jobs special advisor, to host GOTV festival in Milwaukee's Washington Park on Sat.
Pretty sure the movie JohnCarter is based on a true story
:Definition of stupid: Knowing the truth, seeing the truth, but still believing the lies.
I have to deal with a person like this
Oh yeah, im sure after a week that boy loves you for your personality.
Now pull up your shirt sweetheat, your personalities are showing.
I'm visiting Sewanee in Tennessee tomorrow, and hopefully Wesleyan in CT in a couple of weeks.
But my 1 is Georgetown
You're a genius!
Thank you, Cooper!
Is every going to possibly be on GossipGirl?!?!
Thatd be so cool!
Have gossip girl finally be revealed  take back her spot
your website isn't working?
sounds like a plan to me  DM me with info and I will contact you.
Sad!!
Memphis could have stepped up better??
Can you follow me?
:
Just fell a little bit in love with 's maps of historical photos
No, he's not dead.
Can't be.
He hit him with a stick.
good story but wish you went deeper into MM's preliminary hearing testimony where he said he did NOT get into details with Joe
haha what an original excuse oO it's on my Facebook page silly!
Well let's get you there!
Lol
Omni Royal New Orleans will start extensive renovations as of May 15th, 2012
2 schools of thought: Bring me a GinAnd7.
Do it
Follow this dude !
As I waited my turn to be rescued.
I laid my head down in my hands.
I wondered the fate of the women.
That we knew who did not have a man.
I shared my instagram pic and her instagram name and twitter handle are different lol
hey you!
happy friday!
Merry Christmas!!
A big thanks to those that have contributed to our cause!
Please continue to show your support  help bring music ed to atrisk youth!
Have you tried whole wheat pasta?
Hard to tell the diff.
RT : Q3 Would love for my family to eat more whole grains.
my son graduated from the Carlson School of Management at the University of Minnesota yesterday.
Congrats TJ !
I'm a proud papa...
awesome!
We hope you'll like it!
Ain't Nothing To Do...I Wish 9:55 Would Hurry Up !!!!
I'll still to my trusty ballpoint!
u don't olive in la
no NYC trip in there?
finna get ready n take some pictures for my mixtape cover
my culture is the way I dance!
Best show on TV RT Just turned on
ahahaha I couldn't remember who used it!
Why can't everything ever just balance?
The Knack My Sharona 45 played at 33rpm sounds like Nirvana's Bleach
thanks for live Tweeting from
Blasting wayne..
On my way to school
Where's the onion article about the Catholic Church 's prerecognition of Obama's Sainthood?
Where, I ask?
Have a great time!
:
bout to 08 Louie dis INSTRUMENTAL
Wish I could see it!
There's fog in Norfolk, VA RT : Supermoon is super awesome.
Ferris Bueller as an adult?
He actually changed his name a few years back to Kim Dotcom.
Hello chloe moretz reply to me please you are so cool and i think you are the best actress ever you will pasd up them all :
Lastly Investing pickup line from : Baby, you make my interest rates rise.
Thanks, entertaining stuff!
:
You were awesome in last night's episode, mister West.
As usual.
Why isn't it raining yet
We are based in NJ.
I just DM'd you.
Let me know if your interested.
I am partnering with others to produce an event for Autism.
Right on Thank you!!
RT I love your song Silly me !!
COME VISIT YOUR OHIO FANS!
HAVE A CONCERT!
PLEASEOHPLEASEOHPLEASE?!
I'll be your girlfriend, al day?
;
FF for great info and advice on presentations
I don't feel like going through my favorites looking for it.
is that commercial racist?
Salespeople can talk you into buying something you don't want, be firm.
I LOVE institutions with rational IRB policies!
Hey followers, our good friends are back on their twitter game!
Give 'em a follow and a listen, their sick.
3
Bus ride to Denver to practice.
Well I'm just gonna be riding the bike and doing abs unfortunately
Whoa hockey fights at my bros game, pretty entertaining
Proof that it's the Olympic Year...
solid meetings from 930a500p today.
wats up beautiful
That is my favorite song
Trying to listen to ALL of the songs by :
Right now we're only in NYC, but we'll be expanding to new cities in early 2012.
Where do you want us to launch next?
wasn't bad, but static.
I took little naps.
Nonviolent resistance, right?
According to , 43 percent of women work out with their hair down.
Wow...I always do a high bun.
How do you style yours?
This Jared ad with the guy proposing in coach is just too much.
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.
Mother Teresa
I appreciate what you do, but cant help but think you're ruining sports..
hits 270 likes on Facebook.Check out our blogs on the education system on our site.would love to hear you thoughts
No heroes.
Last game of the regular season...
Did you know Cupcake Jones has a party space?
It's perfect for cupcake decorating parties, tea parties, and bridal showers!
What would we include in an exhibit about our schools?
It was all fun and games at the Mexican restaurant until the baby started vomiting.
Repeatedly.
When life gives you lemonade doctornk it
Lots of happy nerd shout outs in Paul!
I loved the cantina band reference
He who is not very strong in memory should not meddle with lying.
Michel de Montaigne
Mojito bar for lunch and doctornks with Beautiful day, come out!
Work Harder !
Can't wait to watch our man in the AllStar game.
Good luck from the Siam Square crew!
thank u for voting!
Glad u liked it : 
Hey sorry I've been slacking...
allergies out of control lol
So happy that Austin now has 250k mahomies 3
Masaki Shibata from the National Diet Library in Japan is talking about the Fukushima disaster web archive.
My body's sleep schedule is way off!
I think I've turned into some kind of zombie!
I only report; you decide.
that's a very good point.
Why didn't someone take one for team, interfere, and get kicked out?
Did you enjoy the Christmas holiday, or are you feeling like you barely 'survived' it?
I saw a poster the other day and made a mental note.
I'm determined to go out after three weeks of being buried under papers.
Just let them hate cuz they don't matter!
Whew.
Long day of working on email newsletter.
Finished doctorft and scheduled to go out.
Shit just got real
or have fun with you?
I doctoram of a love that even time will lie down and be still for
Limitations of My Existance: I am physically incapable of not arguing about a lot of stuff sorry I'm not sorry
SRL racing series in Stockton today.
So many cars they can't fit us all in the pits.
Well said.
Agree 100 Athletes and SM Social Good is great and does a lot for marketability
Happy Birthday!!!
:D
I hate the term feeling it.
That's just a sorry excuse for taking a bad shot.
I don't care if you're a superstar or not.
I hope it's populated with talking kittens RT: NASA: The first true 'alien Earth' will likely be discovered in next 2 yrs
Does anyone knw what good bands will be at warped this year so far i hear NFG  TBS
More Sex Please Niall Horan ;
Morning run, yoga and a skinny iced cappuccino from
seriously we need to food out who's telling her all this stuff!
Oh man!
Back to the doctorwing board ; : Why do men use pictures with babies, puppies and orphans as a lame attempt to get laid..
It's 2:56am and i can't sleep :
Thank you!
; RT : Happy Mother's Day
I think Wacko and Dot are missing Yako, they have been noisey all morning.
Poor Yako died yesterday, down to 2 toads in the house :
going 1 MPH on 495 and can't decide what's better DC 101.1 or 105.9
Anyone need a website?....Anyone need Headshots?
Hit me up.
very odd.
Unsettling.
But despite the violence, I loved slow mo elevator scene.
Watching Torch Song Trilogy and my heart is breaking.
I can't believe my sister is 20 today dang.
timeflys!
I'm all better now!!
Pittsburgh's DeVaughn Robinson placed 3rd in 2011 National August Wilson Monologue Competition  Broadway's August Wilson Theater in NYC
catching up on dvr'd shows Mad Men Shameless Game of Thrones and 30 Rock.
No more amazon shopping.
Awesome!
Glad you enjoyed 'em.
omg ur eyes r beautiful
hey ill buy it from you for 20
State of the Union, or reelection campaign?
Peanut butter and chocolatebest combo ever
Genius is divine perseverance.
Genius I cannot claim nor even extra brightness but perseverance all can have.
Woodoctorw Wilson
podcast tokyo calling calls and I listen to Tokyo sounds.
I like the way his editor does a slow fadeout of Scott's rambling talk.
IDidntTextYouBack because you hit on me while I have a boyfriend.
Can u follow plz
bruh I'm so sorry!
Lol I forgot too.
I'm off tmister I'll get you.
You live in Garfield hts right?
I'm going to beechwood its otw
the most effective leaders are those for which leadership is a way of being.
Ambassador Joseph.
brutal.
Travel Safe!
Whole fam?
Have u done Disney yet with the kids?
What screws us up most in life is our picture in our head of how it's supposed to be.
: Parenthood has been picked up for another season!!!
Thank you NBC!!
this totally just made my day!!
:D
Yeah, Facebook's down again...
You will see what this TheEmpire sht about on the 27th....
I'm goin Ham on dey as
Saturday mornings suck.
Waffle house is PACKED.
sounds a little less patriotic and a bit more comisterde to me, but thanks?
I lost the bet...
I bet Dillion a cookie that he couldnt get my phone tonight...
Lmao
I still love you...
Jesus  those lazers  no more problems EVER.
This bus doctorver is mean 
Coach Scott really does talk about good stuff of we would just listen
good observation.
It's a Corruthers.
When in Chicago, you need to do as Chicagoans do!
my period hurrrrrtsssss :
What specials should I look for tonight ?
very very nice!!
Had a great birthday yesterday despite the cold and stress!
Thanks to for making it xtra awesome.
A girl can be your best friend, wife, worst enemy, or worst nightmare.
It just depends on how you treat her.
Tonight lights will be dimmed across North Korea to honor Great Leader...and because the power is unreliable and they do that every night.

All These Birthday Text  Calls Starting To Annoy Me .
.
i Dont Think I'll Be Going To Sleep Any Time Soon .
When people say they''re handsome and you're like WTF?!
love you so much we're going to play in Dayton on our tour in December :
and what do those voices tell you to do?
my pleasure
: Translation?
RT : me quiero ir de natación.lol......I wanna go swimming
How to lose weight is a journey and there are many approaches
Can't wait 4 Open Tech Forum Jun2ndspeakrs inc Mark Landoncofounder StudyAbroad.comCome pick their brains
Come to the official after party tonight after the Grizzlies game!
Grizz girls will be there, no cover!
Stress relief, lowers blood pressure and improves posture and circulation!
Come out today and take a go kart for a race!
Spend a few hours watching SKINS and you end up with a british accept.
Cheers.
i'll pass on tai chi but will gladly take a chai tea.
do you?!!
Lol Im so ready for summer!
The lake sounds soo good right now
Treat me like a joke, ill leave you like it's funny
RT : April is National Child Abuse Prevention Month: Please Join me in Raising Awareness.Donate a tweet...
Seriously such in a bad mood.
Everyone can piss off
My name is Steven and I am a procrastinator.
I know honesty is a tough cookie.
But when you get it, you should be thankful.
But I understand what you are saying.
Tks 4 rply.
me too!
almost home.
can't wait.
Happy Birthday Justin
Another year and still isn't nominated for the Rock  Roll Hall of Fame.
Took a pill to make sure I sleep through the night.
Let's hope it works.
Nighty night
Well my music will gve you eargasms go listen and you might get a turtle!
2011musictaughtme that shit can make you a millionaire
thanks  high praise coming from a comedian!
hell yeah!!
Cancers a btch anyway
is the BOM!
What a smart, doctorven, awesome lady!!
much appreciated broseph
Me and my ni99a got some of the Turnt Up music out right now!
And yeah i said that.
Another fantastic PD event at the ohiogoesgoogle conference.
Great sessions, networking and tech talk.
In the end, a person is only known by the impact he or she has on others The Book 'The Ultimate Gift', Jim Stovall
Is it tomorrow yet?
At a conversation series w/ metal group slipknot at
I like what the historic pres dept did
Smiling at the computer screen like a complete idiot because someone said something really sweet.
Found coffeelots.
All is right with the world!
I'm writing to YA novels.
About four Teens on Everest and one about a teen and her family living at a Renaissance Fair.
I totally would have said you but it's been MOBBED lately!
A good problem to have.
I blame the French toast!
Thanks so much!!!
So much good on the horizon coming!
Xbox time
what time period would you go to if you had a time machine?;
Starting the preparations for classes back.
I bought my materials and tomorrow I have to get up very early.
Arrrg.
Worst is when they show hella good food and all you can eat is a sandwich lol RT torturing yourself by watching food network when
hi, this is an awesome app that lets you know when your friends are nearby.

About to play the kinect
..hadn't yet made an album that captainred their live set's bootscooting, bluesbelting stringband revivalist verveuntil now.
Having a fantastic time at MLA2011.
Stop by our booth for a special conference discount on books
love you too mama 3
Fit Fact: Forget fried.
Limit your fried goods and switch it up for blackened, roasted or baked.
you have some weird ass doctorams
That same thing happened to me, this kid had leopard print shoes on with golden studs all over them and red shoe laces lmao
Great to hear.
Been following your seminar locations.
Going well, working on a Congressional Campaign in Chicago!
u poor thing...living with me is torture!
; healthy, but brutal!
3
Now Playing  How to Love by Lil Wayne
does any1 no who the hell sevage garden is?
So Bieber would be in times square too.
Geez, there will be so many girls over there.
God, why it's Bieber?!
Not Selena gomez?!
Lol
Merry Christmas to you and yours also!
Enjoying the Australian Open down here in Melbourne!!
In thy case, we will just work on his timing!
He always does it at the worst time!
On another note, Harvey is so cute!
You a jokester huh?
Perhaps a good day to watch Let it Ride
Everyone go see For All Those Sleeping, Adestria, Even Cameras Lie, In Fear And Faith, and Casino Madoctord tonight at the door in Dallas :
finally steppin up and makin a twitter
Pedagogy session at THATCampVA promotes
If you're a business in the Dallas Metro area we want to hear about you!
Tweet us what you do and a link to your site / blog if you have one
I will give you a pet porcupine just out of generosity :3
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Micah Landwermeyer on the 14U team for joining us in our 2012 sand program.
My body hurts.
:
Love Forver., Love Is Free., Lets Turn Forever., You And Me.
Windmill Windmill For The Land.
Is Everybody In.?
3
Achieving the Exit with Michael Gilman amp; Stromedix  Private Equity Hub
Loving Chef Adam !!
when?
:o
Is...
or was?
Age 35 is cutoff for 99.9 of QBs in SB era.
Throw in injury, year off, new team, no dome, Tebow factor.
She loves u now but as u push ha away that love falls keep pushing and one day sh gone be gone
yeah I will, hold on..gotta do these numbers haha:p
Two great gigs this weekend with a client meeting to end it on today.
What a great April!
83 people at tonight's WMM workshop.
Eat your heart out Coldplay
Aw, sorry B.
I will ask around.
Obama launches reelection bid  New York Daily News
IM a True BELIEBER Love ya :D
I understand you boo RT : NOBODY UNDERSTANDS ME
I love the south.
It's 73 and sunny in the middle of February.
:D
The highways jammed with broken heroes on a last chance power doctorve.
Everybody's out on the run tonight but there's no place left to hide.
I think At least it wasn't incest is my new comforting line for most everything.
Thanks!
cake cake cake cake cake cake
and there is a ray of heaven shining down on it!
glad you're back on the beer scene Jesse!
time to break out my mad bracketology
RT : So great!
s brilliant monologue on the most astounding fact about the universe, adapted into a comic...
Follow me please!
I'm great simpsonizer!
143 so much!
Never change, your voice is amazing :3 .
Follow me :3 follow me30
Played with Swift Tongues Saturday night at Hard Rock in Seattle.
I love meeting new industry heads.
some of my stats are gone.
Example: I've killed many baddies but starting with my 1st kill.
How do I clear cache?
I'll call u.
And thanks to for putting on a great show and for talking with us afterwards.
It was great meeting you!
Hope to see you again!
It's here, BUNCO night at 9920 Fun, Food and Laughter!!!
The 2nd Friday of the month  7:00 pm.
Ha!
RT : There is way too much haiku  not enough cow bell on Twitter lately
Went bed late n up early
yea, i want somebody else to play sam..
but oh well
Other half went to sleep for the night and im still up...ugh!!
You know you eat alot if yo win a eating contest against haha i soo would i eat wayy to much not god!!!:p
I don't even know what the administration's current slate of proposals to improve economic performance in the short run is right now.
what the hell was i thinking
thank you so much!
great to be here 
A lot of holiday magic happening downtown....I could have sworn I saw some elves.
Well, I got alot done tonight, very productive.
I even made a few customers happy :D Going home for now
Big Projects in motion from N.O.D.
Ent.
stay tuned!
www.nevaoutdoneent.com
RT This tues night we are having a QA, this is always a lot of fun!!
We would love to see you at // can't wait!!!
dude how is TTT2 coming along?
Release anytime soon?
Big fan of Tekken btw been follomwing since Tekken 1 : you rock!
I study  I take the test  I pass it  I forget what I learned..
The intelligent actor will work through the preparation of a character differently every time, depending on circumstances....
RT : I love the rain!
Don't you?
I think I'll doctorve more slowly so all of us can stay out in the rain longer!
everyone in DC
The Gigs will be playing with Mss.
at next Tuesday...tell yr friends...opening for Magik Markers.
Gonna be dope.
So many sirens in East Hollywood tonight.
A little smoke and it'd be just like 20 years ago at Adams/Vermont.
I was mere feet away from my doctorss and couldn't take it home!!!
ChuckNorris built Rome in a day.
We'll look into it right away.
How long has it been going on?
Im all up under him like its cold
Praise with elation, praise every morning, God's recreation of the new day!
Eleanor Farjeon
awesome, thanks!
cool I alwayz wanted 2 go there
Paranormal Activity, u know hes special
Our CEO, , is going to call the lucky winner re: the 500 prize.
More details soon!
Some people.
Need to get this book love for dummys
RT : Who is watching USF vs.
Cinn?
Roc Jeff Anderson is officiating the game!!
Hoping he does better than previous game :
Yes sir!!
And Dallas is down 30!
Good night tonight!
Anyone has ever compile the cheesiest professorle bios on Twitter?
e.g.
I aim for the stars but family keeps me grounded kind of thing.
yo did cliff tell you we suppose to be goin to columbia dis weakeand to get tatted
he's coming to kberrggg wedd?!?!
Watching 4 episodes of LO:SVU on a school night?!
Browns won!
Enter promocode, BROWNS25 at check out and RECEIVE 25 OFF YOUR ENTIRE ORDER!
Go Brownies!!
www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
today I try to figure out how to create  change location codes for our ILS.
dont be a cry baby
lol oh okay
Pretty scared right now
It's a beautiful thing to pick who's allowed into your life.
Doh!
This is what happens when I'm behind.
Should've known would be on it!
Much thanks to all themusiccity supporters!
We are working to have new content up soon.
Good morning!!
Up early for morning show, watch from 67 for Luvabulls
Whose worse Charlotte Bobcats or Minnesota Twins?
What is this bullshit about this morning?
You not swaying anyone.
Mitt is dead, Bush or Rubio, or Portman, etc.
Today is sleepy Saturday.
So If I don't get my account back soon, I am reporting you to the hacker place, also to the police
GONNA GO KICK IT WITH and at BROADWAY BAR for MARGARITA MONDAY !!
1 MARGS ALL NIGHT !!
YEAHH BUDDY !!
Maybe this is just my inner diva speaking but mister Schuester was so not fair to Rachel in the beginning...
or even the 2nd season.
We need some good Brewer Songs.
The Packers get some great songs now we some for the
Brackets in...I have North Carolina v Kentucky in the final..w//Florida State a team to watch..
Thanks to for selecting us in your poster session for our cloud based machinelearning system!
We are happy to share that Kristen Mahoney, ED for MD GOCCP and President of NCJA BOD, has been named Deputy Director for Policy at BJA.
I'm looking for great online exhibits but I'll settle for good
Follow us on Tweeter
best tweet to wake up to EVER!!
:D RT : Curve's the word, spin's the verb.
Wish Stonehill wasn't so much money because then I would definitely be going there  not have such a hard decision to make..
No, I'm going home to watch Community  Me, if anyone asks if I'm going to the big TFF party tonight.
Also I wasn't invited.
Your Twitter account both disgusts and delights me.
Unlike my beloved green line, which just scares me.
writer?
Musician?
thank you I'm appreciative
That little girl  her daddy are so cute !!
Aw
There's a lot more general silliness displayed when the Tigers are winning!
Playing tonight at Beer Geeks in Highland, IN w/ Pistol Pete.
Looks like the aftershow beer is a necessity here.
Alaska new law: benefits claim for week of partial unemployment can't be filed later than 7 days after claimant receives the week's wages
Everyone can c it,but him.He doesnt understand how bad it hurts when people say we'd b cute 2gether or ask if were dating I have 2 say no..
If you want to hold it at the convention center, let us know when you have details so that we can submit a room request.
send her this way and I can make her doctorams come true....lol
Woohoo!
We can't wait to celebrate volunteer heroes!
Thanks for the shout out.
Why oh why is it raining cats and dogs?!
Thanks for the mention!
Have a great weekend!
Wine on Sun is so appropriate!
Vikings one yes vote away from new stadium
Loud and clear
And yes, I did add a few showers for Saturday.
:
low key eve my ass!!!
the only time I've had Yuengling was when I was in PA.
Pretty interesting they have more share than beers with wider distribution.
The Vectors Workshop may cancel today without someone getting on the coffee situation.
Do you have a website?
google 'mike d remix'
wow a lot of trees are down in my backyard thanks to Hurricane Irene :/
fitting...
Sort of :
good morning twitter!
RejectedPromThemes Win a Date With Mark Sanchez
I couldn't agree more!
What happened to this week that it's already followfriday?!
Hope you at least have a good weekend!
One more month and I'm moving : YAY!
What's the new gig?
the spurs played a sorry ass jazz team!
Who is even on the jazz?
Today is a huge day for me!!
Beyond stoked!
Stay tuned for news!!
:D
Money does not make the world go 'round.
Physics' got that covered.
But it prolly will be the reason it stops.
We've got that covered.
If you board the wrong train, it is no use running along the corridor in the other direction.
D.
Bonhoeffer
Thanks for tweeting!
Cant wait to see your official video for KONY2012 StopAtNothing Please help make a difference!:
Bye!
Bye!
China.
Reading and doctorving to San Marcos
the gloom did burn off!
woohoo!
I thought he broke the record for position players.
Feeling good wfamily!!
Help ensure no one faces breast cancer alone  Join us at our Corporate Breakfast  11/5/09  8 a.m.
the Daniels Fund.
Call 3033005158
me either
New quote from a client: RealPractice/ReplyWise does a superb job designing a website and doing web marketing at a very reasonable cost.
My class runs 45:15, so that's perfect.
I think we'll use FresnoDLD.
We'll be talking about Louise Rosenblatt and literature
Mom just saw this...
Compassion may be the radicalism of our time, but my ultimate goal in life is to never allow it to be the radicalism of mine.
you getting fucked up aint you.!
Finally started Mad Men.
Two eps in and it hasn't really grabbed me.
I get it, the 60s sure were sexist.
Melbourne WriterActorProducer and creator of multiaward winning US comedy series, Vegan 101.
Would love 2 work w/ u.
Lls wake his ass up!!!
J/p zay over here doin da same thing!
I'm good u kno I be actin if shit dnt go my way!!!!
no, I hacked it ;
im supa thirsty....
He don't want you and NEVER will so bitch get over it..
Working a Greek wedding....
I really hate traditional Greek music.
Ugh such a headach.
made an avatar on the slap THAT SITE SUCKS I THOUGHT IT WAS GOING TO BE AN AMAZING BETTER VERSION OF TWITTER!!!
but no : IM MAKING A SITE
hi I'm a big fan can u please pleas follow me or tweet me back please it will de amazing and wonderful please :
huh babe!?
Dear Mondays, I fuckin' hate you.
Sincerely: Everybody
If youve got a case of the Mondays, price beef burgers  Happy Hour from 47 would be just the thing to lift your spirits, see ya there!
FF One of our top guys!
Dallas Cowboy RT
That awkward moment when finds out the guy she likes likes one her bandmates in Call Me Maybe.
Mac.Lingo: BE ROYAL IN YUR OWN FASHION; ACT LIKE UH KING TUH BE TREATED LIKE ONE.!RealMaccinInEffect!!!SQUAD!!!
PARM FOLLOW HEARD!!!!
RT : you are cray.....can I get a PArM follow??
It's fun making an idiot of yourself :P
Last game of the regular season  join your fellow alumni
TruthIs Things aint the same no more...
I want a house in the city
Nobody's Perfect../3
Tres embarrassing yet concierge at the Devi Ghar seemed obliging!
Best told over MANY doctornks x
Where could we be collecting signatures this Sunday morning?
I guess I'll see you up there tomorrow dude!!
The weather has got work going by hell slow!
how's my song coming?
In need of xanax after watching mob wives last episode....like really so much yelling screaming and crying....love them but yikes!
WhatMakesMeSmile is when I see that my mom is in a happy mood
Wow I'm in love with
Hey, thanks for the mention!
Huge win for the Reds!!
Come up to tonight!!
I'll be up in the penthouse with my homie on the main level!!
Unleash niagra falls
I'm going to try to not get a passed.
Microsoft, LGE may hold talks on smartphones
I take you up, when you're feeling down I make you laugh 'cause I love the sound
Oh, parents forgot to doctorss you properly for practice, I totally understand ; I'm sorry!
IWouldDoAnythingFor concert tickets!
Yeah, that's just an unfortunate event.
Can't blame a guy for keeping in shape.
yankees v
On set of Monongahela shooting the diner scene  fantastic !
I LOVE Machine Head...they are too good.
And to think I didn't know of them a few years ago o.O
: stop by at sxsw and get some info for me if you have time!
trade show part starts tomorrow.
Will do.
This is the loudest thunder I've ever heard.
Hold on to nothing as fast as you can...
Thats why I supported Prop14, much 2 the chagrin of R  D partisans.
It gives everyone a choice :
your just hatinn cuz I can beat you upp!!
I admire your independence.
A little solo can go a long way.
Hope you find management that'll send you to Maine someday.
I love Adam!
Bangin' headache.
The sun is shining in my eyes.
doctorpes closed.
Hungover, must die.
If the brain were so simple that we could understand it, we would be so simple that we couldn't
Add heroin to any conversation to make it fun.
My brother doctornk my last half and half so I just declared war.
No snow here tonight : just strong winds and rain.
Bah.
Didn't get my snow day, so bummed.
Could've used it to catch up on outlines!!
Today was a bad full house episode.
There was a problem, someone whined, and then it was solved and everybody moves along.
The day of the move is upon us.
Best part about pulling an all nighter is catching all the Family Matters reruns on Nick at Night
Preds go up 2 on the Wings!
As my Uncle always says, I hate the Red Wings!
Hey did you hear about the Titanic Memorial Cruise for descendants of the passengers?
omh lunch was so funny
KU is still pretty fucking gay
Emergency Locksmith Services: 24hr Emergency Lockouts / Openings Automobile / Car Entry Digital Locks reprogramming Digital Locks repair /
what did you have in mind?
Pulp Fiction has to be my favorite movie besides Bad Boys 2,Harold and Kumar, Scarface, Casino, and Goodfellas.
As Pinterest grows, more and more brands attempt to find a use for it.
Do you think Pinterest will be an effective marketing tool?...
Patrick's yoga class at the Hollywood gym is the best!
Good find, you guys.
720 followers to go!
Let's get to 80K!
:
Can't watch Game of Thrones tomorrow nite.
Go Hornets!!
No way  I'm kris all the way.
He's got a funky misterz kinda beat!
And don't even say world peace or something crazy like that.
Did she just ask for more debates and opps to answer more questions???
I was just being observant lol
I don't need no relationshit!
awww why you got to be so darn sweet.
MAD love and respect.
Are we there yet??
My sewing machine arrived today!
What should I name it?
MEXICO LOVE YOU When you come back!!!
Think I should be able to get to the Berkshires tomorrow.
doctorading NY traffic
You're like a gay Yoda!
Sounds like a new week!
: Enough shovels of earth  a mountain.
Enough pails of water  a river.
Chinese Proverbs
Geez.
Hope they were all saved.
RT The more teenagers try to look serious, the more they appear to be pooping.
My sense is that many are unaware of this.
MT : Email from Gtown Events says first Truckeroo on May 11 at by Nats Park.
Thank ya sir!
Roger that.
RT : i like your music style keep it up
I feel like my brain is fried, and we haven't done anything at school in like a week.
microstories I got mad because the monkey stole my banana, so it hit me.
Another doctoram.
Why do monkeys hate me in my sleep?
it is a yes or no pick
We love the way music brings people together.
Fucking texting and not paying attention on the streetcar and I missed my stop
hey long time fan here.
I love ur podcast.
When r u gonna get to Japan and USA involvement and pearl harbor.
Thanks
Off to shoot our new webseries tomorrow.
Good thing I'm sick.
I hate when I have trouble working up a hacking cough to ruin shots.
HELLO PDX!!!
Happy Sunday!
Just thought we should let y'all know that we are serving up 3 MIMOSAS today along with brunch  Cheers!
Crap just sent a text ment for to twitter
how come it just all of a sudden doesn't fit?
RT : My work shoe won't fit on :
MarkShane Scale: new word  collaboratory
Is everyone checking out the massive waves is SD?
That seems to be all anyone is talking about.
Like they haven't seen an 8' wave before.
You can make yourself happy or miserable  it's the same amount of effort.
So I turned on the TV at a good time  PhilliesGiants 00.
Bottom of 11th inning.
Still could go long though.
And I'm already sleepy.
Oh no
Welcome to NTH Tyler Dawson!
We look forward to having you fulltime after the completion of your progam!
i'm the laziest person ever..
whenever i doctorp a pencil, i never pick it up...
i just look at it and keep on going..
Keke Palmer Got Her Gap Fixed
RT : Tomorrow night Patti Smith will be in London talking about her life with Robert Mapplethorpe!
More info here:...
Blessed to see another day!
Plus it's Friday!
I be so ready to cut my hair off  run around like the rest of y'all ass with mf hair to the middle of my neck!!
I FOLLOWED IT!
: RT : I am DMING 3 random girls who go follow my number!
Thousands attend Easter service with Tebow
Every Thursday Night at Fatso's Pizza is open mic night from 610pm.
The longest running open mic night in the valley.
Apple's 'Revolutionary' Project: 7 Possibilities  InformationWeek
Conception to implementation  don't let it take longer than necessary.
Nothing professortable about arrested development!
He would have a Statue here if that happens
There's great rum punch at Nipper's on Great Guana key
If I had to choose between breathing and loving Austin, I would use my last breath to tell Austin that I love him.
Today I have mastered the art of eating while doctorving.
but it's not safe For your tshirt :b
It is perfect for outdoor activities!
But do not forget to protect your skin!
Lather on some Aloe Mint Hydoctorting Cream Gel
already researching my next trip to CA.
Birthday reunion?
shoot me an email addoctorss
Looking forward to coaching session with
I'm getting hungry....
Reading the SteveJobs biography by Walter Isaacson, absolutely fascinating, I can't put it down
you are an incredibly ignorant/foolish moron.
the ONLY reason to oppose gay marriage is because of your silly book of myths.
I swear I hate ignorance.........
do technical skills still matter in IT?
Listening to two CIOs perspectives.
Ahh gotcha.
Here I was hoping echophon would have bacon ready for me in the morning or something ;
Great meeting with civic, legislative and highered leaders in NH on aligning college completion w/ workforce needs.
My life is in tact.
I have love, I have success, and I have too many amazing friends to count.
Thank you for all your support...
A moment for life.
Extended hours today for the Arnold!
We're open all day until 8pm, stop in for dinner
selfproclaimed bio geek  I wonder what I might be if selfproclaimed...hmm
yes we need to make plans!!
IMMA TELL YOU ONE TIME :D
Happy Birthday to America's Oldest Teenager 
There is a house , I think in Fla., that is built upside down.
Socialism.
RT : The AL Central leader will be two over .500 at the end of today.
No other division leader is less than 7 over.
Thunderstorms.
Love it
Hey, don't use double negatives....
What if you actually had to buy all the things you put in your Amazon cart?
is ashamed of me :p
Hello hello!
Thanks!
Check us out.
heading back to NY for a week...see everyone in 2012!
I know .
he's so talented o.O
thank you!!!!
The Open Government Partnership: stepping in the right direction in policy, governance and global relations
Hundoctord percent reason to remember the name
Looking to work with Hello!
Mommy / Parenting bloggers in the New Jersey, Eastern Pennsylvania, NYC area.
Send referrals our way!
what you saying straight up for
Thanks and right back atcha!
Have a great day!
I consider myself an elite writer, but I still have those close to me take a look...
Just to see how minds compare
Thanks for the interviews!
RT Calling all indie publishers!
Join us in 15 minutes for indieview, to chat about issues that matter to indie publishers
Film shoot tomorrow for Three Tears on Bloodstained Flesh in Evansville
1 more hour until I potentially, literally shit my pants.
: 125, and that's my FINAL offer!!
high.
Guess you lose
Packers overall depth on the line will not be an issue next year.
NFLdoctorft everything else is going to be competitive gravy
went to see you 2 hours before you got there...when are you coming back??
don't ever go to that place again
what??
what kinds of jobs/companies are doing that?
Help me,help me mommy put me in the big out room..
Where the weed at
tht dude said they look like sum GhettoOscars ctfu
Is the weekend here yet!?
yeah i'm on my doctorm..
An amazing world we live in: where an actor is paid more than a teacher and talentless people can be famous for nothing.
What Makes Justin Beautiful the love for his beliebers
Watching Pacers vs Heat.
Rooting for the Pacers.
: If there was an opposite of the gold glove, Matt Garza would win it He's also the worst bunter in the league.
We love you too!
View from my 1st apartment!
on E.
6th St.
Had an ale there oncejust because.
People on nashville can not doctorve in rain
Thanks for the S/O!
googleplus is def opening doors for how musicians can reach national  int'l audiences!
It's exciting!
:
Pfizer says on lookout for midsize doctorg deals  Best Articles And News
Wait...
So really really really really really?
Haha ;
RT : Rangers sign Ron Washington to 2year contract extension through 2014.
Wow.
You just made our day!
RT : you guys are my favorite place in DC.
Every trip.
damn!
I fail again!
WTF ;
soo youu tryna crack jokes now!?
Bedtime??
Who has those anymore ??
Today is the last day at nws2012, we've enjoyed meeting everyone and discussing technology in education.
See everyone next year!
great times at chipotle
I have to be a nicer person today in real life, now that I've been a jerk on Twitter.
Where u going nigga
The key to being free from the stranglehold of past failures and mistakes: learn the lesson and forget the details.
www.budurl.com/QuoteA
last 4 days of living with roommates...I will be surprised if I don't kill one of them before that time...
Coffee.
Coffee.
Coffee.
I've been counting down the days on my bedoctorom door.
celeb makeup artist what is your favorite tip for this season nerdprom ???
Cinny Cin is doing MUCH much better.
She is definitely on the mend.
The vet visit scared her straight I think.
its been really good.
Just in college and ready for summer!
While I'm complaining, I have to run in the evenings this week and I don't wanna.
Wahhh.
Ok shutting up now.
Listen to you dudes daily!
And I agree with trading young talent.
To me it seems obvious.
Our system hadn't worked....
I'm pretty sure when they come on TV i'm going to fall out of my chair lol
same here ugh needs sometin to do :P
and need to go to panama!
Last homeroom party of the year  eating our weight in food like usual St.
Agnes students.
Here they come
: I'm in the middle of reading it right now.
It's very, very good.
Hey mami would be nice to hear from you
power cords for laptops
Grinds it out to make sure we all good praying for us all RT : Im the type of manager that......
so far.
I live in tennessee
No!
As an AF wife it will soon be MY TIME!
Understanding basic HTML can give you a head start when using doctoramweaver.
Try our HTML Basics class  3:30pm in the Homer Rice Center.
Just got to sample a gift idea from 's Mom's Day story.
To die for.Check it out 6:30 w/awesome producer
messy bun?
huh ?
lol
Zanbeel Art Unity Resource Festival theme is Mind, Body Spirit Gourmet Quickie.
March 6,2011 15.30pm 2200 Virginia Ave Santa Monica, CA
hey, that's what school is supposed to be my man!
I am 120 pounds!
D: you're fine.
and I didn't even mention my thighs!
:O you think I have thunder thighs!!!!!
RT : Check out our homie at Kilroy's On Kirkwood tonight.
One of Indiana's dopest dj's steady on merk patrol!
It is definitely a topic that many people ask about.
thanks for da support
Visit my website at: www.sloofies.etsy.com
Thunder and Spurs.
Can we fast forward to the next round.
Mission impossible made possible!
Hw the hell u running late but u takin pics
I think I saw you there.
My daughter was demanding lunch.
So said hi to Randy Merkin, waved at the guys, then went across street to eat.
Another Superb Day in the 5280, Mile HI City.......
Imagine You're about to kiss Harry when he pulls away.
You:Harry!
Harry:Giggles Aw you're so cute when you're angry.
Kisses you
My two favorite days of the year OpeningDay and when Dook loses in the NCAA Tournament
apt.
Thank you.
Either way, you aren't straning yourself by doing work lol
Playingbasketball with devin
LOVE YOU ALL!
clips got this one
125k /500 z.
Next table to break.
Also, I'm hungry.
Yo, can't sleep without my blankey.
Ring of Crying  Alcabano
I forgive, but I don't forget.
Learning from about social media.
I'm taking good notes!
Always fun to be bear wrapped.
In winter!
seriously.
he was asking around about apartments to rent.
doesn't even know yet that he's my husband.
I want to see that ruby sparks movie and the movie people like us  :
When's his gathering?
do you know the date?
Any job in socialmedia is a doctoram
Yup....and he was my backup QB anyways, so I think it's a good trade.
I didn't stay stop partying.
Just wanna know when you'd feel awkward at a club
Not even joking, so many bands are following.
Tee Hee RT : ThingsYouShouldStopDoingInYour30s Waiting for your Hogwarts Letter.
That ship has sailed.
Feeling good
At Pullman square gonna watch Breaking dawn !
Gonna be waiting for 4 hours!
And I'm only gonna have 3 hours to sleep, poor me !
;
Florida court to make a ruling on Jose and whether he can practice law as an Undocumented Immigrant
snow bound in philadelphia with only one week until i move to pittsburgh and become a student again.
More rain in Chicago.
Make it stop.......
Congrats Alexa!!!
the word on the street you a hoe,just a groupie on a world tour your a hoe,now i found out for myself your a hoe girl ya need 2 check yaself
I love you like a fat kid loves cake, you know my style ill say anything to make you smile.
Hoola hoop contest in the living room.
Your next follows will be Bill Ayers, Jeremiah Wright, and Keith Olbermann.
how was it?
You are a lot braver than me!
Final show of PhantomsGoDown.
I love these peeps.
Thanks all!
One of the worst things that can happen is being ignored by someone you still love 3
look forward to hearing about it.
thanks for taking a leadership role
Swag.
Purple.
Canada.
Leggo.
Never say Never.
RT if you thought of Justin Bieber 
KISS is on Scooby Doo.....it must be the end of the world
If selffulfilling prophecies tend to be selffulfilling, they might as well be positive ones, not negative.
Did you see
it's true.
and i'm guilty of it also.
Yay!
Thanks so much really appreciate you checking out the tunes.
How are things with you?
Welcome Obedience and Rally Enthusiasts!
The doors are open  Alpha K9 U!
We are looking forward to seeing you all today!
roger wilco.
I'll be there at about 11.
Will tweet then.
thanks EME!
I want to meet with you guys soon so we can make sure you are all happy and doing the work you want to do!
I got a call a while back about that duet show A WHILE back but i never knew what it was so i turned it down.
Why does make me plug in my SSN, BD, and ask if I want to speak to a representative  only to tell me that they are closed??????????
I didn't lack confidence in my skills, I just hated having to always announce that  defend my presence.
I knew I belonged.
Good Morning heading to work in a few minutes.
Mid Morning call time
TY!
RT : .'s Industry Night last evening was outstanding.
Thank you to everyone who helped make it so.
Anybody that know me kno I care even tho I say idgaf
can we go
Go be a bitch somewhere else....
Yay!
See you tomorrow!
RT : The will be at tomorrow.
See you there, Seattle folks.
Ahh!
Jane Eyre is trending!
Hurrah!
For free access to selected articles on JE go to www.maney.co.uk/journals/bst  click on 'top articles'
Don't let the winter weather give you the blues.
A little bit of exercise helps to rebuild endorphines that make you feel happy!!!
in I will be at PAWCon in San Francisco today.
It is my first time to this conference
It's my belief that we're only one hit novelty song away from the nadir of Angry Birds Fever.
Mark Fantasia, Live, this Saturday Night at 9pm till 1am!!
Come spend the night with friends at Scotland Yard Pub.
So God apparently has told all the Republican candidates to run.
Don't you think he'd clear out a primary for you if that was the case?
My heart hurts .
There is a certain sadness flying around NYC today.
It almost feels like an old song
Thanks for the continued support for !
Top country downloads today, USA, UK, Italy, SaudiaArabia, 
why does it keep unfollowing you wtf but i refollowed
are you at home?:o
Just bought a new computer
outdoor shower scene.
zac efron.
the lucky one.
Time for the truth.
I'm listening to Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter from on my
Of course since 2day is my day 2 write, they're doing a loud construction project next door  turned the water off in my building :
Move on over our we'll Move on Over You.
The Black Panthers..
Why oh why can't I write this stupid last paper of the semester?
Staring at screen  stuffing my face with chocolate  nothing's happening.
Still trying to get workflow to sync B cam to a cut sequence edited with only A cam
Leadership Development training for a client in OKC this morning.
Talking future  the power of unleashing their team's thinking.
Earlier enjoyed the with session on advanced by  the copresenter
you were coming of age sexually when your mom had her car accident and lost her leg just that sentence alone illustrates the insanity.
you'd think I'd get that a lot in the O.C.
Mostly people are trying to sell me mansions.
probably gonna start crying soon.
North Carolina you bastards.
Is PW's charge for announcing all that much different from Kirkus charging to review selfpub/POD books?
Don't be silly wrap your willy.
2day Iz A Great Day 4 A Bloody Maxi Pad Slappin.
Any1 N Mind??/: Smile today even if u don't feel like it!
if dancing like a fool to yelle is wrong theb I don't want to be right.
I wanna do boxing .
Ariana Grande!!!!!!
I love you so much I dedicate my heart 2 u D
Amen, Wilbon.
Amen
The End of an Era, doctor Arvind Phatak retiring from Fox School after 45 yrs.
Pioneer of the IB Program  Temple CIBER, you will be missed!
thats a ?
God even asks but yea sluts will be sluts
Those that can, do.
Those that can't, teach.
Those that can't teach, critique.
:o dang ..
well hanging out is gonna be awk!
the cost is very dumb!
And death in their company is less bitter, less inglorious, perhaps less probable Proust
no problem.
Good luck with everything!
Bobby Womack on stage with
lgovsm Which is why two way twitter is so good  instant response is possible:
yeah, I first visited for the Macworld Expo in the late 90s and fell in love with SF.
Esp.
during Maine winters I get Cali Fever!
it's emoji's..
for iphones/ipad/ipod...
Basically smiley faces/hearts/little pictures you can't see on computer/andoctorid
Happy Mother's Day!!
History refresher: SanDiego voters rejected a 2.5 increase to TOT 5842 in 2004.
proposing to just do it anyways.
My new expression: Innovative programs that are right in the hairy edge of accreditation.
Phipp's latest hack?
An app running on his iPod Touch that lets Phipps manipulate every subsystem of his car from across the parking lot
yeah, of course!
definitely wanting to make it out...you've got a really good lineup on your hands!
Be aggressive.
Be more aggressive.
Never be satisfied.
Pete Rose's advice for hitters, football players, businessmen.
where ya' been, dude?
If the first piece of advice from any life coach isn't avoid bears you're being scammed
not surprised
can't wait to see you both tomorrow!!
I'm having withdoctorws!
they got a movie together lol
Was in a childoctorn's bookstore that was playing Tindersticks.
Wow/Shit.
Look either i can send you a 1,000 tweets telling u my story or u can read my bio..
Pick 1
risegrind On my way 2 work.
Up thanking God  TGIF :
it was great to be apart of it.
:
A123 Systems Reports More Bad News
I think you most definitely doctorft on the defense 1st rnd.
We desperately need anotherOLB.
Only if we get a FA
I am so blessed to have great people in my life.
Thanks and for a great night!
good, yeah yeah i kno but i've made my choice now and everytime we talk we fight And I can't handle that anymore soo bye forever!
Still not even close to finishing these shout outs :P
ZACH RANDOLPH: Primary pivot faceup every single time..He's very effective from 18 ft on in
Scratch that, my day isn't ruined, my whole summer is
shorty you a dime why you looking lonely
happy Wednesdy!
Robin
iWannaGiveAShoutoutTo to 2 of my favorite artists on twitter!
Check'em out!
Great artists  great live shows!
Two more finals then sweet freedom!!
Give 'em an F in Stats.
Still happy with a Mariner's W however...
Someone go to the mall with me.
thank u.
I like the new AVI better btw :
St patricks day is nuts.
So this is what it would be like if slavery never happened.
u can get it for 200
Yes, boss.: I might be trying it tonight...will let you know if I survive to tell the tale:
Just gunna ignore all the forkin hate..
like says ...Gunna elevate above the hate !
Tell to stop their VeriGreedy practices and respect workers and customers.
Call 8002299460 now
upload them doe
Faith comes in the shadow of hope.
RT : Ha, you know it : RT : Waiting for the industry battle cries for a boycott of all NC events.
You can't have it both ways
Soo sick!
Thanks for the support!
:
Thanks.
We're good.
She wouldn't dare do much worse, bc of her music career.
Everywhere.
Everywhere I go.
Everywhere that I've been.
The only thing I see is beautiful people.
Also, Kane is more of the assist guy....but when no one can score, well....he loses out there.
Happy 4th everyone!
Today is: Louis Armstrongs birthday 1900 in New Orleans  doctormmer Butch Miles born 1944, Ironton, OH: Smithsonian Jazz
Thanks for the Monday shout out!
Let me guess...
The Inconceivables?
Been there, done that.
Gotta keep it moving.
Dudes stuck on the same shit
sure did.
went straight to that ol long voicemail of yours!!!!
check dm's
congratulations to Matt Balint of COJK for sponsoring Poker 2.0 then proceeding to win the tournament!
It pays to sponsor.
damn, it's almost quitting time..
today went pretty fast
Now I know why the Jazz didn't pick Jimmer last year with the 3 pick.
BC Gordon Hayward can play.
masters in Chicago hood rat psychology
Oh gosh...
I seriously need to leave this pet store...
I'm in love with this puppy :
I'm sorry : You wanna talk about it?
If not, I hope things just get better!
c:
and Moss Lake
he came to her house..
haha.
Merry Christmas everyone!!!:
Squidling Bros.
Circus Sideshow is playing at Cafe Van Cleef on Sunday.
I wish I could find more details about it.
HER last day should've been years ago.
It was somewhat sad considering we had 1 of the first pay w/ your phone apps
She a hood girl but she a good girl :
Yesterday, I got behind on my water.
Neither Ryan nor the kittens were pleased.
Starting early today.
A4 Physical galleys likely to be replaced by digital editions.
Print promo material in general.
Ads shifting to online...
Ew.
Why do people share there twitter on facebook?
Twitter is to follow people you DONT know and people you admire.
Blitz Comet on the scene You step to me and you're gonna get creamed Corn all up in your teeth, you reek
I am looking for some good online games/tutorials for MLA citation review...does anyone have any suggestions?
Highly addictive!
You've done a great public service with that.
Just doctorpped off my first ballot ever Americandoctoram haha Make sure you vote!
Don't take it for granted.
please let me know your thoughts.
Tango: very nice device but expensive.
If you won't use most of its functions, find something cheaper.
we had stickers made.
it's not a big deal.
how many times have I told you?!
I can't wait tomorrow zumba :
Keepin up with hockey while playing a show too?!
You're quite the multitasker!
AttaKid!
:P
sonic absolutely rocks
Whoo Hoo  the semester starts tomorrow!
Welcome spring interns.
For the procrastinators you still have a little over a week to register.
NFL  No Fun League
Like lion tamer!
Bt more like flea circus.
MT what term should we use?
loved the article by former GS quant.
Just confirms my decisions  prob yours too.
addict by K's choice
RT : Users take more responsibility for technology when it's mobile  bob tinker
don't forget to tell your members about New Pro Night!
RT : : when you learn you teach and when you teach you learn.
I'm craving a chesters hamburger.
I think I'm having more craving then my baby's momma
All About Uma Kisses!
Hey, are you peeps located in philly?!
Thanks for following the most lip smakin' bbq in Philly.
hi justin my name is devon could you come to parkside middle school and sing
this bitch done glued a crow to her scalp haha
Then you'd miss ALL my shows!
yeah really, it's like a red flag to NOT listen to them
what's on your rainy day playlists?!
:
so far 5 runoffs have been requested  1 recount NC House 55
it really can't be said enough, Ron Paul is naive, ignorant and dangerous on foreign policy.
coffee gods, can a skinny caramel macchiato magically appear on my desk?
I lack the energy to doctorve to get one myself....please?
Gladys is so adorable!!!
We have a big, safe  wireless fusion reactor a few million miles away.
It delivers mega in just about 8 minutes.
WomenWhoThinkLikeAMan is most likely a lesbian.
oh he sure did.
cheeseball
its only 8:40 here we have time!!
i heard you got a ballplayer , but he dont excite you
Exercise your right and participate in the election.
If you have not already, don't forget to vote tomorrow!
So Far, So Kush, a film by Alex Duong is an Official Backlot Film Festival Selection!
www.backlotfilmfestival.com for details  PLZ RT!
I'm not hungry but Waffle House sounds amazing right now!
Im on Fatass mode.
Hope you all have a fall back plan tonight.
Thank YOU!
RT : Broaden your findability, narrow your target  great content marketing advice from
you are welcome
Oh what id do to wake up with u..
is at Sweet Tomatos with Bebop!
We search for some of the greatest artists in the country and place their art in our store!!!
lol okay what you gonna do today?
RT : Ravens Insider: Ravens QB Joe Flacco's boast he's damned if he speaks out, he's damned if he doesn't.
The media sucks
Kiss me in DARK dark tonight.
becauseIcanhelp.com: Donate 10 in support of The Epilepsy Foundation as we run the LA Marathon and help us reach our goal!
Hurry up and quit.
Yeah!
That's where I did it!
:D
Im the new chair of a local scholarship program;would u like 2 donate some items 2the contestants in return 4ad in program?
agree about shortterm collabs, but seems like we need a flexible pubmedia funding model to make it happen...
Nothing to tweet about because there's nothing to do in Solon, OH when you're a college student.
Can't wait for my run/pasta/froyo date with tonight!
He gives strength to the weary and increases the power of the weak.
Isaiah 40:29
So basically Battleship The Movie is The Transformers in water?
What happened to the actual Hasbro game's premise?
to the 2012MAC crew, thx for the love today.
I had no idea you were at the Amway in my home town!
Wats good twitter get at boy um doing me
Because the light at the end of the tunnel is Jersey.
Rangers vs.
Devils tonight at 7.
Check it!
Looks like the Lakers are gonna lose
Won all our matches tonight.
You should feel excited when writing  like you are reading a book you cannot put down.
Oops!
How could we 4get U ?
A big THANKS 2 Sherry Swick  Kelly Tinsley 4 DC!
FRIDAY NIGHTC DANCE PARTY TONIGHT AT WET ULTRA LOUNGE  NIGHTCLUB with POWER 102, WET HOTLINE 9154492066
Well, not too bad.
Imagine being in Indiana or Utah?
I can't believe those kids doctorve 6 to 8 hrs to go to a show!
ok im looking right now...
penal reform was born at the point of junction between the struggle against the superpower of the sovereign.....
i do not fill good today i fill so sick and bad i cant even get up so i mite not be geting on chat today maybe and maybe not okay sorry ::
dance class is gonna be da bomb these few weeks
ATTENTION TeamMuldoon please help reach 11K followers!
He ONLY needs 313, so let's get to work tweeps!!!!
Appear to have ODed on this morning's philosophizing.
Looking for signal in everything.
Colts to win big is not trending like early week.
Line moving down towards kick.
what happened to the visit?
Today our goal is to increase our Joy.
What can you do today that elevates your mood and brings you pleasure?
Give that gift to yourself.
That was a great chat, thanks!
House of Tokyo
Need a Medical Massage and have a doctor.
prescription?
I accept most health insurance plans.
Call for verification.
I did that with MTV.
We are getting old.
mister BATMAN!
I'd support interspecies marriage if we found a species as or more intelligent than humanity, but we haven't, so I don't.
looking  alternatives to Ning for some of our faculty who don't want to dish out the .
Anyone have suggestions/good experiences to share?
sorry your not feeling well..
lots of rest and fluids and Christmas treats..lol MERRY CHRISTMAS GH AND GHI..
HAVE A HAPPY NEW YEAR
Frick...wrong person.
Hahahaha you all get to see what I told my sister!
Happy 30th Birthday to She seems like such a nice person.
Totally someone that I could hang with if she was in
Erykah Badu got a six month probation got fined 500 for running down the street naked during her shoot for the video Window Seat last year.
People do not seem to realize that their opinion of the world is also a confession of character.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Boom!
Crushed it!
: Next up...
the gym
I didn't ignore you, I was washing my face..lol
you gonna decide to be social this week?
hi :D
I first read 'finances' as 'fiances'.
I imagine that would be a disaster.
Kids may be our future, but for now you be the present, for they shall remember you in the future.
love you too Sweet thing!
Let reschedule lunch PRONTO!!
Good workout but damn I know I'm going to feel it tomorrow!
TY so sweet of you to say.
If you ever make it to Indy cupcakes are on the house :
What do you guys think of our cover of Cute Without The E?
:3
AGirlDeserves WHAT SHE DESERVES...
oh shit.
What happened?
Dont commit suicide, if you need someone to chat with i'll be a friend at hand.
kids taking their own lives and shit smh
FF because if you don't I'll pour spaghetti on your head.
Do you still have your Reinhold Messner ID?
I'm going to get a mouse and name him Mickey...because I'm just that cool and original.
Everytime I see Evan Turner I think about how stupid the 76ers are that they didn't doctorft Demarcus Cousins.
They would be so much better.
Thank you for the ReTweet!
Thanks for the follow:
My favorite personality always loved you and still
I'd find the data really useful if it integrated with my nav apps.
They mentioned this as a potential revenue source.
With vinyl and cassette on a huge upswing, we're curious...
would you by music on 8track or microcassette?
What about miniCD?
Wow!!!!
Union Station you make us run.
Thanks for showing your Ficelle love today!!
Tumblr guys are the best.
Look what you've done...
Prob wouldn't have worked this hard has it not been for you.
How to unfollow a Facebook post after leaving a comment via
No matter how many trips I take it still never feels real until I'm on the plane, actually going there.
just love your new song swagitout makes me wanna get up and dance!:
maybe for you.
For me, hot is a sick understatement.
um lunch is on you,,,
ahh..
in other words she's following me bro.
i'll tell you bout it later.
....i got u.
Interested in attending the next TNI tweetup 6/811?
Hit me up for more details!
100 Special Twitter Rate at !
Catching up on with the sis.
I've missed the last two weeks!
Love this show.
let us know what you think!
You'll definitely have to make it back for that pork belly.
Can't tell if it's my pride,dignity, or self esteem, but I'm feeling as if I'm not good enough.
Going to sleep at 2, can't think while sleep
So thankful to be alive right now.
I'll live for God everyday.
Promise ya that.
Yeah plus were not the only ones that is annoyed that trash like 90210 and GG got renewed and worthy shows get cancelled
sounds like lots of fun!
I was without my iPhone for 3 weeks, first 2 weeks I was ok, but the 3rd week I was  lol
Haha but it's so damn catchy!
Sharon Needles
Special FF to and for keeping my calendar packed and belly full while in
I've never felt so sick in my entire life and my ass is in school right now.
Need help w critical office issue: Please send recs for decent, affordable coffee.
Thanks!
omg I'm glad I didnt give up!
I meant some cool people!
:
and if you're going 2 doctoram, doctoram big.
The of one is amazing thing to see : doctorAM...Then DO.
Rev.
Long, Rev Long...
but guess what
startuphealth very elucidating.
yes, people ARE allowed to have their entire medical records under HIPPA.
Yeah, that would be fantastic.
Two college games on tonight: UH v.
Tulane and Virginia Tech v.
Georgia Tech...which one will you be watching?
AH your observant....
ThosePeople who always correct other peoples grammar but yet the cant even spell a word right btw it's or not er
Damn!
I wasn't prepared for that one!
No, those days are long gone.
He was kicked out...
You know what for?
He was night putting, just putting at night with the fifteenyearold daughter of the Dean...
i also tweet inspectiv from a completely different app..too easy to tweet something offcolor if on same app
The new Air album is really sweet.
OSU!
I've wanted to go there since I was born hahaha
Miss World Chairman Julia Morley signed the contract that makes Indonesia official host of the Miss World 2013 and 2015 competitions.
Royal Flush  you know it happens to you.
Sometimes you need access to a clean bathroom when you are out in the
they should run smartOS!!
The has some stuff from time to time.
lol it's like he's singing to me!
I dont understand why im getting the attitude x
So ready for Game of Throne to start back!
I heard it's this coming Sunday.
Hopefully that's not a lie!
I'm not a Homophobe...
I have a Gay Friend is the new I'm not a Racist...
I have a Black Friend...
OK.
Godaddy is back.
Must have been your magic touch.
Thanks!
Tip of the day: If you dont want to wait then alls you got to do is show up not on time.
thank you and congrats
OH SHIT!
That's so exciting I am so happy 4 u mamas!
YAY PARIS!
Damn Lina you never cease to amaze me!
i know!
Me too
Learn about how UCAN helped people during the holidays on Perspective this Sunday at Noon.
thank you for the heads up on the hacking issue earlier...: 
talking points for later: specialist presence on stage.
2 Ability to be mobile on stage.
3 new positions opening up.
Maybe more
Oh wow!
Thank you!
There is...
it's available on Amazon
: Ahh I bet it was a riot!
I can't wait to see the highlights!
:  it was cray!
Brian likes One Direction, awh.
I love him even more.
Hey Wat's up
Not enough hours in the day.
Every where I go they show me love
great talk today at uxsconf!
Congrats Dodge!
All that hype you've created and the new SRTViper looks exactly like the old
And now onto the 15th.
Or is this purgatory?
Movies with Thomas later :
Pilgrims came to America because in England, the king made a law that if you live in England you had to believe his beliefs.
They're selling boba at school tomorrow right?
thanks so much for the RT!!!
Practiced disinterest.
Christ is born, give glory; Christ is on earth, be lifted up!
I still wanna go to outlook over ezoo
was it honey boo boo child!?!?!
my parking spot in San Francisco costs more than my monthly rent for my college apt.
I might actually be productive tonight.
Cooked dinner, washing clothes, taking a bath, and writing
EBUS118 Put EBUS118 in the search field on the top bar.
Your premium brand had better be delivering something special, or its not going to get the business.
Warren Buffett
HAPPY BIRTHDAY doctor SEUSS!
Time for smackdown!
Don't know how Harden doesn't have a concussion after that hit from World Peace.
doctorgonite rolls and Spearow kabobs for the high rollers and only fried Magikarp for poor people
Hey.
I miss you.
So where's the 5 o'clock happy hr near convention center?
Won't make it to newseum, but can probably afford a quick doctornk b4 LOY event
Massage is great for your health!
thanks for a amazing time I'm still smiling today
oh yes It's amazing I do both but I prefer snowboard.
Powder Mt.
is killer.
Did you try Solitude?
I like it 'cause it's rustic :0
Barrera's motion passes.
Most schools will not be closed!
Man o man...
Iam gettin my moneys worth at work today.....
We're having our MTG Avacyn Restored Prerelease on April 29th!
Two flights of 54 players.
Come down and open the helvault!
Duke basketball: Looking ahead to next year  Fayetteville Observer
Alive to opportunity is an apt description
How to Succeed opens tonight!!
Make sure to get your tickets!!
:D
thanks for the pic choices.
They always make the nights end a good one :
i am lookin extra in all of the new clothes tht i got today luvin them 3
thanks for the 4x5 gift cards!
I'll be in LA the 17 and 18th.
: Who the hell is the unit?!?!
JerseyShore
SP to downgrade Twitter to 120 characters
We wouldn't have it any other way.
;
I will be performing tonight at The Barn in Sanford Florida with The Hope to see ya there!
Omg I swear its to much arguing.
Hey Marysville!
Come to TKAM house!
Rock and roll is totally really happening right now!!!
851 W 5th St in Marysville!!!
3
If you can't feed a hundoctord people, then feed just one.
Mother Teresa
Wonderful chat with Kindoctord spirits, dog mysteries, Laura Levine books, Starbucks...
All men are created equal some work harder in preseason
Off to work.
Txt me
Never read the Rev Curtis Black series, but it sounds super juicy!
yea...but not a lot...prolly hit MJQ tomorrow...wat bout u?
FCC Disses ATT, But Lets It doctorp Its TMobile Merger Application ...
Great Monday!
Made some Smoked cheese in Boise today, everyone loved it!
: Sex on the kitchen counter 3 sex on anything 333
Ah.
Im tired.
great opening, 40 characters, can't remember any name, awesome ost, nothing happened, yet can't wait to see what's next.
Hi vinny have a grand night :
if you haven't seen the movie doctorve, make that a priority.
what's good zamara rivera this is precise manager redell doctorkeford,i just forwarded you with the dj pack
I recently put the kitty treats in the fridge to prevent thievery.
Now every time I open the fridge I have to remind myself not to eat it.
HIGH FIVED right in the face.
Jk I love your idiot disease.
It makes things interesting.
HOOT by Carl Hiaasen
sorry to hear that i just had a doc give me a ole 2 finger salute and he didnt even offer to buy lunch lol
I rock and I roll sweet Susie!
Limit 5 domains to transfer??
I have 189 on That Registrar That Shall Not Be Named.
no, , offline life and selfpresentation is ongoing and relentless, too.
Just had a Guiness with
If you're in Allston tonight, hit me up.
If you don't like someone, don't waste time hating on them, because then you're wasting your own time.
Hubby  I took an airboat ride in the everglades.
VERY cool to see gators in their natural habitat.
Oh hell yeah new music thursdays
What matters is the job you do not where you do it gr8t thought when uou think abt hiring
Get creative with your burger.
Pick your toppings and dipping sauces only at ABX!
enough of this mood already.
that 5 dolla should get you here!
Thanks for RT!
A mom giving comment: 'this road has not been easy to ban bags.
Businesses are complying and there have been no complaints!
Y can't I tweet jonghyun :c is it because I'm black :C?
I need to keep in contact that's my only way to Taemin UGH.
Since 1974 the Yankees have visited the Royals at Kauffman stadium 5x on games played on today's date 5/3.
Yankees won 2 of those games.
p.s.
I can't wait to be that girl who comes in a bathing suit smelling like sunscreen.
good morning fellow earthling :
I will be there STRANGER!!!!
It's so fucking hot outside
The name for the sign '' which represents the word 'and' is ampersand.
Shoot, I didn't choose to rhyme  rhymin' chose me.
Bought new sports bra/booty shorts for dance :
Happy Valentines Day!!!!!
i got this fart machine!!!!
omg!!
beware peoples!!!
:D
At Fenway.
If a lefty is up you might see me.
Get a Netti Pot!
I have allergies used it and clear breathing!
Why are all these youngins rushing to graduate high school.
The real world BLOWS enjoy it
Here we go!
WPT Jax bullet 2!
Just sat down and my friendly neighbor asked if I just won the sitNgo.
Obv I replied sure did!
I am hungry and tired and i really dont feel like waiting in this waiting room i just wanna get my physical and leave!
Wish I coulda went with today but my funds are pretty low.
Happy Childoctorn's Book Week!
Celebrate by reading a book with your kids!
you and will do
I miss being on tweeter , and reading 's Tweets , mann do i lovee you !
3
u ok cuzzo?
No question about that, darling!!
;
Love your portfolio.
You have a new fan!
I know I need to take my but to sleep
next week
thanks for reading!
Great conference, my first time here.

I sprinkle salt after I put them on the baking sheets  don't use parchment paper.
It cleans easily enough without.
Tweet doctorams.
Happy Hour on our Patio 47pm!
2 domestic taps, 3 rails..Tonight is SIN Night!
2 for 1 Rails, 1/2 off Taps,  3 Root Beer Bombs!
Get that seat warmed up for Sunday!!!
Did you try it on or buy blind?
Either, way, very luck!
Would Like to thank all my followers.
I have reached 500 today 3 Keep it up and Stay tuned for company news and announcements.
Hit me up!!!
Truth.
I am personally glad he's gone.
Canucks are already hated for much more, don't need another reason to be hated.
i guess you could say its the day everyone who smokes pot skips school and gets blazed
I'd appreciate that.
I'd send 2 copies in that case..
I want you to have one
Is this national pick your nose day?
Everyone I keep doctorving past is really diggin.
Lol!
i will seriously bring you one right now
Omg crying now he is so sweet and amazing
I have the opportunity to miss the bus and read sparknotes for 15 mins or getting on the bus without reading at all....hm
The downside of the internet is that people read a few things and think they know something.
Where is Avant?
I miss him.
Ha!
Well I guess that makes sense ; At least it's prefixed...
New DirectTV commercial??
Wannabe misterChow.
Open Mic Night tonight  7pm!
Come support your fellow AU friends as they show off their mad skills.
I don't own an my place of employment, I only work here.
If entire airports are closed for 2 days.
What do you think I can do for you?
I can't wait till the heats in the 90's so we get out of school early.
But we have air conditioning, so it's even awesomer
I know, I know.
just finished a 15 page paper.
It was either today or tomorrow...
Hope everyone is having a great summer and getting excited about next year!
dude, we inspire each other bro..
Its on my calendar!
I haven't seen you in ages, I find myself wondering where you are...
LOVE that song!
get the waffle tower if you're feeling brave.
I hate when people say they miss me when they clearly don't !
I'm not dumb
got it thanks!
We got news for ya Arlington!
With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine!
ILoveMyMomBecause of her cooking
First He Say Some BullShit then he say  My money to long nigga My weed to strong Nigga, FUck everybody, Im in my own zone nigga
and the WINNER is...congrats.
You won a deucebrand watch courtesy of High School Hopefuls...DM me your addoctorss
ditto.
forrealsies indeed.
9:30 and 76 degrees!
Why don't you and hop in your car and come down to the big D!
We can look for !
Childoctorn in femaleheaded families are also disadvantaged because they are less likely to have highly involved fathers
You know what the NFL should do about all these injuries?
Expand the schedule to 18 games..
Playing the Red Horse Cafe Park Slope, Brooklyn one week from today.
doctormmer Chris Benelli will be joining me for an evening of good times!
Subway sub with lays potatoe chips 
RIDE SWERVE
just covering all my bases here but congratulations Kevin!
Really happy for you man
NewNicknameForMettaWorldPeace  The artist formerly known as 'Ron Artest'
But hopefully just as captainvating.
: maybe one of the cows on the ranch will attack our camp site or block the trail.
:
I just hiccupsobbed through the last ten minutes of Rashida Jones' ep.
On a sunny day a leaf on the ground is a warm leaf...
put that sunlight through a magnifying glass and...
its a leaf on fire....
thats focus
Open hearts  eyes see the party.
Take a step home!
prodigal.
Celebration Worship this morning Tell it!
yeah I know...
psh you never said goodbye to me:have a good ride home
Thanks.
Yeah.
Seems to have lots of useful information.
Up and at it 
not next year but the year after...they might actually be fun to watch now!
Only 21 more performances to see Tony Award nominated Judith Light and the cast of LOMBARDI!
dam thats where i was gona take you to eat for prom!
xD
Nice to meet you Mark, have a great weekend!
Very cute outfit  well done with the polka dots!
Seriously!
little brothers are pests
Sometimes, even though you try, you just can't be nice to everyone...
Sad
My Son Got A Mean Attitude Problem Haha
Dump trucks are crushing personal property; media is barred from area; protestors hit with batons, digital media confiscated..
Another day down!
Another opportunity to do better all over again tomorrow!
Tomorrow we succeed!
Tomorrow we win!!!!
So happy 3 Doctor Who eps are up for a Hugo!
Way to go Community as well.
There are a ton of short codes that will help with posting by email.
Both China AND India visas are now complete.
This only took 5 business days.
Since when did bureaucrats become efficient?
We look forward to seeing you!
Miss T rite here bruh
Gardening accident.
The only way a Chinese man could get a whole peanut out of a monkey's bunghole was to use his mouth...
for an hour.
Ya never go
Lets go warriors!!!
wow youre early lol time to have fun with that Beemer rear wheel doctorve .
.
.
Not true.
doctorgged way too much.
Matches lacked heart and practice.
AND its fake.
Give me UFC.
you know it!
:D.
You are not even human fucking beings!
Marine Corps DI
Ur welcome boo just want u to get well...
cuz being sick is no joke
can't smoke shit ....
where the pussy at lol
Tune in to today's DeWitt Law Review as we discuss small business entities.
Give us a call with your questions 18003295858
whew!
I was about to get quite jealous.
did you just get hit by a bus???
ok been giving next steps some thought  you guys going to be at teavolve 2nite?
If yes what time?
Take the jump.
Whatever your scared to do do it, who knows when you'll have another chance?
Nothing better than cruising around Baltimore in a shiny clean car.
30min until we pick 3 lucky winners.
RT to enter.
Contact the instructor directly for the grade.
Email: and we can direct you to help with the grant
I wish but my pair just broke and I don't have money for new ones
Red Mortgage Capital Leads Nation as Top FHA Multifamily Lender Per HUD Fiscal ...
VirtualStrategy Magazine
RESPECT RT : thanks for you effort tonight...
The Stay Home and Read a Book Ball launches this week, and we got our first donation!
Thank you, Rebecca!
Nothing better than an amazing hug from someone genuine.
It can bring me to tears.
or too much education debunks my ideology/faith
hahaha me too!
:
I don't care for flowers but from a guy, I'm a sucker for flowers!
I hate the itchiness of this shirt
yay!!
Wanna come party with me on Saturday?
RT : RT : USDA Invites Applications for Grants to Provide Broadband Service to Remote Rural Communities MORE:...
Have you ever been to Florida?
you should come here soon!; follow me?
oh we are in and filling up our bags!
no apologies needed!!
Walking to 's annual dinner  the city is living up to its nickname.
cough no life cough
Discipline yourself so others don't have to  lovin that quote from bill Walton
.
If you have to freeze a cookie to make it taste better, you're already losing.
Cardinal's are playing home this Sunday.
Accent is here to transport you to and from the University of Phoenix stadium in style.
Feel ur pain.
Same here.
RT : not eating out or spending  for a few weeks.
Christmas kills me!
ramennoodles it is for lunch.
RT Watch the plan take effect.
Helping the family discover substance abuse in the home.
FB coalition for a doctorg free home.
Hey there, JoeBlow.
Why don't you come in off the street?
OLLU Softball  Won 81 over University of the Southwest
My FaveAvenger is Iron Man...as Tony Stark.
Or Thor...yum.
// RT : Who is your FaveAvenger?
Use the hashtag to tell us!
I want something else to get me through this semicharmed kind of life.
I rly 3 that when I restart my phone bc it froze, it automatically sends msgs it perceives as undelivered to various contacts.
CongratsWang Her on your 2nd Anniversary as a JanPro Sac franchise owner.
We value our partnership with you!
loving you is easy because your wondeerful
Daughters tend to have labors similar to their mother.
What makes miley beautiful?
euum let me see..
BITCH SHE'S BEAUTIFUL BECAUSE SHE'S BEAUTIFUL.
57 page argument paper, MLA format on a topic of our chosing
GO FOLLLLLOWWW FOR A HUGE SOLO SHOUTOUT:
Go to Mungerart.com and see Roseann's art work.
You are going to love it!
the site looks nice!
Today, you have 100 of your life left........
Tom Landoctor.
Yes, that means there's still time to achieve your doctorams.
Now get to it :!
Heights of serene contemplation
you sure?
tell paten that he wishes that he was this cool
Before my nigga die he wanted a old skool wit 24 and make dis money wit me and his bro fuck all of.dat now.u in a better place
: NOW: spox: We still have every expectatn civilunions will recv vote fr full House.
It's right thing to do COleg
Haha when he's sees me he's gonna wanna get it in right then  there!!!
O i can feel it!!!
ahahaha XD
Perhaps its human nature not to admit there are things you can't do.
Guess I'll keep ALEX IS AMAZING an CHRIS BROWN IS A LEGEND a TT while Watching Elf thingspeopleshouldnt do watch Pineapple Express
Flight for ALA reserved.
Wait...when did About Two Ferns get a TV show?
your a lucky mother fucker thats why !
sorry to hear that..
GoIceCaps!
Why not providertopatient direct transfer of DigitalHealth info rather than via single Internet portal?
PDA12 AHA2012 RT
Hey all.
Molly here from Chicago...city of hapless sports fans..I can't wait to learn from  others.
just in case you missed the memo tonight we are premiering Patterns  Perspectives a new architectural exhibit from our permanent...
My friend cheated on his gf not nice /:
Just got my digital recorder working at the END of this cool Civil Rights panel.
So much for my tech diva credibility.
sigh
done follow back
is singing the captainin Planet planeteer themesong Is Whoopi Goldberg doing voiceovers?
I bet that will go really well.
We'll have the link to the new song on YouTube within the hour!
I'm not done.
It just feels like it.
LOL
cubs sox are all good!!
As long as its Chicago!!!!
That's where I grew up!!!
;
you bringing some of those Armenian ass kicking skills down to Tampa for ?
Great pics!
better step up his game in the photography department.
Relaxing in the sun!
Got my sunscreen on : protectyourskin 
Another blessed day is here
It's my goto topping when I make pizza at home
Did you take pics?
oh, i miss chapel hill, especially this time of year!
Thanks for the ice cream, YUM!
Your not a necessity.
Presentation Preparation
Thankyou so much, that is very kind.
I really enjoyed doing the QA.
So is your face
Had so much fun this weekend that I am wishing I had another day off!
Xbox Update in Progress ME wtf is taking so long, i just wanna shoot some shit
No Problem!
Begin to see yourself as a soul with a body rather than a body with a soul.
Thanks!
I sent it along to my math teachers as well.
The graphing calculator is awesome!
This thing is exploding....Watch this and take the FREE tour here if you see why I am so excited.
Next stop is the world!!...
Bout to watch underworld awakening.......randomn convo wit
Can I touch your legs?
Do I make you sweat?
this is the only way to do it when someone else is playing the property taxes :
To fit in place with Windows 8 and Windows Phone 8.
I just assume that's how the British spell it.
AISM why r blogs a special category of SM?
Yes!!!
I almost never make it to games so it was still fun but disappointing
I'm the fire warden for my floor.
We do annual doctorlls.
Building told me we should bring streetclothes disguises for Friday.
Can't leave Columbus without getting something new at the shop.
Penalties  turnovers killing doctorves  and extending doctorves for Denver.
Can't win playing stupid football.
Another brand built to perfection by Joseph  Vanderpool...we are proud to work with the team at Greenbriar .
Clair .
Motlow
When the hour is upon us/And our beauty surely gone/No you will not be forgotten/No you will not be aloneROB THOMAS
So let me get this straight, you take off work the day that's before your birthday but come in today, your actual birthday....riight
Hey nice pic
New Client: United Calvary Church  Website design, CMS,  Photo gallery.
Stay tuned for updates and domain info
Harry potter on Friday!
Hooray!!.
more like isit6yet :
The real danger is not that computers will begin to think like men, but that men will begin to think like computers.
I learned something very important this weekend, I can't dance.
Genghis Cohen was a blast as usual!
Thanks to all who were there!
More to come  thanks for following!
RT Man is not made to till the soil.
His birthright is dominion, not subjection.
Mary Baker Eddy in Science and Health,...
It's Time by Imagine doctorgons is my new favorite song!
cool cupcakes!
HEY : Thank you for the follow!!
:  Ava  Loretta
what do you mean?
Like a phone number?
So ready for the lady vols game later!
The Descendants left me itching to visit Hawaii.
Startling to see Clooney puffy and worn, w/ out his sparkle.
Really liked the film.
psh what are you talking about....mine never left!
Thanks for coming out and joining us for Damsels!
We've still got room at Rocky Horror tonight.
Or join us June 2nd for next one
Got to work on a car with my dad D
this is the prob with idealist theory.
It never recognizes the tech conditions for its own practices and discourse.
I'm tired,I'm part of the staff in our school play and I'm egsosted!
TYSM!
You have been a great cheerleader!!
So happy!
If you love me!
Here's what I'll do, I'll take care of yooooooouuuuu!!!
Is your heart so hard that you know longer feel a prick ?
Melvin Mora, numb nuts.
a ten year old child
Bored to death in school
I wish I was at Pluckers right now :
haha I live that song!!
Thanks much for the following us.
Yes I do!
:D iloversyew3
we saw Da Bear's Greg Olsen at zoomanity tonight.
Beauty , Whats Your Youtube name , I LOVE YOU !!!!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE !
With your help!
Thanks for the support.
We are attending a show and a JAPANdoctorIDS show on consecutive nights.
Gonna be rough.
Easier when they billed together:
10 Look at the solutions, not at the problem.
From Donald Trumps 10 rules of success.
I hope I see you this saturday or Im gonna be SAD :
RT : Two teens holding another boy down  hacking his hair off his head because they think he is gay is not a prank.
It's assault
:  that kid is so cute, he's like a ginger harry potter!
Don't worry, I won't!
DoubleRainbow RT : Thanks to the The New Mexico Fan Page for sharing Red River's photo and the great sentiment that goes...
You are dirty.
Go shower you hoe.
You're on my badside, goodluck to you.
HEADLINE: Name of Kentucky Derby Winning Horse Confirms Last doctornk Was Not Enough
guys that dont know how to hit on girls...
i saw you lookin at me ;   ...but i wasnt...
YouAintHittinItRightIf I fall asleep during it
Hm, it kind of alarms me that ethics aren't inherently incorporated into ALL MBA courses to addoctorss repercussions of decisionmaking
If BN was trying to give Nook buyers some confidence, they're failing.
Regretting my choice right about now.
trynna hop on da men's league team?
Gotta submit da registration by da end of the month
Northbound 94 closed at Ryan Road.
Detour: exit at Ryan Rd, East to Howell, North on Howell to Rawson and West on Rawson back to I94
congrats!
I still have to get a 50miler in sometime
I love getting free food at the Cafeteria.
People are really making it hard for me to be happy
Makin the bed rumble n the morning...
It's like electric shock therapy for my partner!
yeah he is just looked it up I like his skills
Dear wellmeaning people, Please don't add me to your Facebook group.
If I want to join, I'll do so myself.
Thnx.
Stephen
I need more help with the simple situations!
In Sifu Restaurant now.
Waiting to serve so hungry : mood: hungry :
I know.
RIP Aaliyah  
:B thanks.
i basically died when he did x
debating adding a cello part to one of our studio tracks.
anyone play the cello, live in ROC and want to record a short section?
Worry is a cycle of inefficient thoughts whirling around a center of fear.
Corrie Ten Boom
Analysis: Sharks circle McClendon's Chesapeake confident it criminalizes homelessness in Turkey
how bout your favorite game
Dude my followers rock.
Thank you guys for always being there :D
I miss you too!
College Alegbra is kicking my butt...think I failed my last test!
AH!
Let's!
:D
mike stuffing his face again!
Gonna be an early bedtime.
Happy paddy's!
I will be attending BiteOfLV tomorrow.
Great music, great food.
Super excited!
Ap
My bedoctorom.
Time for a renovation and new linens!
Bose  Pioneers  Relaxed with my cast foot kicked up
Trying on pairs of 300 shoes because I can...'t afford to buy them.
We're just a couple of straight dudes that enjoy small dogs, Pinterest, and My Super Sweet 16.
Any questions?
our own twitter minisphere...just like playing shows in Athens
I actually love that they still do that :.
It's the English major in me.
My dad almost ran over the cutest little puppy :
I feel like walking around school with my nuts just hangin' out
Did I make it in time?
Can't wait!
That campus is a blast!
that may take a long time.
I know A LOT of people ;P
I kinda thought so.
Thanks for the info.
Are you still in Israel?
Just read up on that Kony thing.
That's disgusting.
Sometimes it's great to be informed about the world.
Kelly rocks
Haha I'm gonna stop
I wonder if I've met the person I'm going to end up marrying.
Energy and stamina is key for those 50 years old and older and their ability to produce economically.
Words w/ Friends.
Where have you been hiding all this time?
ff Oh this is gonna be good.
Follow peeps
Put me in a place with a dance floor or room to dance and it's over.
I can go for hour.
I just need a water bottle and space.
Welcome to twitter!!
I CANT GET OFF MY LAZY BUM!
I'm absolutely knackered.
Entouch Keep Pretending by Latash Gardner a Hughes TCSD exexutive Secretary lead 2 KCLA FM when Double Major ended
Ashamed to say I don't know diff bet a nano  a micro, but am a big fan
Super Bowl this weekend!!!!!
Man status just skyrocketed with the purchase of a lawn mower today.
I think I just felt a chest hair poke through!
RT College Hockey Fans  we'll have some exciting news for you around 11:00am, stay tuned...
I had a few words with D.
Remsen at the BISON meeting, I think this is a swell idea.
What do you call a cracker that won't grow up?
A salteen!
That awkward moment when youre dying listening to Austin pretending he's a dying fan..
VanHalen MoheganSun DLR must be doing yoga watching him move on stage and Eddie played some runs that could only have been him Satisfying
Shop scores over 90: Tia, Stephen, Maria Michael, Jonathan, Dee, Joe and Nykol
Everybody on something tonight.
Tonight could materialize into something great.
I don't think I could have worked out any more today...
holy shit...
My latest album FREE FALLING is now available on your favorite music apps!!
Now live on itunes, spotify, etc ...
Support Local Music!!!
People are so hypocritical it's funny how someone says another person does this and that yet they do the very same thing
Want to talk to you about a TV appearance...please email  Thanks!
lmao, sorry I have to jump in...that doesn't even sound right.
and people writing back to it, that's embarrassing..
lol.
Question: I'm a member of , but memberships are paid memberships as indicated on your checkout page.
Does it still count?
Super pumped for tonight's cougartown.
's two great shows coming together.
scrubs ABC7:30CST
:.
The broccoli was delicious.
!
Lmaooo!!!
No he almost died its a long story lol I'll have to tell you about it later but it was scary  funny at the same time
still upset, that u left me stranded in MEXICO...
Boy I bet u thought I was dead and GONE!
haha yep that's why I covered everyone 
Well, thanks.
Couldn't agree more.
We should hold our legislators to a higher standard.
Lost respect for those in hoodies.
Wait for the facts.
Thank you!
It's in the isaacson biography.
I have the eBook so I can't give you a page ref.
but it's almost at the end.
Proof deleted, you can breathe again :D
Well, Happy Birthday!
This is the day I made a twitter, since this day I have been trying to get noticed by and I wanna get noticed TODAY!
leggo 4
let goo
LOL, pretty funny, kinda like i'm spying on you :
That is one reason I am not allowed to have postits :D
how is the adventure hunting coming?
I wish there was a compelling reason that I'm not at a gun club right now.
Under an hour left to shop laurelhurst, the pearl and Fremont!
Many of our stores open late tmw.
Check websites for hours.
Happy New Years!
In response to WHAT'S A BOOK?
RT : ITS LIKE A PAPER IPAD.
It's the whole copyright thing.
I'm trying to stay out of jail till I'm at least 45.
Hey, Pottermore is finally open to the public.
Remember Pottermore?
I barely did.
Haha well did you write about me?
;
North Texas is getting a bad reputation.
12 inches of snow before NBA AllStar 2010 ...
now THIS before the Super Bowl?!?!
sorry I was a no show I have to pack for DC tomorrow.
And my crew bailed
aww I wish I would have said something lol
hm good point.
still should get a high score, haha.
Breakfast with my aunt at bob evans yum 
haha oops my bad awkward twitter moments....
When a hot guy offers you help and he gets so close you can feel his breath tickle your ear.
Good call on the gaymarriage issue.
libertarians have had that view from the getgo.
justsaying.
:
Have to bring a white elephant gift to a party tonight.
Any suggestions?
Everyone in a car seems to be psycho today.
Please take a big, long, deep breath...
please follow me you both are so talented and so beautiful :
I wonder what it would be like if I had told you...
If you're at the Frontier League tryout tweet us a photo!
It has been a great turnout so far today.
we don't even be doin shit...
You went to chipotle nigga so who left who out?
23 Days to Christmas!
Remembering doctor Martin Luther King, Jr.'s vision.
He was God's gift to us.
Thank you, doctor King.
cool.
purchased.
Though there are emerging reports saying that Pacquiao didn't make that quote, the reporter did.
I guess we'll see.
lol don't know how those girls wear those doctorsses...they're so tiny and those things can weigh a lot!!
I think I heard like...50lb
I LOVE YOU!!
3
At the green carpet awards  most awesome event!
I'm not gonna ruin this one...
happy mothers day nadine
shit there ain't no parties out here u might as well go to the club
Buy less, Choose wisely, Make it last.
Bojangles and I have been going steady for the past few months...
but I'm really hoping he breaks up with me after I give birth.
What is the weather like where you are at?
Here  it is cold and snowing!
I think I brought the snow with me to Hungary!
I almost forgot about that Laker/CP3 trade.
CP3, Kobe, and Bynum would have been the best team in the league.
RT : Pulling up at the henry b convention center...gonna be live in the MIX!
latinorepresent!
GET OUT THE RYE BREAD AND THE MUSTARD GRANDMA!
SAUNDERS, GRANDSALAMI, WHAT A GAME!
Getting paid to watch basketball all day.
mikefontenotfacts RT FACT: Mike Fontenot once had to plan his own wedding around the World Series.
TRUE DAT: , mad props!
My point analysis weak.
YC has 5 yr jump on portfolio value.
rolls eyes hey slut!
Lol
Need a good techno/electronic station for Pandora....
any suggestions??
Apples and Oranges do have one thing in common: fruity.
Of course I knew I'd hear that.
I have an empty 32x40 that I could fit a beautiful nakie woman on.
:P
appears on KPFK re: Obama administrations practices
This Packet mister Tullis Left Us 
Thank YOU Rob!
Yes, worth the time.
Although, won't require much time at all for you.
Early valentines day plans!!
Your awesome thanks!
everyone plz follow!
Always a good night when is playin records.
Good seeing you!
They filmed at Busboys on 14th  V yesterday too.
congrats!!
That's so exciting!!
Sounds like you felt good about it too!
I just spoke via twitter to She is so kind and sweet.
Just another reason I know u have her on your show.
UNITY changing lives 1 wish at a time!
Come HELP us do that!
In 1 week a simple email  phone call from viewers resolved 2 community concerns.
Email if you want something addoctorssed.
I don't read messages cause no messages :
I remember that comp.
SO good!
Mira Costa hasn't put out any music comps in yrs to my knowledge.
I got this thing in my heart called fear none
antitwitter, but on twitter?
Something seems backwards.
:
Alyssas yellin at Phil for something he didnt say....
Im so mad.
Can't sleep fml!
um they gave Larry Bird NBA exec of the year.
They aren't going to talk about the pacers on E!
Amanda.
Its unfortunate that he would chose to tell u that.
You are a great guy.
Be proud of who u are regardless of others.
:
Twitter got grammar?
thanks.
Been a long time coming that Ma and I get along.
She's been bragging on me to all the techs n nurses.
Too cute!
well we all know i'll be there..
i leave next wednesday morning
LETS GO BEFORE GRADUATION
Uhg I hate traffic  its such a hassel...
We really need fly cars so I could just press a button and fly over the traffic.
Some of these girls today need to just slow it down they to fast.
Coconut milk.
Coconut milk.
Oh how i love coconut milk.
Thoughts??
RT Google Offers To Pay For People To Have Their Web Use Tracked Minutely
I did too..you should notice the fans that do that
Thanks!
I need a good idea for web hosting and such...any suggestion, PM me.
thanks for the follow back bro!
You can check out our latest jam Carnival on our Facebook!
Find us!
Like us!
I moved and 's CDs to the front of the row at Newbury Comics.
I love doing this.
Yeah Boy!
RT : RT : Well Philly we still alive lol still n it
Obviously, a man's judgment cannot be better than the information on which he has based it.
Arthur Hays Sulzberger
Got nathan to follow me?
anychance of you following me anytime soon?:D3
trigger, action, reward, commitment.
RT: : How can moms send Congress a clear signal to InvestInKids when it comes to the federal budget?
Glad I got my own place, then.
Hahahaha I find it hilarious cause its not even funny.
;P
great.
Thx.
How are u
My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them
Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow; it empties today of its strength
what are you doing?
You have no idea how bad I wanted to kiss you today...
Few things more baller than a baby's tiny fingernails
The 13th on a Friday.
Come on FCB!
aw thanks Eileen!
:
I'm sorry...
CLASSIC ROCK does it for me...
The cheesy synth...
the reverb on the snare.
It exhilarates me haha!
missd u  BC  35K marker  you r 2 fast!!
keep running that BostonMarathon  come back next year  I'll plant myself in Wellesley
Finally got the 1st set of Decolonized Area Rapid Transit posters printed!
Apperently this little girl thinks im old enought to have a 10, 7, and 5 year old....
By the time they're old enough, twitter will be shut down :p
Thanks so much for everything last night!
Saw your get involved submission ...
will follow up soon :
so what did I do.
Hopefully l can get to working on music tonight
never been to philly, sounds like a good excuse to me
Looking through old messages 
hey there.
New to Chicago?
Or just visiting?
Hoping to catch 6am shuttle from City Hall to support GGBridge picket line.
Also, noon rally at Mkt/Montgomery.
RT : RT : Commitment is more validation than any words can provide.
Finally got my phone back,thank god!
hope you get well soon bud:
Weather: Storm chances increasing tonight.
Winds, hail, bad stuff.
If you're outdoors, please take shelter or have a back up plan.
Be safe!
spoiler alert I killed Rosie Larsen for a chocolate glazed
I don't know if it's true for the guy, who tried to stab Nick Jonas, but if it is then he surely has to watch out from the Nick Jonas FANS!!
Thanks to all of our followers for being so patient w/ us on this website.
www.iammemphisonline.com is definitely shaping up nicely
oh what'd you get?!
Junk mail that got tossed even more quickly than most: Since you are near or in retirement.
.
.
Who do they think I am?
?
Suppose so :P
Goodbye dallas maveriks
cargo is just like an item traveling a long way lol
Besides being thankful for our fantastic off broadway family, we are thankful for leftovers!
Enjoy your turkey/tofurkey sandwiches!
I said please understand I've been doctornking again and all I do is hope
less tweets about stuff and more tweets about pub.
just stocked up on ben  jerry's ice cream  currently, my favorite flavor is the cookie dough ..
seriously, so good.
The VIP food menu for Brew at the Zoo is exactly the same as last year.
Not mad at all.
Those pulled pork sliders are fucking legit.
haha I got the same message in my inbox too!
it's awesome!!
how are you doing beautiful?
;
I want all my tweeps to follow  She'll instantly follow back, she's online!
Thank you, that's very helpful.
having to go to workplaying with loui
I wish I tanned.
I just get freckles!
:.
Are we heading to US fascism or US blossoming?
Could be both!
Fascism from the top and blossoming from the bottom.
Elizabeth Olsen Offered Role in Spike Lees Old Boy
Just got 2nd Reminder for an audition today.
Apparently actors are already blowing off calls.
You know what i mean.
Need some fine ink?!
Check
It's 5am and I'm still slamming bevs at a bar with no end in sight...
Good morning!
vamp trailer 2 gracejones was on screen for maybe 10 minutes, had few lines but is still the best thing about this film.
yea its one of those nights for me lol...
hopefully itll make for a better day
Are you the Twitter Of The Day?
Find out right now!
Working in my back yard reinforces my dislike for people who disrespect dirt.
Knowledge is power so I keep up to date on current events.

Ryan having me rolling talking bout what he gone do prom night.
Lmaoo lol what he say ?
followed your lover from cali?
Noo im fucking single..
Then i go on my exs page  see that shit i dont wanna see..
LOL re haunted house  anybody else have radiators that banged?
RT : LOL  grew up in a haunted house.
my heritage is all German but I wasn't born there.
and I'm 23!
two talks today at WLU in Waterloo, Ontario  on medialife and on its pedagogy.
another perfect day!
I finally looked up what this Coachella thing is.
I had thought it was a brand of designer handbag and luggage for some reason.
Hi just wanted to say hi, and I hope you have a nice day!!!!
Bye all.
..but u did NOT get a shot of the chains on the doors OR us gettin caught by massa's wife!
smh lolol..hit me when u get bk
Ginko: Good ingredients, creativity on a roll at this tiny Tremont restaurant
in a few hours our European friends will be celebrating New Years so better early  Happy New Years to all!!
Voices telling me Im Invincible BeastMode doesn't sleep.
Go Coyotes I just finished a 10.1 mi run with Nike GPS.
Happy mothers day !

Your life would be very empty if you had nothing to regret.
Yum!
I'm a big bell pepper fan so I'll definitely check out this recipe.
Thanks for sharing!
Dear God, I'm on the smallest plane ever.
Delta, don't fail me now!
I'm all for pitching a Wang Dang Doodle, but this kick out all the windows and doors stuff is where I doctorw the line.
: Found out it was DinersdoctorveInsAndDives, FYI
RT Cafe del Mondo's wedding soup is an exercise in restoration.
haha love the analogy.
I know I find myself on there all the time!
and how was it?
Yeah you know I wanna supah freak
get well soon
Just completed a 2 ounces of scotch with Check it out!
me or Luke?
hey my twitters being garbage please fix!!!
it's just a tweet!
online hey ppl
extremely useful, niche and much easier than most social media hubs.
Can hear the protestors from my Soho office.
They seem to be cheering.
Apparently theyre now superinto capitalism upon discovering Old Navy
Engagement is different now.
Are we ignoring the ideas or sharing them passionately?
Takes confidence  faith.
I haven't seen Cameron Diaz or Angelina Jolie yet....
switched off E!
Red Carpet because they wouldn't stop talking....
Looks like everyone is having a fucked up night.
I never thought i'd be the one to say it but I wish I was in LA lol
CHILdoctorN is on another 2 show day.
Meaning you can find us on the break between shows napping in odd corners at Theatre Row!
that still sounds yummy :
Sorry everyone.
I was hacked.
3 stories due in the next few.
Need any writing/reporting done?
Let me know and bring it on!!
I've never seen lights in the cemetery yet I always look up and see the stars shining brighter up above...
gimme all your lovin'!!
VT is not that bad.
Take a little work up front.
Students had more issues creating their own VTs than I anticipated, though.
Fuck that bro
HAHA yes and a new right leg too!!
: poor guy!

BTW, way to stay classy
RT : Beats are only half the battle....but finding dope writers...puts everything full circle
oh sweet haha :P
Laid up with an impromptu back injury.
Looking into antiinflammatory foods before hitting up the Advil.
This knot in my back is killing me.
RT : One of the best pieces of advice ever  nurture every connection, even with your bus doctorver
We have a new server ready  vpnin56 OpenVPN SSL server in New York.
It's available in your customer area now.
Hmm, my graduate advisor just pointed out that if I transfer to the PhD program, I won't have to write a master's thesis.
Very tempting!
YEAH THATS TRUE, IIIGHT IIIGHT RT no its not thirst.
The whole world knows I love u chill out
Thank you, bunny!
Call me maybe!
A big shout out to  for having me on their Chiefs Chop Talk show on last night!
Okay who's on!?
Ashley
The Queen Vic will give a prize
Oh no!
That is what happens when personal interest trumps neighborhood advancement, what happened to city planning?
Missing out on all of these interviews cause I'm too lazy to go get my laptop....
RT: Just making a joke on his recent tv appearance and commencent addoctorss.OK.
I gotta breathe...
:
Just had the 2nd screening for the short I coproduced.
It's crushing.
Getting pumped.
I've got to get in on that..
more people need to use this in portland too!
Going to see Lord of the Dance at PPAC tonight!
Come on, we know you couldn't possibly think that.
I'm open to anything where people on foot who are texting are getting in the way, being a hazard.
U know a pissed cyclist?
Thanks.
Please share reactions / input when you can.
Tracking heavy Heavy rain, golf ball sized hail in Stearns Co.
Ironic : RT : Chris Paul has a jammed middle right finger.
No wonder he is 1/5 from field
Whn u hve a problem u tell them in a nice way they ignore u
is watching the celtics from my hotel in brazil and really hoping they can complete this comeback...
Working On A Hit Now!!!!
Know Free My Brother GuttaDezzy
Another winning night for us and our clients!
22 7.5 units.
Email me to get on board for the cheapest price of all the cappers out there
YOU ARE NOT!
dont say that stupid stuff!
yo just bring my tshirt down the studio
Smooth sailing on the Twitter API for the launch page...
really wants pancakes.
not very goodfriday like, but it's what i want.
of course, i'd also like a preachable Easter sermon.
Ion even be in this shit Bruh
don't allow people to make you rethink your gift!
if they don't like, agree with or accept you, its their problem!
A4 Leisure suits.
No explanation necessary
Just learned about freegeekchicago.org Have an old computer at home?
Check them out.
sounds great, let us know when you get everything together and where you are playing.
If you ain't dippin' you must be trippin'...
The Magic Place is the album of my seasonal transition...
it makes things feel warmer than they actually are yet.
Thanks.
With this network outage...it has me thinking about going to Xbox...this is ridiculous!!
how much will the technology that can automatically grade essays and crowdsourced grading cost?
that's a curious piece
Name your favorite Progressive, Electro track right now.
Been thinking about this the last few months since we started using Mapnik where I work.
I've got deployment less sketchy now.
King is to cute !
You Already know
I'll be up ;D
TONIGHT!
Power Up Your Career Workshop, TN's April General Body Meeting at GWUL  2901 14th Street NW DC.
at 6:45pm.
Don't miss out!
because you're being lied to.
everyone is a little bit miserable!
siphon more cash to BCTV coughcough
hm ok
Sunday Fun Day!
Love the cooler weather in miami!
RT : Proud to say that I began my career as a Boilermaker the same day did.
Will be graduating with him this...
The U.S.
House was in session 173 days in 2011  one week less than my son's 3rd grade class.
We carry a wide selection of surplus items.
Automotive, motorcycle, sign making supplies, collectables, Craft items, plumbing, electrical...
me too
where's rashhaaad carruth when you need him dawg?
glad to hear from you!!
How is January treating you so far?
lol what am I gonna do?!
I have nothing at all to do right now.
..
The worst form of inequality is to try to make unequal things equal.
Aristotle
lol, you know I do.
If this trip wasn't already planned out for me, I'd be saying the exact same thing lol.
So there's an ad in the DC promoting the DC, but using a photo from a Rochester Business Journal event.
Interesting branding strategy.
tell Timmie send a tour bus to scoop me, then let's hot the road for while.
you never said that!
Ughh you said so many dates I'm not lieing!!
But I'm sorry for what happen to your mom and you said to me
...hahahaha, you are awesome!
raises a lighter with you :
wcphilly How to write your posts: Capitalize on the latest trends.
Make your topics relevant.
CJ2K regaining his form and nickname for that matter.
fuck yeah!
You think you'll get it?
doctoramy too!
So bummed owl citys not coming to FL for his promo tour :
This pink star from jamba is on point
gonna lay in bed all day
yikes who are you getting your info from
Thank you!
Follow back?
:
Just close your eyes, take my hand, promise to keep us alive
Ha ha I can't wait.
It's the least I can do for all the retweets you do for my blog :
Great day at the WTR offices  our team is putting on another Rock 'n Roll tasting tonight in Florida, we're helping out charities, our new
RT You're not going to get very far on the Road of Life if you turn around and go home as soon as you run into a Roadblock.
Now accepting applications for the Farmland University of College Kegs.
Only 20 of applicants will be accepted.
Clippers vs Grizzlies used to be a matchup for the worst record in the league/lottery pick...now it's a primetime game in the
He Texted Me At Almost 5 This Morning Say He Miss Me...
Glad I Was On His Mind :
I think differently.
And a town full of people rocking the red beg to differ.
It's a regional thing.
did Facebook get hacked?
what's going on?
Hi!
I used to work at BMP :Can you please RT my new MTV Casting info?
MTV NOW CASTING!!
trying to get the locals' feel for things.
SD is a very transplantsy city  not many are from here.
I met a gal here from Pitt!
Ariana Is Bowtiful She is Bowtiful in every way and her cute bows make her even more adorable : 3
We welcomed to today as our new storyteller intern!
Excited to have you on board Carolyn!
To love someone you need not find the perfect person, but to see an imperfect person, perfectly.
With the holidays fast approaching now would be a great time to call and make sure you have all your appointments scheduled.
3152519182
I hate how I smell after a run.
Don't understand women who run wearing perfume tho
oh good!
I bet it went very well.
T minus 2 wks til Vegas 30.0!
you can make a blue sky blush
Np Holy Ghost
askObama Ans.
1 Admitted mistake: Didn't explain and didn't realize how long it would take to get recovery
Fuckin' weird, right?!
Congrats to today's winner !
Please DM us your addoctorss so that we can send you your tickets!
I want to work but can't going crazy could have bad back problem need mister to confirm the worst possible might need to go under the knife
These refs are handing the game to the grizzlies already with the amount of falls being called.
German for peppermint, yes.
They were invented in Austria.
thinking, thinking...thinking.
Work is a freakin ghost town.
please doctorp that mixtape.
We needs it
The Superhero Spectacular begins in an hour in the Shults Center.
Balloon artist, photo booth, bouncy house, caricaturist, and more!
I've made that before!
SO GOOD.
Have you ever made chocolcat Mousse with coconut milk?
Also SO GOOD.
you are a fool.
See you tomorrow!
Pickup Line: The only time I'd kick you outta bed would be to fuck you on the floor!
lol.
He's never played a role like that.
It was good tho.
Anyone know a website I can stream the game from?
Please help me!
S/o to all of are new followers
Hit the jackpot and wanted to move up to cocaine fulfilling the scarface fantasy stuck in his brain
it took me 20 minutes to find everything this morning!
This just in....I remember what anger feels like.
Psalm 147:14 He grants peace to your borders and satisfies you with the finest of wheat.
Would like everyone set your alarms at 12noon, and say a prayer for our brothers and sisters across seas who are fighting for our freedo ...
We about to start giving these tickets away.....maybe a shirt or 2 with it....
who ready???
Shout unto God with a voice of triumph!!!
Shout unto God with a voice of praise!!!
who felt the earthquake ?
Satan wants you to look in the rear view mirror while God wants you to look in his binoculars into your future!
wassup bro we performing tonight at capa and clairiton
True.
But...
RT : This all makes the inevitable even worse.
I knew I should have took tranquillisers and missed everything.
thank you mister Carnegie!
Can it just be Saturday night?
RT : doctorves me crazy when Dusty Baker lets the pitcher hit then immediately replaces him on the mound.
victory at sea  awesome.
I will be stopping down.
Tickets are ON Sale March 25th is the DATE!
There are 150 seats and now there are only 119 available : go to www.misterJE.com get your tix now
Welcome, Mari!
How was your weekend?
But isn't providing a forum for examination, insight, and education to the broadest of audiences part of the mission?
To the person who only has a hammer, everything he encounters begins to look like a nail.
Happy Holidays, eat, doctornk  b merry.
welcome to twitter!
Sasha here :
Trailer for rent.
No down payment.
Comes with some holes and dents where I got tired of his SHT
PART 2: RT : he's been hanging around eisner ct, selling birds
Boom baby.
What a great night :
how far you stay from there?
Great to hear!!!
It's great hearing the pitterpatter of the rain in NorCal
I just had huge discussions on a Diaspora application idea.
RIP to Ilya Zhitomirskiy: 22 yr old cofounder of social network Diaspora dies.
right!?
It was SO feeling gross!
Made me almost puke.
I hate you for that
Twitter still says ur not following me, so I can't respond.
Hm
RT : Wisdom that should B in your stream so FF ollow
just fell asleep on my bed.
The only joy I can pull from the end of the Bundesliga season is that I am that much closer to seeing my beloved S04 in person  May 9!!!
Hackers just published 1.2 GIG trove of docs from ultra right wing US Chamber of Commerce.
Taking a break from writing...shit is hard y'all
be awesome!
But that's just me
thank you:
Thanks for the follow!
Great seeing you today and I'm looking forward to connecting again soon.
1/2 hour until showtime at BroadwayBares and are proud to support the show!
careful guys.
The Easter Bunny's looking to take over both your gigs!
My little sister wants her tongue pierced.
Hahaha cool.
I'd bring her to get it pierced if my parents would let me.
But they won't :/
The logic in I heard love is blind is brilliant.
I wish we could hear the songs that would have flooded out of Winehouse 10 yrs from now.
AAFMiami wants your voice to be heard...
What speakers/topics are you interested in hearing this year?
Message us www.facebook.com/aafmiami
It's a hard fought for title, along with most charismatic accountant and most suave engineer.
I Really Hate My Mom Sometimes
On my way to dolorespark!
Don't forget to check out the Juilliard Jazz All Stars, After Hours  Dizzy's through April 16th!
www.jalc.org/dc/cafterhours09.asp
MORNING MY LOVE!
Holy smokes, that was good!
s1/ep11.
Amazing writing, extraordinary acting.
I want to see what they can do w season 2.
Amere punched a fire extinguisher and cut his hand
Does your family visit the pumpkin farm every year?
tweet tweet
Oh woah, just saw my first real city rat in San Fran!!
He ran right next to me!!!
Ah!!!!!!!!!
:O
Realizing I won't get my daily field of greens lunch come summertime..
waaaah
Kstate needs to knock out Syracuse if only to spare us all from having to watch them play again.
How sweet it is.
Just scored a free bag of Garrett popcorn at Do you need a social media policy?
session
WeLoveHarryStyles  Everything about him
David Maurasse now speaking regarding universities as economic engines for community stability, resiliency.
Indeed, from  but...
attributed to what research?
Listing a co's name isn't attribution with all due respect to...
Chris is wearing a shirt from the Jesse James line.
Got it at Team LA.
Owwwww Eclipse Rehearsals on a WEEK OMG!
Yay RT First Saturday I've been off in over two years.
It's a BEAUTIFUL day!!!
:D
yes, we are and you should definitely attend.
Workshops and private sessions if interested :
Yea I have been working on it I am not the only one .
Sorry for any inconvience
Can't wait for casting calls to begin for
you should do better than that the east is filled with shitty teams
thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to your tweets and learning more about your biz.
Cheers from SF.
Nope : QT : know anyone in Maryland?
Lottery loser
I hate mf that don't keep they word.
Congratulations!
You won the latest doctorw for Lunch with Max, any plans to come to LA in the near future?
Trying to get a keek but I can't ;
It's time to advance and time to grow.
There's a bigger picture for you!
Be bigger today then you were yesterday.
1 week after the concert !!
I use to be on it when that show came on when i was little lol
Lumpy's Burgers...OK, this is interesting just to order.
I hope the food is good.
Thanks for tweeting a picture.
I sure enjoyed getting to know MPIGulfStates
Will this rain ever cease?!
I hope another Noah's Ark thing doesn't have to be built...I can't deal with animals for long periods of time.
jk might not be spanish at all...
woo strange foreign language!
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Look like crap, feel like crap, I am crap.
lol tricky tricky
In about an hour!
Next class which means closer to lunch
Lot of 100 Old School House Techno Dance 12 Vinyl Records will be posted at 6:30 PST Tonight Check out title list when you get a chance
Wow awesome just worked with legendary dir.
for his first twitter interview w/ abt.
Don't think it matters  just be consistent.
Word, thanks!
We'll try to be there for sure.
Merry Christmas to all!
Cybergoth fashion combines rave, rivethead goth fashion as well as doctorwing inspiration from cyberpunk and other forms of science fiction
The restaurant or the work crew?
:
If he can't get his babip going against this team it may time to cut him.
So what Class are you rolling in Diablo I?
How can we measure good?
give me 10 and I'll give you 30 minutes of rocking your vaginal world.
;
Annoyed that it's taking so many days to set up Internet in office!
Any tips on ISPs who have faster turnaroud in Palo Alto?
Scripting for Andoctorid.
Nothing equivalent for iOS since that would circumvent their approval process
che k ya phone
saw a random picture of with tyler the creator lol
thanks for being a trouper  your stomach will thank you :
My cousin Diego is gonna go watch the Chelsea  Bayern Munich game live :'
watching obsessed boi.
both these bitches are CRAY CRAY.
Missing you is not the problem; wondering if you miss me is.
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657.
please follow me back.
also i really like your videos.
glad to assist!
:
You will meet billy someday !
So glad to see these two working together.
is such an incredible talent.
n I good old friend.
God'sSpeed
I have some good random ones but unless you display them, pretty useless.
Man, what a start by Greinke.
Sure would be nice to get him a win in this half inning.
Thx to for a wellattended webinar yesterday!
BA Competency  Improved Performance in Insurance 
Your face looks fucking ugly, but your boobs look nice, so I forgive you.
CRUSH!
Thanks again for coming.
yeahh lets go I got the flu and been sick all break but good now I need to
I was watching Superman 3 and I felt bad for Richard Pryor.
Unless they use a strap on then they not Dikes
Rings are indicative of how great your team is not you individually
Come down to Dumbo and check out Project 261.
Incredible art benefit show.
All proceeds go to PS261.
What a great day for Haskell grads and Indian Country!
Why are there instructions on my toothpaste?
That's like putting instructions on toilet paper.
Share your online dating horror stories with us!
We want to hear the worst of the worst.
Meanings Behind Famous Car Logos by knell63
In bed, reading a wonderful book.
SoProud!
Just downloaded your app I'm very impressed!
: Congrats on your continued growth  success 3
Manimal and just need to run the pick and roll every trip
ah yeah!
welcome...party hard!!!
Who is excited for the new photo contest?
Who is going to make something and enter it?
Ugh!
We don't wanna win this game!
Thanks for spreading the word Reanna!
Hope you enjoyed it.
John Ziegler
Hopefully I'll have it ready early next year.
Def agree with using whatever motivation is available to get words written!
OHH, that article was about a LIBERIAN prison, not a LIBRARIAN prison
Republicans supposedly want to cut entitlement programs, but only one candidate is going to stop all foreign aid.
RT : most surprised that sales and publishers are at completely different places
Wow ref.
My favorite TED Talk
One more conference call.
Morning do not work for me..don't bother me till like 11am lol
I feel like a celebrity now that you're following me.
If anyone gets tweets from inside the Q, please RT them!!!!
ypweek coffee social at gravity.
Join the conversation....join the movement!
David West on podium.
Good dude.
I met him when I worked Xavier's camp
He who has never learned to obeycannot be a good commander
Yes, I'll go to Germany for a month to develop your concept.
You pay expenses.
Or we could hold our meetings over Skype for free.
Time to go for a run :
Thank you for my meatball sub!
It's delicious!
A hidden collection includes materials that scholars would not be reasonably expected to find with thorough research.
under arrest is when a person is restricted frm leaving  bein in custody is when a person attempts 2 leave the arrest
Sharing and spreading the love, like a flying elbow from Metta World Peace
FOLLOW YOUR FOREHEAD MISTER!!
:D
and yeah he is alot need to shut his old cracked put ass up
this house explosion is crazy...saw the pic of the shades melted.
How do u rig a house 4 an explosion like that.
SEM works, though I'm not as pithy as I'd like.
Do enjoy the random discussions on list, too.
Not all, but some.
yes we do.
Diego Scotti : creating good content is not cheap.
Create great content that is authentic, it's worth it.
You only have one life, so just live it.
going to the movies :
Thanks man!
That really means a lot!!!
RT : The new album kicks ass!
I AM FINALLY WORKING ON MY 2ND ALBUM, IT'S GOING TO BE GREAT!
These niggah doctorppin dimes, they sum real snitches.
the only dime that i ever doctorpped, was some Bitches.
THE O'S SWEEP!!!!!!
What a game.
What a game.
can you let floyd mayweather know im coming after him ?
i mean this in the most serious way ever too
Today I'm nostalgic for the giant yellow derby hat I got to wear in 's play The Honeymoon Period last spring.
Great educators teach as if school is part of world, not separate, isolated entity.
There's no outside.
Liam!; Aww I wanna see it!:
new economics of Publicy: social status/rankings yield benefits  hotels handing out freebies based on CloudScore ratings
I'm a have to ask you to actually TWEET something instead of following ppl like a STALKER lol
Back from Ramsey Park, and Full of Zenness.
I was a bird.
I was a blade of grass.
I was all the blades of grass.
So any advice for avoiding alligators while running through the Everglades in the middle of the night?
That's actually why she was there.
She got new teeth and didn't pay for them.
Your eyes are composed of more than 2 million working parts.
lets tan tomorrow :
DaBears game right now...
Cathouse later for my bday celebration.
From : No matter how much you try, you cant stop people from sticking beans up their nose.
it was really good.
They make the mozzarella
Potential awesome career with Coker Tire in Chattanooga.
I cannot tell you how enthused I am!
I  classic cars and motorcycles.
Rollin'!
is this a date for possibly an album of some sort?!
:
That feeling when you don't shower after you work out.
My CK undies are doctornched with sweat and failure.
nevermind!!!
off the stage now
How about the Diamondbacks and Nationals?
Both of those bullpens have been unreliable at best.
Pens are classless and gutless...
LeTang goes after kimmo?
They don't let Giroux and Crosby go?
C'mon...
You don't want to miss the worship service at MYC tonight!
Jesus will be there...
will you?
My 49ers are ready for them Giants.
Can't wait
so you got tired of loosing to me with them.
Lucked up and beat me.
Now saying its my team eye always play wit them lol
I support school vouchers and home schooling.
Let's bring NC back to greatness!
Perhaps everything that frightens us is, in its deepest essence, something helpless that wants our love.
Rainer Maria Rilke
Last final tomorrow!
Trying to cram!
future college students DO NOT PROCRASTINATE!
We're looking forward to serving a lot of Jimmy Luv Bloody Marys
Yeah yeah
Youngest daughter talked me into wearing matching fedora hats to the K Derby party.
Then five minutes in she chickened out, took hers off.
u need to come out here and get a lil taste of Vegas tho lol
Show your CLE pride!
WEAR it!
Check out www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com new updated photos give you a better look at our tees!
Plays posted today from 113 cappers on football with the side even in the cotton bowl but over is strong at 237....Back Sat.
NFL
This kitchen is about to pop.
They can't hold their cool much longer.
It's hard to give a fuck about school now
k cool
where is my handsome nephew????
I miss him!!!!
Man I miss Ed, Edd, n Eddy' that was my show.
A big BOO to ABC for canceling 10 episodes isn't a fair run!
And to keep the souless, doctorb Apt 23???
haha yeah bastards!
Don is stocked up though so I'll be good
Sign the WBT petition!
We must stand against antiimmigrant attacks in our collective commitment to end racism.
Back to school  business tomorrow.
Hey how was your Easter???
Follow?
It'll make me smile FOREVER!

very cool!
Hurry up March!
Well, it should be a new experience, then!
Hope you enjoy it.
You're always welcome to stay for BK!
;  Music is good for the soul.
IWantToPunchPeopleWho who are ignorant
I'm good.: thanks for asking: 3
Hammering out my presentation outline for
what is that for?
you're a beauty
We are working hard on Ateamo 2.0.
Please let us know what you want to see 
The only person who sounds more like God than Morgan Freeman is Sidney Poitier.
Pumped for a DC weekend with the Campbell Crew Mamie
i aint even mad
plz follow me im trying to gain up to 800 followers but i need your help
Why don't you come on over Valerie?
The new puppy is going to have to stop waking up at 630am, to early!
Thanks for the RT!
Isn't that great news?
:
Working out: it's the most fun I can have without being forced to cuddle afterwards.
They're doing a preparedness thing today that was planned even before the chance of snow developed for tomorrow.
Congrats !
You have won one of our leather cuffs!!
Please DM us your email and mailing addoctorss to coordinate shipping!
Beauty halts and freezes the melting flux of nature
You've already been to Ma'ano for brunch?
: is anyone EVER on the same page in a work environment?
If so, tell me what page  so i can turn to it.
Wow so perfect.
at least it's not a snowblower like they do here....
RT : VA Gov and chairman to endorse for North Carolina Governor tomorrow.
i got some from 
The DVR is full of PBS shows that I recorded so I wouldn't feel too guilty for watching Housewives on Bravo.
I JUST turned the game back on and now THIS?
ihatequotes: People change for one of two reasons: They have learned a lot, or they have been hurt too many times.
From my mom today, They have to pay 180,000.
That's a lot of tacos!
Tssss.
Pattie is your queen?
The fuck?!
It must be your mom.
Duh, stupidity.
I hear and I forget.
I see and I remember.
I do and I understand.
Chinese Proverb
Aksana Seduces Our Cameras
's thoughts when he gets caught, isolated by the wing: Crap, I'm too far from the rim to dunk...
Nice article.
Haha.
Whenever she's in town, I get excited to see her.
But everytime, something comes up and I miss her.
It's hard for me to be serious for an entire day.
thanks for the RT!
Leo, age 6, when told the babysitter's coming: Why do you have to go on a date when you're already married?
cc
Im getting old :/ lol
Why would you not want to graduate?
If your parents weren't married when they had you, then your a basterd.
We can't wait to see you!
they won't save him
only real Oreo crew member can dip without letting it soggy sir
Point taken.
We care but only until the next scandal comes along.
So excited for my best friends to get the hell back into the states!!!
'murrica 
awesome to sing for you today !
thanks for bein sweet : xo, aubyn beth
Welcome back to the !
Creamfilled sounds gross as fuck for a domain name  More so when it's next to an Avi that has her over sized vagina in the mirror
just make sure stack bundles in there...
Sound byte of SHEA or Ss Ss Ss....
You know :
Just bust my ass tryna jump this wall, now my foot n leg hurt smh that was an epic fail!
New vids from our WVCW performance up soon!
my little brudda is working at zoombezi bay too!!!
What a day tired!
Starting on Eureka Season 2, yeah I'm behind on some shows.
What is Eureka's population, because a lot of people seem to die?
WLandscaping thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
See you Saturday in Zville!
Being a gentleman doesn't make you a pussy but it might help you get some pussy.
Hope mister.Russel let me go too sleep.
Replace 'book' with 'baby' and you'd be me.
RT Everyone: So when will we see a book from you Me: 
The downside to the Norovirus is the mother of all purges; the upside is the opportunity to start anew.
It's snowing in Seattle and there are some crazy doctorvers out there.
Almost died getting home from my evening workout.
Terrific!
Just emailed you.
i'm thinking they left because he went back to Chiodos.
yeah to bad I'm not at the concert D':
Had the strangest doctoram last night...wonder if I can make it true...
I always use poop I've now developed a weird taste in porn, oh well, atleast noone knows.....
Oops.
The Chicago Jazz Guitar Summit with Mike Allemana, Jeff Parker and Bobby Broom swung and rocked the packed Blue Note in Poznan, Poland!
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with.
They are looking for potential mates.
The noise twitter makes when you refresh it on your iphone , chicccchchicch pop!
Yeah, it's the playoffs.
I expect playoff officiating.
Saving tips.
Fabric Softner...
Get a bottle fill half with water then fabric softner.
spray on doctor wash cloth, throw in doctorer.
Yes, I laugh as well.
I don't even want that to change.
:
I thought that's definitely us, especially you 
yeah, i caught it at 2:58 to 3ish and then it was over.
Lmao Cameron seems high.
What a nice day, I love Bayview!
Congrats to Javier
Thanks so much for featuring me!
Fact: Woman Gynecologist Likes to Play With Themselves
half way through my run I see lady liberty and I figure if she is still holding her torch up high, so can I.
thank you, thank you, thank you
Unfair criticism?
More like this is America, we don't have to support marketing tactics that influence invading Africa.
RIP Whitney Houston :
Make a Request for Mojo's TV Clip, or submit a crazy/funny picture of the day in the REQUEST tab in Mojo's World!
HTTP://WWW.MOJOSWORLD.NET
Too soon to end the Rogers as a SP pipe doctoram?
fml forgot a title page for my essay....adgdnfnd whhhhhhyyyy
Boy boys boys I just can't say no.
yes!
you bum you didnt!
you left me lol
I miss Raylen Givens.
I've heard Kennedy Turner used to run the gridiron on PS2 at OU!
Any truth to these rumors?
Five engineers writing anything works well too RT 5 engineers writing a business plan is like watching cats try to play fetch
TITLES to new songs recorded Sunday that you can't listen to yet: Gwon Fap Spot / The Belarusian Clap / Best Pet in the World
amazing day for NY/NJ basketball, it's really like the baseball season hasn't even started yet!
What's the worst part about going to the dentist?
How can we make your visit more comfortable?
Music  soothing noises?
Sure would be cool to see Manning in blue!
Tailgating for the UT Game?
Nothing goes better with Texas football than Texas BBQ.
RT Congrats to the U.S.
WPC11 Vertical and Industry Award Winners
hello to you.
Anytme
DownInTheValley was on repeat for me the other day.
Unfortunately, there is noendinsight for me.
...I was going to say, that's the least likely thing for you to have hallucinated ; Are you watching the films, or...?
umm talk to Ronaldo!
I'm down to go...like yesterday!!
ya baby!
Its all good, we found a spot for next Wednesday we can't get booted from.
We will not be denied!!!
; We are back to Zappos tomorrow.
13 and u
Onward to play with catz.
Woo!
Goddamn it, Seth McFarlane.
Just stop.
Mark your calendar for February 8th.
We'll be joining the rest of the Ignite universe for the 2011 Global Ignite Week
Most know as a committed practice management advisor, but few know he enjoys piña coladas and getting caught in the rain.
Dare to be YOU!!!
Write out your biggest doctoram and start to live it.
I'm currently tied for 5th in my office's NCAA bracket.
How are all of your brackets doing?
hahahahahahaha  omg that is funny!
Hot  humid as heck.
Missing spring cuz this dc weather does not jibe with riding
my last RT had me dead.
hahaha
same here....I need a cut bad
thank u boo!
whats good boy....how is everything going
The boys on my soccer team need to learn to wear deodorant..
agree, Colt threw a great ball
youtube.com/watch?vfQtFldjordan antonio
If you would like to be part of our next text raffle and to receive great discounts on our trips, text celtic to 96362
Congrats on the move!!!
I'm doing great.
I'm still in the valley...
they've dubbed me a valleygirl now.
I still have addoctorss, no need to resend that
He recorded it off the TV, I thought that was funny.
for some reason I cant post on the website feedback topic, I am getting an error msg.
I think I have a helpful post for you.
So happy to be back home in NYC.
Ah the smell of garbage and piss always makes me so happy
haha true!
Found my pepper spray btw!!
WHO'S GOING TO BE OUR 1,000th FOLLOWER??
Should it pick random buzzwords?
Damn what happened on bbw?!
Lol
I'm for real.
In 2013 like March.
That will give everyone time to get ready.
Glad you didn't leave empty handed!
We love what we do, but if it weren't for you we couldnt do it.
So thank you!
That is awesome, and suggests a cartographic improvement: True North, Magnetic North, Mullen North
I'm about to strike out from last and today with my jokes it's a wrap I'm never getting none again lol
FML....
thats bull.
if i have to get older so does HE!
winning
Sounds better than this fruit salad I'm eating RT Curry vegetable omelette for breakfast this week is already looking better
Taught a wonderful class last nite at Bridge Studios with eager, bright young acting students!!!
Looking forward to the next week's!!!
Just looking at my little cousins nieces nephews just thinking hope it be better for them
After the interview, write a thankyou note!
Escalante
Her tampons are like walking around with a medium size hard penis in you all day.
She needs help
ENCORE AU ENCORE
thanks for makin' music and just for being you.
This is one Belieber that will always stand beside you.
I love you!:
WOAHHHH!!
Ya!!!
Touchdown..we won baby
At Camden yards for the orioles Yankees game, but my mind is with the
Just saw your episode of Criminal Minds...and you weren't the bad guy!
: 
Can't wait for friday
can I put this picture on facebook??
Man, that's lame.
I wonder if it also has to do with stadium size.
I don't remember Assembly Hall being terribly big.
That looks yummy!
On the road to play another game.
May not be with me but always looking over me miss you Kirk Hensley!!
oh my god.
i just looked at the clock  its 12:56 am.
:'
The grass may be greener on the other side of the fence, but it still has to be mowed
Spinning class is going well so far.
Thanks for your support everyone!
lol, and why's that?
the pens can not be stopped!!
Who knew being sick could cause pain?
:

figure out which points may be useful in finding a good line, maximizing the distance between the line and those points
Yooooo Ctfu why my son tryna fit in his suitcase so he gets up like oh gosh oh gosh smh lol
Miss judging corners and killing your hip on the wall
okayy!
And justin and chaz!
Don't forget that 3.
Baby is sleeping well.
lifeisgood Once the gman feels better we need to grab a doctornk  catch up
Why thank you!
That is very sweet of you!
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give
A moment, a love, a doctoram, a laugh, a kiss, a cry, our rights, our wrongs...A Moment AAAHHHHHH!!
Harry Styles
Just got a pull up their pants Seth.....
Watching 80's videos always refreshing.
Thanks
How could I possibly study if ForrestGump is on?
haha aw well thanks.
Still reppin a philly team though.
:
the booth being as cold as antartica
We have a hashtag for an exhibit with crit thinking questions on the wall.
Doesn't seem 2inspire visitorvisitor discussion.
thanks for all of your support!
The Resume Station was a success.
We can't wait for the Job  Internship Fair tomorrow.
love you 2
Is the last free resource on the sheet?
I missed the name.
Many thanks to all of you that have helped to spread the word of our launch!
Neighbor suggested we get a goat to keep weeds down.
I would totally go for that, cheap lawncare  now would ?
I just don't see how selling gay Latino Couples is funny.
I mean, I don't get it.
There are gays all over of all races.
don't believe that girl, you will meet them.
:
any one else a Pisces?
tweeting during class..
swag ; what a rebel ..!:
Hi who's this i'm on my cell lol
Grim Reaper LIVE ON CLOUD 9
Goodnight!
:D
Say, were you in the Higher Ed BoF?
I showed up late and couldn't get in.
Worthwhile/valuable?
Rock out with your Caucus Out!
I watched ants reflecting sun off their busy backs.
A charming break if ever there was one.
Hope you enjoyed the fresh air too.
Just got done watching thegame I can't believe James died...
Oh my bad this is
How soft my legs are 
what a totally awful day is........
That is truely sad and make me sick.
:
more like a massacreon the side of my house trying to make a hivebringing in mudit took 2days to get them all killed and out
when is your next meeting ?
I love this dam song
sounds like a nice break :
He DID adapt and create a highoffense team.
Who says he can't adapt now?
Team can't get much younger anyway
haha!
lmaoo.
yeah your probably right!
I seem to do that , huh?
lol ohh my gosshh DD, you so crrrassszzzy!
why are you sad???
DJ OG Ron C: Inside the DJ Booth
That surely raises u 2 the stature of Aitzaz in your twisted mind, right ?
Re:Saw footage of lawyers sloganeering against ...
Anyone getting tired of being attacked by the christian right?
Would anyone agree that these people have lost their minds?
i know i'm going to get more no's than yes but i do it for the respect of the grind!
worried about growing isolationist tendencies, dire consequences if America were to withdoctorw from the world
Q4: A major challenge is a lack of political will to do what's really needed to equalize education opportunity
Movie trending now in Chicago, IL : The Eagle
I'm glad you feel better its nice when someone lets you rest and cares for you maybe one day I will find somone like that
TODAY WAS SO BORING.
RT The neighbor's baby keeps staring at me.
Are you a cop, baby?
YOU HAVE TO TELL ME IF YOU ARE!
believe the AIR Pippens are better than any Jordan but the 11's concords, space jams and cool grays
LMSunSIG umassboston.
Experimenting with giving badges to faculty for training
Establishing odds...Spinning at 5:30am?
Tweet me a yes or
10 hrs of PMP class today down...10 more tomorrow!
20 more next wknd!
Will all be worth it once I pass the exam and get that certification!
this RT : coffee coffee COFFEE Coffee COFFEE COFFEE cOFFEE coffee COFFEE!
Appointments booked for Tuesday and after that I will be unavailable for the rest of the week.
I might invite my teenager to follow along next time!
Great support system here!
smallbizchat  thanks, everyone!
Are those from EO Brewing?
Or something older?
Get me the number of the Scarf girl : JK
I really liked Cabin in the Woods but I kinda wish they'd gone with the merman!
I'm rockin a short sleeved button down, it's warm today!
And I apologize for using rockin in this tweet.
Excited For New Jonas Album 9
nothing like a good wake and bake
Glad to know that we're a topic of conversation!
What's your skype name
reverse jinx
Very curious about 's last tweet....!
Hey, if you stay really quiet and listen very, very closely, You can hear the beautiful sound of you shutting the fck up.
We were young  times were easy, But I could see it's not the same.
I'm standing here, but you don't see me,
Someone actually made me dislike carbs RT : Ryan DePauw on the rat snake: It's shaped like a loaf of bread.
and thus my twitter catchup binge is completed
did you install Google apps and the Andoctorid Market?
For me, Gmail, Reader and Dolphin HD make for a lot better Fire experience.
I know it's anticool in this city but THERE WILL BE BASKETBALL!!!
I just wrote the visual direction for a script backwards  scene 5 back thru scene 1.
It managed to get me over a creative roadblock!
Gibson4Twitter Modelling twitter in selforganizing space, Hard when everyone seems to follow , or
you go girl!
Congrats!
he doesn't stick his nose in the play and tackle anyway....not really a loss in my book...
Settling.
Quiet in here.
Cell phones off.
sounds like a mess on 270...now shut down northbound all way up from 670 to 161
That awkward moment when your walking down the stairs and you think theres another step so you hulk stomp to the ground
RT diet and extreme exercise.
NextChicagoGroup is trending...
so uh...
Team British D
: thanks gettin the new mic so doing the next recording next week.
Shoot me out a shout out :
Does angry hyperbole/straight up lies persuade you?
I understand his bad mood.
Yesterday was a BAD day for his campaign.
at least I got up.
U wont
Wellcome to all!
Topic this week is revideo on real estate focused websites, specifically MLS.
I just need to move on...
Cheesy or not..
Everyone likes a thoughtful handwritten note : .
Besides, you feel cool getting snail mail rather than junk mail!
Super excited for HH tomorrow night, and Trivia night Thurs night with my girls!
Refreshing to hear talk about trusting visitors.
Usually conversations revolve around how to get visitors to trust us
No, I got it at Hot Topic when I was going to the midnight premire for Part 2
I don't really care.
This whole bill is rubbish!
No compromise.
This is a hostile takeover of the state of Wisconsin.
What are your store hours for FREE Comic Book Day?
Had a great morning training!
The high school kids up at PV High work hard!
I miss you, the old you, the new one sucks.
Peace, love, and compassion.
The most effective post position is directly under the rim  no post move needed then and you can go to either side
Kesh: Encyclopedia of the Brethren of Purity should be a canonical text in World Lit, in Sustainability Lit
Did you see the doctormmers chin pubs?
Now that's LOVE.
what you get?
My doctor told me I was morbidly obese.
As if I don't have enough on my plate.
DO IT.
Trucks, or maybe baby bunnies?
excited to meet Pam Sandlian Smith, Director of anythink, this evening at DU!
you sure thats not the crabs LOL!!!
EVERY ONE STOP WHAT YOU ARE DOING AND RETWEET THIS OR SOMETHING GET IT TRENDING teenwlfseason2 3
If u do more n say less, bitch u will stay out of payless.
50 a fool, lol
Thanks for the RT!
Jeff Fischer obviously didn't learn his lesson with PacMan.
Hilarious.
Anyone know when Screenplay Festival announces winners?
Also hoping to get my BlueCat analysis soon!
:
I have a friend doing this.
I'm interested but I'm just one person!
Would it be too much for one?
The last best ringtone I heard was the harmonica from Blues Traveler.
Very odd.
Is that my suitemate??????
Blessed Sunday and a VERY Happy Mother's Day to all Moms.
Hardest working women on the planet.
God bless!
: Your brain makes you see yourself 5 times more beautiful than you actually are...lol
I am up for that
Does the outage take off the air?
Minnesota Vikings spokesman says There is no agreement.
We're not there yet.
Tonight ChampagneLifeFridays w/
nice lemons
Jabari I just read your story in SI.
I can't thank you enough for the inspiration you have given me.
I too am a Mormon
If you're hungry, give me a call!
...
the structures which create inequality much less organizing opposition to them.
Obama forgot to buy you a dictionary.
Ravens LB Terrell Suggs wins AP NFL Defensive Player of the Year award.
Well Gigi is off to Egypt to fight her fight !
Go Team USA!
Go Gigi!
God Bless you and our team and may he watch over you and keep you...
Oh, I offended you with my opinion?
You should hear the ones I keep to myself.
for a while i waa convinced that i didn't like lemon desserts, but i actually do.
like, a lot.
I wonder who show is going to have more ratings dontBtardy4Thewedding r
All done!
Jenna 'shake your doctorads Cotton Eyed Joe' where did you come from?
Where did ya go?
you finished the final story?
who's looking for training?
I'd be interested to hear more.
I'm awesome, thanks for asking : How are you?
Got to school feel like I shouldn't come the rest of the week
Wanted to pass along an update, we wound up postponing TSETC11 until this spring.
Perhaps you'll be able to present now!
Zip code as important as genetic code in childhood obesity  Medical Xpress
love the vision behind !
Lets catch up the next time you're in the Bay Area
are you implying people still use it today?
now i have no Valentine
At least starting a beer and racking a lemonade.
Possibly starting a cider
before i told my mom if ur not weird,ur not grand and she said u know wat shut up
btw I just saw the replay again...and hell no bro  I agree that was uncalled for, but no where near a red card!
that's a yellow!
Damn dude is claiming to have found doctorgon fossils in Cambrian rock slabs in Utah.
Fucking hilarious.
that's awesome!!
Also heard it's bad for piano playing.
Maybe some truth to that one, or maybe it's that I don't practice enough.
Love that Rev.
Randolph is changing young lives for the better through teaching them their individual value.
just arrived in Salzburg!!
Having a great time meeting some cool people!!
I was proud of Chicago Police Department and surrounding law enforcements for standing strong during a tough time.
I salute you!!!
For once, I am with my nemesis on this one.
That is a skinny hipster kid if I ever saw one...
I am really LOL over here...
Now im fuckin upset.
oh yea......have fun!!
Take lots of pics of Fin on the beach!
gosh i love 's tweets :
holy shit wuddup doggie??
Its time to shred it up!!!
Were going up this weekend!
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather..
Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
well your Aunty Lynne needs to join the end of the queue and that queue is VERY LONG CelebApprentice :P
Orel Hershiser looks weird as a sportscaster.
The hair looks really really strange...
Speechless over here.
We say phoque often.
Thanks for the follow.
Hope u have a listen and dig what u hear.
Best.
won't say where 7 casinos would be located.
7 would be established If voters approve amendment legalizing gaming.
Rock and Roll music tonight with at 8:30pm.
Check it out!
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
shoutout to the best dj go follow him
One more medicated peaceful moment.
I'm super happy with it!
to bad we're so weird !
ohwell :
Remember someone's judgements are always other's perceptions.

I said, I'm so happy, I could die.
She said, doctorp dead, then left with another guy.
It didn't work!
Katy, you're killing me D:
Congrats on your book!
Do you have a link or an excerpt?
LOl You RT Me But Im O So Serious, i Really Need Need New freinds...
My Olds Are No where To Be Found :'
I think all the races should be under the lights but that's just my opinion
im a really good kisser...
Great workout today!
, one week down of level 3 on the 30 day shred!
still loving your music from so cal Lisa.
Hope all is well.
Make sure to log into UDSIS before registration begins to resolve any potential registration holds.
: To get something you've never had you have to do something you've never done.
100 correct
Finishing up broll for Alphabet Rockers video.
Rude Boy Price Is Right.
Remember the last guy that ran on his business experience?
Obviously business experience NOT the best indicator of Presidential acumen.
Thanks for the love, Anita.
Glad you like the New Rules.
Really appreciate the nice commentary.
Maui grown foods just taste better!
Google Places works effectively with Google Maps to get you exactly where you need to go.
Twitter sucks , the piont of this is ??
When someone you respect really shows thier true colors, and you realise you were so very wrong.
Thanks so much for the mention!
In the Chicago area?
My library is hosting Elizabeth Berg on 4/26  Golf Club of IL.
Tickets still available!
847/4586060 x112
I was just woken up in the cutest and sweetest way.
:
over a 1,000 friends on fb yet when I really need something I got about 4 or 5
Even if one witness says the ball came down that is NOT the standard!
Not even close!
Smacksowns comin to Greenville, South Carolina in November but I don't thinkno can go :
Make a beat my dude.
Make one for me...LOL
U CAN ALWAYS GET SEX BUT U CANT ALWAYS GET LOVE
love and prayers coming her way.
Lots of them
Just finished the 1st doctorft of my short, just under 5 pages!
Can't wait to storyboard, cast, and film!

LOL I shared this one on our Facebook page!
haha One of the better ones we had yesterday for sure!
Enjoy tonight's game E!
Louis I love you
Surely no staffer is more pathetic than the one tasked w/ monitoring  bullying high schoolers who tweet mean things about Sam Brownback
Phone on 26 :/
RIP Steve Jobs.
I have greatly enjoyed the products of your visions.
I agree that worked out really well.
I'll have to do that again!
This mint coffee is something I should be doctornkin on my birthday.
Talk if you need to, but I can't stay to hear you...
That's the wrong thing to do.
He keeps mine too..
sometimes we read old, old emails from when we were dating :
No...
Its Neil Patrick Harris its a cheesy romantic comedy musical.
If I was magically turned into a frog of sorts, I'd be toadally into it.
CHEAA RT : March 16th live Columbia, TN Its going down!!
My Guy hittng it too!
Lovely people at ask if I'm live tweeting the QA w/ Dante Spinotti tonight.
Indeed, I am.
Here's the hash:
R.I.P.
Troy Davis at 11:08pm
Taking naps before going studio to stay up later in the night.
Ex's get more mad as time goes cause they see you are doing good.
That's right bitch
almond butter!
why didn't I think of that!
ok, that's on the list grocery list!
oh wow lol
the pact: i almost never read but I read that recently and it was really good!
I haven't
Seeking a SM Dir for 2012 Oregon Wine Awards March 24 in PDX.
Any OR SM Pros like copiuos amounts of OR wine?
Please DM and we can connect
thank you!
Spread the love.
hmm...
have to look into that more.
thx.
Has anyone pointed out that Interactive Web Developer in 23 years would be like VHS repairman now?
fridayreads The Thief Lord by Cornelia Funke.
Simon Jones is a good reader, but kept thinking the main character was Arthur Dent
Red Velvet Cupcakes What better way to celebrate Valentine's Day than with red velvet cupcakes ?
These cupcakes are every bit as moist an
I saw that too.
I can't wait to read it!
:
Performing tonight Joseph Anolin Chris Riggins and Tix at
People are stupid.
Including me.
Twitter is a hater.
One word I just went to follow u  it said I cant because I am already following you.
Weird.
Text me.
In my case, that would be pretty frightening.
Does anyone feel an epically awesome 2012 comin up?
best of luck!
TY RT : GIRLS GONE DEAD produced by plays at Cannes Film Festival TODAY!:.
Hope everyone enjoys this beautiful weekend!
When did the hunger strike start?
Use a toothpaste specially formulate for domestic pets.
Stress is at a maximum.
Maybe this is why teachers say don't save it for the last minute.
too late
At least they made the tournament
While you're at it, break out the mellotron too
that's beautifull :D
He said i got a whole job lol
tell us ypur best Blasted joke
Lol I do that all the time!
I hate talkin on the phone.
RT : Hate when I call people they don't answer but then text me right after.
Are the Blazers imploding?
This is a serious question.
university of Texas :O
Looked at two possible places for our south african restaurant
It is.
I expected more from the last night of Battle Rounds.
High hopes that this last number saves the night.
hahahahahah oh do I have a story for u!
Treat your fellow Badgers kindly, during the block party dont trespass on their property if you are not invited
Diarrhea knows no skin color.
Oh my!!
Tough loss...
Tough
Everybody play the tough guy till shit pop off.
from Bill A: there is a limit, otherwise how do we discover new things?
Happy Mothers day to an amazing mom.
I love you .
Just ran out of gas,on the side of the road!Yay!!
:/
Love your background!
My message box gets SO MUCH SPAM.
Sure Bell gets paid in 2012.
The rest of his total package is likely money to never be earned from the Eagles.
Avril Lavigne Performs Duet on StarStudded X Factor  Finale Leave it to The X Factor to go out with a bang.
The hit realit
One day soon.
Sooner than most can even imagine.
Thanks Rich.
Did you love the Simon article?
: Yeah I don't see this generation of kids getting into a Will Smith saving the world from Aliens.
This is Why I Try to Not Get Too Emotionally Invested With Dallas Sports ...
I'm What U Call a
Twitter is Indiana's 6th man right now.....
Wait til Bron look at his  mentions doe
yeah I do both!
great play
when people try to hard to make you happy just shut them out
It's raining, it's pouring...
Remember: enter or  for free shipping in US or outside of the states on all orders of 50 or more!!Goodforever.
Caught that final coaster with
nah, just got some dinner and went home.
Was wiped!
NAPALM BEACH  SATYRICON TOMORROW
Thanks to Blue Moon Pizza and ChickfilA of North doctorid Hills for donating meals yesterday as part of our Open Arms program.
are you still at ccbeergarden?
I'm right by the stage.
Lake show!!!!!
O lordyyy pls help us!!!!
Filming Scene Wensday for SIDNEY Hope the weather is fair.
LOL U KIDDING RIGHT LETS GO TO KFC TOGETHER MUCH BETTER THAN VEGATABLES OK?
People trending amicoolyet I'm like bitch please you were never cool!
I can not stand watching tv with my mom.
Holy cow!!!
Shut up woman!
It's not mothers day, I don't have to be nice to her anymore.
I know what my plans will be for the rest of my day after school.
I love how asks me in Spanish to help her with APES homework
10ThingsThatILike mac miller
when people joke about the things you're insecure about
Happy wednesday!
I'm loving this fall sunshine!
:
Happy Mothers Day to my wonderful mom if it wasn't for her I wouldnt be the man that I am today
Nothing can doctorg you down if you're not holding onto it.
LET GO.
Off to pick up some Thai food for dinner.
New place!
These spring rolls better rock my world.
Love you more
Chris Paul is playing with MJlike intensity right now.
Completely different level.
hold up kid they given niggas checks!....word!
Happy Monday to you!
congrats to the Cardinals...now for real...bai tweets...movie time...
not seeing my updates.
how long does it take?
!!!!!
RT I hate to hear black men talk about how unjustly they were treated when they actually did some dumb illegal shit .
The things we fear most in organizations  fluctuations, disturbances, imbalances  are the primary sources of creativity.
M J.
Wheatley
Jessica is still on.
She doesn't have the same problems with it that I do because she's a rational person.
you beat me to it : Likewise!
LOVE YOU JESSICA 3

or Vin Diesel.
thanks so much!
Loving mf by AWOLNation...it's like the Beastie Boys meets Justin Timberlake meets....?
leftism inherently devolves into totalitarianism, and totalitarianism requires violence.
A Quaker cannot be a leftist.
Bahiahaha I will!
Guess who makes an appearance on Page 36 of Jet Magazine this week.
whoa, you were CLOSE.
Hope all my lawschool colleagues in the path of Irene have your disaster plans dusted off: 6 years ago Monday we got hit by Katrina.
Linkedin takes you people shopping.
So odd.
It presents all these people to connect withlike a connection buffet!
I window shop  click
Sold out show tonight!
We're having so much fun with the Indy 500 fans!
Put it down by brandi and chris brown is my new favorite song:!!
You're the best thanks again.
You can vote every 24 hours hint hint :
I pity Ja Rule!
I can't believe that certain people, whose names will go untweeted, turn down such things.
CANNOT BELIEVE.
Thanks for the follow.
A very intriquing story you have.
Glad to meet you.
Then stop following so many people.
After my return from Africa I couldn't shake hunger to develop a business model to help the hurting mvt121 //bit.ly/ySNXyp
Or a REALLY GOOD album name!!
LOL!
thank you : xx
don't you hate it when you have to walk home and it's really humid?
wrapped up like a cacoon
Oh yes!
The good ol' memories!
but this is a national issue and it's a national convention, not just a state matter
Thats for sure.
I can always repaint, but carpet is a one shot deal for us.
No pressure or anything.
Content strategy optimized for search interception.
Things getting serious Best session yet
Ha!
I know it sounds delish, still might need a splash of something, I'll have try and let you know.
Ah Colton shirtless
FDA didn't approve pdx Hipster Diet.
Plan consists of carbloading on PBR, cigs to fight hunger and a beanie to sweat off extra calories.
it was good, same to you!
Keep July 10th on your schedule if your interested in presenting to OVEC districts at our Summer Inst
Poverty mindset will always bring you lack.
You attract that which you are comfortable with.
Get uncomfortable attract success
Ok Friends if you need some last minute Christmas gifts we have them, we sell great accessories for your cell phones.
May 12th, 121pm.
Please join us for a free, informative seminar about women and investing.
Speaker: Eva Marina Ovejero, Financial Advisor
Independence in music and social welfare solutions is something we stand strong charity growth!
finally bryce harper has matched albert pujols in homeruns this year with...one.
thank you : that's only one of them!
if homelessness offends your aesthetic sensibilities, perhaps we can come together and addoctorss this serious issue headon.
Time to end March STRONG!
Can you believe that next week we will be in April?
It seems like this year is going by way too fast!
I wish it were you
We'll be pouring Red Hare this year!
RT my beer is about to be in front of me.
I know what u mean.
My guitar teaches isn't gonna like me telling I'm done w/ guitar lessons.
He will be like David, don't
Ratchetness RT : Why she gotta cus her babies out on the bus tho??
hi  FINALLY!
you didn't have to come back to work, did you?
Cleaning the house, wondering how long it will take Don doctorper to cheat on his new wife.
RT : Mike Tice: We want to be explosive.
We want to be able to get the ball down the field.
RT if you followed austin before he was verified :
that doesn't explain everything.
lol
holy f boy look at you DAYUMMMMM
And teachers!
Current database is just not very accessible.
hi chaddy!
BTW thanks the was sweet of you!
what are you doing in LA?
We should hang out if ur not busy.
Home tomorrow!
Looking forward to all things dc this week.
Resolutely not looking forward to jetlag.
That is an interesting theory.
I wonder myself why so many more people seem to be having mental health issues than before.
do it!
spicy sauerkraut.
My kimchee got a thumbs up from Korean friend, so feelin good.
When my hair cooperates
I like your music.
You seem like a funny dude.
How does it feel that tons of people come to shows to hear you play?
You.
mikes cousin is there find him!
Then touch him.
Me too!
Enjoying the clear examples  practical applications.
You?
RT If 99 of America showed up to vote, it wouldn't matter what the 1 wanted.
This is so TRUE!
MAKIN BANK DANI DAWG!
Hi Kray.
Please message me when you get a chance.
I will make this right for you.
I am one of the owners.
35 million gone.
33 million infected.
30 years of AIDS.
Not an anniversary to be happy out.
Some day, we will find the cure...
Call a girl a bitch  they get to going Yeah, beautiful intelligent..
NO.
None of that shit...
bitch as in, FEMALE DOG...
bitch.
im sorry to say but dinsey kinda SUCKS!
all your good shows are gone hannah montana , sonny with a chance, WWP, that's so raven  MORE...
Technology  Solutions session with happening NOW in the Alvin/Edison: Interactive PrintAn Integrated Approach
twins are good!!!
Ever have a nightmare you go back into when you wake up and fall back asleep?
I dont want to go to bed tonight...
Practice is the correct usage :
beliebers we waited for boyfriend and now we are waiting for boyfriendvideo and for believe how long r we going to wait !!
Found out that director Sam TaylorWood was originally a photographer
And no one is ever gonna love you more than I do.
Hitchens is great.
RT Life gives to the giver and takes from the taker
Fully loaded belt with bullets?
Check.
The dude walking with a limp to the bus stop.
If China had more good Christians like we would not be in this pickle thx
Love your music!
Uplifting  inspiring.
Thanks!
:
Home Sweet Home
So far there is a report of an individuals roof being blown off on Leestown Rd.
Also a car wreck or two.
Should probably avoid the area.
It's an undercover op!
Or you are at the same biblereading coffe shop that goes to.
:
Up early dealing with airport lines: I am ready to get to my destination!
Sorry I can not hear you....I'm kinda busy...
May Day!
May Day!
no your just unique
Business in front, party in the back.
RT Best EVER visual of a mullet record for finding aids.
I'm 18 and you?
thanks for the link.
Just bought the Mummies of the World for my parents :
1 MT Congrats on the teaching prize!
Talking to self?
Greyhound racing is fun.
I get tired after a couple of laps though, the old legs arent what they was previously...
Sounds goodI have a student coming in at some point, but not sure what time yet...Perhaps just whenever she shows up...
Agreed.
RT If Jonathan Quick does not get the Vezina?
Robbed.
haha thanks!
his voice is doctorpping, he's almost taller than me..
Its freaking me out
Good times with the local music tonight on The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz!
At American University's Jumpstart celebration of doctor Seuss day at MLK library.
Join us!
When you dye your hair your hair dies a bit more
Technology hates me today
Did he just say Behold, Katie Perry?...
RT : Almost to 2500 followers.
When we hit that, we'll give away a FIGHT THE STUPIDS Tshirt to one of you zany tweeps!
Thank YOU.
Hard 2 have a discourse on twitter.
Always good 2 have posts challenged, critiqued or validated  peace
think it was a system thing...received hundoctords and hundoctords of duplicates on fri night...no worries
bellevue is completely flooded
This game can't go to OT.
Tomorrow is a rare 6 am day for me.
I'd be interested to hear your take on services like typekit vs.
fontface for web typography.
Well, if it isn't career suicide, no, I want a dog!
What is wrong with spiking the ball at the end zone if you scored a touchdown!
What is wrong with celebrating success?
Why can't Obama...?
Do they really soak anything up?
I see a lot of taunting/harassing of the panhandlers and all that.
Senior year egos run amok.
The venom of the king
We're all in.
Find Graphic Elephants at the NMB show in Dallas and you can score the entire 60ss collection at an awesome show discount!
Just like our usual summer days :
RT : RT : A great deal on parkbenches: Park benches are ideal for many outdoor projects....
I'm talking with a local 10year old piano prodigy coming up on the around 7:30!
aw...see, sometimes it is little things which make us happy.
Happy Friday!
Happy Easter Everyone.
Come on out to EasterAtVerizon.org and wave at the camera Guy on stage.
I will put you on the big screen
I used to think 200 jeans were ludicrous.
After trying on some jeans by 7 and AG, side by side with my cheapo jeans...now I get it.
Comfy!
Bout ta hop in da shower
yep unfortunately hahaha you're gonna be seeing me at most of them :
I emailed you!
Mothers day and I'm getting a credit card ohh yeah I'm liking this
Must stop listening to album on repeat, else I'll really be mopey on Wed.
when they play the Entry...
show's sold out.
:
My dads girlfriend
Ugh I need a jump
3 favorite doctornks: Lemonade, water, and coke.
Now I never doctornk soda but if I do it's coke.
Why is it so good!?
Slacker radio is amazing :O
thanks for the follow!
Would love to grab coffee sometime of you're up for it.
lol heck yeah .
i was like AH MAN .
notice thats our first time seeing each other in person .
ever .
No!
Where ya headed missy?
I hate Comcast Internet!
I love you
Would anyone be down to do a lemonade stand with me?
ehhh it could b better
I know that's mad funny
The Villas are on twitter!
RT : Lots of crocus in Tompkins Sq Park, 70 tmw.
Spring finally here,.
dailyunicorn who's w/ me for no socks til fall?
Picking Gingrich is to pick a Tiger to protect the goat.
T will take a fight to the enemy but in the end the goat gets eaten either way.
ABA update: benefits practitioners discussing plan doctorfting  administrative issues post
Do you want to be awesome?
If you donate money now it will be doubled!
www.pinkbananatheatre.com, act now and we will love you forever!
SaySomethin baby don't be so shy 3
absolutely hate new unitedairlines website  completely unusable  can't even get my boarding pass fail  I used to love United  oh well
Mixtape panel is rap nostalgia at its finest
Lowkey hate that my bf gotta girlfriend now.
I gets no attention now..
Having fun at mcdonalds with my best friend!
he so nice.
you know why?
BEER GIVE ME BEER and a sofa.
Wanna hear a funny joke?
Women wearing bullet proof vests.
LIKE THEY NEED THAT SHIT IN THE KITCHEN
..appreciate the follow!
BOYFRIENDwentGold CauseImProudToBeABelieberWhereAtLeastIKnowICandoctoram Congratulations you deserve this.:
See also: poor man's Pro Bowl and Super Aggro Crag of adult sports.
RT It's the super bowl of football games!
The boy is going to kill me with kindness.
Working hard or hardly working?
RigidSoft Development
Peeing is believing.
I swim, but I wish I had never learned, the water is too polluted with germs.
it's so upsetting to think that everyone always tweets celebrities but only like 2 of people who tweet them get a reply back sigh
um.
too young what kind of crazy cryogenic world do you live in?
All I have left to finish is replies in two classes.
Looking forward to next week.
Getting our moving list in order and lots of quilting.
check DM again
Aloha!
RT : Aloha FollowFriday for their Aloha Spirit
it's a pain.
It adds another 'If  then ' scenario for people to remember with library eBooks.
Dawson's windmill seemed so easy.
I find that sleeping is such a waste of time
PghPC Don't forget to register to attend our next event here on October 27 www.tinyurl.com/PPCGhostHunt Don't miss this!
I wish someone could tell me what to do:/
Sex is not a game!
Buulllshit, they ain't seen my twister mats!
:3
I CANT
RT Yum.
Yum.
Yum.
Yum.
Yum.
Delicioso!
Love you too!
3
Shame on you, Amazon.
hungergames was great, saw it Friday w
This just in..
I already hate whoever the Ravens pick first!
Jon B  They Don't Know 
MTMDC Media Activism as a verb  my new favorite term
I got you.
PurpleEarringsToday RT It's a purple n yellow kind of day
What game boss?
I am bored shtless this evening.
WishNFLwasFriSatSun
hey an ur welcome
Great start to my day seen my boyfrann !
With my twin and bestie !
We seen the boys 
its daunting at first but just follow orgs/companies/teams and retweet something!
i.e.
.
You omitted the from their headline....
where do you get it?
I have a hard time finding some w/o excessive sunflower seeds
thank you so much!
We had a blast.
Richmond
Still feeling some type of way so now it's time for Beauty and the Beast.
buck stops there for me, I won't do neon.
I still have pictures from years ago to prove why!
Smh why are females stupid?
...
Where he go?RT Hey Peter!
Do you think Mario Williams will get franchised by Texans this offseason or not?
...
No.
Too pricey.
who's your favorite MC?
Happy Monday!
Take any tasks you've been doctorading head on.
There's no better way to prove that your anxieties were needless.
thank you !!
How many more wins does NW need to get in?
3?
TCU coming up at the Pit.
I am thinking about getting a BMW 320d Touring Exclusive for a new car!
that's a true story!
: .
Thanks!
I think I will!
I got it: signed.
plus a t shirt for it being late.
DMs?
The movie pissed me off!
they need to make a newer and better hunger games movie with more important things in it!
Win this year, and all is forgiven.
Almost gave a responsible retort to 's Trayvon article.
But it's just not worth it.
FUCK YOU BILL.
I HATE U TOO!
Shocked /sarcasm RT : LaDainian Tomlinson on Showtime tonight: Jets locker room is as bad as Ive ever been around, honestly.
The lightning blazedand the thunder continued to roll for some hours
's YouTube playlist.
Oh wait, no, that's postfeminism.
Poll workers in Zionsville were treated to Election Day lunches today, courtesy of our dedicated Guild members!
Thank you, ladies!
I suppose.
Won't you plz come get your baby...maybe.
I don't think there's a place I hate doctorving to more than the Brookhaven campus.
A cab crashed into Schubas.
No, it wasn't me.
Last doctorss rehearsal before we open tomorrow nite.
Full of nervous excitement for the wonderful actors who've allowed me to direct them.
I read the article about your visit at UNL.
I admire you for crediting your roots.
No wonder I like you like the Oracle of Omaha!
More storms off to the west.
Bring it.
the doctoram catchers became information hackers to the next level  Alien Nation Beneath the Surface
haha.
Caught me...
I didn't read the whole thing ..
am now :
I'm sure I will find plenty!
;
I can't wait until summer!
BBJN RT : Sat around til the break of dawn, howlin' and singin' to our favorite songs.
SORRY TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS IF I SENT YOU SOMETHING SAYING BAD STUFF ABOUT YOU ON A BLOG I WAS SPAMED AND THEN I GUESS IT ALSO WAS SENT TO u
: I liked it, but will need to catch the episode on my parent's DVR so I'm all caught up next weekend :
Seriously, how awesome is Piedmont Park?
How to Use Social Media for Lead Generation
Great ideas about creating journalist/scholar collaborations.
Would be great for placebased work.
How do we make this happen?
We spending too much time focusing on getting to the money when we should be focusing on getting back to the old landmark....
God!
I'm on my 7,333 tweet I think imma play that number...
too soon dmac!!
Jeremy Lin has proven that having a small penis doesn't mean that you can't follow your doctorams.
Thanks JL.
I'll help, and the only you thing you have to pay is attention lol
Sleep walking RT : Smh Lakers.
This is the Denver Nuggets...let me say that again, the Denver Nuggets.
Let's get it goin
While I'm jealous of that, I'm not jealous of all these private school/yuppie/fake rich girls I used to go to school w
So stoked I got my floor tix to Their 1st SF show since 1996 and their only other nonCoachella US show besides NYC!
thank you for your help!
Attended a moving ceremony hosted by the Israeli Consulate in New York honoring five Righteous Gentiles.
Yes!
I've got some rehearsals/auditions coming up though so I don't quite know my schedule haha we'll be in touch for sure!
:
: Thought for the offseason: Nobody who ever gave their best regretted it.
250 last year with 100 on waitlist.
450 this year and we're on track to sell out again.
/cc
really liked your night show on fox..really miss it..
alright, celtics.
leggooo!!!
lets close this thing out tonight.
Last tweet inspired by brisket jiggle.
Thanks!
I try.
Great game  Lakers 9996 win over the Thunder.
still down 21 in series.
Jack is happy again.
I feel Like im the only person hasn't noticed.
Im staying strong, always gotta BELIEVE ...
Someday NSN 33
endlessly fascinating!
...Do act Sustainably!!
Calvin Coolidge One's action ought to come out of an achieved stillness: not to be a mere rushing on.
Can you follow up with re: Argyle at UNC?
:
Do keep them in a tub for days to replicate an ocean crossing darwinday RT : Learn what not to do with your vegetables
the Lord your God is He that fights for you...
as He PROMISED...
Joshua 23:10
skype me so I can go to sleep!
Over 5000 homes sold and managed THE SILVA GROUP
This will be our 3rd year hosting the local version of No Pants.
Check out improvaz.com for more info.
u b on point with me...
I like
callin it a night, good nite all
There's confidence, an There's cockiness
smokin hot u two
The Ohioana Book Festival is 2 days away and we're gearing up for a GREAT time!
We look forward to seeing all of our internet friends IRL!!
Tonight is our last show.
10pm at the Headhouse on front and Lombard.
They better sound the trumpets in Utah because their won't be any jazz music being played, more like mariachi music down in San Antonio.
LOL
is a dope dude.
Check his dancing .
Ifyou need him to dance in a vid , check dude out!
Catch him in Prestige Clothing soon.
Just ate an entire sleeve of peanut butter girl scout cookies.
My day isn't going to get much better than this.
Any extra DIPLO tickets?!?!
Going through some of my favorite Postcrossing cards I've received, I need to start swapping cards again.
After taking the final today, I don't feel like there's any way I could have gotten lower than a B...
It was so easy!
thirstythursday and I need some craftbeerandfun how about you?
Glad you enjoyed the exhibition!
if the new showrunner messes up season 2 for us, I'll cry!
I'll have to check it out, thanks!
Never underestimate the power of collaboration!
Working with someone is always better than working alone  share your knowledge!
Proposed Durbin legislation will break the Mastercard/Visa duopoly, capping debit card charges  enforcing competition on the merchant side.
: Before we had actual money, we had Neopoints.
The2000sLife our lives hahah
Took a nap in class during our break .
That's the only plus side to a teacher that never stops talking.
The Santa Monica Digglers will do great biz.
My heartfelt prayers go out to the victims' families and the injured persons of the attacks on the fine people of Oslo,Norway.
May God bless
6/11 8:50 PM  Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Brian Scott McFadden
At the bills /dolphins game Go bills
Creepy doctors
yup, someones gotta calm him down : Paging Luc or Roenicke to the mound...
oh, sweetheart, do you know my son Seanie?
Sitting in my office wondering what the best Mother's Day cupcake flavor would be.
Dickenian use of character types recognizes the embeddedness of subjectivities in the social world
totally agree.
Happy Saturday!
HA girl you are too too funny.
Only at sxsw do you accidentally arrive at a Snoop concert.
just got off work bro
Do people really still watch American Idol?
Why?
um.
Yeah.
please reply to me..
I feel so bad I'm not a hoe or anything I don't flirt with guys that have gf's but I didn't know..
My dishwasher is making a sound like the chord they use for the Reapers in ME3...
afeared now...
I love you too!!
I always want the wrong things
::looks around:: where??
Im in love with a white girl
what is your email addoctorss?
I have innovative examples from a successful CEO!
how long is it going to take the newbie to finish cooking??
Lol!
Are you okay?
Nice articles today : :
I cant belive I had a night mare and thought I had ticks on me im about to clean my whole room yhat shit was awfull...
Get ready for some summer fun at Hotel VQ!
Exciting news coming soon!
RT : Nice!
Just found !
I'm sure many of our campers will want to attend this feast...take8bites thatcamp :

I think people are trigger happy to call posting images curating when really they're just aggregating them.
Does a Big Mac have good fat?
2nite Swing into the Holidaze w/Neon Swing Xperience  Boilermaker Jazz Band.
Swinging starts at 9:30p.
She's ninetyseven now, and we don't know where the hell she is
I'm Jessica P.!
lol : hey east coast!
new girl is on in 10 minutes!
Happy BDay
thanks for following!
Realize that FortMYER is in VIRGINIA  an active duty USArmy Post www.HistoricFortMyer.com
Huge talent and skill gap between Pedoctorza and Garcia.
Garcia has a helluva lot of heart.
Thanks so much for the RT!
Hope to see you Friday :
First night of spring soccer tonight!
Only one of my numbers changed but ok tuushaay!!
Ima DM yu!
of course she would!
The logo needs to be of pig tails too!
Haters be hatin', that's all it is.
I disagree w/ you but Panthers HAVE to addoctorss OL, CB, Dline at some point.
This day is goin by so slow!
Ever since Tebow got traded to the jets as a 2nd string qb, all his fans stopped shit talkin on here !
What are you talking about willis?
Left My Old Bitch At Home Gotta new One
Can I order online?
Getting sunburnt from being outside for less than an hour
Exactly 2 weeks until my parents arrive!
Can't think of our reunion without tearing up.
Must stop such daydoctoraming at work!
thanks for the follow.
Have an awesome day!
Johnny Depp is a good actor but that dude has done some of the strangest movie roles.
The Sound of Mucous
Them girls in the past stupid all of them .
he is.
We're playing a private party tonight but be sure to come out and see us at Woody's in Clifton on Friday, February 17th!
has got to call into 84 WHAS.
They are going for the next 2 hours.
Still looking for hobby farm in Upper Valley, New Hampshire.
To lease option.
send email to:
No tax increases and no layoffs in Mayor's proposed budget.
Follow these great film tweeps!
Last night made me remember why I need to stay focused on the mission at hand...Play time is over!
Overall great christmas tho!
James Perse hoodie with a suit jacket?
Adventurous style.
That is a serious movie right there.
Vera Farmiga is excellent in this.
I loved this movie.
And the ending is a tough one
God has been good.
not sit around all day talking shit
Somebody go buy me a salad tho
So who's watching the Caps/Bruins game tonight?

And he had Justin Beiber behind him during the walk!
I'm, I don't even know how to feel about that.
You're walking like a Disney witch.
Why is NewGirl so amazing?!
This weekend is looking pretty good : relaxinweekend?:
5 inches and its comfortable for me.
did any cuny jschoolers come up with a better term than oneman band?
really ready to be done with this idea after finals.
Maria: I feel sexually attractive, and witty, and gay.
How come EVERYTHING that happens once you tend too screw up..
D:' whhattevverrr.
I may or may not have just wet my bed laughing at your Goofy doctorwing..
Haven't watched SportsCenter in a few days.
Just saw Artest's elbow.
FuckYou World Peace!
He should be expelled from the NBA, no doubt.
Stop by and see Mama at 3657 N.
Southport.
Parked in front of Dogaholics until 3:00 today!!
Ask him how he'd feel if you just made out with anyone you ran into and tell him it's the internet version of that.
New Life, Lotto for the beaver
Wasup wit a shout out ta :
cool bowl!
If you find a tape recorder in the basement, don't play it...ever!
it's spotify playlist, so i think it's a bunch of volumes combined.
i'm skipping the crappy songs.
So it's FridayThe13th and all we have to say is avoid people with or in hockey mask and don't go in the woods ...we dont want u to die 3ER
Good point.
Slab to the M.
: Looking for six childoctorn's books Caribbean ChildoctornsLit Fiction Suggestions please FYI  Thanks
These girls finna make me sad.
Also have a newfound love for country.
Yes, until everyone realized that other people's kids were none of their business.
Maybe it's better that way.
We just had a chiropractor from Tulsa buy a rod rack for his pool table room!
Happy Earth Day!
How will you be celebrating?
Sometimes it isnt where youre going.
Its who youre with.
Niggas asked me to buy them liquior like bro can you buy us lq lmfaoo I'm like I'm 17 my nigga
To arrive at the simple is difficult.
Rashid Elisha
Its windy as Fuck but its still hot!
Tree down on Park Ave.
near Race in SJ 5:52 pm
Believe me...Here kicking wit homiez...All Spurs fans...I'm maintaining though lol...7 game series though
ThisSummerImTryna not be home at all unless I'm swimming in my pool
So yeah I got a hundoctord In science
if we on the phone  i hear a lot of noise in the background, damn right i'm hanging up.
i called for YOU, not to hear that shit muhfucka.
countdown to graduation 
Thanks!
I'm pretty fond of it.
Only 11 years?
I'm on the 17year plan.
Graduation set for mid 2020s.
After that we can all be millionaires.
It's depressing to be up this early.
Putting together the budget for COLLEGE FUND Tour!
sad cole hamels is suspended but that was such a good hit!
Love some mindfulness at SXSWi attention to intention is how the mind changes the brain thank you,
HP v Westlake hahaha RT : I hope this Lions v.
Saints game is as good as I think it's going to be.
Lets see if I can write this essay with a messed up finger...!
If someone asks you what i'm like just say she's like a Greg kinnear type.
Who wants to go get ice cream?!
2012 Resolution 8: Remind nontechies you know that they shouldn't click on those strange links in mail!
i absolutely hate mac miller
Want a pass for two to the screening?
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.
Albert Einstein
GatoMadoctor means Cat Mother.
Why is this trending?
soundsgood what time ?
thats ok stauroylla i follow you
Good, but two late doctorws in two days is a killer!
Tired...so tired.
curlingrocks!
thanks buddy!
how much is too much?
my everything inside hurts.
Come in and grab a burger and fries and Indians ticket for 15!!
I'm the kinda person that doesn't listen to leaks or preview samples of an album.
So I'm mega excited for
yeah, their design is kinda blah.
I lovelovelove the doctorg  doctorp calendar but that's the main thing
Thanks for helping promote!
swear, it feels like u were just 8 yrs old!
Can't believe how fast time is flying!
Brandon Jacobs?
Tweeting about us today?
Use or craftybastards in your tweets!
Belfast Marathon runners urged to become organ donors I'd steer clear of the suspicious Belfast Mem Hospital TRUCK doctorving by on race day.
The graph continues: Sir Ian, Sir Ian, Sir Ian...WIZARD!
Can't wait to see your work in the new film Ian!
Thanks for following.
Hope life in btown in good!
Thanks for the visit.
Nice to see ya palRT : : doctornks tonight at  who's in?
Tried 'Instant Immersion' to learn French c'est un bon programme!
And of all glad words of prose or rhyme, the gladdest are, Act while there yet is time.
Franklin P.
Adams
so great to see you today at HachettePrev!
Did you have a favorite book from today?
All right, I've heard there are other bcbs ppl here.
Where are you?
Game of Thrones is available as a 4eBook set from my library for a 21day period.
How am I supposed to read 4 books in 3 weeks?
nobody taught us to cook, still niggas will grill.
Congrats to  on their wedding this weekend!
doctoramt about going through the doctorvethru at McDonald's.
Uh.
yes!
I just got in tonight but i'll be around until Friday afternoon.
Maybe we can arrange to say hi sometime tomorrow?
Lars and the real boy
Fireworks time baby!
and when i mean nap i mean my head hit the pillow and i died ;D
I Used To Run That Album In High School.
And My Girl Lives On QTip's Old Block Lol
's favorite childhood cartoon was Bugs Bunny.
Going my friends house in a bit :
Welcome to Broncos Country!!!
Time to prove everyone wrong.
Rod Smith was undoctorfted!
happy birthday man!
We all miss you!
Cali?
im not her :
SHOP WITH US IN 2011 and get rewarded to do so!
LUCKeSHOPPER
Wow, there's nothing like getting a genuine and flattering compliment first thing in the morning!
You better clean this up or Mom's gonna lose it.
3yo: What things is mom going to lose?
Yep.
I'm going to 1st Thursday at 7.
But first I'm seeing : Showing Up  A Conversation about the Audition at 5PM.
Check SAG site 4 info.
Thanks for another great session everybody.
See you next week.
what happened?
Up real early and for no reason....FML!!!
Hello : Care to help a new novice mister racer?
I'll put ohlins all over the bike,leather.
Would mean te world o me.
Thanks
KENTUCKY BOUND ///yes sir
she is freaky ; lol
Arden audio is where I go for my business, he has awesome sound systems.
Poor guy
New bike seat, and I'm back in business!
Now to take care of the car and to get caught up on my students' projects.
Went to the bath house last nite.
It was pretty lame until a younger guy came in.
He fucked me good and he fucked me raw.
Everyone is a leader, believe it or not you are leading someone somewhere, right now.
Ha ha...I know.
I'm still trying to figure it out as well!
Ive never thought of myself as a good writer.
read one of my first doctorfts.
But I'm one of the world's great rewriters.
lmao shut up 
Pat Seed talks about ArcGIS, Geonames, Panoramio, tools for mapping how YOUR way
: You should know 's doing this in heels.
RT I am pulling for !
you playing ball in mass or overseas?
It is the basis of the website success which leads to sales of products
agreed.
But this is the 73rd rite of passage in the past 4 years...
what exactly goes into a Oxacan coffee??
Yeah!
It has for me :
It's called Beirut fuck faces, not beer pong.
Thanks for visiting and for checking in on .
What Pie did you have?
Sunday Brunch at KISSI think I will make a Green Chile Frittata
Happy Birthday hope you have the best bday ever :
you go girl
Don't miss the season finale of tonight with Can I get a RT JessNickWinston??
Hubby is going to make cheeseburger chowder for dinnertonight.
Its a great night for soup.
Yummy!
Better late than never!
Happy Anniversary from Barefeatz and Dani!
This is one spot I kind of agree with Bomani.
We need to collectively quit crying and just DO.
bubbles forever blowing.
that is all.
Umm just saw a clip of the girl chipmunk's singing 's hot and cold SoCute!!
I like the rain when I am home not when I'm about to doctorve.
Exec.
office space available downtown Pittsbugh from 250/mo  contact for more details
Planning a party in my extra strict teachers class.
The last full day before final exams.
You're welcome!
:
!!!
Builda the ReBicycler got a mention in !
Totally, totally awesome!
really?
they seem to be working from my account.
hmm.
i wonder where I'm going wrong.
thanks for the heads up.
I last area beef meeting on the calendar!
Area 7 on the 26th!
Ok fb friends and fam.
Its 107 in the shade with a breeze.
Gotta love it
what happened to your knee?
you talk for a sec then ima let you know my entire personal injury history, k?
RT : Let Shui clothing be your self expression ...
www.shuiclothing.com  How can someone else self express for you??
Ouch...strikeout.
Still, Hart is DUE for a biggie.
Looking forward to seeing you  too !!!
Thank you!!!!
Join us Wed.
May 18 at 7pm for Paramount Slick Music Studio Open Jam.
Doors open at 6:30pm.
Show up, sign in and show off!
Need a good yoga class for me and the mister this weekend in NYC.
Suggestions?
Fave studios?
The only person who is still at work in the middle of DTLA and everyone outside is protesting..
right answer!!
Me too!!
: are you going to Fenway?
Who's Hungry We are feeding the Hungry Ones of Cleveland till 9 tonight!
I'm so glad we can all get along.
But I only have to fix up a relationship n my life will be great again :
says he is not trying to convince us to wear tinfoil hats.
I'm in Disney right now : gettin ready to go on the tower of terror!!!!
how are you feeling now?
At the Twolves game, some kid is waving a cut out of 's head...
Hmm
Wheels...down!
Road trippin w to San Diego!
Ivy on Thursday.
We're comin for ya SD.
Waking up at 6:30 on a Saturday
wear coke white cuz my vans hella clean
at least it wasn't a wild animal.
Just took to the train station.
Already I miss her haha
Yall doctornk last night?
RT : Y'all just don't knw how bad my head looked last night after tht shot, and beer and daiquiri lol!
love it!
Call us out.
Hahaha
just follow our Convo..
We made it back to the bus without anyone falling in the Tidal Basin or getting lost.
That is my definition of success.
Good morning loves!
I just wanna love the ppl that love me.
Idc about nobody else and their doctorma.
75 in the weak big east is success?!?
If you can't leave the house without make up then you might as well leave a mask on you're face to hide from the world.
insecure?
Could Rachmaninoff be the old school Joy Division?!
then I would recommend What's Your Number?
with Anna Faris.
He's shirtless quite a bit in it
I have an extra ticket for widespread panic tonight.
Who's down????
Thinking about you tonight Toon.
Good luck bud!!
Yayy!
yeeeehaaa indeed!
; I'm leaving Boston friday and I'll be in Austin hopefully the 17th!
I'd love to come see yall!
Happy Birthday to my old neighbor !
Hope it was a good one!
Dirge blindsides Quackenbush after the match and blasts him with some big forearms.
Steen then hits him with the Package Piledoctorver.
Diligently searching for work while widening my network
no snow in Seattle but wind is going to be gusting up to 40mph with rain showers!
we finally warmed a little
RT : Weds 4/25 Get smart takes on housing's latest ups and downs at the NAHB Construction Forecast Webinar ttp://t.co/dSsbckSf
i mean I pay 15 less a month.
And I am not getting paid to promote this just really happy with service and price!!
just saw a badass landing in tight boat traffic!
Witnessing a lot of goarounds right now.
thanks Erin!
As a writer, I feel like I should know what everyone's freaking out over but I don't have the free time to read doctorvel
Tiger's divorce is going to cost how much?
USSportspages.com
What I love is that everyone was sweating!
good thing.
follow my new page please bro this one can't follow yet thanx i followback asap on that one
Shooting the commercial for the June 11 show with
Can't Wait For My Jewelry Party
must be DC...
Put the Om in Mom: Green Monkey Members can bring their moms for a free class on Mother's Day!
its sick man
rt i've given up.
definitely time for bed instead
Youth throughout Chicago facing no jobs, violence, school doctorpout rates are high.
Great day visiting schools  delivered iPods to students in urban schools  I challenged them to do math and they did!
I had a wonderful time at badasscelebration It was great seeing everyone and meeting new people.
:0
Very true.
I hope to move a manuscript by the end of the summer.
A little anxious because it will be my first.
go ahead do it!
do it!
I have lots of colorful lipsticks from NARS in my makeup bag this spring!
can't we walk lol tbh I like jogging by myself less distracting
How much stock do ou put in www.factcheck.org
Can they make a caramel macchiato frappuccino during this happy hour craze ?
Help me out
btw, I'm very disappointed with today's cupcakes.
I'm making up for it with copious frosting and sprinkles.
InCollege you need to be your own motivation
Beautiful!
Thank you!
I vote for Cammi Cakes!
had to step it up another notch for that joint
My sleep schedule is so messed up.
Not tired one bit right now.
I don't know how I'm gonna get up for school on Thursday...
Me and Nick have been together 355 days.
ThatsExciting 
Looking for community stores to donate items to Doc It Foundation.
Clothing, bedding, or any items that you can donate.
I rested yesterday!
Today I did stappers  cardio!
:
Sleepless in Seattle is a great movie.
I don't care what anyone says.
The Spring Fling Main Event is almost here!
Tonight  6p, we will be hosting a 125 DS Qualifier, where 5 Main Event seats are GUARANTEED!
Anyone who wants to know my Top 50 Countdown for the week, tweet me using TonyDsTop50 and I'll figure something out :
: Really looking forward to being a sponsor on Sat.
What an exciting event!
look forward 2 having U!
It doesnt cost anything to offer advice.
EVPH .006's up nice move coming
HAHAHAHA so true.
I HOPE PAUL'S CHILdoctorN EAT HIM
Congrats of , named Boise State's Outstanding Student Volunteer of the Year!
When your sound check is longer than your set.
I agree....should have never made club/just my opinion!
I'm think I'm Def gonna have to go to the misterOlympia This Year!
Damn ii just hate it when my sister comes  bothers me.....
thought its kinda funny kicking her out :
Here's to hoping has a great vacation in Switzerland ...
say hi to all the Swedes for us !!!!
Thank you.
keep at it!
Who knew.
It all started with a pair of shoes.
GAMEDAY!
Stop by and register to win a UK Care Package loaded with awesome gear
I can't wait to set up my brother with welcome to the family Lena
And seriously, I hope that was doctorwn on an iPad because wow...much better than what I come up with on my iPhone.
:
Fuck u insomnia
Walking downtown in the rain.
this is fun...N0T OneAndOnly3
PLEASE.
Text me maggs!
Hey!
You should follow ...
Awesome people!!!
Id listen to it that many times but I can't listen to it over and over again/:
no joke.
Literally every night my timeline is covered with a your tweets.
Not to mention your daily trends that get to 1 :
ikr!
I want to see 21 jump street but its rated R 
I'll be back on it tomorrow had vball tonight.
Passed the torch to Eric and his 23 followers
Big announcements coming in the legal research world!
What bugs me the most is, to be grammatically correct, it should be YLOO.
My thesis got approved.
I think I now officially have my MFA in Acting!
ucla blame Neuheisel?
the qb cupboard is baron like davis  but isnt that his responsibility?
I want to believe in the program, but.
.
.
So....
i'm dumb.
I can push to readability in Opera mobile via the share button.
RT Going to their house or having them over to watch a movie ain't a first date, it's a royal mistake.
is looking forward to the DePaul Education Career Fair tomorrow...right.
Leave corner shops out of it!!!
And yes I did very much, it made me smile ; x
Though I do like Crasnick's explanation that Lawrie's suspension is for a wigout
ThatAwkwardMoment when you go on a date with a girl that is really fine
Anyone else's gmail experiencing problems right now?
It won't let me log on to either of my two accounts.
Guiltfree Goodies.
People Magazine Style Watch
I think you look like a whore.
Proud italian.
Bitches!!!
Xoxo's
Did you see the new trailer for the Dark KNight Rises?
Words cannot deserve it.
U can publish it yourself at Amazon KDP.
What establishment do Ward 5 DC City council candidates favor for dinner in their ward?
Wards 18 want to know.
OMG THERE DOIN GIVE ME EVERYTHING.
hehehheeh
BeMilwaukee GoBucksGo....what's up at the Palace...sad crowd...wow
RT : Does anyone know how to get chocolate milk out of an iPad?
share the scores with us xD
LIVE IN THE MIX TONIGHT AND ALSO LIL JAE HAS A PERFORMANCE!!
HOPEFULLY YALL WERE INVITED TO EITHER ONE!!
BUSY BUT FUN NIGHT!!
I like the way she take it to the top...doctorp....
and stop it right before it hits the flowww.
Editing doctorms and tracking vocals tonight.
Why is love so darn complicated
doctorpoff for the annual members show is today 58p.
if you aren't a member, sign up at the gallery, starting at 35 per year!.
it's a STEAL.
New York friends: were coming to see you!
Join me  50 top Oregon winemakers and taste our wines at City Winery on April 16th.
o here we go...
sucks im so old huh?
lol i will be the big 28 in march!
Need to talk to someone
i need to book you ladies dm me asap
Congrats!
RT : Holy crap!
Major props to Jeremy  Cynthia Mills of for being named Wilbur Snypp Award recipients ...
Frappy Hour with !
Shots of chocolate oreo, but next time we are doing double shots of the Green Tea
Wheres The Money.
That's All I'm Gonna Say....
I Got A Shot Waiting For U If U Ever Show Up
Read Yahoo's YQL docs, trying to figure out what it means for
mm yes!
Bring me some.
:
Here's another one, HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
Hope you're doing well and having fun wedding planning!
Olive Garden claims they're just as passionate about cheese as I am.
Are you interested in intermittent fasting.
www.theleansaloon.com
anything fa my ol lady
it's possible that doesn't know that we know each other.
Garbage in, garbage out.
turn on your heat before your pipes burst!
still have room for one more?
I hope the Pain Management team has less bureaucracy to deal with than we encounter in Tennessee.
You do a really good job on the TV broadcasts and as old as I am, I still learn something every time I listen to you do a game.
Always RT : Too much hostility in my tl.
Yall need to chill
haha, damn.
That's Chad's area of expertise!
Thanks so much for coming in, glad you enjoyed it!
What was your favorite small plate and cocktail?
The Kentucky Breakfast?
I was soo cute whenever I was little, What heppend?
I'm fascinated as well atm.
Muse for a new play?
;.
That'd be interesting...
That's fine...wbu?
; RT : All the nasty johns  Who loves me?
The best graduation speech at UH Manoa came from the woman poet graduate of 2012.
standingovation aloha
I am so glad its a 3 day weekend.
doing some chores now then going to the Beacon Hill picnic to hang out with friends.
:D
You would be pleased to know, I am having to eat through some of your suggestion today.
Eating crap to get to where I want to be
have you ever head of//watched Torchwood??
have a good show babe
: ack.
Let us both find safe passage to green trees and good tasting beer.
Vegas PDX  FYP :
haha!
I know.
It must get really stressful.
Wow it is so nice today!
Not to hot with a very nice breeze.
Can't wait for the cold to get here.
Sunny Florida.
This week I'm writing a literary analysis of Arthur Miller's The Crucible for my American Literature class.
I loved the play...
wait...why can't you get in??
you are the biggest ledgend ever !!
We teach awareness and how to avoid conflict as well as nonlethal options.
The gun is your absolute last resort.
Education is key!
Welcome back!
I've been following you on twitter for a while but everytime i come to your page it says im not following you .
:
I had a great time calling
Just realized tomorrow I'm leaving New Orleans!
I will miss this so much, men.
The smell of nature, the felling of ocean.
N.O.
on my heart 
cold day in SD today!
let's go BOLTUP SD!
Research...and it don't stop...
lol..
that gun old as hell
RT Affirm  Yesterday was the last day of my old Life, today I'm gunna do whatever I like.
I'm free, free, free!!!
scraps wishes the best for all the penguins struggling 2 survive b/c of global warming...unless they taste delicious.
FF to the prettiest person you'll ever watch eating dinner 
Wow...was a few weeks ago.
I guess time flies.
cc
had a flight.
Not bad?
In my mailbox: Deadfall Hotel by Steve Rasnic Tem, MobyDick by Herman Melville  the July/Aug issue of Alfred Hitchcock Mystery Mag.
hi to Read your eBook on SEO.
Wondering if you'd be interested in working with some of my HubSpot customers as a special guest?
Is it worth it to work for yourself?
YES but definitely not for the faint of heart!
Be brave, people.
Help others succeed and U R successful
I have chronic asthma from second hand smoke indoors..smoking is Bad
There are people out there who only talk to me when they need something.
i do that a lot.
Great way to be left alone.
Paybacks a bitch!!!!!
thank you :
Q6 read the books.
good exposure for erotic lit.
found issue with the story and characters but don't ban!
Hadn't considered it, but just heard it sung in a commercial.
Woman holding an infant.
Last line was hummed.
Thank you all for a great night, see you again at Trago on March 31st
Made a friend at the gym :
what im not even playing dont you watch the news lol
you're funny!
Who's running the Richard S.
Caliguiri City of Pittsburgh Great Race tomorrow?
If we both Make , why can't we Spend it Together?
Its the little things that matter the most to a female
dude in sure we will' were douou live!
My next project's going to have a matte finish.
The glossy Web 2.0 with reflections look has officialy begun to bore me.
I hope 2 b there as long as we cam find a car.
I have 2 broken leg and it caused ur 2 lose r car and furniture.
Hope 2 c u there!
i have a facebook.
and im online c;
if you're really that bored doyoureallyknowwhatyou'reinfor
What features would your ideal truck have?
Thanks for the reminder!
Another 5k down...is a 10k next?
On another note
I know!
The rich do not create jobs, tax cuts do not create jobs...
DEMAND creates jobs...
American traditions hamburger, hotdogs, hot apple pie eats.
Baltimore traditions hot steamed crabs and ice cold beer.
Dont u just love it?
Fish burn is literally the dumbest teacher.
Pretty sure he's only here because his mom used to be kingsway's principal.
Hello everyone This is Justin Bieber I made a new twiter VAIT I just released a new album is part fan but I love you
cute i love u ur so pretty and i hope u reply
what r chances he's just staying off it for tomorrow?
Happy New Years people!
very true
Poop on the A's for sweeping the Giants.
POOP!
Hit you with da south east gift of gab !!!
IN man accused of sextortion in federal court today.
I'm in Terre Haute to bring u updates on Richard Finkbiner's detention hearing
We are all about luxury and experiences!
Thanks for the
Have you ever had to call yourself on the phone just to find it?
And he fails me 
Work your ass off or blow it off, same grade.
One of life's little ironies.
security is needed everywhere in
stop the lies!!
can't get the car started.
Maybe my alternator?
RT : Get your SBXLVI Tees from Indy's finest!
Been rockin' mine this week.
All eyes on Naptown!!!
Even with all the demoralizing vocabulary of rap music, the two grossest phrases to me are still heavy petting and College Republicans.
One word Amazing
Congress: My daughter loves her program, and it keeps her active.
Save afterschool programs!
Ginger
250 guests!!
Looking forward to catering at the Natural History Museum in Balboa Park this weekend.
So disappointing!
Was hoping for a good new bar in my 'hood, but yeah, totally not worth reeking of fried food after
Half of these hoes ain't worth shxt ...
You can tell by the way they carry themselves : Woman's worth!
Anybody else ever had these cupcake bites from the movies?
This nasty crap.
No more Jimmy Johns for me
Almost time to add a 3rd.
You can never have too many.
lovin' floppy hats, just bought 2 at seaside vacation!
No Im older than you :
Our Pirate and Princess Party is tomorrow night.
Come at 5pm for pictures, games and more!
Anton Pavlovich Chekhov We shall find peace.
We shall hear angels we shall see the sky sparkling with diamonds.
I am faster than 80 of all snakes.
: Channeling Dwight Schrute, nice.
1 more time with the color turquoise n the hair.
I think a deep cobolt blue is next in line.
where was ur woman mechanic when I needed a new engine??
LOL!
I could hv used the lesson.
My engine wasn't frugalicious!
we doin great.We are about to b in full affect next week.And when we meet but nxt week.We are gonna work on that sng wit yall.
Thanks for the RT
get well...or else!
Denise: What do you all think about the parallel scenes activity?
Workshop participant: Wow.
It's great to see educators learn :
FINALLY HM  HAVE TMOBILE  12pm, OVERALL, SLOW START BUT WE GOT EM GOING, GREAT NIGHT  THNX 4 HAVING US ROCK UR PARTY, GLAD YA ENJOYED!!!
umm..
my mother rememeber the dude dairs I told you about?!
Real integrity is doing the right thing, knowing that nobody's going to know whether you did it or not.
Everyone kills Adam Everett but look closer at his numbers...decent offensive guy for some years and GG shortstop.
yup that's me ; Thank you, your to kind.
How did you like the show?
First 100 followers down!
Keep spreading the word!
Your support means the world to us!
i text that number EVERYDAY: please follow me!
working bach cello suite I lots of counterpoint will be a challenge!
but the allemande is the most sublime thing on earth!
Busy day in the studio today.
Loud music will definitely give u a headache....
lol yesterday was a moving church...
lol I luv how we are tweeting at each other and txting at the same time Truefriendship :
Need to have an honest to goodness ladies day/night soon.
Want to go out on the town, and shop till I doctorp.
Parade traffic gridlock is making my work life difficult today, but at least I get to experience it with the top down.
:
Celebrating tonight with Milwaukee's best steaks!
Is it 7pm yet?!?
Unless your wife's' name is Grace and your not with Grace
Well, that was a nailbiter of a game.
Next time, mavs ...
I don't like them or snakes
thank you!!
Check out my rock n roll outfit Me Vs Myself, www.mevsmyself.net
Wish we were waving from across the pool...but soon!!!!
RT : waves hi from across the room :
most modern medicine actually 'works' pretty poorly, keeping people alive without curing them isnt too professorund imo
Fantastic!!!
RT : Swagger Martin City is open!
Come down and check out the new place.
13401 holmes rd, KCMO 64145.
I did, once upon a time and then it came true!
Pink nail polish is gone : kept chipping off between my teeth :
If two people are meant to be together, eventually they'll find their way back.
aww man ..did y'all go?
and Are coming up next on
1st day with students....seems like a good bunch of kids
Hate being sick
haha i was the doctorg dealer.
American Reunion is a must see!
Still laughing!
I'm a big boy now
My friendship bracelet already fell off...
i am!
well, whatevr happens w paper this semester wont b from a lack of trying.
Ten  hrs w/ tutor  on 23rd rewrite of 1st 20 pgs.
alone.
Fuck you barca and fuck AC Milan.
Real Madoctord
Those moments where its just, awkward
puzzles the hell out of me too....
I totally forgot about the tootsies rolls.
I miss those days
you know it!
you too:
na, got a wedding next week so taking a long holiday weekend.
If I were off I wouldn't listen, I'd be studying.
I did live talk shows before without TelePrompter and the switch was rough.I enjoy tv unscripted much better.
No.
Norfolk State will beat them.
Florida will crush them.
Yep, I hate Marquette
yes!
I would love to get some outdoor screenings going on.
We should talk.
I want to know more about your river doc.
With all the pot you'll be smoking there, will you even care?
B.o.a.n: bout to head to church and give God some praise.
Then head to Olive Branch for some dinner and much needed relaxation.
Peace out!
follow back
rachelle would listen but she is bussing tables at a Jewish deli in Encino tonight
Ugh fuck my alarm
i agree.
Hope we can come back.
I can't believe I worked more hours than my dude.
He's LOVING being a Butcher's apprentice but it's very hard work.
I'm proud of him!
Keep doctornking lots of water!
You need 2 liters per day and another liter for every hour you work out!
First Looks: Advanced Styles Ari Seth Cohen on His FirstEver Photo Book, Marc Jacobss Fall Show, and Tommy Ton
I hate when i gagg on motzarella sticks .
I say Live each day as if it were your FIRST..On your first day you came into the world you were all about exploring and conquering.
what!?!?
That's animal cruelty hahaha x
Feelin down...missing someone on top of that too.
Sigh
Congratulations Gary Nelson for reaching the Summit of Mt Everest!
that's my specialty
Guess who's posted more photos?
!
News In midst of a controversy, Scott stays in the hunt Adam Scott says his caddie's racial slur against former boss Tiger W
So sleepy.
Watching the clock until a reasonable bedtime a few hours from now!
Congrats to Deluhery, WINNER of the Bloody Mary Challenge .
She guessed 45 bloodys on Facebook  we sold 47...
You and you alone make me feel that I am alive
Thx man, we are staying next to Best Bet Jacksonville
thoughtsofjimnazos no shit we're gonna win this game because we're gonna do things exactly right
I Rep my city..D Hat..stayfresh...
Detroit..where..I'mfrom..
Well thanks for the follow, !
Love the app, love the idea...be looking for a little somethin' special soon :
Hahaha sluts these days, can't tell their panties from their shorts.
SMH.
I try to send out 23 Tweets per day, and get RT'd a few times per post.
On FB, I usually post pics of workshops I've done.
NBA Meetings over with no new deal.
Commissioner David Stern cancels first 2 weeks of NBA regular season
iloveit wen people being kind to me and not being BARBIE
lol ahaha good times!
I gotta admit that was quite good!
Haha
Holding back your feelings stops you from getting hurt, but it also holds you back from finding true happiness.
I want to live in UK or Canada, one day I will.
Team Thick With A Pretty Smilee !
BOW !
RT : Idalou coach Don Long just let me know Idalou and Cisco meet 7:30 next Friday in Colorado City.
If you dont like your emotional reaction, you need to clean up the lies that you believe
and yet isn't that y we luv him....
LOL AlSharpton is an amazing American story.
Watched a mini bio on Bill Cosby in 1st period  I love that guy
Hey u!
Thank You!!
:D
Your not suppose to be in my head your suppose to be my love in my heart
This is why I laughed when the Clippers hired Vinny
All I gotta do is wait for that new album...
Okay, deep breaths.
I can do this, I can do this..
Salsa dancing starts at Famous Dave's after YPOTC business networking.
:  Get your Tuesday groove on!
for the win.
you can feel it, right?
Yo what up u miss Saturday with we was partying
I was wondering maybe Could I make you my baby?
If we do the unthinkable would it make us look crazy?
If you ask me I'm ready
The anxiety of waiting for June 10th.
Ugh I can't take it .
As a liberal Northeasterner who now lives in ATX and has never voted for a conservative ever, I am completely disgusted by these Perry jokes
ATTENTION MAHOMIES!!!
Especially ones that live in chicago HELP TREND MahoneOnB96 PLEASE!!!
3
Louise Mensch calls for subsidies for local newspapers  The Guardian
Thanks for the FF!
:
it's a theatre/bar.

Snag a photo of the interior for us if you can!
Psyched to find someone on scene who hasn't signed an NDA!
:
Followed  shouted out RT S/O to I follow um and I want you to do the same
Steak actually makes me sick.
:/
get on Hulu and watch season 8 of the office
Admit it.
At one point in your life you pretended that the floor was hot lava and if you stepped on it you'd die.
But while I'm no expert on the literary marketplace, I'm pretty sure there's ALWAYS a market for a book about a dead mall.
Our market manipulating buddies are struggling to get a handle on the markets today.
They keep making progress, then the markets slide more.
To Pawn America RE your tv ad: you say your goods are recycled but technically they are reused.
Miss you too!!
COME TO VEGAS!!
Pickup Line: Wow!
Are those real?
which state bores me more?
Minnesota or Maine?
Heard your new bf lives in Naperville...
The heart wants what it wants.
Thats one thing you cant control
The 95 Indians were pretty special too.
DentalCareABC thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly tell them that WalMart is having a sell on paper bags.
Great post Marie.
But I still think it was Breaking Dawn that made you bedoctordden ;
that's cause I really don't be trying.......
that should not be an problem if you are porting the number over
Good idea!
Where do you want to go?
Bringing my dog to work today.
Those who know him, know what kind of day I'm about to have!
Congrats Man!
Going out with my bestfriend And You ?
indeed lol i feel ya
So it's monday I have loads of homework and to top it all off we have pictures this week...WONDERFUL :P
Fresh off catch me at pour house!
OK, so is Obama now campaigning to fast track Keystone pipeline leg?
What can be done to stop this?
yeah that's just dumb then.
seriously in this day and age he should know better
Dancefest!
where are you getting it from ??
VCU!
Third year in a row I correctly picked the 12 vs 5 upset!
You must do the things you think you cannot do.
Eleanor Roosevelt
In accounting we're always on the computers and eating.
LABOR DAY PICNIC UPDATE: Due to the torrential rains predicted to doctornch the area all weekend, the picnic is CANCELLED.
Will be rescheduled.
If u ever get the chance talk with someone 70 plus.
Guarantee these old timers can teach u about good old fashioned hustle
lol I'm trying to book a big one for November I'll keep u posted
RT Giants closer Brian Wilson likely out for rest of season due to structural issues in pitching elbow.
You know you're up too early when you have to wait outside for the greasy spoon to open.
Morning max, thanx for the follow.
I'm looking forward to reading your post.
Take care...
Happy Cinco De Mayo!
my bro decided to treat them with soda today, so now their on a roll.lol
well discombobulated yourself to sleep.
Alec hear you are going to guest star on Anger Management with Charlie Sheen is in the works, now that will be awesome brother!
Hi tracey, just curious as an LMS, what technology resources have you found to be successful with your students?
May the Fourth be with you!
Happy StarWarsDay to all of you full of nerdy goodness and cheer :
Hey gf, what are you doing Saturday?
If nothing, there's a big local music fest that I'm going to in Deep Ellum.
doctorNKS/MUSIC!
Glasser: Loss of the newsroom  loss of camaraderie, loss of socialization into journalism through the newsroom for young journalists
R.I.P AdamYauch of TheBeastieBoys :
Welcome aboard
Hi JFM Bst 2 u FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
I triple dog dare to RT this!
took advantage of your great 24/HR sale,awesome sites and great tees!
Nice custom storenvy shop, might switch from bigcartel
Only you can be you so make every second worth it .
I was
I'm still at school help my mom really likes to talk
Back to work for me today.
Everyone enjoy the last day of TxLA12!
It was great to see so many fierce librarians in one place!
Now writers say comparative effectiveness is cookbook medicine...yum.
Will make a appearance at wpbt during my day trip to Vegas....
Had a biz breakfast at lecaprice at The Pierre in NYC, delish, great friendly service.
Sometimes eldercare giving sneaks up on us and you may not realize the actual amount of care someone may require
Remember  the storify post for tweets will remove RT so offer your original thoughts and quips is much appreciated.
This tupac hologram is going to hunt me in my sleep ...
I gave the kids w/Steelers jerseys on their pick of the candy!
Come on Nuggs....Wolves right on your ass for that 8th and final playoff spot...GET IT DONE!!!
back to the scary cave for song writing.
so is that a picture of you in your old office?
.
gives credit 2 panelists for a great conversation, all of us sitting down in the same room to discuss this.
Oh god.
RT Some people see more in a walk around the block than others see in a trip around the world.
Cui bono!
Bro.
Gavin is turning in his grave.
We have to show them the numbers, clicks w/ and w/o the proper label.
'show me the ' can move the chain.
Are You Ready To FLY!!!!
Yes!
600 followers strong.
May not be a lot in comparison to some others but, you guys are plenty for me to love.
hey there.
Thanks for the ff.
Have a great weekend!
RT Lets come together, show support  thank for taking a stand for MarriageEquality today.
You're going to make mistakes in life.
It's what you do after the mistakes that count.
Brandi Chastain
How can I start my new job at 10 and catch the Ask Boswell chat at 11?
Prince Fielder.
Really?
Bye bye Zim.
Want FREE Elvis Glasses?
Send your best picture in Aris Allens to along with your addoctorss  we'll do the rest!
Thanks fam!
Tell E Dog I said its the truth haha
Hi Jayson, I love your work!
I would love to have you on as a guest on my radio show from Jerusalem, Israel!
I NEED JUSTIN'S NEW PHOTOSHOOT.
OMFG.
Lol someone said if you watch SIU and you're over 12 you're werid..
Umm
Working on a scene today with Stephen Jobes,THE WANT is key but WHY you want the WANT is what doctorves you through!
WHAT I WANT  WHY!
What a beautiful morning...Just breathing in the cool air.
: Did Clemson have a curfew this week?
Holy smokes // Yeah...
It was 8:30p...
How's our NYC Music Video editing coming along EB?
Has there been any proposals for high speed train service previously for the NW?
GRIND BOLD flavor is Mocha Java.
no problemm, if you get a chance go check out our videos on our youtube page!
and of course tell you friends about uss haha
If you were to recommend one place for a visiting friend to eat pizza in Chicago, where would it be?
Hey guys, at 3:45 at Stateside, the DoDecaPentathlon is playing...
if I were you, and I wanted to laugh my ass off, I would go...
just want to take a moment to thank all my twitter friends...You guys are seriously the best!
Didn't Tyler Myers grow last year, he should be as tall as Chara or taller now....
Right?
I am so behind on Manga.
I have to catch up in so many series.
Both excited and doctorading how much time this will take
Can my followerz please help my frend get more followerz??
Please i will give u each a solo shoutout if u do!!
D
been tryn all day trynna get windows to work this the last time I'm tryn :/
I'm gonna try to watch TVD again .
muxtape is the BOMB!
thank you matt!
Allen makes a perfect three for Phillis
Same for archives?
Yes!
And libraries!
3.163.17 Buy 1 pair of Women's, Salon or BP Shoes, plus 2 pieces of Cosmetics or Fragrances and you will receive a Nordstrom tote bag!
Tuesdays are worthless days
sounds like a metal orgy
Getting set up for the gaming competition on the Dell booth at IFA.
Come by for a chance to win an Alienware M18x.
Hall 13, 4pm.
Daydoctoraming while doctorving and wondering how the hell you made it home alive
JK, I don't have a misterTeddy :
The Wanted  Glad You Came: via
if you then, being evil, know how to give good gifts, how much more will your heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to those who ask!
Hey, Instagram, quit being a little bitch and let me post my pictures.
Thankfully, Pinterest is far more compliant than you are.
My pleasure!
bye bye twitter :
Great to be with you guys.
Let's keep talking.
Tinychat it is, guess ill make one today
where them fine ass hoes at haha
Mark did a good job distilling a complicated story into 2 minutes.
Looking for a cheap yet fulfilling lunch?
Try our 5 madefromscratch pasta lunch specials from 11 a.m.
3 p.m.
daily.
I swear if this girl takes up the whole hour of this office hour I am going to be heated
We're almost at 700 followers!
RT to get us 7 more people!
Ever thought about breaking your book up into booklet filled with tips, tricks and techs and handing them out at events?
Better than a thousand days of diligent study is one day with a great teacher.
Japanese Proverb
ONE sex worker murdered is one too many.
When there's that small piece of eggshell in your food 
Chrysler is having a hard time coming to terms with the fact that my car is paid off.
Constant offers/deals/etc for a new car here lately.
Success isn't the key to happiness.
Happiness is the key to success.
If you love what you are doing, you'll be successful Albert Schweitzer
: Harvey Specter  Matlock suits is sick
Is that like Farscape?
I didn't realize you were a fan of 1990s Australian scifi.
Puppets in space!
yes that is right open for the lunch hours!
There's a 99.9 that you'll might not c this,BUT that 1 keeps me going 3: NeverSayNever And I hope ur feeling better ':
I'll be the new public affairs director at Ames.
I'm lucky.
They have a great team there.
Friday's Fact: The space between your eyebrows is called the Glabella.
If my boy shows up next weekend, we're taking lots of pictures.
NP where have you been Rihanna 3
my question never got an answer...8 How did SpiderMan feel when Harry bitch slapped him in pt.2 of the movies?..
ATT service is beyond terrible on the train I take into NYC.
It's unusable.
.
felt like Melvin Gordon ran harder as the game went on; said best news with Badgers RS Frosh RB: We have four years of him.
Thank you!
:
Happy New Years!
Praying for you.
Good health, peace of mind, joy, strength to endure!Pprosperity in your finance.
God bless you!
I love your character Liam  I can't wait to see him in more episodes!!!!:
Oh sleep.
Dear sleep.
Whither have you gone?
I can remember people I was a dick to and I'm not proud of it but nothing on this scale.
I was more likely on the receiving end
Scare tactics always makes me giggle:
try a be a playa playa, we see right through you bro :p lol no but for real!
Someone's Life Story can be put into a 12 Hour Movie.
girl u need to stop sissy
Alright that's cool.
Either way we'll be in touch especially when the final game hits.
Can't wait.
Thanks.
We 3 !
How about you?
what do you mean MAY Haha they are oldman just kidding homie.
Is that the same that was Highland's Valedictorian Class of 2010?
Thank you ma'am.
Yes I did, lollygagging with my family.
I hope you enjoyed your special day too!
notice me out of 20million BELIEVE 28
Wow, not the way you want to start the game
I have so much homework
you already know
I got you covered!!!
21 year old lefty from Cuba throws 30 pitches in a bullpen session  locks down a 25 million dollar contract.
What a world we live in.
Sounds good.
I actually have a pair of free tix to an April game.
I will get back to you on the date.
:
Wow, it seems like most midyear posts are about banks!
What banks say, predict, promise and describe.
Slightly grossed out.
females stop lukn for the same caliber of man if u tired of them dawgs!
you receive what you put out
Congratulations to and who are graduating today Univ of Mt Union 2012 Welcome to the real world
lol.
Thats a very proactive plan.
:p
consistency is key, even w/ sharing and participating on other blogs  on your other netwrks authentically
haha hell yes I love you:
uh oh!!
Looks like the Thigpen Kids are reuniting today!!
Time to annoy mother!!
lol
Laying down for a nap.
its not a landmark
Difficulties increase the nearer we approach the goal.
I do have a test today, that wasn't bullsh.
It's on European Socialism.
I mean, really, what's the point?
Welcome to my world!
Throwing this out there...
how many individual posts do you like to show on your blog and why?
hmm well i dont really know much about him, i just know who he is ahahahaha.
but thanks for asking:
good idea, what about the BDC est criteria for when to eliminate enterprise zones.
Its game time whodat baby!!!
Thanks  we're on it!
How did I miss that seating assignment?!?
En route to park city, UT for a gig tonight!
doctornk posting....
so happy at 4 n 20...
ah!
Wish I had someone to talk to!!
Such a girl right now.
Ah!
Future so bright!!
Ah!
Always ready!
But get the vibe I'm the only one who watches.
Sigh.
MT Get ready!
A new episode of TheFirm airs tomorrow night!
This comes up every year in my family, so I'm curious what you think!
Egg Nog: delicious holiday treat or no???
Danielle
Season 5 is the best ever!
it's okay babe3
Blew one resolution last night but fulfilled another.
Really curious abt how my year will develop
Hi.
Just a polite inquiry.
If you're not planning on using this account, would you consider passing it along?
Unfortunately they are real.
Fox News: Mitt under attack by radical left haters as we speak!!
,
Hanging out at TSC tonight.
I expected Ned Land to greet this news with unfeigned satisfaction
: I hope you have a great day :
I don't think oomf and I would get along...
Even if we tried.
thanks for the follow Megan!
yeah that's true
I knew you were the man for the job.
I just bought food!
That mini party you have when the teacher leaves the classroom.
JOEL!
Get off the roof!!!
So nice to be able to just put my laundoctor in the washer and walk away.
No fear of all my underwear getting stolen...
again.
Switching to guns...
Working on the next hotlife release designs and honestly.
This is going to be the most insane run yet.
Get stoked.
Happiness does not consist in pastimes and amusements but in virtuous activities.
Aristotle
yeah I know where that is and haha thanks
It's easy!
The more length you have on the part that folds over will make the actual tying easier.
I like the person that you are, but I'm in love with the person that you have potential to be
Teachers with Nick Nolte and Ralph Macchio was the 1 movie this day in 1984.
I'm a teacher but have never seen this movie.
Just read on MMA Junkie you're going to fight in the Nola!!
Good luck champ!!
Just saw I got a follow from a couple days ago.
Well, I have finally officially made it!
happy motherfuckin' birthday!
I sell anything I'm a hustler I know how to grind
Me nd are gonna grow up nd work at Disney.
Shes marrying Austin and Im marrying Alex.
Our texting conversations;
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, March 27th, 10:30am Zebras Get Around Also Kamishibai Japanesestyle of storytelling
2009 brunch with
Toe fucking newborn reptile gash!!
Okay  I love Roger.
But that deserved a red.
scratch that, different guy.
The more i read the more psychology i learn
The eye candy in Spartacus is so ridiculous, I always watch the lastest ep.
2x in order to get the dialogue!
Great writing!
can you handle this ass?
Thank you very much for sharing.
We appreciate that!
RT : tidiest and most organized adult store i've visited!
not if deng is out.
Still don't think they have enough with roster to beat heat, but no chance w/out deng
If someone says 'I love you'  you don't feel the same way, say 'I love YouTube' really fast.
sometimes the decisions which seem hardest to make, are the ones that will eventually make us happiest
I know!
Just saw that too.
So stoked!!
Boomfound it!
oh BLESS!!!!!
BLESS BLESS BLESS.
i'm so excited I am SCREAMING!
so our dogs run to my dad when he calls their names, but ignores me like im speaking a different language.
does not understand that American Culture is based on Multiculturalism, guess that's cause he forsook his for another.
you are very talented and beautiful i don't know how you do it all : such an artist !
Given the lack of one good recipe collection app, I am resorting to taking pics of any recipe I like.
Just easier.
Or share yours!
I hope coach Thib get to the press conference clear his throat finally lose that frog  in a normal voice say this is bullshit
Then played some 20/40 LH and 1/2 NLH.
Lost a few flips, missed a few doctorws.
Made a good bluffdidn't work.
Made a bad fold.
Down 608.
let's go steelers!
so....
Did that kids baseball thing fall through?
Or are we still waiting for teams?
Just got the new cookbook.
It is so beautiful  and I haven't even cracked the cover yet!

im liking freddie jacobson's chances this week...
of course, i was wrong
U should swing by sometime in the summer and play a little bit.
Holla at me if u do...
I love you so much.
K?
The Hoole Library is excited to be part of the Week of Welcome events in Gorgas!
Come see us and have a snack Tuesday at 11 am!
Taylor swift was more than amazing gnarly night
It's a gorgeous day outside Come on in for a juicy B burger or some of Santas Salmon.
Warm up w/ some hot cider or have a cpl of cookies!
Einhorn's a man?
Einhorn's a MAN!!!
i saw You the other day!
I tapped on yo shoulder!
u like that?
next time I am in Cville we should find those slides.
How the fuck does a cord from the printer unplug its self and disapper???
But they have been the only two people but don't know where it it.
I got toothepaste and stew meat
RT : Me Jane, You Tarzan: Examining Gender Differences: Most men are clueless about women.
No matter how hard they...
I'll be happy if we both get the W all i know is at least one of them will make it to the playoffs fo sure lol
The Band is probably the most underrated and unknown band there ever was.
Keep that shit playing.
Imma play it all my life.
Man I'm so hungry right now!!
Yes I am.
we say we hate high school, that its boring and the people are bitches, but admit it  you're going to miss it when it ends
the fortress mentality will not work in cyberwar
Fat loss tip: Don't avoid fat to lose fat.
If you eat good fats you'll actually lose more body fat!
Lacee, guess what?
ALL the Buccos are classy dudes.
Haven't met a jerk yet
Thank you for the giggle.
:D
There comes a point in your life when you realize: Who matters, Who never did, Who won't anymore...
And who always will.
cool.
Thanks!
wait which one?!
love the circuit city in the background.
Favorite quote of the MIT Sports Analytics Conference: Jeff Van Gundy: I don't even know what analytics means.
I love this guy.
doctorve home from the studio today squealing as I listened to NEARLY finished mix of my song Smolder...the squealing is how I know its close;
thanks for coming to the 2nd Street workshop tonight, lots of good ideas came out of it.
Gloomy day?
It's beautiful, warm and green herelike Summer.
We love Summer.
So visit the Conservatory today!
Meek Mill 
You got the link fam?
What is everyone doing for Cinco de Mayo??
Extra firm tofu might be my first good experience with cooking tofu regularly.
THANKS MAMAB YOU ROCK!
THIS IS GOING TO BE AWESOME!
I might have an extra ticket for sale for tonight's Laker vs Nuggets anyone interested HMU
Thank you!
OMG ITS DarnellWilliams ON
Odd issue where interaction data is associated with the wrong objects after uploading to MapBox.
Will file a report  check locally.
Now speaking, doctor Mark Kline from Texas Childoctorn's Hospital
The only way my boyfriend can watch soccer is if my other boyfriend is playing
Tools to help people log off: 1 Freedom 2 AntiSocial.
what is up Justine.
how was the mac concert
eating Swedish Fish  curling my hair
How about the original 'Gone In 60 Seconds' or 'Vanishing Point'
That's definitely high on my list before grad school!!
I graduate in a year and change...thanks!
hang out fri evening?
Hi All  80's tune  Talking Heads Take Me to the River.
tweet me since irene ruined my
Feeling better?
So far shuttle bus 
Wow this defientley kicked in at the right time
that's what I was getting at.
Great game!
Someone stole the hubcaps of my squad car.
Who the fuck cuts zip ties on hub caps?
Only if one has chocolatedipped bacon.
its 11:11 make a wish!: i wish you could notice me and RT me!:  i hope you come true!
3
And riding a horse?
Kudos on an excellent episode!
Too bad watching again can't double ratings
I can't believe how many people want Skylar to go home.
Another argument for bundling data with articles and opening the whole thing up to the world for review.
Yes!
it was our old singers name and we wanted to be good people and let him have it...
gimme my 600 followers
good choice!:D you needa doctor baby?.
FixMyHeart;
I can totally see you saying, Sticks and stones baby!!
LMFAO!!
I 3 it
Who would be the odd man out Bosh?
No way Lebron leaves and Wade is the face of The Franchise
Carousel Lounge Austin...CHER UK in the K Car glory, we go on about midnoonnight.
It's not my fault.
It's Syracuse's for playing early today.
My dad went to high school w/ Boeheim.
I'm orange for life.
ahh i see!
I thought you were getting those in indiana too!?
supernatural the rest of the day?
I think so.:
well are you busy right now?
You should come over.
I'm just getting home
grow super old together :P
Don't forget, this Friday the Museum will be hosting our Monster Mash from 103.
We'll have games, reptile guests, and more.
I love when wears wayfarers.
zomg such a doctoramboat
RT : FF Because it's a GREAT gift idea for your mom.
Mother's day is in 3 weeks.
Get ahead of the game!
In the words of u think a bitch rude if I said I wanna fuck...right now!
Mom just told not to spend all my money in beer.
I guess I'm not as sneaky as I thought
I sometimes forget about Twitter, to be honest.
: That's why I go days without a tweet.
Where is shit Panamanians say?
Was prepping Naipaul on the beach this weekend.
:
Hey everybody on Twitter please grow up.
People aren't serious enough on Twitter.
Fuck you all.
I'm unfollowing you all
People storming out in the middle of the show!
People laughing, crying and making donations!
What's going on here?
BROWNIE POINTS thru 5/27
shane battier reminds me of frank the entertainer
PEOPLE ONLY LOOK OUT FOR THEMSELVES.....DAMN SHAME....
GOD GOT A PLAN THOUGH
Have the REPUBLICANS taken a UNITED STAND for the improvement of QUALITY of LIFE for the POOR and the MIDDLE CLASS?
NLD Mom/cancer survivor
Having to take shits that burn your asshole 
I'm seriously tempted to just write off the Bengals this year.
The frustration is officially too much.
UGH.
IKR!
LOL!
They try to act like it's all peaches and creme.
that makes 1 of us!
Lol
Grading Special teams  If they had lost that fumble  They'd have had an F 
I deserve the best
about as hungover as a brick right now.
enjoying the tantalizingly strong historical similarities between web programming and alchemy/chymistry.
Tonight I got to tell one of the Gummer girls how much I loved The Speech.
Look, fate MADE me a stalker.
My dad goin be like why do you have a F in band and im goin be like idk ask the damn teacher
doctorams are your potential future.
doctoram BIG!
shared by Art Jonak
learning python
You know that feeling when you have been troubleshooting for hours, and then you finally figure it out.
Yeah, that.
Bleed It Out.
Thanks Kev!
I have to get away from the snow that followed me here.
Hey, your 1/2 marathon is coming up right??
When are they going to be new episodes of rediculousness?
AAAAHHHHHHHHH WHEN WAS THIS
I see red
Kid's Day at the Kohl Center 122pm!
We love seeing all the little Badger fan's eyes light up when they see Bucky Badger!
: ugh .
stomach hurts
Sitting here late trying to write.
NP: Kind of Blue by Miles Davis.
Think I'll call it a night.
I want to eat chicken ...
not be a chicken.
I luv the latest McDonalds commercial!!
It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us.
Ok who is slacking?
No hour 3 of today's DP Show on iTunes??
because Orton is just as likely to throw it to A.
Samuel
aw okay cool
Good Morning Fellow Tweeters
Patience is everything in life.
You're welcome, you deserve it!
japanese have a word, bakkushan which means a girl who appears pretty from the behind but not from the front.
oh my fucking god nigga i cool i been miss u so back u have kik or something or u want to talk in dm ?
When people try to keep secrets from me...
Hahaha.
There's always the one person you can rely on to spill the truth...
Memes for America
Always act like a lady or gentleman.
It's not oldfashioned; it's smart business an leads to a successful life and career.
Ritas mango misto perfect high heat antidote.
I must say, it can't get NO BEAUTIFUL'er outside.......Come share some laughs with us tonite at AYEHOLEZ COMEDY SHOWCASE
People who doctornk, then go to sleep, and then wake up and say they are completely sober, piss me the fuck off.
nemechek is a bitch
I'm doing well, friend.
I'm just finding out about this SEC place, and I must admit that it seems wretched and backward.
who says your not beautiful....
nananananananana 3
MD House Majority leader says resident making 250k will pay 6.50 a week additional taxes.
Md special session On News4
So THAT'S why Sotomayor, Kagan, and Pelosi are ugly as hell!
That's an interesting use of Google Hangouts.
Have you been using them for anything?
or maybe you stepped your swagg up a few notches
are y'all coming to Montgomery
We like what you do;
well the iPad is on it way to being just that.
u rock guy!!!
Thanks for everything !!!!
Clickbank Affiliate Tips  Real Amazonian professort Plan Review
congrats on the win!
Total domination!
Embarrassing loss for us.
See you next year.
Did you pick up an issue yet?
I also yoyo, so I go for small, nutrient rich meals/snacks that have protein.
Helps w/cravings and crankiness.
That beet hummus sounds astounding!
go to YouTube type in Grandson gets brain freeze.
I'm so funny and cute
Thanks!
I wasn't aware of the term.
asked be Van Gundy fired...that's according to VG.
Exactly what happened with Shaq in Miami.
Probably not a coincidence.
yes you will :
Anyone staying after for mister.
B?
RT: Retweet to enter!
Last chance to win 2 FREE VIP tickets to the PinkCarpetEvent  Winner picked at 5pm today!
WSJ article looks  technology that would build ignition interlocks directly into car dashboards to prevent doctornk doctorving...
omg doctorbbled toothe paste all over my new top today and didn't even notice til now
yes she iss whyy do u care
I am ready to hit this new book...
I've heard so many good things about it...
The DirectTV guy at Sams Club INSISTED DirectTV wouldn't go out during storms.
Huh..
weird how it's out right now and the storm isn't close!
GAY RIGHTS RAGER TONIGHT!
Check out my boy Vitto's new track on Soundcloud.
Remix of Somebody I Used To Know
team Jacob lol...
U?
oh ok but uh I did I like sent it to all my friends
RT Those who educate childoctorn well are more to be honored than they who produce them;for these only gave them life, Aristotle
Killatouch you on 45th I'm fuckin wit you
Example, ground rule works great for plastic while shaved rule works best for paper.
Hopefully can wake up sometime this week.
James Harden to Be Named Sixth Man of the Year
doctornk on life
If not you, than no one : I'm hopelessly devoted to.....
Myself
3, thanks for another awesome show!
SHOUTOUT to You for running your mouth about people I fuck with  now you the enemy.
thanks for all the RTs!
Glad I can share valuable content!
I think it's funny how my girl friend call bryz Ivan!!!
Scariest moment in India so far: Waiter last night recites US history stats for at least 20 minutes.
Thought I was going to get quizzed!
Think I have a french GCSE today...not sure...I don't know a single word in it
Just amazed at how often I'm NOT present.
I deluded myself into thinking I was better at this than I am.
Nothing from Europe  DOW doctorps 240.
Until sugardaddy Germany supports more bailout, markets can sink.
Fear next week also over jobs report
Would you be interested in doing a phone interview with me?
Go go go and bring me food when you're done 3 :D
and Ruchelle...please hang in there.
This is a mind game that both of you are way stronger than!
You BOTH can do it3
the future of business is social
to save myself some time in the future...
foreheadsupergluepalm ..gonna make it hard to type, but i'll just use my nose I guess.
Union station today north cap and mass w/ tacos galore!
Pollo sofrito,barbacoa,al pastor and vegan purple potato.
Keep warm w/ tortilla soup
Too much Sangria at The Barge in Perth Amboy got me lampin hard at my house bro.
Still got mad love to my main sponsor bro.
I agree, but at least he took a stand and is making an effort
no me gusta
Just had a great meeting with the team.
Looking forward to their upcoming shows and special events!

i know you're right, Meg, whatever happens.
But Thanatos often gets the upper hand to Eros.
I'm bipolar anyway.
You guys are so cute!
It kinda makes me feel like a whore because of my costume.
XD
Nice.
Unexpected Hawaii Five0 after the OSU win!
Ah, three words: Daniel Dae Kim.
One more: hotness.
That is all.
City Closes Illegal Hotels and Puts Pressure on BandBs
Hands you a Spurs shirt LOL
how can you not adore a musician whose name translates to little bottle of coca cola
Right thing to do!!
RT: Hey  Can you extend the special due to your site being down?!?
Hey ModelUN crew!
Did you know I'm the best app for MUN conferences?
Free to download and no banner ads.

M40A3OCG oh no great facebook are you assholes doing a new
i could care less 2day about anything
Right!
You have a gr8 weekend 2
love ya more more and more
Listening to the new Oh yeah, this is good stuff man!
And thx to !!
was he just put in for defense?
Brian Urlacher is here to recruit JayPa to New Mexico.
Get the NO Bullying patch for free order your teams Varsity jackets now!
:P you first hahaha
I can remove 90 of your socalled beauty with a Kleenex
Are you there?
Then no, no it is not.
I really love my job.
It's so much fun.
But traveling is pretty crazy.
I enjoy FingerCam
My picture that I doctorw almost 7 years ago is up in my doctor's office 3
Who is this guy?
I missed his name.
Damn i am EXHAUSTED !
Lots of dancing tonight !!
Im out, Goodnight  
Peter is SO cute.
Deserves to be a dachshund celeb.
lol man it's so fun!
Can't wait for dinner with my babe.
I wanna go to taylor high
making a list for setting up a garden in the backyard!
is the COOLEST person alive!!!!
Black girl just told me you a big boy.
I told her Yeah but iam sexually like white Chocolate had here laughing her ass off.
Wondering what to give that special someone  try our bath bombs!
They are refreshing and they smell great!
Want to go out but I'm way to tired.
Who is AIRMAN?
:
back at work, wah!
FIXJOBS FIXECONOMY Stop signing Free Trade deals causing export of factories  jobs.
Every Billion in Trade Deficit costs 100k jobs
Acceptance letters for THATCamp Columbus have been sent!
Don't forget to RSVP ASAP.
If Jennifer is at the helm, it will be great RT : Brainstorming Innovationthemed HITsm chat topics for this Friday.
Stay tuned!
Assignment: Take portrait of photographer Dona Shwartz at her home www.donaschwartz.com

MUSIC worth Sharing  CHILdoctorN  European Playground CD Prepare the whole family for a crossgenre, musical trip across Europe.
The...
right.
And the compromiser in him made him change his mind to get GOP votes.
Futilely, of course.
Happy Birthday Chris!
Have A Good Time.
3 We Love U.
Try It Class.
October 3 1pm.
10, try all the apparatus before you sign up!
www.TenacityCircusArts.com
will wait for verification on Sat.
Thanks everyone for joining us!
teehhhee have fun on your test on every country in the world!
I've worked with them all and Infusionsoft is like that Swiss Army knife with 1,267 blades.
So big  versatile it's useless.
paraphrase of something i heard yesterday: Honesty without love is brutality; love without honesty is hypocrisy.
at night, he woke up late than turned into a bat and left when we weren't looking
ok, so my paper is nicely formatted now at least
if he did it'd be nice if he let his business partner know!
Design is not just what it looks like and feels like.
Design is how it works.
Steve Jobs
it never gets old u know
I can't believe my friend is missing...
Just finished the history presentation for tomorrow
imagine so don't act like I don't know what I'm doing
I'm on my way.
See you soon!
No , it isn't mine.
I wish tho!
The author's name is Taylor?
nice work on the mann interview.
really dig it
I have a test quick what's the answer
answer yes to should i?
would i?
could i?
before you find yourself saying should have.
would have.
could have.
Why is everyone suddenly playing the lottery
/men are Tailors
oh cool , did you like it ?
many thanks for the FF love!
doh!
of course!
Thanks!
re: every elem.
teacher is social studies teacher
Jumping back in for a 7day workweek.
I'll be arriving at the CNN Center just in time for the Indianapolis Colts press conference.
Script almost ready...This story is going to be right on with the tragic events in France.
Sake it to me!
RT : I want sake now.
identified as a Campus Security Authority significantly responsible for DePaul students and campus activities.What did I do to earn it?!
No brainer...
take the redeye and return on the 7.
Happy status building!
Wow.
Zimmerman protecting the kid.
Went after Hamels.
Beantown.
Things just got very, very interesting.
Unless you listen while you study and then end up writing the lyrics in your paper.
Let's go Miami make ur bloody shots.
This is ugly.
please add a seattle tour!
Bring1DtoSeattle 44
PREDICTED HEADLINE: SOPA shuts down WebMD.
Millions lose health insurance.
I admit it.
I'm addicted to warm weather and sun and palm trees and sandy beaches.
I love living in FL.
Perpetual summer.
www.lindaswift.net
yeah yo Florida thug ass.
of course : 333
I didn't see your tweet  what were you asking me?
I am so proud of you!
okay : ill paint them during our trial!
the Sodomizer should interview Bill Clinton.
I'm way ahead of you, though he doesn't know it yet ...
Look for an email soon.
And, it's almost worse when it's a prompt to take a survey!
ok.
I was rear ended yesterday car accident.
Today  doctor office
Several committees have been set up at OccupyLA: food, city relations, waste, demands, medical, media, security, finance, civic engagement
Great day in Bellevue, sunshine is making people happy.
How about you?
is checking his myspace page
If only Id of known That later on down the road Id look back and not like what I see Id of changed a lot of things Startin with me
to be sure, of course.
Lol
at the celebration of teaching and learning in louisville.
woohooo!
clbrt2012 listening to nice talk.
Hey, , you're sending mad spam, yo!
Check your password!
Apparently if I get 1500 of my closest friends to come to a game I can throw out the first pitch for the  who's w/ me?
Seriously, What happened to us..?
Check us out for all your promotional needs!
www.gtevents.com
what is the exact wording of the error?
Can you take a screenshot of it?
Father's Day BBQ goodness!
Busy Busy Day at the salon!!!
LIKE this post if we saw your smiling face today
is talking about the in Pittsburgh ?
It's about time :
Gloomy weather today.
Glad to be inside working on a cheerful custom guitar strap.
lol sadly I had to open one of my stores today :
I didn't see you.?
TY4M!
: sup Mum thanks for following!
teamfollowback
I hope I win tickets!
My mom would bring me but only if I got free tickets!:
its actually not me its this is his fan page!
Strong snl tonight, no?
ehhh I am sorry, did you hear him all pissed off ?
Lol
Try changing the channel.
I thought you just had the inside scoop!
LOL Hope all is well!
Tell Cathy we said Hey!
Yeah!
Possibly  me and a girl friend who just moved here from Seattle don't have big group plans.
I'll DM you!
Just confirmed, end of Feb.
I'm going to San Antonio Texas to do a green wall workshop for Mike Senneff's Company: PlantInterscapes.
Love it
Aww graduation time?
:
Shaviro: inner sensation is not a something but also not a nothing.
Like Thacker's analysis of life.
No soccer practice tonight.
couldntbehappier.
Except I have a dentist appointment.
That sounds like so much fun!
What will be on the menu?
Regards to the new the fellow followers,
gimme that cake
Twitter tip: To get an auto retweet from EinsteinBOT tweet a quote from Einstein :
If you can't close your legs when you sit because your fat rolls needs a place to rest.
You have a problem.
How many of you 43 bookclub followers are actually interested in attending the monthly book discussions?
Let us know.
us or DM your email.
Pabst Blue Ribbon 16 oz cans for
you all are not alone!
you would think.
Its hard to get qualified people.
250 I think.
NOT.....Mesoraco given the chance, can hit the ball, and just not catch it!
Happy Mother's Day!!
im in one ofthose 'i hate life' moods
will be happy to see you play again!
always a pleasure.
I hate asking for money  letting people buy me stuff.
It just don't feel right.
: i named my pussy rihanna cuz it loves to get beat up WHAT me.
aye thanks.
Laurie, you are very welcome!!
Thanks for the follow as well.
Looking forward to reading your tweets!
we never talk anymore!
:o

Nope.
But now its burning hot.
Sports bra and spankies to bed
It is easy to say live life to the fullest, but it's a different thing to actually do it...I encourage you to truly live...starting today!
Thank you!
We are in midtown Manhattan.
Oy.
I was going to get one this week!
Thanks for the info.
Museum open 10am5pm Tuesday  Sunday.
Last two weeks of beautiful Alfred Shaheen Hawaiian textiles exhibit.
Don't miss it!
I also have many librarian friends if you need additional input.
Can I get 85 followers?
:
love ya
Thanks for spreading the news!
Is that a free shirt?
I am annoyed by my body's constant need for more water.
Do the thing you fear, and the death of fear is certain.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
In fact, I daresay that a Bloomberg VP would alienate the conservatives Romney has worked so hard to woo.
I don't see how it's a net plus.
I had that too!!!
thy scored when we were there.
we were standing up and them they scored and I just plopped back down.
: That's nuts about DCMetro !
Another reason I stay far away from the metro...and the tracks!
What did you end up getting?
Just saw some guy give his mom flowers with the utmost excitement...too cute.
Perfect change in my pocket for the last mister Pibb in the vending machine.
reasonstobeatyourgirlfriend really?
What the hell?
No man should EVER beat on a woman!
What's wrong with this world :
No Internet.
Not surprised.
Thursday  Beginning of the weekend in
Got to watch ...
Other stations aren't here for
THIRTY.
SIX.
DAYS.
love u too
wewerecooluntil you became a total female dog
RT : Any Milwaukee area people going to tonight?
You should, they're talking about responsive design.
I'll be there.
Common Mahomies we can do it.
Vote for I did it and so can you :.
Austin is the Next big thing 3
Our party is on Friday 5/18  are you coming?
Can't wait!
So my phone isn't getting texts and mines are apparently not going through  super cute.
hey turkey I win!
Hands down
2012 should be the year you take strategic action to eliminate investment fees so your earned returns build your wealth, not someone else's.
: Is it a sign that DickClark has died?
There can't be a new years event without him.
The mayans strike again.
I'll take that!
.
A bag of Swedish fish.
Didn't have anyone to bring me cookies.
; Sat night will indulge in something special!
thanks for the chat, and here's wishing you win that ipad....
right after me!
roflmao!
I HATE when you call me that!!!!
And I love Kem...that's the next concert I'm taking u to hmph
P.S.
thank you!!!
Will catch on my reading tonight and see if I can find more.
here we go baby...OKC domination time!
I've been gone for a few.
What it do my twepoles?
Shout out to my new followers
I don't think it is deliberate but no one probably cares or is held accountable.
New pic published: Portraits of New York 0488
So I guess nobody can make a lay up???
The past itself, as historical change continues to accelerate, has become the most surreal of subjects  making it possible to
Thanks Scott!
Hope you are well, my friend.
No worries Amy, I found it!
Signed up and added my book about Chicken's who are forbidden to ask Questions :
follow for updates on these mind blowing videogame remixes
small minds dont grasp science...sad actually
What would the google history be of someone in a 3rd world country?
MY LEG WON'T STOP BOUNCING
favorite game is OSU vs little blue 2006 in the shoe.
yikes!
And, yikes!
Anne of Green Gables by L.M.
Montgomery: Tomboy gets the guy!
many thanks!
Ok so paranormal activity 3 creeped me out a lil bit!
Holy crap.
RT : The elephant is the only animal with 4 knees.
I've watched it once.
I'll see if a rewatch makes me less liable to trash it.
Fuck 'em homie.
Stay centered and keep the nonfactors out of your square.
hangover...
I doctornk a lot of tequila too lol!
Keep kicking a AJ!
mofo plz its my block with my rock
i wanna be w/ my bae cuddled up rite noww 3333 .
Everything should be fine.
Please let us know if you continue to see any problems  we appreciate it!
militant atheist groups?!
how about a militant religious society with no regard for the constitution it it's amendments?
what school do you go to?
c:
Now watch him stop in the middle of Hey Joe and doctorp in some Hey Ya.
haha
OMG RIGHT ITS SO ENTERTAINING
I'm sorry about the Patriots, but my evenings are incomplete without you!
;
I need mine to appear awake for a meeting, and using toothpicks is too painful ;D
Happy birthday : hope you have a good one!
Happy BodyFaucet day.
go with the flo thats exactly it its a journey u cant learn if everything always goes right supposed to have problems lol
at least 150 for 5 mins worth or maybe 500 for several clips...gotta eat timmy
I'm pretty sure all types of hate have been thrown back and forth between both fanbases that may be taken more seriously
So nice to see you friendly folk at today!
Thank you :
hey yeah we do, you can find our tunes at facebook.com/theslidersmusic .
I think he's still at large!
Everybody accepted there would be no Oscars, and now that there is, it's hard to care.
I am interested in data citations that are machine actionable  include checksums, both have been mentioned at
Cemetery weather.
She's definitely a sassy one, huh?
i can totally tell..
you keep spazinnn' out.
like..
yeah its kind of weird..
I assume when I have trouble reading them it is because I am a replicant ala Bladerunner.
To unpathed waters, undoctoramed shores.William Shakepeare
Because the satisfaction for completion is ultimately more!
: Whatever the challenge, we know you'll ASTONISH!
;
I can one your tweet
This change had brought out the best in Me Spiritually he really shows you what every you ask to see
How have you been?
looking forward to attending the Art History conference!
RIP Junior Seau.
My prayers go out to the Seau family.
yes, getting good at iPad typing makes the experience 10x better.
You might be interested in our iPad typing trainer app.
12 ft swell?
Lets go surfing.
vsa2011 April Award Luncheon: pretending we're aliens giving our observations of the Earth's Culturals.
who cares about boosie
Sad trombone.
RT : Hey, bigomaha, was once an avid supporter of SOPA  is a cosponsor on the House CISPA bill.
Gotcha.
Haha I've never actually seen someone do it but I'm sure they do.
Spring Training opening game for the crew: SF  MIL tomorrow  2:05...
bout time to get back to baseball!
ok ok
Is it a little or a lot I'm confused?
.
'I told you so' is not helpful in any way.
need to pitch in if they want Wi back  we need the help.
morning ladies!
RT : Morning pretty little lady!
: RT : Morning yall!
Lets get the day started.
I can totally tell misses me tons
Family You have the good  the bad times.
You need the bad things to have good memories.
You need your family there with you threw things.
He still old and washed up???
Love the gorgeous email with dessert truffles.My favorite is Creme Brulee with Jasmine
Can't Wait Until Tomorrow I Hope Everything Goes Well...
tough to do when you do a talk show
All hail the King in the North!
And the winner is president Matt Doud!
Check our Facebook page later today 4 video of Matt skating down Pratt in tights  a Speedo!
Today's clinic was a success!
New payment plan options gave economicallychallenged patients medical relief through cannabis certification.
Attended holiday gathering 7 today!
Now taking a break from partying to prepare for audition 29 on Tuesday.
Not that I like to count...
Hey Wisconsin and all those Packer fans so much for home field advantage.
Let's go Manning!!!
um.
He's a guy.
Lol
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.
Alice Walker
Im reading Enders game.
Ch 9 is about controlling discussion on the nets.
amst260, do u think other sci fi books predicted modern tech?
LOVE it!!
golf with some donors.
Helping a family who needs our help with their school.
The farm.
A wedding.
A birthday party.
And you?
Skydoctorve App For Windows Phone Gets 2.0 Update, Reduces Free Storage Capacity
Shoutout to our waiter.
She is stacked!
Lol
We can't send kids to schools with no windows that could double as prisons and expect them to attend and learn
Me thinks anotha trip 2 vegas is commin up soon!
Like a month soon!
Stoked
Anytime.
Thank you as well!
love you DONUT!
I just woke up from a nap that began at 7:30.
I definitely pregamed my slumber tonight.
We all need to focus on the basics and cultural literacy regardless of the tools we use.
I would really really like chocolate right now.
But I am trying to eat much healthier.
So I will not go to the snack closet  scavenge
JC sounded great!
My vacation has offically began!!!!
I'm serious
it's nothing.
It would be raining 30 minutes before my dini final.
Guess I'm going to be locked up in Holden for a while.
11 days before we launch the most anticipated Online Conferencing package on Talkbiznow.com.
And it's Free!
Can't wait.
Now y'all I don't think am any good, am just saying stop it!!!!!!
TONITE Old School Hip Hop Happy Hour at NV Art Bar  No Cover, Strong doctornk, Free Food  A Good Ass Time w/
4 hours to WineRev!
If you're hitting up Winefest today, make sure you use the hashtag.
Today I doctornk my 1st black cup of coffee not bad at all I thought I was gonna go into a convulsion, but I didn't.
Who would of thought...!
thank you for the webinar press
has very strong views on this subject.
We thank you for the mention!
Happy
ThingsWeAllHate The St.
Louis Cardinals.
Stuck in an art gallery and feel like I am going to suffocate.
any specific Mexican restaurant recommendations in NV?
Maybe I'll make doctorve down from
butterflies never felt so good 3
On the plane home to LA from Nationals.
Great weekend of skating so, of course, thought of you.
Hope you're well!
Ready for sound check.
Nerves setting in or maybe just excitement..See you at 6:00..
Do you choose can over tub so you can suck on it like a foamy baby bottle?
I'll never see that German sightseer Miriam again.
It's the day of the show, y'all!
Tonight we kick off our weekend of 3 NYC shows.
Tonight, tomorrow  Saturday 8pm Come!
Sucks came to stater bros to get toasted bread and im stuck in line behind 10 ppl with cars full lmao
Aloha!!
: I Wish I Can Put Flowers On Words !!
I always keep the game  start from scratch on repeat
When's the last time you've been to a public library?
Porn in public is more common than the Dewey Decimal System.
Hi!
Do you still have tix for NYTM?
I would love to buy them from you : Thanks!
Merry Christmas :
the wings were really good but probably not worth a trip to Tacoma...
maybe if I'm in the area again.
Because Idk my email for this one  I'm deleting soon.
Thanks for the follow!
If you have a problem opening jars: Try using latex dishwashinggloves.
They give a onslip grip that makes opening jars easy.
so sick today.
but on a call.
ouch.
Man told you to save me some dm
3 Improve food security.
4 Healthy food supply  healthy people.
5 End racial discrimination.
Mark Muller.
My man Joe Frazier has left us R.I.P Joe .
One of the best that ever did it in my book .
are you kidding?
that's like huckleberry sexy.
i wanna float down a river with you.
Fear activates the works of the devil the same way that faith activates God Nathan Morris
check out read the bio and look  her pic!
please
how's that even possible?!
Also, locals here talk down LOL in favor of HON so I never hear about it.
your from NY?
Thanks for bringing your brain to the b2bchat party
It's a good ride.
Woken up out of a sound sleep to my grocery delivery
no you shut it!
I'm good.
Just updating life!
I know it's been FOREVER!
We need a Watchers reunion, so come to the States already!!
Wait, what?
What happened?
WHAT DID YOU DO TO HER YOU BASTARD???!!
Digging the ZipCar scene.
Very convenient so far.
Hittin' the ladiez room b4 it gets stupid at intermission.
Just 1 friends.
Twitter works in the exec offices at ESPN, right?
Not even 1 time in 25 years has any pt.
ingested their whitening gel.
Us Humans are so smart, we won't swallow it LOL
Thanks!
If you need to tickle your taste buds with unique food in the Bay Area and want to feed your office, doctorp us an email!
I missed your message, sorry!
No Yale meet up, I'm currently in the Tavern, headed to tweetup  reception later.
Say hi!
it's possible to get only 5 years for 2nd degree murder but 20 years for stealing a computer?
Huguely or 40 and 0.
Yeah.
I missed a lot.
Dudes are on here getting engaged, getting in car accidents, getting preggerz....sheesh.
Glee is doctorma filled!!
Good Luck
We appreciate the RTs this week!
Let's all welcome to the Ophthalmic Twitter coven!
I fangirl so hard over omg guys your performance this week was amazing!
Even with Vermont leading 4329, they can't be too secure after last night's games.
After all, anything can happen in Dayton
ha thnx G
Thank you so much.
RT I cant even use lupe as examples for my hip hop arguments becausd if someone says something stupid i will get MAD
Ethan Foam
I wish I could go on Tumblr with this stupid ass phone.
;
MADISON, Wis.
Senate Majority Leader Fitzgerald plans on challenging enough signatures on recall petitions to stop any election.
it's okay we still go it
Happy Good Saturday evening!
Be thankful in all things...Go to your place of worship and give God some of your time!
too late, but it was an
People stop fucking with you as soon as they find out that you're broke.
lmaoo look at brittney, all hip !!
; 
yea messed up our plans
Im workin HARD!!!!
The treet Go HARD BUT I GO HARDERn my Yo Gotti voice
Call !
MT Yet another request for information about the tuition proposal was DENIED by NMSU public relations.
War is the province of the federal govt.
Read the Constitution some time, miss.
Birth control isn't.
Almost showtime!!!!
Congratulations to all the talent who have been REQUESTED to audition for an upcoming film!
We are setting up our blogs now to start sharing or 34 years of legal experience with Florida!
I haven't been tweeting much I get so lazy to type
how amazing was that nicki concert?!
: K
Little is said regarding what's not happening in China while a lot were said regarding what's happening in the Arab world.
am i the only one who eats frosting out of the jar like omfg that's sex in my mouth ok.
Well I'm enjoying my night....
Just bought my ticket to see HungerGames tomorrow!!!!!
So stoked!
May the odds forever be in your favor ;
aw Oo, I see.
Gusto ko rin yon.
If something else dapat feelings talaga yong reason, not distance or time whatsoever.
Hug her, kiss her, and smile for her.
But don't make her fall in love with you if you don't have an intention to catch her.
?
Are you ok?
What happened?
Follow Blush creator !!!
Rt if you love us, and get entered to win 40 in Blush Bucks
shit you look good to me baby
Party is two weeks away!
Getting excited for Austin!
If hanging w/  60 people for a private show in LA sounds rad, tweet  w/ the SonosStudio tag to win!
becuz erbody wana b da boss.
But it cost to b da boss but if erbody money hungry who is der left to b da boss of?
Packing for Coachella has been so stressful.
It would be so much easier if weather just said blistering hot.
i think today is my bestie birthday or next friday .
go to bed
tension relief?
:
A Parent's Guide to Bullying: Social isolation can be a sign of a Bullying situation
Thanks for the ff!
:
myidol she was the one that let me to keep singing and now im in the performing arts school.
our welcome!!
I've always wanted to tell you that!:
Our goal is to empower women with the info they need about the risks of early term deliveries  doctor Donald Dudley
Noticed that The Parent Trap is trending..
what a shame as it pales in comparison to Haley Mills' Parent Trap.
James Thurber The wit makes fun of other persons the satirist makes fun of the world the humorist makes fun of himself.
The greatest danger to our future is apathy.
Congrats on TEDx!
I'm the only die hard pacers fan on my TL lol
If you're watching the Bulls game  you hear a man heckling players in French, it's just one of my bosses, Mathieu, doing what he does.
Definitely check out our website thedetroitjournal.com.
We will also be on the on thursday at 11:15.
Challenging start to week no.
4.
41 mile ride today in cold, steady rain,  doctorving wind.
I guess I had something to prove.
Made it all the way from O'Hare to Logan only to have our silver line bus slam into a Mercedes SUV.
I'd laugh at marquis of marson blasts a ball.
Spring Break almost feels like Summer!
If Schultz votes for the notary bill, he will be recalled.
My uncle can't say no to tequila.
Just one more.
Why not?
You never know.
He's said that twice already lol.
Is actually bored with my youth group.
Contemplating going back there.
It's just not for me anymore.
I thought it said you can doctorp nay off and you guys can go di fun stuff I was like 
blaming himself for its' failure I guess
Wow.
You really are busy.
Your twitter turnaround time is awful.
Im really thinking about going, but ill have to talk to you guys to plan everything out
grind with me.
Relax your mind.
Take your time with me.
I love you deeply.
Grind for me.
; just grind with me babe!
Hahaa
How do you think a crank call to a strip club would go?
Maybe fabersham complaining about a stripper stained his clothes.
Who is the best college QB you have seen in person?
The night game at Camp with Brees was quite impressive.
where can I catch ?
Is it a podcast?
There is nothing cute about conducting.
Deleting one 'ha' from your 'hahahaha' cause you think its too much
me either!!!
Lol
NIce, Honest,Educated,Freak,Respectful,Romantic,Cook,doctorves, Dances,Tatted,Confident, Theres no other package like me and my big packageLMAO
Whoever said nice guys finish last must have also been a bitch and practically a dumbass
Congrats!
RT : Come see us we have a shiny new A from the health inspector.
congrats!
Man It's Rainin Skittles
Put a spoon in the freezer then put it on the hickey!
Alison Brie is too damn hot.
Oh dear god RT : Paris Hilton is trending on Twitter b/c she's going on tour as a DJ.
That is all.
What's good girls
I hope they don't mind me being on their island!
lol
Thanks Tim, and thanks for the opportunity!
Break a leg on your Fat Camp opening!
ya, who gives up coffee!
good stuff for last minute holiday gifts!
Looking up SEO words.
What words do you use?
new fave snak: pop corners chips not to be confused w pop chips.
they are like corn chips but r made from popcorn.
only 3 ingredients too!
that was good one.
Got to admit it.
But I'm almost positive I said bye.
I saw that.
The Bulls should get the 1 or 2 seed in the East.
Forget the Heat and the 76ers, they're going DOWN!!!
lol
at Friday.
I have 6 tickets I need to unload, let me know if you want them.
50 a piece
doctors give perscriptions dude, but we give PurpSkurpshuns Dude hooooo
damn and I was craving some earlier!!!
D: Don't trip I'll tell my mom to cook B
i went from 89 followers 2 105.
u guys make doctorams cometrue now i get 2 follow everyone i see on the twitter post board now
Omg I had the awsome doctoram...
Well ett had you in ett?
Like gathers like, our archaeology lab is turning into the archaeology lab  lounge complete w/ comfy couch and visits from other majors.
Whoever legitimately wants to start some revolutions, I am totally down.
Yes Lord.
Chris Paul keeps CLIPPERS on top by 1
Me  Internet  Credit Card  Thinking about   spent wisely
Sounds fun!!!
hey girl
T1: Faster time to market is extremely advantageous to patients looking for a solution currently not on market.
Develop a hook to a facebook or mobile app for user adoption, then combine professorle data with shopping data to send the message they want.
Hanging with and more at Society for Military History this weekend in D.C.
I Wana be able to tell her tell them other guys to lose your number cause your done They don't get another shot cause you're...love doctornk
SO AMAZING!!
he's just not Heisman quality just overhyped
New kids are still transferring to our school?
Idgi, school's over in a month and we still get new students.
:
And jotting down the smokers?
Yo one of my nikkas from fitness 19 works at the gnc now!
Discounts everytime!
Go confidently in the direction of your doctorams.
Live the life you have imagined.
Boycott StPatricksDay Why celebrate the Irish' enslavement of one of our Scottish brothers...Poor guy had a job to do.
Gates is very unimpressive to me.
Shoot day!!
Woohoo...thanks to my partnersincrime were doin it and doin it and doin good!
Look at the '12 Beetle.
It starts at 20 Grand; I think I'm looking for something in the Ford Fiesta price range.
I probably need that service clean my PC because my computer is running so slow.
At my first dlfforum since 2009 in Raleigh.
So nice to see everyone!
Umm.
I think I talk too much when I'm at meetings.
It's officially been a year today I joined da Navy
...notorious killers.
They expressed the same shame and embarrassment that Tiger's mom may be feeling.
Her son DIDN'T commit a crime but ...
why can Obama get away with starting a war that we should not be in but bush couldn't when we needed to be there
RT 6.02 pm.
I realize that rivers and radio make me sad in precisely the same way: the meeting of beauty and irretrievability.
i still wont let it show.
I was just wonderin how you are,and if ou missed me ...
Causee i miss yu free jonathan
Keyes 2002 Weber  Anthro implies it might be based off G's reading of W's methodological section in Economy  Society maybe?
I have my survival kit and I know what to do in case of an earthquake but...
all I wanted to do was call my mom!
hey when is your ladies night?
I would love to donate a raffle item :
I KNOW you mad!
Lol
Working on Playboy Radiomate 's Leg, Shoulders and Ab Workout for today!
Such a touching story.
Electricity: Keep talking
oh alright.
its all good thanks anyways :
TheFirstSongIHeardBy was Tell Me Something I Dont Know GREAT SONG!!!
very very catchy
Cody I have to wake up in 6 hours come on.
Entertainment is our business...Our experience is in creating memorable events.
Have you event at the Historic El Rey Theater....
The wayans bros are straight up funny, both of them are talented.
S/o to them..
They really did thier thing tonight.
I see you now you even have to keep your SO CALL friends at distance
Everything ok here, so here's the next question: any restaurant open for brunch today in Boerum Hill or BoCoCa?
Check out This week, I report on the Queens County DA's program, which the says is unconstitutional
Twitter is pulling me back in.
I just got back from Atlanta, seems like my second home!
New CD is almost completed!!
What the fuck kind of retarded, blind morons did they fill the anthony jury with?
Life's a journey.
My journey mostly just has me running errands for other people.
This 96 Bus smells like someone took off their stinky, wet shoes.
At least the Smart Trip machine is broken  Free Ride!
That definitely wasn't clear.
Meant I just cancelled cable.
You had mentioned doctorpping it altogether.
I'll probably get Netflix
Cleveland Park is cray cray right now.
Love to see crowds of revelers enjoying our neighborhood.
Um.
Now going back inside.
;
when i put this hit on itunes get that ok
Kids always like the opposite!
Thanks Rhonda!
A composer is a guy who goes around forcing his will on unsuspecting air molecules, often with the assistance of unsuspecting musicians.FZ
Hard to put an exact date on it, but first meeting of Occupy MBTA was Jan 9 2012.
Other groups have been working longer tho.
bwahahaha uggghh.
It was an interesting conversation.
Just try explaining her without the help of the internet.
Thanks for the follow33
That was probably the highlight of my year!
Just saw the funniest shit
I absolutely respect the guy for staying out there...but I'm fine taking my chances against a gimpy Aaron Cook.
I think this is the 5th seal breaking.
doing good thanks
I'm sure you ragged on the Dixie Chicks for Goodbye Earl as well.
This smacks of selfpromotion.
I need that freakin hour back...
That feeling when you dont want to tell your crush how you feel even tho you talk to them everyday.
Emotions on high cus it moves like the weather....
Changing on these dudes bet u think ur so clever
Moozickz!
You shall see soon ;
Hawaii you?
RT Bring what you feel is lacking in the world to it.
Talk about emowering  this will change your life!
Aw, you're so sweet.
I was thinking of you this weekend, would have been cool to hang out.
Come to NYC!
I promise no snubs!
;
Tried to reply to DM but it didn't work.
Twitter thinks you're not following me.
SEXnote to MEN: sounding smart may make her wet, BUT reading a book and actually being SMART is so MUCH HOTTER
Discussion: Aside from Google analytics is anyone doing evaluation of museum tech initiatives?
What to measure?
and what is this idea of yours?
I envision that being real awkward
Hey boo...you've been hacked 
happyeaster!
Have a great day everyone!!!!
xx
Too many giveaways by
I pine for Sonoma!
Love it do much!
Feels right in my soul when I'm there!
Now cheating on Goodoctorads with LibraryThing.
GR and I have been growing apart for a while, but we'll stay together.
Y'know, for the kids.
RT : TUNE INTO 98.5 THE BEAT NOW AND HEAR VERSE FOR THE
I am tending bar at Sunset Grill in Hillsboro Village tonight.
Come see me after 6:00pm.
Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day.
Lots of great workshops starting at 1:30 at FAI12!
Banjo Jam Session in Beale and guitar workshop at 19th Floor!
The best movie ever Coraline :D
Let's get doctornk and do some hoodoctort shyyyt.
Interesting  was glad to see the stats on PIN interviewees.
Birthday boy was cute , I want balloons !
Visit us inside of Excalibur...
serving the best burgers all day long!
RT : amandaknox is guilty as far as i am concerned
that's awesome man let me know!
Btw should be getting some stump softener for those big pits, we'll see how that goes too..
Let play a game.
On the count of 3 name your favorite dinosaur don't even think about it just name it!
OK ready 1..
2..
3  YourAnswer 
I miss having my arms wrapped around That is all.
Sweet doctorams.
ThingsICantLiveWithout my Andoctorid
RT : SAN ANTONIO!
Tonight, join  at THE PARK
protools was definitely a part of the recording progress, yes we do!
Glee Prom with Twitterless Julia right now!
I love how my 6 year old pronounces ed as a syllable.
makes the WWE book he's reading sound like Shakespeare.
the weeknd speaks to me man
that's dope Chickas !
We tryin to do a collab with the Wonder Broz.
Hopefully it works out!
Zaona
watching our new supreme court justice
I know.
But I'm gone 11 hours of the day AT LEAST, and that makes me feel so guilty already.
but if you go follow my other account then i PROMISE i'll follow back!!
Its early .
I wanna go to sleep .
RT : Freedom of speech includes the right to keep silent.
Nice customer service, nearly 2 months and the replacement for your broken product is not here and I have not heard anything...
My favorite is definitely Superb Sushi downtown.
Great food, service and appropriately priced!
Awesome!
I'm so stoked that it is available for Andoctorid now!
Home from work THANK GOD!
cubcadet snow thrower  life saver.
: Exciting!
I'll keep my eyes peeled out for them.
crap...I was just about to finish too...
how is it going, we need for you to get Atlanta back on board with your new joints.
This is Thomas from the Trumpet Awards....
I'm going to be conducting a full investigation.
stop posting pics of my Child.
Lol.
I'm getting really good, I know how to turn this phone on and off!
Can you change the time?
That's a little advanced for me Mom vs Wes
I do not watch American Idol.
I can't say exactly why.
I don't stick sharp objects under my fingernails, either.
Both seem to make sense.
Monthly PL statements show the overall professortability of your restaurant.
OCRA statements come in easily digestible, needtoknow formats.
I'm a fan of the APICA 401B spiralbound hardback w/ index page at front but can't find it :
ahh nice.
Well good luck.
Game Ball goes to
ha glad i could help from afar
The ESL Music event last night at Rutamaya was off the hook!!!
Scared money, don't make none!
PPA Pushing to Have Online Poker Measure Attached to Cyber Security Bill
M hm!
RT : Miss you too!
Those Red Sox lit up the Pale hose last night!
Oh my gosh, that ad is awesome!
Love it, haven't seen something that creative in a while!
thanks for the follow and
So great to see you man.
Thanks for coming out.
Let's talk rock in the next couple weeks!
no prob...
don't delete.
not evry1 is a h8er, ya no?
Any followers that would please follow me.
serving lunch from 11AM2PM on 9th and Morton.
RT It's up to you.
Use them or lose them.
Support local independent business.
Support your local economy today.
Absolutely; and there are important variations within fields
That's a greatly informative, well written piece!!!
Looking for something to do tonight?
Head on over to the for Headpin Bowling!
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Confucius
Just got our shipment of magazine!
Come get it while its hot!
Tune in to LAVAXP.tv 6:008:00 tonight.
I'll be performing songs from my show, Barry On The Spot.
aaaannnd they said it was gonna rain today....
I see some good old sunny SanDiego action from where I'm at ;
No.
It fell from my waist and he snatched it up and took off.
Knicks have only lost one game at home under Woodson.
Power's out in Logan Square.
Not sure the review is a good idea
GAMETIME in Macon!
FINS and Bruins tipping off ....LETS GO JU!!!
we guarantee your satisfaction with all our locksmith services.
.
If you need locks rekeyed, new keys made, locks installed or have special
I wish we had a bed in the break room.
I need a nap.
I'm At Olive Garden : yumm.
The cleverness of original tweet is that it was made at 8:04 AM ifyouhavetoexplainajoke...
RT : RT :
Out to dinner 3
So upset..
Omg there's a transformers ride coming to Universal!
Don't have plans for this Sunday?
Bring the family to see WEST SIDE STORY!
We are extending RUSH tix to both performances on April 24th
Great meetings with yesterday, looking forward to the same with today
RT : Eyes peeled people!
RT : Arcade Fire fans might want stick around in Austin after SXSW this year......
Crazy, it is snowing in Kansas City.
Speaking of crazy we are running a snow sale in our outlet store.
Save 15 on all food items!
There needs to be a live feed of ProjectC so we can follow along from Jamaica
Game time!!!
WHO PIG SOOIE!!!!
I miss my baby boy so much
Second anniversary?
All the things I can NOT be doing on my day off...
What to ignore first...
Albert GrayThe dictionary is the only place where success comes before work
Going on a school field trip to Central Washington univisersity
I'm referred to as the hot girl with tights hahahh i'll take it.
actually make that a yes.
this will hopefully be fun hahaha
RT : I love sending apology emails on behalf of !!
They go places  simply SHOW OUT!
Knocking the devil OUT!
lol i dont think its gonna be quiet at all throughout the concert x
Got to be one of the great moments in sport.
Bring on wonderwall!!!!
Way to go Slim!
thanks so much for including my book!
thc.
I took a breathing seminar once and breathing correctly really improves hour wellness.
Keep me updated
Ridiculous is the word
The Fray...
Worst Anthem EVER!
Congrats to 10 win to advance to the next round.
Next game Friday.
Well won game.
Happy Birthday!
Thanks for the great website.
I haven't really had any sleep
Planes trains and automobiles are all plotting against me this week.
can I get a birthday shout out?
: it would mean the world to me if u did :D
GWC to settle this race
Look at licking her burrito like it's a lollipop!
I'm sorry...its just that I have an issue with see thru shoes!????!??
I hate them ...
even cinderella's
Week 4: Teaching the Philosophy Day School Faculty in Manhattan 'Basic Movement Principles for InjuryFree Exercise'.
MindFirstFitness
I have a great tape program on a former Disney executive on entrepreneurship Mike Vance.
Great self help piece.
docprov
Sweet Ride!
looks like a tatertot.
a martini has more alcohol than a beer...I think I learned that when I was 12
Consultant does not work for us any more.
However we are still using Twitter.
Apparently a Rolex is no substitute for a brain
Luck is such deliberately and painfully constructed narrative project, it seems like it would reward superclose attention
's Blues Halloween Party Sunday 's Lounge that grown up shit Johnny Taylor mfs!
Listening to Interpol, good way to start of my day :
: when y'all get famous can y'all get Jessica alba to marry me?
period she's yours
a VERY DELICIOUS bowl!
That stuff rocked
Mazel Tov!!!
I am SO proud of you.
Well done!
:
Me too :D
5th of March?
no way?!
what a coincided haha :!
LA sweeps it at at home.
Crazy
thank you for following!
I've gotta get hip to some good equipment!
Have I missed your latest HuffPost piece?
Totally.
I'm starting to get it.
It seems like something easy to get into if ALL your friends already do it lol.
Wonders why the MET Museum does not have a smartphone app.
ME TOO!
I can't wait!
Are your farmers markets open yet?
Awesome weather finally :
I have both really enjoyed and been impressed by the past two episodes of MadMen.
What did you think?
He wouldn't come to Houston after the trade for Jordan Hill and Houston said he could go anywhere but LA.
OKC it was!
Just passed butteville, oregon...
You may not end up where you thought you'd be, but you'll end up right where you're meant to be
hello Have a nice day!
:
Hungarian Sausages today are off the woodwork!
Coconut Rum Soaked Brownies!!!
not anymore it got broken lmbo
Hi Steve.
I just wanted to thank you for talking with my son Jordan in Indy at the event at the Hyatt in Feb.
It meant a lot.
enjoyed listening to kcrw morningbecomeselectic broadcast from sxsw this morning
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate my ex's all say I have issues.....blah, what do they know!
Come see the show  Lori is FANTASTIC in it!
:
K I'll text you when I'm settled.
:
yes, I'd be happy to!
Friday is much better.
I don't want to miss the main conference.
:
Workout kicked my a but it was GREAT!
Great job by the folks tonight.
Great gala, fun crowd, and of course I loved the venue.
Super event
Roll Your Own Smoke Shops Argue They39;re Basically BuildABear For Grownups
Journey to the center of the Earth 
I always wondered about the halflife of tech workers.
I moved into library science after my 1/2  consider myself semitech now.
Yay, finally my birthday!!!
I'm so excited!!!
pumped : Continuing the festivities!!!
If you can't love me when I am worst then truly you do not deserve me at my best
Hm...trying to decide which stadium to paint next any thoughts?
Twins stadium?
which would be better Target Field or Hubert Humphery?
Garrard to back up Moore makes sense.
If garrard is healthy enough to do just that.
Srsly?
I bet they have all done that via email...
Will LeBron show up in today's final 2 minutes?
Fact: We have a private list called Hilarious and the only folks on it are  FF all ya'll.
We Packers play those notsogood Texans trashtalk season ...lol
CPAC 2012..
YAS will be in the action!
check the new blog out soon!
the baby daddy that has two kids with her is saying; fool me once, shame on you.
fool me twice, shame on me.
Everybody in the whole world needs to follow this amazing hockey fan.
that it does.
lol was on deans list when i left.
only got 2.0 in hs.
lol
fun yess the dark!
: I will reiterate that while 2Pac is the greatest of all time, the Outlawz have some pretty weak rhymes.
public enemy?
Lot's of debate to go on in Carlsbad at Wednesday's Planning Commission meeting.
Issues about growth and how to do it.
Attend if interested
this guy haha
I hate when someone ask you whats wrong just because your not a peppy little girl that smiles 24/7
That would be a bit tricky.
Have you thought about modding some penny sleeves?
I finally finished watching all of the wire.
If I had to rank the seasons I'd do 4  3  1  2  5.
Agree or disagree?
Thank you for your assistance this morning.
We are closing tomorrow!
Thank u!
Thank u!
Thank u!
Thank u!
Thank u!
THANK U ALL!!!!
Looking for guest blog post writers.
Let me know if you are interested.
:
It's Tues.
you should stop in Jade Monkey after work.
We have darts, pool, shuffleboard, board games  a kick ass juke box.
If I die young like in the next few days I blame it on the Girl Scouts and their evil cookies.
I Love angie
: Sometimes u just have to make an ExecutiveDecision.
Real Talk!
...nice to meet you...we are advertising not spam ...
thanx for advice
Hey hey hey Jenn : can i use the same video i won the acting contest with to enter into the Laugh Contest?
thanks Jenn
impressive self control.
The captainin!
Open social media at school makes me assume two things.
Mac environment and private or charter school.
Winter weather advisories in effect on the morning CTC is moving offices...
20K gowns and NYC sleet don't exactly mix.
Ugh.
I saw juan at the mall he broke his leg
Better.
Faster.
Stronger.
TPlush, if you have time sign a ball  give to Eddie for fantasy camp.
RT Speaking of , he's signing autographs now!
You are most welcome!!
I wanna get to know a few of my followers.
Go to whole foods and buy the Honeycrisp Apples NOW!
Omg...
I've never tasted anything this amazing!
So not kidding
agreed.
Hence the focus on DLine rotation depth thru free agency  doctorft.
those are indeed good.
How is life?
R.I.P Junior Seau
1,700th tweet goes to my best friend , even though we say we hate each other we don't 3
I genuinely hate wearing undergarments.
Yes indeed...
Is it not the perfect night to say FU to Fri the 13th, snow storm, the work week?
Come and join us for the perfect Friday FU!
Sale Sonax CS2180 Component Wall Shelf  Newbridge Home  shelves wall mounted
Just sat on a bay area rapid transit train with brand new seats!
taco johns  bomb, especially right before a game!
Headed to St Paul's school to sell Haitian metal art before  during the intermission of Twelfth Night.
incongruity?
could use help in Queens with our doctorg free home program, launching in Newark NJ in April.
doctorg detection with tech
will do man!
Will you be here for WMC??
you must be EXTREMELY social to have that many gotta tweet that moments!
I mean you gotta get your ideas from someone lol
Thank you.
We pray with you.
Join us from 13p at Walmart on 7200 Arroyo Crossing this Saturday for the LivFast 2012 Tour!
Win Monster Energy Cup tickets and more!
Sad day for the mets and all of baseball....will miss you Gary Carter
exactly this team needs to addoctorss their holes at or before the trade deadline or this season will get ugly
RT : If you've been overtraining your sitting muscles, you should probably give them the day off and go workout.
Where is the freaking trust?.
Indeed!
Our poor guys.
Looks like they are playing on a Slip n Slide.
Aw yeah, first sunburn of the year!
It's all downhill from here....
Robert McLean ROCKS!
Talk about stepping up and taking care of State Farm Insureds.
Alot of work and proud to be of service to H/O's.
Yay!
Him and Oden are the NBa's version of Grumpy Old Men.
RT : Andoctorw Bynum is 22 and looks like hes 45 lol
Last night was the real deal
In the words of Marvin Gaye  What's going on?
Acorns were used as a coffee substitute during the American Civil War.
odd facts
Why would Peyton go to the Broncos?!?!
They already have Tebow..
kobe must have been blind not to see that coming!
Yea I'm gonna have to bc yesterday was a practice run but today Is the real practice run, Takes me a week to get warmed up.
Can we rig social media influence?
Follow and interact with him about Moms to find out.
'Your Mom jokes are fair game, of course.
Yeah, that's the one!
Damn I could really go for one right about now.
I do have stories, there not on twitter but i could send you a link if you'd like.:  then I know of several people too.
tweet me
Happy birthday c;
howrace how matters more than money but not more than winning in a how way
hell yeah!
how was the sac show?
RT : Morning Winos!
I hope everyone is excited for 's Italian wine tasting tonight!
See you there!
's voice is so amazing  incredible!!!3 hehe;
you have twitter?
Lol
Anyone in Chicago for the cinco de mayo weekend?
Thanks for the RT re mixer at Joey Buona's on Thursday!
Damn and that was on a white girl LMAO
Great to hear!
We heard great things about your booth.
Us too!
RT : Had a great time in the Big Easy.
where at in oregon will you bee?
The dog is a gentleman; I hope to go to his heaven, not man's.
Mark Twain, letter to W.D.
Howells, 2 April 1899
Check out 8th On Campus apartments, they have HUGE bedoctoroms and livingrooms!
Omg about to leave to my Sis house
sombody at my house dats fat ugly short n black hahah her name on twitter is kkisforever follower her to make fun of her plz ppls lol realy
Turn out tonight is great but the questions could be tougher...
The moment when your ipod dies in the middle of your favorite song :/
We have much to be thankful for!
Have a wonderful Thanksgiving!
If you tweet Bored AF on a daily basis, you need what the rest of us call a Job
that's what I like to hear, i'll bring the tequila!
It's parentteacher conference day at Positive Tomorrows!
Had a great time at schmidtatstern.
Thank you
I prefer doctornking my dessert as well.
notice though I said paisley was the greatest country guitarist.
Sailfish can leap out of the water and into the air at a speed of 50 miles per hour.
It's been a pretty mild one today.
Now is the time to do your unit maintenance.
I wonder whats gonna happen when they bring the black on black jordan's out!!!
: : Before bed, Gemini checks Facebook and Twitter 12x.
Hahahaha true life
always!
n since I moved away from all the negativity my health has improved greatly.
i am back to playing with my boys.
Jim Tressel will be the next head coach for the Indianapolis Colts.
I'll sacrifice for what I want...
STAY LOCKED TO FIND OUT WERE TEAMUET WILL BE NEXT SATURDAY!!!
THE WEEK AFTER TEAMUET GOES TO THE ATL!!
LEGOO
That is fantastic!
I think is so pretty!!!
Legs on Fire!!!
8.5 miles in the books, 7.5 to go in the morning.
Patriots fans!
SPECIALTWEETISCOMINGINSECONDS please retweet it...
very neat!
Yosted RT: what's worse for KC fans: Royals losing 9th in a row or Yuni getting 2 hits, guaranteeing he'll lead off tomorrow.
we will be raptorous while doctornking!
its ok.
The price of being the boss.
Thanks for the FF
Did you feel the heat?
RT That's the best explosion in the history of television.
hahaha i'm not finished til friday evening
Whn people put up statuses about going to bed  you're just siting with your ice cream  books thinking..
I'm just getting started!
When you miss having class with someone

it was predictable because no one was willing to make any big moves.
I do say that Kim was superb!
I know, I suck.
Let's do lunch next week!
Everything and everyone pisses me off!
FUCK DAN GILBERT ....THEN MY NIGGA ODOM IS CRYING AND TO TOP IT OF BRANDON ROY IS GONE?
WTF NBA IS GOING TO HELL
Looking forward to today's luncheon with Catherine Roe tuned for tweets from the event.
Fascinated by the Game Change on HBO!
Right now
I'm tryin to get fired tomorrow 
going to pick up my monneyy:
that'd be so fun
Have you tried PicMonkey or FotoFlexer?
Those are really more Picniklike, I think.
New users are registered.
They are welcome to GIS Extensions Market.
Off to work once again.
Gonna earn that money!!
xD
The word grind makes me smile CieraMariexoxo
i can give u a guest pass if you want, btw, i cant send a msg back if you are not following me
Does Shep Smith still have a job at Fox News after his comments this evening  I would think the audience is not happy about 21st Century
Wonderful turnout for last night's opening of Liminal Suspension at Gallery 114.
Thank you for coming out!
Test in 5 mintues, game time.
See yall later.
One place I wanna go before I die is the straight ghetto of Atlanta ..
Greatyou can give me a little first hand info!
What else doctorve your conversations?
While at the corner store this morning, the guy behind me was buying an Olde English 800 and some Starbursts.
Nice way to start the day!
Tell Rob to shut up and coach.
having oil change trouble?
come in to brake specialists plus!
we'll take care of you.
yes, later though, like 3pm...
Another day out protesting instead of teaching
Working on the web layout for new Pocket Shot Energy!
This is going to be an amazing ride.
oh I would of paid to see that scene.
Some pretty cool stuff in the not oft talked about movie Hanna from last year.
And the soundtrack by The Chemical Brothers makes it work.
I'll be a part of Pigtown's Health and Wellness Festival next Sat.
May 5 near the stadiums.
Come doctorm with me from 112!
Phil argues lack of government protection of recipes or fashion hasn't slowed innovation in those fields.
3 Goals for the OA movement: Prestige, quality  access
My friend is deleting his account.
RT : A Porsche is just the male equivalent of a boob job.
She redid the house.
discovered she was part  of an unmatched pair.
: Ugh!
RT : Just went public: multiple sources saying the May 7 launch for is likely to slip.
Merlot with Chicken noodle soup for Christmas Eve
thank you!
Our conversations about it were really helpful.
I definitely want to collaborate on a paper/writing/critical text.
I just told a beautiful girl There is nothing good for you in that vending machine lol ballsy !
Dude, is that gonna be on ESPN??
If it shows up on video, that would suck.
I really hate shopping
Wrapped recording new meditation CDs Meditations to Ease Anxiety, and Meditations for Self Compassion.
Stay tuned for release dates!

Hi Vanessa, currently we do covers of poppunk songs from Green Day and Sum 41 and have some original rock songs.
for u bday
I miss tweeting all day with
My nigga Jokim just shook bra and made him fall
Don't care about anything right now!
I can't even stop smiling!
So happy but with so many problems..?
Wonder how that's possible.
Love life!
Tiring Day.
thanks dude.
I got a bunch of work games this year so that is cool.
Also got tix to target field.
Not a Brewer game though.
del.icio.us founder starts new career as bioterrorist.
Just got done running for 30mins..
Felt great but the legs are killing!!!
I love this little hippie town!!3;
Love the new postsecretapp it is addictive.
It should probably have a spell check element added but, it is a winner.
how are you?
SC Johnston sex scandal, Billionaire Heir accused of abusing teenage girl.
Now this is were i have too be stronger than before...
Mann I Feel Like Trashh Right Noww ..
'
are you referring to another player who did this?
MakeYourOwnSundae!
MakeYourOwnSundae!
RT As a token of our friendship, I got you this riding crop.
I could of got a Bentley but instead I got a Chevrolet
I'm eating chick fil a?!!!
I was one of those 2 million :D
wow you're so funny I can't contain myself
they all look ratchet
and  is uxhappyhour still happening with snowpacolypse going on?
Have a San Diego Client looking for a midlevel sales pro looking to join their team.
NanoTechnology Coatings, pretty cool stuff.
Email 
It's not often that my job requires me to do math, but when it doesthose are the best days.
Doing nothing tonight.
Hm.
thanks honey!!
I'm claiming it!!
;
I don't want to be a sundaylibrarian, I want to stay in bed and sleep in.
The good news is, Rufus realizes my office is a place 2 do business.
The bad news is, he doesn't realize it's not a place 2 do HIS business!
boxing day bay the bay  sunny, crisp, fresh.
you are amazing not becoz of your look your style or your songs but becoz of your doctoram and your triumph that made u amazing!
Will look for that, thanks.
Will and grace  best show ever
All of the content has been moved to the new website.
We'll let you know when it's made public later!
They say it's the best barBque in the south end!!!!
thanks :3 but I'm afraid my bffs boyfriend likes me :/
Facebook for me is for people I already now
4.75 for a latte at the Bourgeois Pig...
Frig...
I'll have to remember to check that out.
Is it in summer?
How can I be so damn stupid?
I'll have to fix this song tomorrow.
It's gettin late.
FOLLOW ME and ill donate 50 per 500 new followers to the by easter!
Happy Valentine's Day from CCWA!
My side hurting..
That tonight's gonna be a good night : RT : I got a feeling.....
2012 Goal: Maximize productivity
Blondies and beer
Watching RAW :
Ashamed.
RT Clipper fans weren't Risen enough to help the team's best player, but Risen enough to grab their camera phones.
Great!
Let me know who you are on your order, and I'll do something special for you.

menaces, nuances
Henry Ward Beecher: Faith is spiritualized imagination.
These kids are being angels...okay what alien kidnapped and replaced them with clones in the middle of the night?
Lyrical Trilogy new tracks on the way
Hey, Dan, thanks for following me 'less you're in the US won't be finding you in a pub!
But  what is a chav?
PeopleWhoMatter Michael Jackson, and many others
STRONG ADVICE, NEVER TAKE ANYTHING FOR GRANTED, ESP LOVE, BEC WHEN UR REALLY READY, U MITE HAVE MISSED THE BOAT,DONT PLAY
Wait, does that mean I should continue the streak?
Because I really don't want to, but...
When I see all the past seniors college photos, it just gets me so excited for next year.
From warehouse to offices, hospitals to libraries and museums to retail outlets
is off to bed knuckleheads!!!
lol
we added alt tags I hate this on a number of levels
they stopped a woman yesterday and were out there again today looking for trouble...
Kid suspended from a Va school for having a bag of oregano.
His last name?
Grass.
2 funny.
time to get some work done and get ready for american horror story tonight!
Thanks again new followers FF , , ,
RT If you want to tweet shirtless pics of !
Ugh my allergies are crazy..
Eyes itching can't stop sneezing damn country bumpkin ass town!!!
RT : RIP Whitney Houston, a Legend and great American artist.
And always, one of Newark's and New Jersey's treasured daughters.
RT Holy crap!
you're smokin hot!!!
: And you're blind.
But thank you.
Gotta pocket full of cash we can blow.3
wow!
is the cat really a calico?
sweetness is rare from those fuzzies.
hope she finds a good home.
got an issue?
:p
Coach should have given his idol to either Sophie or Rick.
Show your loyalties, dude!

it's going to be okay 
My vote is for Mike Brown
im from cali, but i live in chicago now
I've worn glasses since the second grade, so I'm used to that.
Thats legit right there.
help us get 300 followers!
:D whos from washington!?
we want to follow you:
are you working with the scouts?
I switched, I will make it out!
It is what it is.
Rangers won.
RT : RANGERS YOUMAD why are you retweeting this?
how IS your birthday going?
Thanks for the RT, Lori!
My mom said you were a good one to follow.
;
LOL!
Almost!
We forgot our stick for LAX game.
Ain't it crazy?
RT :  This the most active I've seen Amare the entire series....and he has one hand.
Mulesummit Ross Mason CTO Speaking about trendsand the importance Of Integration as we move into the cloud
indeed so
you forgot to say please, love.
xx I will follow.
Honestly?
I could not have a better life.
my twitter says your not following me
Wanting to live in the suburbs inside a big city.
Houston homeowners are an odd thing.
I think you should!
stop kendall lol : let me get a pic of you and see what happens!
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
David Brinkley
Oh, the horror!!
Glad u luv ChocChip Cookies!
All Divvies cookies, cupcakes, popcorns  chocolates r vegan, nut, egg,  dairyfree.
No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more that pipe doctorams unless you pursue them with gusto
Goto currently only affects flow of sequences; doesn't explicitly set playback position.
It's super confusing.
Will change.
Tired and hungry
Moved by our President's speech.
I am proud to be an American!
Check  QuickBooks Ultimate Lesson Guide DVD.
6 disc set w/Book, Special Library Price 199!
www.QBLesson.com 8889768567
Just love when 21 year olds ask me out and my mom ask does he have a job?
Cuz if he's got money hit him up lol love my Mom smh   
What's happening tonight?
Dead : Oh no you didn't...Kelly could barely make top 3 finest in her own group!
Anyone get a chance to see the one hundoctord year old man run the marathon?
Get to the gym no excuses today!
To acquire knowledge one must study, sometimes to acquire wisdom one must observe
Giving away 1GB USB doctorves at GE'10 to any prospective customers who stop by the Brausse Group booth and register with us!
www.BRAUSSE.com
I am pretty sure Nick Johnson has been theist effective base stealer for the Orioles this season.
u and Jake got them boys ready to go.
They r playing good up here
Are you wearing space pants, because your ass is outta this world
These dudes are on their grind, a must follow!!
The price of greatness is responsibility.
9 hits thru 5 innings for the Twins, so they are putting the ball in play.
Just need to improve the situational hitting.
Ik im not thing to slp anytime soon, just woke up
Loving the Flogging Molly?
Now that's my kind of Meteorologist!
swoops in
Ive been living that sukafreemovement for years.
Fuck off Jackie Robinson Waka and Soulja Boy are both sick as fuck
WOW!
They didnt block Twitter  school!
damn sorry to hear..
We call upon all of you to use omla at mla12 and whenever you wish to stand up for adjuncts, NTT, grad.
students, the voiceless
And the award for the best friend of the year goes to.....GOD :
This morning I had the great pleasure of doctorving behind a crazy swerving, brake pumping 25 mpher.
In a shower cap.
Flailing with the radio.
I'm gonna eat then see if anyone wants to hangout.
although I can't think of a use case.
Maybe if I'm one day stuck in an island with only Windows.
Goodnight guise.
c: 
Today has been better than I expected it to be!
Think really hard about visiting us tonight...then actually DO IT!
:
Hey stupid win BACKSTAGE PASS to ExtremeReunion 4/28 in Philly.
change ur professorle pic to ours now.
doctorwings on monday.
dont be stupid WIN!
Boys that like Justin Bieber.
Cool.
You shouldn't plaster it everywhere to get girls attention.
Usernames like: b0yB3l3beR4Evvaa ok no.
why arnt I tired .
I like the idea of commenting on existing posts.
And using that to sort/filter if wanted.
H A P P Y F R I D A Y!
Hope everyone has a good weekend.
Anything fun planned?
Take them shoes off your teeth and quit runnin' your fucking mouth.
O snap!
Who's that?
Don't touch me, I'm 2 hot!
Yes!
Que paso?
Here I go!
So dope!
Y tu lo sabes!
No pare.
Sigue sigue!
That is the happiest photo on earth.
ImHopingThat when he serves his time and gets out that we will be able to work out our problems
In 1999 we though the search game was over, Yahoo had won 
Sitting in on talk on Redis Application Patterns at
oh crap!
doctormisterll .....worst Twitter we've come across..
for you sadomasochists out there: get ready to overdose on chicken soup
What are your picks for the NFL playoffs today?
Apparently agrees, but is confused by your tweet.
hell yea man when I'm in town we gotta do that
And now the countdown begins to both the new year and CES UNVEILED for ZOMM!
Who is coming out to see Big Foot this weekend????
We are so excited to have them back with us again this year!
It just never gets old!
It's beautiful!
Happy Birthday, Carl Sagan.
I'm still inspired.
NO!
Let's bring back the old Caps/Devils rivalry from late 80s/early 90s.
I died a little inside when Scott Stevens got traded.
Why is it that it took 5 minute stand stills on the 15 for everyone to just merge into one lane!!
Did you know Shakespeare invented the words assassination and bump?
How does Tebow not go to Jacksonville?
He would be a huge fan doctorw  make the franchise instantly relevant!
She teaches us the importance of how to grasp the concepts of this thing called life on all scales.
How we interpret it.....totally on us
Presidents Day Sale going on now...
20, 30, and 40 off select items!
Stop in and check out our new spring product!
if you ever run into Sam Hurd, are you going to ask him if he is still running dope, like you asked Nate Newton at Ticketstock?
hahaha be back in two days.
:P
I have a feeling this doctorft will make much more sense as time progresses.
This isnt for now.
It's for later.
Lots of upside here.
What a sober crowd at Fenway  in the 13th.
enjoying my last week at home.
i will miss it, as always.
haha I will I am doing some more history studying first though.
Why are you not asleep yet?!!?
Thanks for your support!
indeed they do
Proofing the yeast while Simon  Garfunkel do their mellow Sunday morning thing.
Off to a good start.
Sumtimes I wish I could go on da Price Is Right!!!!
right there with ya!
SUCKS
They raped him to death???
Relaxing with fam.
Glad Doo is home.
Toasty fire, good football, diet pomegranate 7UP yum.
Helping Doo write a letter to Santa.
cherish
one official per player?
Music Video shoot for Falling Up Ft.
Nina Luv begins tomorrow
Excited to get up on stage and present some well deserved awards at the Film Festival tonight...

Kentucky made it do what it do  a good run Kansas!
NCAA Let me go get that.
we have to get together again soon!
maybe a little backyard fire and beer  s'mores at mi casa?
Excited to have just read a review in print for 40000 fav.
exChicago artist Josh Mannis.
Will be soon.
OMG I'm excited today because today with my boy  York :
You breathe in and out anywhere from 15 to 25 times a minute.
I challenge u!
5432...
As you go about your day ask yourself, What can I do that's in full alignment with what I say I want?
in total how many research points do we need by the end of the semester?
U spoke.
We listened.
Don't like the high stakes tests being given?
We're making new ones.
Arne to teachers
Flattered.
I'm selected as speaker 2 national convention 4 Passenger Vessel Association.
Talking about new media marketing.
God I love dating straight men.
The voice just keeps gettin better
omg 4 more day i am getting old lol
OkUPrettyBut your a bitch
Hey guys, the first 5 callers with the password, Rubber Duck win a pair of tix to tonight's 10pm show.
4158574785
Chatting with a c0mcast rep.
I'm sure it's just a coincidence that her name is Eliza.
Met on Skidoctorw w/ OneChurch  hope you're well.
FollowBack and see you on
awww !
That was cute smiles from ear to ear
I grow a playoffbodybeard year round in anticipation of the postseason
who seem to think they are victims  don't realize CysticFibrosis doesn't define themthey do.
I want my DD 2 know that!
Tell us your favorite wine varietal and why you love it.
I'm only half Italian so I can never be a made man.
That awkward moment when you just now realize your shirts been inside out this whole day...
I don't think it's possible to be more hung over.
Today is goin to be so shitty
If you like Five Nights in Maine...spread the word!!
Tell your friends about our facebook/kickstarter pages!
Tell you Amazing Beautiful Mother that I say Happy Mothers Day !!
She deserves all the love !
I would make a fucking awesome wife.
Hey.
Thanks foe following.
Did you eat a lot if cranberries during your thanksgiving feast?
It is, like we have this song in the making called Our bassist left the band which is about our bassist leaving the band
Just watched doctorve...ew.
keep a smile on your face
prayers go out to brian urlacher and his family great player im sure his mom was proud
Aw man, why cant you come?
Time to go sign some paper work and get some flyer photoshop rollin
The second installment of BeerAndChocolate begins shortly at
uh at school and then i gotta work later and tomoro prepare for club silk!!!
KATIE'S MOM
You can pay for school, but you can't buy class.
At a Media Training representing as a Lead Advocate!
Stop budget cuts affecting LGBTQ homeless youth!
Yeah bro, til Tuesday RT : you in the dmv?
Thank you.
:
Just put 5 in a change machine expecting quarters and it gave it to me in nickles 
New Mindset , Focused 
RT : Generally what is more important than getting watertight answers is learning to ask the right questions.Madeleine L'Engle
hook it up.
not if I kick you off first
Then , I want my friends to grab the lit poles on the side of my casket and dance off Keedy blackhammer
I think there will be more supermarkets than people to feed in the 518 soon.
Welcome whole foods
At the cafè and reading hellboy love days like this.
Is Brittany Johnson Still a member of the Team??
She is awesome..
::
we know BK seems like kingdoms away but we promise Wine Riot NYC will rock ur glass!
At my first blogathonATX...
not sure what to expect, but the house is full!
Sarcasm?
: Thought Garza was better than that , maybe he does suck.
500 pitcher
He who tiptoes cannot stand he who strides cannot walk.
Whoever The Video Girl Gotta Smoke Tho...
Nothing says 13 days til Christmas like frantic shopping on the Ave!
Give yourself a break and pop into the B for a hot  juicy burger!
Thank you for the RT!
Really appreciate it
Chicago Tribune columnist Schmich, Northwester professorssor win Pulitzers
This is so helpful.
Its definitely going to happen.
This shall be the best summer yet
We got those jumping jigowatts.
...
Adele is a wonderful performer whose persona and singing talent are on stage front and center.
Very special!
Its cold this morn!
If you don't see the qualities you desire in the people you lead, it's because they don't see them in you.
Ed Rapuano should shower up and call it a night.
last 100 to follow gets a followback from me
Oh I will and I always do!
we wouldn't have Bevo anywhere in our house, even below.
: Same with anything crimson and cream!
Congrats to Ellen Hart from Houston, TX for winning a LightPad by Artograph during our Reader Appreciation Week!
Come see Mirage play Saturday from 711pm.
Enjoy this Milwaukee favorite here at Jimmy's!
You probably typed Weeknd once and it learned it.
Now you're forever screwed and so am I.
a Romney win in PA would prove what PA Dems have been saying all along PA hates Santorum.
Even our GOP.
oh, ok.
just as long as they weren't pics of you because you're a sweet heart
Love wins!
Same sex marriage passes in New York!
nope.
hasnt been for ages...
You are very welcome!
Have a great weekend!!
Your face.
I like that shit.
GOOD MORNING FACEBOOK!!HAVE A BEAUTIFUL DAY !
It appears that I have become the official party planner for people who get new jobs at natgeo....
If you already have a commercial agent, it's not much of a stretch to sign on with a commercial print agent.
Sound boring?
6,000/day!
Now?
I'm doing the work of 6 ppl today; my ENTIRE dept is out.
AND of course everything yesterday  today is an emergency.
::frown::
Metal Ballerina  singer/songwriter Polina Kourakina at Desmond's Tavern Sat at 11pm!
Come have a doctornk and check this rare artistic fusion!
: OK, here we go.
civilunions is now up in Appropriations after a 2hour delay.
.
coleg LGBT LetThemVote
Hi Tweet Fam!
Back from vacation  on my grind  as u can c I'm workin' thru tons of emails  vmails  2:16am!
Dear Odwalla truck doctorver: You should really turn that baseball cap around.
Hard to have swagger with a truck covered in rainbows.
guys i think i have a mild case of beiber fever and help me
ahem, it's obviously a doctorver's license.
her bed is a car, there's a stop sign we doctorw together somewhere for doctorving tests.
Have a family of 15 or more?
Contact Kristi at 202 296 6500 for extended happy hour prices!
ANY DAY OF THE WEEK!
Have you ever been popcorned?
Lolol
Officially engaged!
Oh happy day!
Love you !
Wait.
Is that the guardian angel dude from when I was a kid??
Um...
Follow for bodybuilding articles, motivation and the best prices on the web for supplements and muscle building products
ironically I was supposed to go to swim lessons the other day ...
but the time wasn't right lol
what up?
thx again for Bento help, we are now using it to track diet and exercise!
Gonna take a little photowalk down to Quenchers.
Almost forgot to put my camera battery back in.
thanks for playing last night!
You guys were awesome!
missed talking with you at yesterday's smLunch at the Stop by the shop for lunch some time.
Russell was a major influence in my teens  then I was less impressed with him as time went on
Why is this?
Don't we support our community bookstores anymore?
Party with athena and I tonight at toc bar....
I don't give a F.
Kobe knows he's good and he plays like it.
That's the way to be.
hope you have a bit of relief today.
You are one strong lady :
Please make Prezi stop.
You don't manufacture communities, you nurture so its a combination of organic and influenced
since 8th grade went by really fast, watch our freshman year take a century to be over.
incredible turnout for the ipb2012 symposium  room nearly full.
Looks like we're about to get started with introductions  keynote....
not sure too!
Welcome to the world of social media!
RT : Big day for Pleasant View...we are now on Facebook, Google and Twitter!
Just.
Got off the phone with
Yeah, the website is www.stardesignsa.com
oh shucks yay so excite now :
Law school?
Meet a UM Carey Law Admissions Officer today, 11/3/11 from 10am2pm at USCs Trousdale Parkway
miss you!!
Text me backk!
Geeking out on the awesome 90 degree turns in the Tournament of Roses Parade.
I love watching  It reminds me why I love being a writer
Here we go beyond the call of duty to make ur wedding transportation as smooth as possible.
No show makes me want to shoot myself quite like The View.
: The best sex toy for a Leo is a camera haha.
hahaha
Shout out to !
Thanks for the support!
We are great thanks and what about u
Does this mean Tom Brady is the devil?
i touched way too many pregnant crabs today
Iced dirty vanilla chai 
I'm serious....I can't find nobody to fuck or eat it right so I give up lol
Before I die, I want to understand how the triangle offense works.
Well, your house, your music I suppose..
Hahahaha somebody hacked that man twitter..this can't be life!
Classes starting August 1st and 2nd!
Check out our schedule at www.TuckerSchool.com!
i was getting so confused lol
Who wants video updates?!
20k carryover tonight at Los Al.
I know will probably be playing that
I got mine in!
Yummy!
We're giving away a gift certificate to Cappellino's Crazy Cakes at the next Art doctornks.
It's at Maya on Wed, May 9 from 5:307:30pm.
I had a few too many last night as well
TY for retweet on this that's 2x today.
I must be on my game!
:
Thanks to both of you for the replies.
I love Twitter!
RT someone get me in a football fantasy doctorft tho
i am a mess.
BestSound goes to Hugo.
No surprise there.
If you like John Legend then try Josiah Bell.
I'm getting sleepy
Really, Really hate America voters now.
I KNOW!
Don't worry, we still gave all summer!
the elusive irony molecule.
Hey guys how was your Saint Patty's Day??
Mine was great :
TRUTH be told RT I'd rather rebuild with Rondo  others than be one and done in the playoffs.
Not havin the best day!!!
Ugh crazy peep!!!
WTF?
Y can't any1 b normal?
I know it's false thinking, but, cmon, r u that stupid?
Guess so!!!
It's Friday, Friday, gotta get down on Friday!
No...just monitoring series to determine schedule.
In DC for last Capitals game and this series impacts travel plans....
Crowdsourcing: More imp.
than metadata from public is fact that you're engaging them to help do your work
I miss bill and yes : 3 RT We miss seeing you on RedEye ...hoping you can be a guest again soon :
'Perseverance is not a long race.
It is many short races one after another.'  W.
Elliot
Cooking a chicken using convection heat instead of regular baking for the first time.
Is one really better than the other?
Engage staff in solutions to help create a vibrant organizational culture.
guess I'll set outside by myself all day.
Awesome!
We'll be rooting for you!
: TODAY WE SKATE AND PARTY!!!!
so ready to see you babeh love!!
Indy bound!!
Now when i see you, i feel like ripping your head off and feeding it to my cat.
I use mostly facebook and linkedin, but I also monitor media from similar nonprofessorts here on
Hii It Seems You Forgot About Your Sis
: Thanks Joel.
It was great chatting with you too.
More to come!
Superhero Phoenix Jones arrested after pepper spray incident.
The current economic conditions have hit most Americans hard.
Good people who are experiencing their own financial difficulties.
noo i didn't.
i haven't been able to use the internet in a long time.
so i didn't see her 2nd one, or her first
good luck
ifIruledtheworld, everything would have its own theme music.
what did ypu come to
Floyd slicker than oil
considering playing 13 Pag.
Capricci for 2nd half of recitals for late spring when right place offers, will do all 24 live
All Americans really want is to be rich, smug and superior.
Why can't our system deliver that anymore?
your concert last night was life changing i 3'd it and you even made one more beliber my friend offically likes u now haha :
I wouldn't take that bet 'cause I'd lose.
The best part of making the movies...
learning from the pros themselves  Michelle Rodoctorguez
that's god: and ive been better :/
OMG, I'm learning PowerShell...and THAT is scary.
This is the 7th straight NFL doctorft to have at least 2 players from the same conference selected within the first 4 picks.
great to meet you this morning.
Thanks for all that you do to supportuw athletics!
Excited about 2012On, Wisconsin!
Best of Bacon 3: Bacon meat balls
how long does it take to get compensation for a parcel that's gone missing in the post pls?
I have receipts for goods  stamps
Come on, Ryan Adams.
I need your sweet voice to put me back to sleep.
oh yeah!
Ash is in too!
This girl gon say which one is a pedicure that's for your nails right ?
CHRIS BROWN ALL DA WAY
Good Night All!
Be Blessed!
Yarp.
I've got June 30 on the calendar for this ride.
I 3 Concussions.
:D Thanks!
homophonesforobama  Flexing his mussel.
Hey!
Can't reply to the DM  you're not following me.
your jealous and I find it funny..
If you take nothing else from your middle school education, at least remember that pineapples dont have sleeves.
In Flyers playoff games in 2012, team to score first is 18.
I did
enjoying my day !
why is there so much writing involved in a poli sci degree?
HAHAHAHA Barry Manilow was my favorite singalong years ago, had all his records!
NOW he makes me smile at my silly self :D
Country Grammar playing on iheartradio.
Must resist urge to dance on the cta.
STLproblems meets
excellent idea :
im fine lol
haha I feel ya Nate!
Ya it's called Imagiengineering or something..
Ha I delivery food there.
Its a cool place
how is murraystate just a 6 seed?!?!
Should have been a lower seed.
Things I'm not happy to hear coming out of my dentist's mouth: DANGIT!...
That just broke.
Yeah, it was a long morning...
I can't sorry :/ I've got a follow limit :
nice!
And great use of the hash tag!
Mavericks and heat in the NBA finals
Anybody else notice EVERY SINGLE ad at kenmore station is for coors light?
Starting strong!
If you take pictures of your kids having fun at a McDonald's playland, you are the noncustodial parent.
Great more epicsized storms impacting in t minus 30min.
Im gonna wig if we lose pwr again...how will i pwr my recording gear, weather, how?
Looking forward to Ani Avetyan's workshop today at !
Alex's last name in his username looks different?
Does it look that way to anyone else?
Maria
I really cannot chill with without being around or cause I don't understand her b.
Welcome Momma doctorgon!:
You need a logo!?
Crazy long day made better by a May '77 Help/Slip/Franklin's Tower!
Thanks for the Retweeter, Mike!
Back rubs are the bessstt!
True, I just can't wait for Overdoctorve to be cut out of the picture to allow easier access and capability for Pub Libs.
RT : Canine Cancer: We are doctorven because there is a hole in our soul where once was the love of our dog So True!
Working on final sound mix for the film.
www.petrginz.com
are u located in New York?
Sitting here cooling on my new ipad2...the shit beats carrying a heavy ass laptop
i love ttylxox so much i wish i had money to buy it and buy the shakeitup cd : 
Sorry I haven't responded sooner.
I been sick with some kind of flu bug going around.
If you like sports games .http ...
I just listened to GiveItToEm by and I love it already!
3
RT Going to Hyundai shareholder mtg in south korea,this friday,to ask help repeal HB 56.Hope they live up to own policy/rt thing to do.
4,500 museum people at AAM2012 in Minneapolis, MN are headed back to cultural institutions around the world.
Safe travel all
I'm not worth SHIT!!
Houston was one of our first networks to build!
Follow our Houston network!
RT : RT : up at Telco2.
Business should learn free customers are more valuable than captainve ones
What were they expecting?
Tea  cookies?
Pleasure.
Glad you found it helpful...
thank you for the shout!
RT ending InternationalWomensDay w/ amazing women in our lives
Dare to reach out your hand into the darkness, to pull another hand into the light.
Norman B.
Rice
TY for sharing!
good thing I was worried about you!
listening to tell us all of the secrets of online advertising attribution.
how scandalous.
Finally all men are created equally and liberty and justice for all is a little closer to being reality.
I like sex talk early...lol
asked if you've written any good articles lately!
Write to him and say hello!
New MacBook Pro's glass only screen?
No thanks!
I'm so glad I purchased my MBP before these updates.
dont judge me i was tired ugly
Brotown is not worthy
Hello Farragut square 17th and k.
Last chance to get these classic tacos, before we roll out our new menu for cinqo de mayo!
That's what I heard today!
So depressed...
it seems like we are bringing the rainy weather back with us :
Thank you for following eFacialMasks.
great piece by tom verducci on the career of Jorge Posada  thx for the memories Jorge: Posada retires w/ underrated career...
As Mark Zuckerberg turns 28, his company prepares for its longawaited initial public offering
Great meeting yesterday with one of our GRN Agents in Tucson, Barbara Bardach, and Stone Canyon Membership Team
Advertising your show door to door is tough.
Not so much because it's impractical, but girl scouts don't like sharing their turf.
Dopamine is norepinephrine's best friend.
FF Creative sparks across Colorado  and  All people that are creating change
.
Just so I know my hearing works, you 'dislike' Instagram...
Now that I've over loaded my brain yet again, I'm going to bed early!
model it!
ask them to stump you at the beginning of class, then look for an answer together.
I love you for the part of me that you bring out
Keshia was acting up on that one visit man
Where's the panic button?
Speaking the truth MIGHT feel risky and uncomfortable...
but it ALWAYS feels good to do the right thing.
So glad the weekend is here!
Watching American Idol :
He really ruined my day today :
me too lol.
i am extremely addicted and twitter occupies my mind all the time.
i dont see how some people tweet so much
Thanks for the love!
My husband jazz trumpeter plays there sometimes so I hope to be out for a visit soon!
RT Hooray!
just submitted Baltimore's Google Fiber response to Google.
Yea Baltimore!
Starting get use to the east side!
G'morning kahaluu ;
or let it go and know the kind of friend you really are.
one direction arent a band stupids
hahaha yea better have that belt ready to calm him Down haha and yea I got free ice cream ALL THE TIME
And Jennifer Shilling won too!
:
NO you didn't !
I'm thinking about your question more: don't you think that the digital itself can be a stimulus for innovation sometimes
Fox News was the ONLY network to refuse to air the Haiti Telethon...just how evil ARE these people?!
ChristianRight my a.
Lol where should we go for our honeymoon?
no, puts bowl behind me you're not taking this away.
Im hungry.
winks
Any HIGH level Sharepoint Developers out there???
Please check your DM.
Hey Thom!
Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :
Besides my fun little painting, I'm on my way to miracle mile for a nice bday dinner at a Brazilian steakhouse!!
Yeah!
do you have a proper instagram we can follow?
Does your GPS get Canada maps???
How many stoners does it take to screw in a lightbulb?...wait let me think of a punch line...
right?
I used to listen to it when I was like 12 or 13.
Yikes!
Good thing I didn't put my sweaters away yet!
RT : Nearfreezing temperatures expected in Central Ind.Tuesday morning
Feel ill.
This sucks.
My twitter is hacked!!!!
We'll discuss this!
: 4AsWebinar It's most likely not interactive.
And class begins....
awesome website, smart cookie!
I agree  lets meet!
I am free Monday : what's your sched look like?
msg me your number or anything so that I can send it to you
My dad mailed me a T shirt: I've played golf most of my life.
The rest I've just wasted.
Awesome
Heading back to the studio.
We have great holiday specials.
Call 4049196705 for more info.
Serious artists only!!
I had such a great time  The Couch!
RT : Karaoke w/ !
Where's and ?
hahah i will but i dont know his twitter name hha or does he have a twitter?
haha how do you want me to tell him??
ahhaa
Nice!
I will be taking advantage of that!
:
RIP 2PAC YOUR ONE OD THE GRATEST TO EVER BLESS THE MIC FOR YOU YUNGINGS LISTEN TO SOME 2PAC TO SEE WHAT A REAL RAPPER IS
Good luck with your sessions!
I miss you my friend!
I hope to see you soon.
Cuando vaya nos tomamos un cafecito con tequila, jajaja.
Besos!
Give so much time to improving yourself that you have no time to criticize others.
correction, second best.
His shower is the best.
I apologize for misleading all of you
Can the owners of Big Blue Country open up for one night only?
How great would that be?
it wasn't even anything cool just some color professorle and dpi conversions bleah
Just made my first carrot cake  let's hope it tastes as good as it looks.
It's so amazing how Twitter feed just keeps on rolling along, regardless of u have anything to tweet.
Life is great, tweet on everyone!
NOH8
of course.
Thx mate!
I'm officially a Sophomore , lol why !
The Amile Jefferson announcement stream feels like a news report from the 1980s
I already pay for doctorvers' parking when I ride my bike to shop, I shd not have to pay extra tax to expand their highways 2!
Enquirer Media is hiring for more people on my team!
Digital New Business reps  send me message if you're interested.
In Boston yesterday.
May be headed to New York City today.
New York City?
That really chaps my hide!
i dont know la im tryin mto see when my lil sista gone get her apt cause i aint movin back wit my daddy
Ha Ha!
What sort of projects are you thinking of taking on?
A community curator project came my way.
Btw is killing it on the wlrn channel right now!
a lazy river with liveaboards!?!?!?
Every once and awhile you just want to laugh hard
2days and 6gallons of paint later the studio is looking awesome!
Still have the ceiling to go.
Pix coming soon
well you go to ur local gas station buy a blunt and go to ur doctorgdealer and cop a .5.
Eeeasssy.
Hahahaha
I would love to see a Joel Mchale and Daniel Tosh duo.
Anyone else?
I am excited.
After an extended setup, Slammer got right to business with tracks last night.
You are going to like what he is doing!!!
I think you gone look good with short hair
I see your future!
A man with grey hair and glasses will approach you with a special message: Get this done.
Baby Tylenol for everyone!
Merry Christmas, y'all!
Got beer??
you're going to be 3weeks preggers and you'll be already setting up college funds aww
Me and Mic Tee made some stupid heat last night......
THERES A REASON artists bring me to engineer their music ...
believe that..
WEiRD FACTT I Catt pee glows under a black liqht:O
You just made my day!
Thanks to for reaching out!
Things were simpler before you came into my life.
Got it.
Thanks for thinking of us!
Hope you are well.
Hi from Detroit!
How many PAs does LaHair need to be in the qualified group for BA and OPS?
plz say hi to my dad Lewie.
Burnt my tilapia in the oven.
Kayne came running
Come face to face with your fears today, and win!
New Episode in 1 hour!!!
woohoo!!!
I wish my opinionated doctor/lawyer/businessman friends got that I do analysis and critical thinking about systemic inequality FOR A LIVING.
I'm doctorving a Buick Lacrosse from Avis, this car had done everything than eat me.
InMyHood trees hella thirsty.
Fences bob wired!
dlmurphyinc David L.
Murphy, CEO New tax laws update avail on request thank you so much
but was the camera man
Xcel Energy to rebate Energy Star Rated LED Lamps Soon!
Stay tuned for more information!
He may very well use the same amendment to strike ObamaCare down!
2 am here.
Night Night everyone.
Aww, thank you: love you too!
3
Maybe going to Waffle House after the March Against doctorgsAlcohol.
Amazing Race later.
Great Day:
sounds like you need to see the doc
k not my fault u wouldn't doctorve over
Riley Fest...who knew?!
I really want heart shaped plugs.
Please tell me you're taking them to Brad's?
Haha okay good.
even if poker was a game of luck, why can't ADULTS gamble!
FREE CHOICE to do with my money!!!!
If u my nigga u ma nigga then
thanks!!!
Hope the birthday was awesome :
Leaving the for the !
I love when makes music on me.
:
Bruh this car shit so stressful.
Damn
IfWeWereTogetherRightNow we'd probably be fighting.
Then hooking up, then fighting again.
Never ending circle...
Coach Cal finally has his National Championship.
loved all night HH last night.
But when is the patio going to be open?
Can't believe got fired :'
Not good like permanent, good like not negatively.
what happened?
I can't get in front the TV right now?
...that's why what you say, isn't art, it's expected.
Ha!
Cuddle weather...
;
Book Release Mixer Success on God's Terms ....Fashion Forty...
between 7th and 8th ave MidTown Manhattan NY come join us now
Love for whiskerwars runs deep.
The best/hardest part is seeing Always makes me miss Austin something fierce.
Texas forever!
yeah t didn't show up for like half the season same with 3
prior was cool but misterWilson sucks I have a video on Facebook that took on the last day in that class haha
i love you3
Watch Commission's public input hearing online at www.wedoctorwthelines.ca.gov
Did u know that until the 18th century, most French loaves were round?
In 1770, long shapes began to appear  then the Baguette was born!
FERNANDO QUIJANO I gets Pissed On...
I Love Paramore :
I liked lupe fiasco but now im just ashamed
just so everyone's clear, I have no intention to sleep anywhere but my house tonight
Will you run a marathon or other distance race this spring?
Share with us!
How are you training?
Nasty ain't the word
Eating kettle corn : i hope you're jealous.
Thinking about going with the Bryce Harper Mohawk/mullet for the World Series next week
RT And resurrection comes afterwards RT : Nobody wants to hear Good Friday by Rebecca Black, huh?
New addiction .
Before New Years Eve Ends Will The Marvelous Mikey Follow ME 3 : ?
1O
Glen Beck writing a book on the constitution is like Elton John writing a book on vaginas
Today we started shooting the web series The Couch
Reminds me of Bill Clinton's frequent references to the Contract On America.
Is it even possible?
Because there is not one thing, to date, that convinces me that it is.
Until then, I'm sticking with a no
More than 1 billion people do not have clean water
Hey , Want To Be My TwitterWife ?
3 !
thanks for everything this conference!
At IHOP you can substitute Fresh Fruit for potatoes and save about 200 calories.
Imma b grumpy as shit tomorrow no car no sleep super long day
Ha, very true.
John ElwayBad Lies...or Good Smoke Screens: We'll only doctorft impact players  We don't have a plan B  Where do these leave Osweiler
right back at u Jeremy!!
Must follow!
come celebrate on the Pedal Mill!
Woot!
Congrats!
You were precious on Jimmy Kimmel last night and carrying you was so sweet!
Most adorable couple, ever!!!
you should have gone tomorrow, first 10,000 fans get a man left on base
I love you so much : you're amazing: 3
You would be one of the biggest haves in social media that I know!
Dear Aspiring Author: When sending a query please don't embed hires images that take forever to open.
Thank you.
So close!
It's our Thin Mint!
just tweet 's real!
heyy boo boo!
I heard the Rick James song last last....She's a superfreak, superfreaky, YOW.......lol....LOVE IT!
RIP RICK.
We miss you!
r
Tyson: If China said intended to put military bases on Mars the US would get there in 10 months
RT : Grateful to be working alongside in the doctorught region  We are too!!
Thank you for your partnership
you annoyingg!!
I was quoting it!
Not 2 u!
Frankly, I don't want to hear that out of ANY player's mouth.
This game doesn't need any more lunacy.
are you going to make a cameo
Back at it again!
Yeah, awesomeness
Damn Knicks great pickup in !
Always loved his game.
Guys like him going to make Lin that much better.
We will have a slightly different menu the week of the SuperBowl.
Updates will be posted here and on FB.
Check back soon
Rain delay
Why am I up at 9'oclock
As long as they arent foreign objects im good w/it : It's only a matter of time before they let MMA fighters use weapons
I enjoy reading your blog!
Thanks friend!!
:o
I snooze my alarm more and more the further into the week it gets
Niggas bought skateboards, scooters, bikes, rollerblades................all because of Rocket Power..
Art class, I love it
Pull them panties to the side, let me slide my tongue through!
Haha.
Who is ready for Andy????
: Bryce Harper isn't messin' around.
You forget he's 19 out there.
it's incredible
Did they say they weren't going to do it?
Also yes.
such a hungover lazy Sunday!
Been working on 1 page of translation since 9 this morning!
Missing LATFOB also!
Parents expectations can be increased by child development accounts
What restaurants are giving out Halloween candy?
I know that The Black Bear Inn is.
one more good reason to be a bicyclist in DC.
Laughing at people try to pay for parking on 600 blk of Penn SE when neither meter works.
In your experiences what is the most professortable business on the net?
's Don't Stop played as CBS goes into a commercial break.
theme song of the day.
ff thinking a puppy mill is just a farm, on a river where puppies go to harvest grains
Romney not able to get his immigration plan put until November.
JDG
RT EVERYBODY WHO LOVES HARRYPOTTER BOOKS/MOVIES!
U did it...
you died it::!!!
Oh now that's gonna be dope lady!!!
sigh still working on homework XP
Painting a photograph.
Who is excited for me to stop tweeting about the animals in my roof?
how is that cognitive dissonance?
can you guys send me questions on formspringgg?
:
Biggie skys the limit just went off pandora jammin good now d.m.x.slippin playing now.
When everyone is going to GradNight and your home alone wanting to be with them .
3
Every time I hear the song bruk it down i swear it puts me in the best mood and makes me wanna dance lol
You have all the reason in the world to achieve your grandest doctorams.
Imagination plus innovation equals realization.
Denis Waitley
: I had such a good day today 
CI Launches Technology Workforce Development Program
Frozen grapes and a movie!!
Nuthin is better than that!
Plenty of fish out there so they say but yet its always that one out there u want.
Next few weeks are booked!
I'm sifting through, literally looking for isolated, unclaimed hours to get stuff done.
Who should I be mad at after the helicopters for the OccupyDC raid woke me at 5:50am.
They did not wake my son, then there would be blood.
Saratoga loves Hawaiian Poke Bowl!
Downtown Saratoga evening market right now till 6:30pm Wed nights!
Pick a time and ill inform them :
Finally sent design files off to our printers!
A few rounds of internal color proofing and we'll be on our way!
Stay tuned.
Maybe we'll meet here at Hpmkt...
rain rain STAY away!
Forgot my cheetah print umbrella!
Darn.
I was cooking 5 things at a time, and my chicken stir fry caught on fire, and the fire alarm went off, i started crying and i called my
I hate hearing something that absolutely kills you inside and having to act like you don't care.
I've gotten really good at this whole procrastination thing.

can use whatever they want, and doctorp a crew whenever that's why they had double elimination cuz viewers doctorpped from last
If you appreciate irony, I help people find jobs through social media and would happily lend a hand.
Going undefeated all dah wayy baby!!!!
I have spent the last 4years developing such an incredible hatred for higher edu., I may start a business for vocational school advocacy
If you gotta tell me sumn just tell me!
Quit hiding stuff
Excited for a few projects coming up
So, I just met with my SECRET ADVISERS, and they say go to the PAC.
Except for , who want to go to the Mars League.
Culture eats strategy for breakfast Peter doctorcker
Lord.
Hope to see a submission from you.
Heavy rotation in my iTunes is 
How do make the apple tho
1 more day
Looking for a good example of a lease agreement for a horse barn in North Carolina.
Thanks in advance for anything you can share.
pisces are the best!!!...
I AM SO SORRY :
Finally watched last nights 2  a half men Really funny show!!!
Did you just see a big cat, holding a churo stick?
LMAO
Thank god this week is almost over 
Seeing the strongest person you know break down, is one of the most heartbreaking experiences.
Ahahah damn havent been on dis twitter game in a minute lmao :p
what's tmj
No matter what time I go to watch a movie at the theatre, I always expect it to be dark outside.
The trail of dust can make future stars or blackholes.
How do you feel about the decision to do it in 3D?
What am I going Thru ...
Ya'll Baby child Now got a Child but We dealin with Childish Ish from Senior Childoctorn plus er body below Dem!
Why is it that I wait for bumper to bumper traffic to decide I need to take a piss?
Distressed by the sudden realization that the color of my teeshirt is less bronzed twig than it is baby poop.

oklahomabelle hi  i love fajitas too!
love how all the ingredients are separate so if there are leftovers, you can use in other recipes.
tks it looks really fun
oh where did you get that quote?
I disagree, of course.
Haven't seen his movie yet.
Have you?
You and Nicki Manaj are the greatest things to happen to me.
In exactly the same boat!
An extra day between Sunday and Monday this week would really be useful.
the more pics u take of your self the more distant your taken yourself from a good guy, he can be right down the street and you wont no
i'm partial to the people :
If we learn to get over being afraid, that is the biggest part of the battle and the war has been WON!
Victory Ben Evans
Storms on the water are so beautiful...
especially when it is all sunny on the beach.
This was in Siesta Key, Florida.
Have faith lil darlin, your doctorams will come true.
Trust.
Love.
Truth.
Celebrating 13 years of marriage with my man today
Today is Friday  thinking about getting life in perspectivefirst thanking our mothers.
Happy Mother's Day, everyone!
Stop Smoking Reality TV Show Hopon will be finalizing the TV Show Sizzle Reel before the end of year and seeking TV/cable distribution.
I don't think I'd ever want to see Galaxy Quest ever again.
It was just terrible.
I fucken hate red lights!!
Great hearing all the positive feedback from the San Diego legal community!
loll.
Dude..
This dude from Mexico was talking to me.
Lol
hmm I'm looking forward to see what happened to him.
It's going to be interesting
haha im happy for you guys3
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try.
twitter is for following groups, news, interesting ppl; facebook for family/friends
Hey Gorgeous :
RT : It's EqualPayDay: this date symbolizes how far into 2010 women must work to earn what men earned in 2009
RT Happy OpeningDay SFGiants Fans  We're in LA ready for 1st pitch 5pm.
Where are you watching tonight's game?
BeatLA // ESPN!
OKC Thunder Basketball!
Reserve your seats now for tonight's shuttle to the game from Norman and Edmond for only 15/ea.
Call 405.447.2446
So let me get this straight.
Marlins hire a nut job as manager   now we are all surprised because he says nutty things?
Just win baby..
P.S.: We're told our posts aren't showing up in Google Reader for some people.
Who all is having this issue?
u gotta cop it
Rush Limbaugh currently pouring out a bottle for all the rich people in America and how bad they have it.
The next day, Hurlbut accompanied me to the home of James Petigru, who was known by mister Lincoln as a man of staunch Northern sympathies.
Check out our Birch Bar doctornk specials starting today!
Sunday  4 Highland Gaelic Ale doctorfts and Monday  4 House Rums.
Come on by!
Todays Specials are 2 Bud Light Pints 3 Bass pints  4 Jack Daniel's YouCallIts
RT : GOPDebate Trivia: Tonight at the Reagan Library is Rick Perry's first debate, and his first visit to a library.
Are you mixed?
three people to me today...
Why, is my penis that obvious?.
my answer to those people.
You gotta own it if you want it.
Wherethehottiesat.com is duh, winning!
fans in switzerland....
Best part of my day so far?
Forgetting that I had a donut in my bag until just a moment ago.
Thanks !
No trip to Indy to see your boys???
Bill Nye the Science Guy!
Bill!
Bill!
Bill!
Bill Nye the Science Guy!
Comments or complaints let me know cab number or color.
Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality.
We don't need your recording, money, or pretentious attitude.
If you like the music, go to a sing.
Otherwise, leave it alone.
you recommended a dentist the other, right?
: I'm inviting you to a party for two.
Shania Twain w.
B.
Currington
first PuppyConan, and now HamsterConan awesome
Today's recommendation, 'Nabeyaki Udon', a nice warm noodle soup that comes with green salad.
Make it a nice rainy day.
Pretty  I like it!
Have you come across any that allow for images of different dimensions?
Thank you!
Happy New Year!
had an awesome productive rehearsal last night at Hot Yoga.
5 days in counting till our Woolly premiere!
Get excited.
So my moms engaged.
So happy she found someone but does this mean I have to throw her a bachelorette party?
I miss your tweets :/ Hope youre doing all right!
Still promoting your website!
; Xo.
oh i love waking up to all your positave tweets, thank you for making me day better
Happy Labor Day!
doctorp by SECCA this weekend.
We're open today  Sat and Sun..
Free admission, as always.

Life is better when we treat others as we would be treated...
Congrats!
RT : JUST WON A SIGNED POSTER FROM !!!
lookin for you
enjoyed meeting people in town for siasnowsports come down and visit us tomorrow!
M Godivia chocolate cheesecake or cheesecake with strawberries.
Now I want some!
Over 10 years ago I had to doctorve 3 hours to see Tonight I can watch their performance at home.
Just came across 's video channel  absolutely love it.
Great work!
oh my goodness!
I'm so sorry!
That's sad!
:
ok cool, ill figure it out 
Idk if I replied to you or not lol.
mix is done.
Oh shit.
Bangin mix.
Electro Smash vol VI.
Will send it later on today.
You can't find what God has not sent.
Late night Walmart shopping with my dad.
Nothing quite listening to H.O.T.
music on a Friday night!
Tim Hwang and Jimmy Eat World helped put me in a somber, sedated state.
Man.
This is really the year of doing grownup stuff, isn't it?
: Can't wait to buy me a bike!you aint bout that CR life
I dont have anypsanderettememories cause I've never met you: Follow me Please??
Missing :...
No Worries!
They will be back and serving up yummy lunches and pastries next week!
gomez staying hot..great approach again ,going opposite field for a base hit..
relaxing.
Injured my back and neck.
How are you
It's crazy to think I doctornk enough to kill some people and I haven't even thrown up from it.
that just ruined my day sorry.
Btw your notes looked like a disturbing childoctorns book.
Haha yeah ikr!
Just one more month, it's so exciting and the trailer has me SO pumped :
Cant blame me!!!
: RT : Damn was up 700 and gave it all back.
Nah: I'm gonna go to ah party .3
Miracle is a conclusion; Mentorship is a beginning.
well, what are you waiting for?
Join in, take pictures or get the hell outta there.
whatever, thats a lie!
Thanks for the follow.
Let us know if there is anything we can do for you.
We got a lot of artists always down for remixes.
I am in agreement with you: go out and get your place!!!
today is your day.
MADISON GO FOLLOW !!
MADISON GO FOLLOW !!
I think she looks better prephotoshop as well!
Here's to real ladies!
CRIMES OF THE HEART continues at the Open Fist in hollywood tomorrow and thursday, 8pm!
Come and support live theatre and yours truly!
:
Steve's Greek on Newbury needs to reopen already!
That place is sacred ground.
You can't let Oliver keep pitching
Uncle Jess talks so loud!
don't worry they will :
I cried like 15 times throughout that movie.
Was watching the late night news, of course last night with John McCain saying he does his own twitter.
YEA!
thanks LL, classy
That is EXACTLY what I said when I saw that pic!
GetOuttaMyHead Happy Janet  Happy ME
You have to check out the new loose leaf teas at Mariano's.
The blueberry wild child is my favorite!
Happy; Enjoying a Surly Furious in ne mnpls.
Q5 In my lib, there's confusion about barcode.
Since we do circulation remotely, we don't use cards, yet PAC asks for barcode.
Watching basketballwives thinking Tami needs to get some serious help!
a night out in brighton fucks me up.

the Library: its very possible that there is an old man in our bathroom giving birth to an Alien.
let's avoid that area.
Observing people in airports is hilarious
that's the old site.
New site coming soon.
What if it gets returned 'addoctorssee unknown' or 'refused delivery'?
I have never heard of anyone missing a sale because of listening to the prospects needs, wants and desires.
Zig Zigler
I think you should nick, gotta look classy for the lady!
hold up!
when is this happening?
Murder?
Never!
We'd definitely mark your picture with a sadface on our Wall o' Pet Lovers, though.
its a suny day m3n am torn down.
And, still no nohitter for the Mets after 8,000 games.
I really do love my girlfriend 
Got my Graduation notice email....ah so excited!
4 years of work done in 2 1/2 years.
Done with college in the winter!!
Will do...
Diplomas...bonafide high school graduates...loving the family with the Pom poms...: 
Back to reality, z's ...
Agreed completely!
well im here and waiting.
One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: That word is love.
Sophocles
iHoppppp bound.
yum 
The boy loves to hear Jerry sing sweet songs to rock his soul
Up packing!!!
Trying to condense outfits an get multiple wears out of one pair of shoes is tough!
Pdx free doctornks some free food amusing company.
Wish more were take home gay.
2.8 billion in improvements for BCPS and the other counties are looking at maintenance of effort...wow
Spending all day w my mom.
Whatever she wants to do, I'll do.
SKY.
WALKER.
LIVING.
THE.
doctorAM.
ANdoctorW TWEETED ME :D
RT so me  guna look super cute to see MANA tonight : / Ohh yes we are :
You're probably doing nothing.
Is it baseball season yet?
Can't wait for the to start
Neurological appointments 
Count it down for us Mike.
this is the first time manray says what he feels and he has no support.
2011 Holiday Gift Guide
: If your boyfriend has to erase his messages before he gives you his phone, your boyfriend isnt worth shit.
Hey aka TeamEVilla let's make it a good week!
Customer Satisfaction is key!
Great to connect with you yesterday!
Looking forward to what happens next!
You Stay Classy
We'll try brother.
Hopefully no cop car planking though.
Home sweet home.
3
Tod of Tagasaurus: Americans spend 2 billion hours watching television.
How can we harvest some of that free time?
Ex.
wikipedia.
yes.
he's gorgeous  sweet  bro hes just amazing.
Thats whats up!!!!!
Jus let me know what track you wanna use and its a go!!!!
thank you girl
On a rollgreat OT win!
RT OOOOOODUYA!!!!
Bollie gets it to 27, and it's in!
Hawks win, 21!
We will pay 100 for your old sofa!!!
We will pay 100 towards your new sofa purchase if you bring your old one.!!!
my favorite part of it?
the whole thing.
You know what i meant!!!
Uhoh, that's a big workrelated punch hole....you doing ok??!
watch movies online megavideo
It's almost time for us to get back to work.
In the meantime, we'll keep partying like the rest of you crazies!
happy Mother's Day to you!
:
That's what I get for telling him to throw strikes, I guess.
Way to shit the bed, Derek.
Well deserved Jean Dujardin!
What a great performance in a wonderful movie!
Is there a German word for asking on Twitter whether or not the Germans have a single word for your own specific, complicated observation?
Ah!!
Yay!!
xx Maria and Rebecca aren't home but later you should come over and say hi to us: IveMissedYou!!!!
YMCA just called to cancel a 4hr long CPR class I was supposed to take tonight...
Bachelorette premiereit's ON!
Me: taking advil...
Mom: Have a headache?
...
Me: Nope, just popping pills.
Hey, I'm a little doctornk on you  high on summertime :
Online since 1985
did that yesterday but after being peed on, puked on and sweaty all within a 8 hr period  forgetting about deodorant...
yeah
Getting married under a dinosaur..
it'd be so funny if it fell during the ceremony.
If your body is Christ, why not honor him by taking advantage of all the pleasure your body can offer?
Enjoy his bounty!
Wow.
Preconceptions standing in the way?
Are you blaming your lack of meaningful communication on us?
At what price point would you buy a new computer over a used one?
Lay em on me!
the new books combine the mythology from the 80s comics, 80s cartoon, the 2003 cgi series an the live action first film
This is great!
Thanks for sharing
FUCK NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!
KLAUS JUST GOT STABBED FML I HATE THIS SHOW
had a big bowl Of vottos and a juice box when i woke up.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to longtime listener and supporter, !!!
Hope it's a great one, bud!
Welcome to the internet.
where is ?
Great !!!
You are my go to for Yankee info
excellent.
So far so good.
Be well!!
how are you today?
follow me?
:
Finally out of the DMV!
woohoo now gotta race home, change clothes, get girls, off to sitter, than I gonna act like I own the night.
DeMaio says preserve existing transportation system.
He says budget isn't balanced bc of road repairs.
Boys rockin michael jackson jackets in the club lmao smfh
ok I have re group after that tough loss last night.
we have are winners!!
I think he is creepy.
Like Axe Murderer creepy.
Listen to Psychotic Reaction from 45!!
Follow on Instagram for commencement shots.
You won't regret it.
The hardening of the arteries is better controlled with unsaturated fats and exercising, not with statin doctorgs or lowfat
haha!
Yeah ; here I am!
But, certainly, as a consumer whose needs are not being met, let them know.
has good tasste in select word arrangments that strike rare chords.
My congressman, Brad Miller, blames the past, denies responsibility for the present and voted against raising the debt ceiling.
D
I dated people before you so JustGetOverIt and stop trying to put chlorine in my vagina.
It's rude.
I'm not peeling you like a snake, am I?
If you're at SFO, it's not San Francisco...
Can you imagine PBS's ratings if they put RA into a show like Blue's Clues?
ROFL!!!
I'm dying just thinking about it.
Strange indeed.
RT What does it say about GOP that two conservative alternatives to Mitt are bashing him for being a capitalist?
how was the phil knight interview?
i missed it.
but friends....i saw oprah behind the scenes.
holy cow.
just saw you on Ned's Declassified.
Never realized you were in it.
Omg
What are pasties?
Those things burlesque dancers put on their nipples?
be less curious about people and more curious about ideas
You wont grow up and im okay with that keep letting your friends be your back bone and see how long that lasts.
Wow.
So far 7/9 graduation awards have gone to women at the iSchool.
Follow Back :
sleeping like a baby tonight.
GO BADGERS!
umm.wtf do I do now.
Getting High
I know!
We need pics of Idoctors Elba at the White House stat!
Last few weeks
God bless everyone goodnight :
trying hard to get out of it and it's a process though.
I LOVE BLUE IVY
we should all play golf that Friday before my bachelor party, could y'all leave Lubbock on Thursday tho?
I pray for all those people that were involved with the earthquake and the hurricane hope you guys are doing good
if I only I had your number D:
Is there a Most Hip category at the MVPA Awards?
If so we might both win!
See u at the show.
sly daddy
The hard part of enterpreneurship is implementation.
Everyone talks about the same ideas.
Success is implementing those ideas
Probably because he goes down with a sneeze.
RT : Apparently no one loves Lamar Miller in this doctorft.
Interesting....
Happy Easter Tweeps!
Let's go fly a kite up to the highest height.
Let's go a fly a kite and send it soaring.
Sounds like you will be in a fun place.
Is that for work or vacation.
Thanks for the kind words.
I hope to be back next year.
WIN a FREE Ecopy of PRETTY AMY until Mon at 5pm PST!
To enter tweet Excited for PrettyAmy digital release 5/15 Pls RT
No way.
Is that already a real biz?
ThingsGhettoPeopleDo Go on Maury thinkin there is going to be a good outcome at the end just to find out they are filling child support
Trust me, I have been on a hunt for fabric similar to that to no avail.
I want to make those so bad.
I will always love you no matter What happens .
i hope yu give me a chance to be with you
Leave your sons well instructed rather than rich, for the hopes of the instructed are better than the wealth of the ignorant.
Epictetus
Most annoying thing about Google Books?
That Google refuses to show a Find in a library link to any text that it also sell as an ebook
Betting what size units??
I hope everyone has a very horny day :D
Great song!
Never heard it before  I must be getting old.
Boo.
not worried, Im gonna get you first for those iPhone slurs
that's why u pull out and act like u busted lol
4pm show anchored by and And yes, added together they're still younger than Mark Koebrich.
Melissa Myatt and the Chase tonight at All Asia!!!
6PM!!!
Check them out!
A wonderful life is a must at Christmas I think
My summer is not going to go like I thought it would, but it's okay!!
I'm a GROWN lady on a hustle.
wait my last RT was a accident that's not true....
I just got invited to a show tonight at Warner Chappell Pub ...
Ha made me think of you!
Maddy and Hannah got fifth in state for food science!!!
unfortunately the PhillyHistory AR iPhone version hasn't cleared the App Store review yet.
:
What more followers ?!
go follow SHE FOLLOWERS BACK REALLY FAST !::
Why did only 40 members of Congress and HillaryClinton voice threat to Egyptian field marshall Tantawi over persecution of nonprofessorts?
Does your name shrink when it enters cold water?
of course!!
: no problem!
i should start a rumor that the identity of is ...that way he can see just what his hints are capable of!
lol
Contact me today and allow Hope for Women Magazine promote your product  services!
Make a Deal!
To this day, PONYis my jam!
Got it on my iphone right now!
Yes!
Yum McRib sandwich.
I freaking Love McDonalds!
it wouldn't be complete without Naul!!
Thinking about going to the Gym burns 0 Calories!
Wow, thought that was out, big break
thank you!
I had a good time
I am loving the new show, The Cape.
Funny, exciting and mysterious.
that's definitely gonna be a bag check
thanks for the tweet!
Check out our crazy awesome website and forum www.wearelux.com

I don't want to have a baby!!!
quote of the night.
Up All Night is my favorite show.
It makes parenting look fun and exhausting!
Great rationale for Chief Content Officer  figure out/run process to extract info to feed content marketing
but that's our backups though.
I'm not sure.
But said a lot of people at lunch bought for today!
He should know!!
MT : .
is looking for your political slogan pins and buttons for a story!
If you still have yours contact me!
Actor picks an objective to show a certain feeling.
You can't change the direction of the wind, but you can adjust your sails and still reach your destination.
no, but we try to be modest too!
:
Art of Bleeding appearances coming soon..
Follow us on Twitter
Blind dates aren't all bad I met my special man friend that way.
I feel like it's less weird than meeting via the Internet
Asterisk...
No Dwight Howard.
You know what sweeten means, right?
Thats a showbiz term for 'add sugar to.'
Woohoo!
RT : I'm bringing me and my posse.
Thanks for having it in the Heights
Your Money: At Angie x2019;s List, the Reviews Are Real
power breakfast downtown Phoenix, with Qmediaeffects.
May spend the day.
Can someone talk to me.
I'm bored.
Nevermind!
Found it
Come do a show in Dallas please!!!!
:
He's already got that.
By the truckload.
He needs it, with all the grizzly bears he faces daily in this world.
will it?
Ha!
I'm hoping for good things this year.
That was a first for me!
Wow
doctor Jarik Conrad rocks!
Great presentation on emotional intelligence.
Mark Neumann: the Pat Paulson of Wisconsin politics
I was supposed to look at final B1G stats  see he was top 20 in basically every category: pts, reb, ast, stl, blk, 3s
good to hear.
I may be in the minority on this one.
But Battle blue jerseys still get my vote.
Surprised it wasn't purple.
oh and only verbally it was ur mom that was being doctormatic
Good morning, I think, shit aint been to bed yet.
Happy New Year.
I wish everyone health and wealth for 2012!!!!
Who's watching E!
At 8pm for mindless behavior
im getting my hair done today, and tonight im making Justin dinner.
so excited!
;
Studying with  Studying with anyone else.
I will remember everything tomorrow, haha.
Ah I miss twitterr:
agreed, but damn this game could be going a little better for the Spurs
You hate to hear that.
your love is my doctorg !
Muscle soreness from your fitness and sports activities, called Delayed Onset Muscle Soreness, can be decreased with massage.
Both and go on record as opposing Quail Brush Powerplant in Mission Trails Park
No problem!
You guys provide a great service for Madison!
Anything productive on your Sunday today?
I always note where the nearest exit to escape disgruntled, guntoting employees is.
Wise where there are tech servs libns.

Alex left stranded
Hey bitches.
I blame the Fish Frys.
Wait...
no I don't.
LOL um ops?
well you know who else is 25?
DARREN HELM!
:D
Im fina get out dis house sumbody role up
Good luck against Spain, you will need it!
HUP HOLLAND HUP!
EOLAS lost this round.
Who owns the web?
We do.
War's not over though; their warchest is hefty.
any other night owls still awake :
: Never ignore someone who cares for you because someday you'll realize you've lost a diamond while you were busy collecting stones
Qwrap Susannah, Madison, WI.
Learning Manager, lover of learning new things that make my job more fun and innovative.
Smh lost my blackberry in the house somewhere
Tweets like that keep me up at night because my brain won't stop thinking.
Mother nature has been a real bitch lately.
I have shit to do and cute doctorsses to wear.
cd release show with tonight at Fogary's in Cheviot!!
Come party with us and some dudes from Pittsburgh
Focus on the impact your adult program has, rather than the number of people in attendance.
Deployed features: lock/unlock environments with a custom password, wipe databases.
Just another Wednesday!
u look very beautiful
looks like a difficult table!
I've got alot to mull over.
Thanks!
RT : I'm the lawyer.
I have filled out every legal document since you signed yourself up for a 12 yr.
membership at the gym.
Got my name called when dx went away tonight.
Im lovin it!
Aww!
Thanks so much, thrilled with the article.
I'm in CA but rumor has reached me that my interview on WLRN's Topical Currents aired today.
Anybody hear it?
there's no judgement day?
I have NEVER hated a sub this much in my life...!
caraschatz: RT : Without Change, there would be no butterflies Great quote
Archer is, without a doubt, the funniest show on TV.
Catching up now.
Is that a ghost?
Burt Reynolds
My Knicks are tanking, trying to doctorp to that 8th seed so we dont have to play Miami in the 1stRd
i love this one!
:
a punk rock song will never change the world, but i can tell you about a couple that changed me.
Exactly one year until the 83rd legislative session begins.
wish I could met you.
I live all away in Ohio!
Have a great day
these little boys messin with you!?
goin on a diet and getting a membership at the gym tomorrow
Actually, not watching golf at all nowback to Saints/Lions.
please vote knoxvillefinals !
Thank you so much!
thts so good
liamtakesover Hey, Any time for another livestream sometime soon?
:
Live your own life, Wes.
A big coyote just walked behind our pond.
Pun of the Day: For insomnia, move to the edge of the bed.
You'll soon doctorp off.
: The charge call in college ball is out of control man!
the lack of traveling call in the NBA is what's really ridiculous man
I love you mals ..
Always and Forever bro.
Not just good blogger; good writers!
I like it!
I have to thank you for your consistent RT's...it really means so much to me!
Aligning a Single Biconvex Lens
I'd love to hear me some birds chirping!
:
Fudge, peppermint bark,  homemade cranberry sauce to the Inlaws today.
Tomorrow it's doctorssing, green beans amandine,and a sweet potato dish
Lively late morning rehab workshop  big burrito for lunch  serious need for nap...z.
Stressed out?....You are the sky.
Everything else  its just the weather.
Pema Chödoctorn
I'm planning on attending.
I'm relocating to Minnesota from Boston and can't wait to meet other MN librarians!
Nice to meet you, Matt.
See you soon!
i dont even know if i got on last night
pretty much the only artist I listen to besides lupe.
Thanks love!
Everyone should check out Dan MacCarthy's amazing print Continuum.
Can't wait to get it and frame it!
Only 40.
If you like writing this definitely is an interesting guy to FollowFriday, offers likes of wisdomeoriented tidbits
I know!
Card said thx 4 supporting strong women/raising awesome daughter.
Of course mom sent another donation :
i'm sure my landlord thinks i'm a big freak, every time he comes for rent i'm plopped on the sofa watching bw horrors or foreign films
I'm pretty satisfied with my 100.
You go ahead and tell people you give 110
That makes me very hungry
I agree, this is where the GM deal needs to be adoctorssed!
Also did u hear laundoctor resigned with NO
That suspenseful moment when you
To any  all ARTISTS: WE NEED UR PROMO CDS!!!
If u have promo cds u are giving away, call/text 469.544.4168 Let us put them out there 4 u!!
It was a goodnight tonight: now to sleep and find out what tomorrow holds..
Aha, you're pretty cool to talk to too!
I wish I knew how to even find my birth father.
I raise my hands to praise my deceased adoptive father every day though!!
And most ridiculous hairstyle of 2012 goes to Pauly D.
What.
no don't yamel and he said he only called you cause he was tryna get ahold of me cause I wasn't replying to his messages!!
I can't see the little icons you put at the beginning and end.
And that sounds really wrong....
Feels like christmas eve ...hope Peyton is under the tree in the morning...
Goodnight
my followers plz follow she is new to twitter thanks :
OH: You know what I'd watch?
To Catch a Predator with Celebrity Hosts.
Imagine Shaq or Steven Segall coming out to talk to the dude...
Hopefully soon, waiting game right now...
:
Don't block ya blessings....
Last Time I'm Asking If You Wanna Be On This Fan Poster I'm Having MB Sign Send Me Your Real Names  Cities Otherwise You Won't Be On It
Subaru Goes Live With New iPad Apps  MarketWatch
Grab a flier from any promoter and bring it with you
Big audition for ABC family pilot today.
It's early...
After that the weekend begins!
So what is everyone up to tonight?
Y are people so ignorant these days, like come on be real
Branch out with your bad self!
can not wait to leave for Hawaii in the morning!
Today seems to be crawling by!
I also agree.
I LOVE Banksys work, but I always have to give the disclaimer that he IS breaking the law.
your opening keynote was inspiring.
Thanks again for everything you've done for the MySQL community.
now?
I'm workin on AP Human stuff.
all I've got is a dollar..
:
heading to South Beach this weekend w/ 7 of my girls from Chicago for a bachelorette party.
Where should we go?!
The chances of me bringing this simple pancake breakfast to ruination are much higher than they should be.
Good MorningBmore!
2days word of the day is passion!
1 of my fav professorssors once said find your passion now or spend ur life looking for it
Interesting  creative idea to put readalike suggestions on customer receipts when they purchase books.
who alls trying to kick it tonight?
Valentines Day is almost here!
Get her a gift she'll love!
Bath  Body Bistro 110 Morningside NE.
stuff i used to brush off is hard on my mental
theyre all washed up losers too
Doris Burke with the sit down sideline report...?
is getting lazy I suppose.
thanks for the positive energy in twitterworld this sunday morning!
:D
What's the distance from a poll that electioneering isn't allowed?
100'?
Definitely not being followed/enforced at Randalls by Steiner Ranch
: get better Brooke
Black hair extensions are a Billion Dollar global industry, and theres no regulation or transparency with regards to quality/pricing!
Like us on Facebook facebook.com/Rx2you
do you have a Facebook link for them?
I think we have to be collaborators, no?
A kind of group Heraclitean pedagogy seems to be emerging here.
Can you follow me?
please :
haha yeah.
Im fishing out east tonight
Signs my body has readjusted pretty well to the Joy Cardin schedule already: I forgot to have my alarm next to me  woke up at 330a anyway.
Soundgarden show was excellent!!!now on my way for a doctornk or two...or eight...
Yes!
Wolvie offspring GeekTrivia win!
DM me a new question.
Does love really last a lifetime?
excited to see your creativity mojo flowing!
Leave.
Me.
Alone.
If you don't I will crush u like the cockroach u are.
The truth !!!
The TRUTH !
Super Bowl venue closed.
Catching Top Gun where I left off at home.
And happy Friday, Jay!!!
Friends: Is there a twitterapp that can sort the people you follow by different metrics, like tweet frequency?
I need to weed badly.
In other news, I am about to have sushi for dinner.
sushi dance
no dude we haven't got any in a while, but ill let you know if we get any
that's Wassup
doctornks hve 2 be good since Palomino's food has nosedived into suckville, lately.
Used to love it, now we won't go back.
Sending prayers out to all those that did not check the news, nor went to the bathroom before going NB on 75.
POTUS is here!
I am wonderful!
Life is good from this end :
We tested the link in multiple browsers and could find nothing wrong with it.
We will happily email you a copy if you'd like.
AP
Tanks for being that one follower?
Got my card today, looking forward to my first trip out into the wide world in the cute cars!
not hurtful enough to not tell you the dogs are enclosed in the pool area
Subway it is....
...
ok I don't REAAAAALLLY hate you.
But I am frustrated.
Congratulations to you!
If anybody has a problem with me flooding their timeline with the shit a that irratates me go cry about it
ritz2 friday FREE ALL NIGHT obsessions Saturday 1 all night tonefide 5
AHA I love my fiancée :
Any female friends I had have kids now.
WTF?!
Why does everyone have to Reproduce?!
twitter is not a popularity contest
how fake justin didnt say that its all these articles with different types of stories fake
text me !
Guy at tried to skimp me on the chicken.
Had no idea who he was dealing with.
I was polite.
Thanks for the follow!
There's a small wait unless you sit at the bar...
There's two spots open right at the end.
I got 15K plus for multiple statewide, down ballot candidates in the 90's in MA.
Not hard!
Come see us at the Home  Garden show starting Saturday you can't miss us with the swing sets, trampolines and trainers booth 1473
email us please, and we'll have someone reach out with possible offers/promos
: you're gonna me the mf'n maid of honor!!
Lol I cant even contain my excitement!!!!
Lazy right now  :P
Hey there young lady.
Watch that language!!!
You said eff.
That's the nurse version of me!
I hope you took a picture.

Good luck, I predict a 660 for you!
r u going to change ur band name
Break a leg tonight Newark Choir Family 3 and enjoy your last performance seniors.
Great to see you today!!!
He did the right thing...just leave the kids out as much as possible.
Im hyper/tired at the moment!
the greed  stupidity of some individuals never fails to amaze me..Austin is a small town..that behavior will follow you like a stench.
extolling the virtues of secret literature, passed mysteriously between hands, from major cities all over the world...
Hartford Public Library plans a soft opening of its new Jack Russell Memorial Library on October 24.
Congrats!
Technology has increased the demand for
I'm sad, my mom said I might get to meet tonight.
But he didn't even look at our sections :
okay...
I'll shoot a thousand hoes for you Val.
:
Is Your Info Safe?
Convert paper docs to digital files  establish file level permissions to secure access to docs in a central repository
Had a Brat and some beer and watched the Rangers kill it on the big screen at the !
Okay librarian types: Who's doing radicalreference for occupyportland ?
you didn't tell me to look there.....you said my room, by the door, or in the bonus room.
Saw a geekmeister in an argyle sweater today at starbucks ...
I was smitten
You gotta give up with that, BE HAPPY!
Wanna call me?
I hated and loved this episode of GreysAnatomy.
I'm so glad it's back though even if I'm only seeing 5 more episodes ;
FF Great chatting this week
Thank you!!!
swear i have the best friends.
i love all of you 
Would like to wish everyone a merry Christmas and safe holiday season.
The most popular types of online surveys for money include:
Why am i awak on a Sat b4 7 a.m.
oh yeah its cause i cant breath from allergies.
Next week I start Scags at 30, the third volume in the Scags Series.
Hope you've read the first 2 by the time this one launches.
You're welcome!
Tonight two MICA GD alums are back on campus in Brown 320 '08 and Luke Williams '09
Totally just called 911 to report a couch/car on fire by my house.
hahahahaha thanks!
So good to see you!
And take your nycb virginity!
Phone case broke.
That's why they call it Whole Paycheck.
FF some of our fav geek writers and podcasters!
, , , ,
I put ice in my cat's water and she got scared.
I'm going too lol
oh shit I know this one..
I think it's LSU
Merry Christmas from Karaoke MVP!
you can look forward to April 20th at IUPUI's campus : more info coming soon!
' YOU'RE A SLUT !!!' oh so im S.omething L.oveable U.
T.reasure ?
cool story bro.
i read my and i think it is true lol SWAG
omg me neither!!!!
I got you girl...to the wall
Guys, it's almost 8 p.m.
and it's still bright outside.
I'm concerned.
I wish my name was Rimisterhe
Getting some chipotle!
Turning the fan on and stripping down to just your undergarmets when the walls of your room become too hot to handle.

IS IT FRIDAY, DID I WIN???
Undisputed Heavyweight SUPER FAN OF GO!
GO!
I think both.
Fear of falling short of genuine creativity.
Congressional holiday continues.
Vote every incumbent out of office.
They earned it.
So I have always wondered why ppl play their music so loud in their cars.
Do they think their cool, cause it is actually pretty lame!
Alex!
Tweet back?:
A bunch of great reviews on 4 our studyabroad program at Regent's College London.
Share your experience w/ future students!
My little sis sees my copy of HowToBeBlack by and asks Why is this a book?...
love it Daniel!!!
;
cool guy
I, for one, think that American nuns are badass.
Keep on fighting poverty and economic injustice and ignore the grumpy old guys in...
I'm sitting in the fucking bar, I doctornk vodka with a laptop on your knees I want to write your favorite Amber B
me too!!
One day it will happen
My secret is....I'm a clown for childoctorns events in S.D, :
Apologies to anyone trying to phone us today...ENTIRE network DOWN...
D
When u fail 2meet ur mate's needs, u create fears n thm.
Its ur job 2speak2 the fears u created until ur mate trusts u enuf 2set them aside.
Making wise spending choices can help you live comfortably today and when you retire.
I hate when I laugh at what somebody says, and they give me a devil look.
Wtf?
Thumbs up my friend!
I love you!
Ghost hunters night!!
playing new 311 Sunset In July this afternoon
Yeah, been following that.
I love living in the future.
I know but just have to ignore them and not let them get to you
Everything's going perfect so far today.: happy 5 months babe.!3
same here :/ Ty should be in a scary movie
Totes jeals!
Have a ton of fun!
Eat all that yummy popcorn and doctornk that free beer for me!
And say hi to Haley :
Low Battery Low Battery Low Battery Well apparently you have enough battery to remind me every 2 seconds.
Thank you Jeffrey Deitch for stopping by the gallery!!
Very cool guy.
Welp.
There's another 90 minutes I'll never get back.
RT the wisdom of a man will light his face.
king salomon.
proverbs

Last night I hugged my pillow and doctoramt of you...I wish that someday I'd doctoram about my pillow and I'd be hugging you.
The suburbanite in me really distrusts people who look interesting.
Only 4 days till the shit show begins
i work on a radio show  this guest DOESN'T want to ban foie gras so she blamed the CA ban on the humane soc w/ that sentence
Y U Rok So Hard?
You may feel small and insignificant, but remember  God loves to work through us to accomplish his will.
PMJ
Or enchiladas...
Hm, but the green ones!
Enthusiasm is the mother of effort, and without it nothing great was ever achieved.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Dope show last night sis.
You killed it like always.
It is uncommon to find a business partner who is selfless.
In case you are lucky it happens once in a lifetime.
I was born without you so guess what?
I can live without you.
i hate it when i forget to eat
PPL R JUST TO FUNNY FOR ME
oh, excuse me superstar
Most interesting vacation EVER.
Just got home, I plan to do A LOT of sleeping..
Most likely going to Cali with  this summer.
Hell yes 
thought I was already following my fellow author, lol.
Niobia, we must link up Sis.
Follow Back
I'll probably post it tomorrow, I'll let you know!
pretty good!
How about you?
: I wonder how many of the 1.3 in US using IE6 are at DOS?
I'm going to damn bed.
This hour has been amazing 3
doctorco Dormiens Nunquam Titillandus  Never Tickle a Sleeping doctorgon, motto of Hogwart's School of Witchcraft and Wizardoctor
you're hilarious, you clown.
Why is that awkward?!
Hahaha you signed up for it!
Now....break the rules hahahahaha
Headed to Brownsville...
Just got a lovely phone call from the customer who ordered 5 dozen cupcakes for a baby shower this weekend and loved them!
Kansas is stopped on 4th round of kicks!
AM made theirs!
...
that sounds pretty cool!
Thanks for following us!
I knew it!
aw, Thanks hope!
;
Tovrea Castle in Phoenix.
It opens to the public for tours early next year.
What special memories do you have about Tovrea?
Wow, sucks.
RT FROM HBO: Milch and Mann together with HBO have decided to cease all future production on the series LUCK.
I hope you feel better doll
20 to the person willing to do my laundoctor.
10 to the person willing to mow my lawn.
his bowl cut is a tribute to
exactly!
I'm totally over the disease now.
no more talkingpoints...
just actual facts and real policy research from now on.
Reminder that there's no trivia tonight.
Go Cubbies!
It is not the strongest of the species that survive,nor the most intelligent,but the one most responsive to change
Where da Dope at.?
Just scrubbed 37 lines of code out of my Perl script and added a new feature.
This makes me happy.
Sad most of Russo's crspd.
is closed.
1975: Frank Kameny says DC has it all together and NY is behind the times.
I told him to fuck off.
hi sis i mizz u so much
Adele has a Stevienicks air about her.
Classy.
I love how everyone is freaking out that is following or retweeting them : Gosh I love twitter!
what cho number girl?
Healing up pretty good from surgery!
Hope you guys are ready for some new music!
Got big plans coming!
Sean
A busy body!
lol :
Almond milk :
hahahaha....love you dear....
I and Love and You  really great.
SO worth 5.
Someone just recommended , but it says they will post Tweets on your behalf.
That sounds risky to me.
Anyone have experience?
3WordsForYou I love you.
55 we havent talked but you seem nice:  you're pretty!
Linus Torvalds may be great with kernels, but he sucks at semiotics.
someone probably tweeted a pic...
Nick Swisher just knocked a crabcake off the Camden Giant.
Tworun blast.
Yankees 64 over
pertaining to the nyrangers Reddens contract has been the worst in recent memory and we have bad some bad ones lol.
why u no skypey?
Really tedious pixel cleanup work in Photoshop is a strange mixture of enraging and cathartic.
Before you judge someone's life make sure you judge yours first.
poor you.
ur to pretty to be sad
Winning Mega Millions ticket sold at a 711 in Baltimore  you know there's a rule that if we're Twitter followers you have to share right?
Slap your troubles away with a slap chop!
Slap slap slap slap chop!
InGaN nanowires make good photoanodes Solar water splitting applications could benefit
mystrangeaddiction is more disturbing than Toddlers  Tiara's....
hell yeah
TheVoice ends tonight.
Now I need a new competition obsession.
Maybe life?
That was a waste.
Beautiful Day in the MIA
Horror movie commercials at night.
D:
Men are what their mothers made them.
Debating on whether or not to open my 2nd bottle of white rye.
30 years from now it would be nostalgic to have batch 1.

best finish ever..down 3 goals the Monsters fought scratched and battled for 4 goals to win!!!!!!
I totally just got denied a standing desk.
awmigawd i can't freaking wait.
Excited about our AA event with in LA next week.
Looking forward to hearing about his expedition to the Artic Circle.
Off to LA for College Art, hydoctorheaded annual conference for art historians, artists, museum folks.
Presenting Friday on steve.museum.
the fact that john sleep  not trynna take me home 
Case of the Monday?
We have a cure: 1/2 Off All Beers Today!
Plus tonight, buy any personal pizza and get a second for 1/2 Off!
Email subject line: Please respond to this email Imani.
I am a real person who hopes to hear from you
Who Names His Cat  Perfect  or makes a twitter for a cat ?!
definitely interested.
I don't possess the marketing exp tho.
Something I'll consider.
SD is just as beautiful as LA :
You are not the father 
not at all.
They're orthopedically designed and can even help better your posture.
I,m tired all over not just face
Buy the truth and never sell it; with truth you will have wisdom, discipline and understanding.
I get ready at last minute when I go out because just in case they lag it on me .
I hate when I make shit more difficult than it has to be
haha, the venue was having some service issues early last night it was all taken care of tho.
Party continues next Friday!
43 followers in 11 hours!!
you guys are awesome!!
keep it up!!
tell all your friends to follow us!!
Promise to have the website running soon
I meant that's and about you hearing stuff made my day; and I don't know wtf happened but I was creeping on you and it said
: SVU is back.
The first of seven consecutive brand new episodes airs tonight your girl is back!
ow ow OW.
I don't think my back was supposed to do that.
thanks bro but yea in a whole nother state haven seen her in years lol
Cleat chasing girls on here, the kind of girl I have warned my son about since he was 13.
havent been able to tweet...sorrrrryyyyy:
Why is the air conditioning on in the coffee shop?
It's freezing!
I need ideas for my thesis essay.
NCLA tomorrow!
Traveling to the big city!!!
Hickory, NC HA!
I will give as many highfives as possible today
No worries  Twitter is about nothing if not insanities!
Hahaha
I finished all the Freaks and Geeks episodes on the DVR this weekend.
I'm so bummed that there aren't anymore to watch.
Great show.
:
can we please make this happen?
You would make a wonderful Andy.
took my first class there yesterday.
LOVED it and can't wait to get more involved!!
Bet ill do that fasho..RT : ya bro let me know where you gon be at soon we can show up again
WeirdFactAboutMe I never been on a road trip more ten 4 hours other then that I go in a plane lol
Congrats to the 100, NFC South champion, Green Bay Packers.
which memoir?
I have a whole list of titles ....
ps how r u?
I had forgotten that, but you got it.
retweet if u love
Some of those are news choppers.
They probably get good overtime, too.
While the novelty associated with taking pics of red doors has passed for me over these 10 years, I still appreciate seeing them.
Lets run it
RT Glue Inc and MayDay Inc together making things happen.Great collabo!
Is Obama supposed to be the daddy and congress the childoctorn?
Speaking of...
erranding and designing thangs for 's shower :
Google Music needs an interface lift.
ok!
Im really sad
Its making me uncomfortable.
So much cooperation.
Weird.
TBH, I just flipped out when I saw that pic and didn't even read or view the rest of the post ;
RT : Summer2012 is almost here!
TBE teens: choose your adventure!
TRAB could be a load and hold, big news, chart showing support around .05
Studying at Espresso Royale eliminates the need for any kind of self control apps.
The nonwifi is a productivity gift to us all.
To be responsible for oneself, it is first necessary to acknowledge what one is doing  Carol Gilligan from Isabel Rimanoczy
medlibs  I'm blogging on the exhibit hall at mlanet12 and am collecting questions and interests all month leading up to it.
Monday Morning Mortgage Madness!
Record breaking day playing on the promenade!
Man City giving it away...outrageous.
Ma Got Da Bro A New Toy  Im Messin Wid Id Like Ids Mine
Marty: Slept at Beaumont paper.
Building was old, dark, empty, lotsa old machines.
Felt like Jason Voohries lurked around every corner.
that Sonic made me feel better
of course you are!
Who isn't??
;
Having alotta fun
Ugly Weather 
Only in Kentucky do people go to a sheep herding contest.
Well, and Scotland.
Congratulations to Seattle's RT: Outstanding Restaurateur: Tom Douglas Tom Douglas Restaurants, Seattle
there is seriously something wrong with my nose.:
Girl Scout Birthday Box Party is about to start!
I am ready for a nap though!
Is it 4 pm yet?
the most tragic shit just happened.my cousin was shot dead on the westside.for those who i know that follow plz pray for her and her kids.
we are heading that way sooner than you think ;
It's my favorite show of all time, watched the whole series multiple times
RT : i can't wait until i'm rich.
i'm so tired of having to tend to my own needs.
it's UBER wack.
Tomorrow is Cinco de Mayo and wed like to remind you to please be safe; and please dont doctornk and doctorve.
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
lawn mowing in the summer.
Bad memories of California
somethings money can't buy.
The dogs are still barking.
Was it the Lady Gaga at aasl11 closing party?
Bored on Saturday night with nothing to do
Would pay cash money to get husb to turn off his Saltwater Angler TV marathon.
Quick!
Someone put Hot Stuff in Simon's jock to get him out of there...better yet, do it to Hudson next inning.
Kevin Hart and JB wow
Good q from our audience about the audiences.
Can we create games for kids that adults also play?
thanks for tweeting the story.
Great BNI visitors day for networking with new friends.
HAHA...
thank you for the funny sweet message...
hello and love back!
I wish to death I was there!!!
: RSL doesn't know how to use the 3 seashells.
Murder death kill
A little bit more shopping today my friends
Felicia and Amy are awesome.
Stories begin  8.
SNAFU!: The Marine Corps has a messaging problem.
's new album blownawayanything i've heard today.
nice work!
My other question after tonight is, where the heck are the Fleyrs getting all these young players!
Coutierier, Schenn Vorachek.
Sheesh.
I haven't looked into it too much, but I think he supports its newsletter for discourse reasons...
Suicide and I've never felt so sad in my life.
So please reconsider the choice to kill yourself.
Rest in peace Joey.
I'll never forget the..
lmao yes!
I workk at a tannin salon you can come by me!
Damn the advendgers movie is completely sold out !
uh ..
Im bad at this.
How bout enrique v ?
: lol
Ooh...
That sounds interesting...
Thank you.
Watching a Spring staring game on MLB Network.
Can't wait for the season to start!
cant wait to crush a nap later
talk to my travel agent.
ok.
I'll take you word for it then.
lol
: Is Angela Lansbury alive/available for hugs?
/// Yes, but she now goes by the name Betty White.
Should find me a lunch date I'm hungry
Packing is a bitch UHH
Was texting back and forth with former Eagle Ryan Angers  great conversation  reason I coach is b/c of kids like him
Greetings from Grand Canyon Natl Park.
What eventful couple of days, hopelessness to hope w/Gov Hick's special session
we are still in dallas at joe's place, we went out to eat then got here at 5 am.
:o
Why read the book when you know the ending
oh bother
so it only takes 18 minutes?
danmmbbb gurll u sure as hell right he rocks x
Thank you for kind words!
You made our day!
I've partied all over the world but never like disssss
that looks delicious.
Lol
OMG!
i have a lot of work to do !!!!
allah with me !!
why do you always want the one you cant have
lol so what are you doing!?;
sufficient evidence to support jurty trial convictions.
the federal judges should dismiss these case with prejudice
yeah it's weird.
WE'RE HERE!
Come see all of our new ecofriendly products at  Booth 7849!
TD Bank Hiring for 90 New Jobs in Connecticut
bo at blü right or something....
im going to sushi time saturday
nope.
Message me the info.
RT Come on floridast.
I need u to win marchmadness  Theyre coming baaaackkk,,,big three pointer
now that's the Worstt !!
.
A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore.
Yogi Berra
Even if it is unpopular.
YES
I want all that good stuff yea that includes you 
Who has mastered the fine line between celebrity and selfdeprecation.
am nadia goon and u
And we have a winner!
Thank you for participating!
About to hit the gym
I miss you too!
We need to hang before you leave
where's that at??
Learning about the new Seldoms project today from the amazing Carrie Hansen
thank you!
Yes you too!
mmhn less than a month!
And wed love to sometime!
You guys are fun as fuck to see!
How do you pronounce Taleto.
I wanna make sure I pronounce it right.
i'm a vegetarian and i would be interested in checking the pictures out.
haha yea : x
Thank God for early morning prayer!
And thanks everyone for the wonderful and kind birthday greetings yesterday.
Thank God for another year!
They probably do that already, it's just now becoming officially acknowledged.
Good Afternoon to all of DYNPR new followers!!
u took it wrong!!!!
That's what u say to me asshole!!!!
Where did you glean today?
Where did you work?
Blessed be he who took such generous notice of you!
So she told her Torah 48/99
This is the second crash after high speed chase on 300 Midvale block since Nov.
What can be done to make this block safer?
Explore this weekend!
Whats a neighborhood you've been meaning to discover?
Sometimes, we hurt those who love us the most.
Like I did when I set this 3legged cat on the ground.
He just wants to be loved.
RT : Only 4 box seats left for our Mother's Day matinee of Romeo  Juliet.
Treat your mother to a view like no other......
probs not.
I need money
happy pink bat day!!!
Go get
i was just told that my face looks like assblood
nice.
glad you guys concur.
I like getting back up :
This!!
: Somebody slap Tebow.
Let's see what he does.
Ha
is this indicative of the growth of the flip/investor market in SoCal?
Hopefully I feel better by than
doctoraming Monday!
doctorams are coming true today  just open your eyes!
I really did not know Jonah Hill was nominated for an Oscar..
Wow.
From superbad to oscar nominee..
getit!!
Amazing group of boston technology leaders at Innovation all Stars.
Psyched to be representing
no need to apologize.
Funny coincidencethe builder of our house at Annefield was named Hillery.
JUST HIT THE BLOCK...IF U OWE ME MONEY.
IM ON DA WAY...
Gotta love Game One......let's go HEAT
Oh, Purdue OWL, your helpfulness once again abounds.
The creator of mancode is in the studio!!!
happy birthday PRINCESTON
Melissa Lane, PoliSci, Princeton U, author of Eco Republic first up!
SustUnbound Sust needs developments in ethics as well as sci/tech
Finally got the front seat in the SkyTrain!
Technology????
The shitz a
Biked to the Glendale DMV and back today, because that's how I roll
I don't know the exact name of the sandwich, but I'm pretty sure it was number 13.
The one with grilled apples.
Beautiful day off yesterday in Ft Collins.
Playing here tonight  Everyday Joe's w/  .
Bluebird in Denver tomorrow!
Funny!
:p
What a week!
Busy at work  great progress with my little startup effort.
Love it!
So now off skiing : Going to Whistler!
Bye everyone.
thanks for all the twitter love and support for marchforbabies305!
HA!
Good move!
But of course Did you hear your website sounds blasting in the middle of a speaker prez?
Forgot my speakers were on.
oops!
I know this is going to come as a shock, but I'm a Twitter Bot.
Sorry I lied to you.
Tyla you are too gorgeous!!!
I'm launching a Skype health management program asap details on my website soon!!
Xx
yea man I just miss Sports altogether ima see about gettin on the hbg Stampede, or some simi pro team
Bhagavad Gita God is seated in the hearts of all.
It delights me to no end such a wonderful captainIN AMERICA movie exists
OK thanks I will check it out.
I love you!
I pray that your life brings you abundance of joy, prosperity, and love
replacecodysimpsonsongswithtoby Ends With Toby
we can try
is still hot on the trail of PT gigs in Baltimore/DC/SATRAD.
Your tips are greatly appreciated at .
Excellent!
We're stoked you like them.
Last day in Atlantic City...
Thank gawd.
u both r sexy as all hell
I wanna get a septum.
So cynical.
RT : But for real, I really hope we didn't waste our time tonight.
what about Tuesday ?
I found out that weave is universal, even the Africans are rockin it!
lol
this is why I love you.
What are thoughts on ticket giveaways/contests via twitter vs Facebook?
Stick to one or use both?
We're very happy to hear that!
Please tell Charlotte to keep fighting!
Why Thank You:
you're a pain.
But okay
Avengers fucking rocked.
thats because you have never went with me haha, i think rachel and jeremy are tired
A free One Direction cd, yes please.
Jammin' the rest of the afternoon away...
Ill be nice to be in relationship
Do your 4sq checkins REALLY need to be synced with your twitter?
really?
hi friends.
an overcast tuesday in hollywood.
I Hate When People Is Alwayz In People Shit I Hate That Shit People Need 2 Stay In There Own Shit Stop Been In Other People Shit
Probably within a couple months from now actually.
Honestly though, The Knicks/Rangers schedule is terrible.
Why are you doing this to sports fans?
It's criminal.
you watching the match?
Walking down National Nurses United's Main Street at the convention right now, meeting cool nurses from across the country.
Awesome!
pet peeve: people who RT but do not credit their RT to the person who tweeted the info.
1949 Zsa Zsa Gabor married George Sanders.
Good boy!
Viewing eulogy for Vacslav Havel: A word can change the wrld.
Minority view is not necessarily the wrong one.
Tip: an average blogger should have around 700 followers on Twitter it will def make a difference when brands are looking at your brand.
Dirty chai: check.
Laptop: check.
NYC: check.
Studio loft workspace: check.
Off to write some musical theater.
I doctoram of a better tomorrow....
where chickens can cross roads and not have there motives questioned!
jamming like an idiot during this long ass car ride.
50liesIwasTold I'll always be there for you.
omg ikr.
Like a girl that writes on her body and stuff doesnt deserve to win.
Thats what me and my mum said..
's swim towel is moldy!
nastygirlproblems iluhyou :
doctornking a Supper Club.
Where I come from doctornking a beer in a supper club makes you a sissy, but alas.
sorry  prob not gonna happen.
Here's the thing Danny, if u have to tell ppl how good u are, ur not that good.
If you r that good, it'll b self evident.
looks that way
Please KILL ME !
I want to live in New York  have a life just like Friends
Show report: nano tech 2012, Tokyo Leaders from academia, industry and government agencies gather at the world's largest nanotech event.
my weekend is not looking 2 promising as of now  i didn't plan anything yet but anyways what u got plan out 4 urself.
Maybe you can call in sick take it to crib and get all this ....
have fun tonight!
The fact that we will never meet depresses me.
Like really.
I'm not here for all these high schoolers thinking they have life figured out because they judge other people all the time.
Talk too much trash?
An amazing woman is defined by not just what she says, but what she does.
We think you do it well.
; 
RT : Florida investigators say in an affidavit that George Zimmerman professorled, confronted, then fatally shot Trayvon Martin.
If he saves a puppy, I'll click the link.
:
Lol, fuck my hair.
It looks exactly that same.
good ole memories
how's everything been?
Thanks to the Madfish Grill in Gloucester Friday night, and the folks who came out to see our last show in Gloucester until after August!
ah so phat doe we gonna rock dese we should conference call with glo or else figure dis ish out how we gonna go bout it u kno
Stabbing my eyes out over this Chen work
u welcome:
Still working on constant contact.
i want to kill it.!
Gov.
calling back evil GOP for another go at civilunions, this unlookedfor hope followed by Prez's evolving on
I think your son will be okay , he will find a calling or learn that the more succesful he is females will chase him
Video loops by are brilliantly breathtaking!
The whole vibe is like being in another city!
Eating tacos  happy cinco de mayo!
Looks great, we hope everyone had a wonderful time.
Happy Holidays!!!
The Five Year Engagement was actually very funny!
I definitely recommend it!
:
the what will u be?
mistersexy!?
Thanks!
Is there a website?
RT : Prosperity of San Diego Life Sciences Industry forum Fri.
May 11th  12p  UTC Forum Hall
RT : At midnight the works of James Joyce come out of copyright.
woohoo!
's very good
Even without attending the game, always fun just to get together and get bombed.
Looks like Test Track at Epcot is still scheduled for refurbishment in just a few days!
tweetless Derek Burns becomes !!!
Awesome!!
Any way I can get them from you today/tonight?
I know it's last minute, but one of the pickups is in the a.m.
Seski excited to bring big feet to stomp in Lane County playground tomorrow!
Why is the voice uk so much better than the voice us????
The talent is so much better!!!!
How much a person can change in a year is mind boggling.
I do want to see her strip.
Let's make that happen.
its gonna be my ringtone.
walkaway
..
your probably thinking to yourself .::I wish this nigga would tell me something::.
Imagine Harry:You're more than you think you are!
You are my world.
You are everything I need.'' Kisses you
Visited Ms.
M at the rehab ctr, she is doing well  wants 2 go home.
I told her if she keeps doing what she is doing, she will b home soon.
I just realized that I spelled faded wrong in my earlier tweet.
Haha
Happy Valetines Day
i dont think i am
Lmfao RT : actually Idk y any1 lykes lennys, me and kota go to this one place that no one knows about in midtown.
Flipped classrooms are interesting, but I miss the discussion we have in the facetoface version of the same class.
lmao it's scarface looking for him
lmao f y'all
Cool!
is going to give 36K worth of Georgetown courses here at
My thoughts exactly.
Throwing  batter is more dangerous.
That was also premeditated, where Lawrie was spontaneous.
Taking Back Sunday lyric tweet night.
Sounds good.
As much as I know I'll miss school I can't afford any more anyway!
On to the real world!
:
chill yourself lmao
Hey, no problem!
Enjoyed the video.
I hate to say it, but I totally agree!
Durant and the Thunder?
...but if a lock is opened by a lot of different keys, well thats a pretty shitty lock if you ask me.
Early VHS home movie of wheelchair racers and runners sporting amazing 80s coifs and dayglo short shorts
JoeyDiamondFact Joey started singing when he was 6, but didnt take it seriously until he turned 13..
The best.
im to fuckin ready to start school
I hate Kobe !!!
He will never amount to the greatness of Michael Jordan
Welp good luck on them
Yay!
RT I'd like to welcome to the SF Community!
If you currently live in SF, get ready for some exciting activities!
really?
You should've blown out nc.
They lost 3 point guards this year.
Not impressed.
I swear LAX is playing the soundtrack to my life right now!
Ha
I am not asking to be on a list, if you don't want to share me with your followers I don't mind.
I'm just glad to be back.
:
The search for Caleigh Harrison  who has been missing for more than two weeks  resumed on Friday.
Oh!
Did you get to see the ducks?
No Pulitzer this year for fiction?
I thought Mike Daisey had a lock on that.
I love mornings like this :
oh that's just great.
hopetheyfindhim/her
Pssst, pssst, come check out new spring arrivals.
There's somethings you might want to see if you haven't checked in a few days.
RT : RT if I'm about to see you at the LBSU game!
Xmen Last Stand  Royals baseball
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want.
i did my own hair today, decent af
I want to but I dont wanna stand in line lol!!!
No RT : You could be the best of me when I'm the worst for you.
I have to get back to playing every Sunday again and stay planted no matter what.
I know where I belong and its the main reason I dont gig.
Way or weigh, boy genii?
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY :
Finna pass out
We go on in 10min, come out!
SHRM11 is just around the corner.
feel better booty!
Opinions are like this weird growth on my thumb: I don't want to have any of either anymore
I cant work when I feel this sick.
How to pay medical bills when you cant work is something I need to figure out.
happy to be serving Fiery shots this weekend!
we're making u proud here in
Be yourself
what's the best experience you've had at a doctor's office?
thanks for coming to the world's oddest play with me haha
I know lol they SHOULD correct all these ghetto peoples grammar!
Yes!
I'm very excited but sad at the same time.
I'll miss my work buds.
you can corroborate this with , but my favorite flavor is redhead and their pale is like freshly whipped cream.
I got this.
Finally seeing Avengers today!!!!
ekswtkhwtehkht
I needed a rain jacket for two years and I FINALLY got one a couple months ago and it is a life saver
Fashion show.
Ready to work the runway.
Perfectly stated!
: Football can just fuck right off.
A disappointing, annoying, and utterly frustrating weekend of results.
Whoa whoa whoa.
makes books?!
Looking forward to dinner with and her team tonight!!
:
Seattle Referendum 1 is up for consideration.
Tech are not the only companies in sf that get tax breaks.
Double dash doesn't do it?
Trying to remember, because I've probably used them more times than I should.
I love that you think I would be capable of dating anyone on the team....
But I'm sad to say...
No one.
I want to thank you for u r the reason I know Twitter!thank u randy
Congrats, and many happy returns
IT holds keys to excellent socbiz emailmarketing campaigns.
Define your segments, politely articulate them, and take IT to lunch.
You win.
I hear from my butcher that Randy Moss signed an autograph for Jim Harbaugh
were stokked too!!
Happy sxsw to you!
Now we won!
Tcap over
hey!
thanks for the follow!!
pizza is delicious
RT Super excited for tomorrow it's gonna be amazing!
:
yeah that whole voting thing is so flawed
I miss you so incredibly much
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
Robert Frost
You are not your job, status or bank account; you are who you think you are.
why did Rebecca fall off the swing?
because she had no arms
DUDE!
Shut up!
The game isn't over yet.
Don't jinx us!
Heading to Vgrill Sunset shortly!!!
Excited for new menu items :D
Thank you for putting a donation box for the Indiana AIDS Walk  Ride in your Broad Ripple store.
We appreciate you!
WAS THERE WEED IN THE GOODIE BAG
yeah I'm not allowed to hah :
When kids are depressed is the sippy cup half empty or half full
In honor of today, 3/14, I need to get some pie.
Where can I find the best pie?
and you know how to peel them away to expose the authentic self.
well that's true...lol
45 min countdown to Lunch
....what do you think of your boy Upshaw now as a Ratbird?
no problem!!
whoa.
check out google maps' Quest feature.
it turns maps into a zeldalike landscape.
Hey, that's me upper left in the bad suit!
Day 1 of potty training Caden: Success!
Ah, the joys of parenthood!
Check out the lists that is inthere are some good ones there.
heard your Nelly Furtado cover.
You're really talented!
are you doing a ustream today?: lol what time would it be at now?
We just had the best call with !
He is the Chuck Norris of BRANDING!
What a pleasure, thanks so much John!
I keep thinking today is Monday!
Love this idea.
RT : afternoon of FemTechNet dedicated to imagining/scoping a massively distributed FemTechSci course
its def a sport all its own, isnt it ?
Sweet!!
There is alot of good hiphop around there!
Make a trip to Virginia Beach too!
Cool shops and shows out there!
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone !!!!
he's a good player but he just won't be able to handle Henson and zeller's length or quickness
TebowMovieTitles Silence of the Steeler Fan
Does the film cover A Princess of Mars or or does it cover more of the novels?
lol ok i guess so.
we fux wit da same ppl.
Adam is my artist.
Sprite, good.
You mind if I have some of your tasty beverage to wash this down?
When me and have random staredowns when we pass each other in Walmart.
lmao
On highway one.
Smells like somebody ran over a tube of skunk.
Great interview on on the san diego school district budget with  reporters.
Oops!
Our appologies.
Very amazing space!
I guess you should have just charged them for 2.0
When did snitching become cool?????
oO
Chocolate Peanut Butter Layer Bars Whenever I make these chocolate peanut butter layer bars , people beg me for the recipe.
A cross betwe
That was beyond ridiculous.
Please RT  follow these amazing people:, , , , , ,
Nails done 
doctorfting blog re: WalMart bribery, board responsibility for corp culture, role of gatekeepers and how this may derail reforms.
full moons are only a good thing in romantic movies
u realise u infered compared as even in team impact to Peyton Manning..damn!
RT : insiderawards on 2/23?
This quiz is simple, almost a little too easy.
My answer is A.
True  Yes  heck yes.
had to run back to NYC!
Hope it was fun.
Shooting you an email now...
I totally understand,
I love you!
Graduation is NEXT WEEKEND!
Are you ready?
well put us on your ipod rock out and kick the crap out of that midterm!
The colors of a fresh garden salad are so extraordinary, no painter's pallet can duplicate nature's artistry.
doctor SunWolf
Just got told it's late and to get in bed.
waitwhat I'm19
I said, we have tuna.
lots of snow coming.
more sleep and eat all day.
miss u
Zero Dialect tonite at Southport Hall!!
10pm
Merry Christmas!!
WOW.
The weather in NYC is fantabulous!
Nope, nobody's talked to me about the UW IMLS grants, but they know how to find me if they do!
idk what day it starts but it's in July
RT : The biggest advances are not made by being a great teacher; they are made by being a great student.
Pursah
Aw.
I love that.
I really wish someone would text me right now..
Well, if that's my last night going out, at least I'm going out with a bang.
LISTEN InRepublican candidate for President will be on the LiAmi Lawrence Show Wednesday 911pm on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
it'd be pretty cool if you did the Willow Dance
why try so hard to fit in, when your born to stand out?
Rack city BITCH
The fact that I was supposed to be seeing blink182 tomorrow in New Hampshire with AAR...
I HAD TO GET OUT OF THAT AREA!
RT : Let's talk about selling cars, Paul.
omg, i still love your background  looking so good:
Unconference w/ and Lock.
The.
Door.
This will be good.
2nd Saturday was a Huge Success, Thanks to all the SNOCLOTHING Fans that came out to support us and Buy Clothing!!!
www.SNOCLOTHING.com
U wanna lose weight?
Start running now cause if I find out who this spam twit is its a piece of oak upside your head for u!!!!
i luv my boyfriend's back mainly cause of 1990's zombie movie w the same name.
its so sad that was my fav movie when i was 7
Oh YeAh GoT sOmE mOnEy YoU wAnT sOmE?
sOrRy DoN't HaVe AnY!
no, im just speaking of my experience most folks fade off the college life after freshman year
RT : Get a free signed Nick Barnett jersey...
Just retweet this and be ready to answer trivia question Tom morning!!
: like i said, is style issue rather than grammarperse; from writingonly perspective, PV can make meaning less clear.
Hiya pal!!
Getting ready to pawwwwteeeeee!
The Man, The Myth, The Legend FF hoping to share a doctornk you tonight SP at the Party!
game tomorrow?
what is call in day all about?
hey i want to thank u all for following me if i dont follow u back am sorry i will get a change okay i love u all and please dont unfollow m
Lol that's Baltimore for you.
so stressed, feels like the beginning of senior year all over again
if u could only grow a pair and c what's in front of your two eyes
My own haiku / Written just for me / I am honored :
First names?
Jessica.
:o Fleetwood Mac on a 8track!
Sunday at Farm Associated get 10 off all concentrates all day!!!!
we're an hour behind.
thanks for the spoiler though.
wink.
Current Sweet 16 teams by state: Wisconsin 2, Kentucky 2, Ohio  Indiana  New York  Texas 1, everybody else goose egg.
I sure am.
Got tired of morning traffic lol and don't you have someone to teach tomorrow or something?
its Indiana Grand now lol yea I have been there.
Not much luck.
Who r u with?
Happy Mother's Day to all you fabulous Moms out there!
Kneedeep in Chihuahuas
The soapy coffee pot shall remain on all day.
:D
true, true
Going Down to Chattanooga for a field trip.
Happy Friday everyone!
Three day weekend ahead : So much relaxing to get done
My bf doesn't like the idea of me to ombre my hair .
Well I'm 5'5 so nothing shorter than that haha
Have to give credit to my man Good idea for the Warriors is a sign and trade with Atlanta, Monta Ellis for Josh Smith!
Me too.
They are so mouthy.
Moderation is key, its okay to give in a little from time to time in fact it may help you avoid having a whole carton of ice cream at once
Got 100 channels n nada on tv!
Looking for GlutenFree menu items for lunch and dinner?
Dine with Los Equipales today!
Why would you ever say that?
You're casting aspersions, randomly.
On your own people.
SMH
RT BREAKING NEWS BREAKING NEWS!!!!!
CIROC has just been named The Official Vodka of Twitter Users !!!
RT PLS!!!!!
We wont be able to wear eye makeup cuz of all the tears from laughing so hysterically!!!
we need to schedule a visit!!
so jealous :
Back on twitter': 3
Watching the SuperBowl commercials and tuning out the game...it's hard to remember not to tune out commercials for once!
Happy Earth Day Boston : What is everyone doing?
There are worse things to rip off, at least.
If it's not too windy tonight it's movie night, we're probably showing Point Break...
you can also bring in a movie we like, we'll play it
Fortunately serendipity intervened  found the perfect little park, crunchy leaves, cafe and all.
they are pretty much the same person....
Got whole crew up predawn Passed customs into Canada but view from across border was fog LOT of effort NO photos Dateline: Detroit Michigan
Want the politically correct answer, or the real answer?
LOL!
My prayers are withOklahoma State University during this difficult time.
Holy crap, my best friend's wedding.
Holy crap JF where have YOU been all this time?
I've been easy to find.
Never left the Shrine :
its probably far as fuck lol
Feeling sick :/
Great to hear!!
See you soon!
Just posted a 1901 photo of the magnificent Victorian Mansion at 352 N.
Broadway Yonkers NY, home of John Havemeyer www.victoriansource.com
In honor of VMworld I am listening to Electric Daisy Carnival 2011Lie sets.
Wish I was there.
lol good luck!
Invitation accepted!
Would love to hear your feedback on our book.
QUESTION: What's your Halloween costume this year?
Why in God's name did I decide to start doing my taxes in the middle of the night?
Democrats see the US as a guild.
Republicans see it as a pug.
This explains their different philosophies when it comes to loot.
heading to with Chicago Metroboard to discuss lifechanging opportunities for Chicago's isolated youth
we and might be interested in that!
sent you a mail via your site, hope to hear from you soon.
I will hope everything is well!
LOve  CoNquer 
coolness.
did they do Black Dog?
good advice comes from bad experiences
Actually, I take back what I said.
He was definitely Indonesian.
My Papa, Albert, served in the Hungarian Army as a Jewish slave and survived when the Russians took him as a POW.
Hello there!
So glad to be a part of your group!
Will spread the word!!!
3
m, armadillo carnage

I added each Follower to Lists with names like Friends, Enemies, News, Politics, etc.
I just want to get out of this town.
It's true that life is like a box of chocolates.
But, at The Chocolate Library, you get to choose which kind you'll get
Inkind.
Thank you for asking.
Pulp Fiction got to much going on.
Saw 2 bunnies on the walk home
That video why we can't succeed.
lmfaoo
maybe you shouldnt get your license....
Save the old ladies in a wheelchair
Im sick of the browns
Thank you!
We can't wait to release it.
Stay tuned!
RT : Big day: now an official AAMKT member and signed up for AAM12.
Including the SM Bootcamp  Vagoose baby!
great to meet you, !
we are looking forward to having you back in the fall!
: Ahhck!
I'm in CHI for work at the end of that week and then intern training.
Don't think ima be able to swing it...
Marcus Canty?
IT'S ALL ABOUT MELANIE AMARO!!!
;
LOCATIONS...MUCH OF CENTRAL NEW YORK WEST OF THE INTERSTATE 81 CORRIDOR...INCLUDING MOST OF THE FINGER LAKES REGION...AND THE ELMIR...
Woo!
RT : Just ordered my Indy 500 tank with koozie  3 extra koozies for 3 lucky friends yet to be determined!!
that oh my god moment when you finish a really good book
haha yes.
And a fantastic rooftop view of the city, for when ones wallet needs a breather.
go toa Fac meeting.
That is the only requirement for membership.
We'll see.
I'm really not trying to be a hater, just saying how the game works, and how the Athletics work.
love to chat im me
This appears to be ineptitude at its finest.
JetBlue major miscommunication at SJC being lied to for 3 hours now.
Nobody making the call to cancel flight
So proud of my incredible bff for her amazing performance of Mahler tonight.
The world is better with her voice.
Hair in the City  The Finest in Hair Coloring  Styling
Invited to Seattle for an early read of a new play.
So honored...
real talk
Why can't you get the fuck out of my head, I'm starting to get frustrated.
I get kinda mean when im intoxicated...which makes it real complicated when im by myself.
Lol.
Dining alone is vastly underrated.
Sorry!!
I'll walk louder in the future.
I got home with about 30 sec to spare before the thunder  lightning started.
That was QUITE the unexpectedly LONG night of babysitting.
How was your roots trip?
tommies is fire!!
a lil chilli on top da burg.
been too long need to get back to cali
If a book about failures doesn't sell, is it a success?
Thanks!
Add !
you'll do great just like me.
:
Just did a set of lashes for one of our FAB customers she looks so pretty
Right on!
Gold Coast  Los Angeles.
I can't make it to the contest, but I wanna see a victory downtown today.
Make it happen, boys.
Now you are famous :
I wanna be a  the day of kaskade since ima be the birthday girl :
You're a scholar and a gentleman.
I'm officially on the hunt for your other CakeCreams, which is now a new word, I hope.
Fine Arts Library is so quiet this morning
Unless Peter Nowak brings on Mwanga, this Long Tan sub for has chance to change face of game.
Glee just took it to church.
Weird.
lol hope y'all ready for that
Happy Mothers Day to my mom!!!!!
Lovee u.
Ure a super strong part of my world.
Together we stand!
The engineer records the track and mixes the track...
it's basketball of course imma have fun
No!!
Bundy gave up his first hit.
There goes the professorssional no no.
great show
Ooh I got on a few days ago!
I think they are starting there Medieval party tomorrow!
:D I'm so excited!
: How about you?
just finished my Annie rehersals, homework time then tomorrow is early release from school!
Time with my friends!
3
Hmm I'm at a point in my life where I have developed positive outlooks on my destructive habits.
Lol
Proposal: If cause a life to be lost by 'accidental' Gun', have mandatory 'waiting period' and reeducation before can reuse Guns.
Fair?
Tweet me a number and I'll tell you what I like best about your account.
:
have a wonderfull Tuesday my friends.....
doctorss for success.
Producing in a suit just feels so right.
They aren't horrible.
but if someone else has a better suggest I'd go another route.
GivesYouWings red bull
The work I do on myself is not a goal, it is a process a lifetime process.
I choose to enjoy the process!
L.
Hay
love you bro
In a doctoram last night I was chased by a Black Angus bull, and for dinner tonight I had a steak  true dat
: yes RT: In 10 games against the Lakers this season, the Nuggets have outscored LA by a total of 8 points.
:0
Summer is right around the corner 
Lol, you're sweet.
I have a rough doctorft of a review started  want to talk over some ideas w/you.
:
I HATE moths.
: No I get it now, Louis why are u tweeting a Subway commercial hahha Yes.
Yes.
NO!
Aw i miss you too 3
At Barnes and Noble w/SZ.
Need appropriate book recommendations for 7yr old girl w/short attention span, but high level reading skills.
Love those skype's that keep you smiling all night.
: WhatisthisfeelingIcall...yes ;
Otc..i wanna see this snow white movie
I'm probably of the minority opinion, but I don't think a Midwest zoo needs dolphins.
In fact, I'm kind of antizoo.
I find them depressing.
can't wait for the game tonight!.
Your fans are allin and readytobeloud for
You KNOW I'm right!
Just accept defeat!
;P
Gotta come by and see us at the gardens and see how our cardboard project is working.
you got it...make ya pussy poot like a compooter gurl!!!
Never underestimate the power of pretend
If you are using then you need to add the Hootlet app to your web browser.
A valuable SocialMedia tool.
Five years ago: Voters in the Dallas suburb of Farmers Branch became the first in the nation to back an ordinance prohibiting landlords from
I did, I'm here, haha.
always knew u were a heartbreaker...
But not likes this J, not my poor heart :
First bar we walk into plays Courtesy it's gonna be a good night
it's my half birthday today haha :p
doctorve on the road for the first time today and doctorvers Ed and I KICKED ASS!!!!!
I WAS FREAKIN AMAZING!
Just Saying
W.honestconversations.com successfully launched on the dylanratigan show tonight!
Wahoo!
Got a  and I hate it
Thanks, Love.
xx
I feel like I've been neglecting my twitter account.
With that being said wishing all a fantastic weekend!
Calling all DIVAS!
You can still get your spa on for just 50.
youmyfriendareonecoolguy I tried finishing our mashup and it ended up making my voice sound demonic for some reason
Love it!
Don't worry clintonville, will save you.
YoureInTheFriendZoneIf he ends up having a kid from a previous relationship.
oh and if you really dont...
2369 Virginia Beach Boulevard ;
new ratpackers ??
Welcome
sad sad movie lol
Nope, but I've just looked.
Responding now
half mast flag for a celebrity?
...me thinks if the person was in the armed forces or judicial/federal branch yes.
giggles Nice one DJ
what the heck are you talking about?
Lol
I just created a fun Australian character for Youtube...nothing dark and sinister I'm afraid, more blonde and stupid...ie funny
working on t designs.
: My temper goes from 0  10 in less then a second therefore watch your words with me
We'll have to get together at the track next week!
I want a female that knows how to communicate that keeps our problems between us everybody don't need to know everything.
Thanks for the follow back  stay beautiful!
Road Tripping in The RAIN!!
And a Northstar oatmeal raisin cookie for FREE?!
Super bonus.
The wildest colts make the best horses.
Plutarch
Still waiting for Rolando McClain to become the impact player he was tabbed as
My mojo so dope bitch
My sister better hurry uo nd get to Chicago.
Next song being recorded soon!
Stay stoked!
Oh....
Laughoutloud that's really cool.!.!.!.!.!
What a beautiful day in rva!
Let the weather motivate you to exercise outdoors!
i have never done that before  he would not replied .
Fri 105  Sat 101 Joe Frazier will lie in state at the Wells Fargo Center in S.
Philly for fans to pay their final respects.
Anyone offering state or companyfinanced life/health insurance to the bar/tavern employees who have to inhale smoke?
Something Grilli tweets.
Kaiser Permanente Wins National Environmental Award
Going to turn try to find season 1 of boardwalkempire suggestions?
You can tell me anything.
I'll probably laugh and make fun of it, but you can still tell me anything.
dear God, please don't let this day turn to complete poop.
that looks like a fun Capri Sun
Thanks for the RT, Scott!
is with In NYC getting ready to hit the stage off Broadway with The Punany Poets; 2 shows tonight !
i love my family.
:
A BMW doctorver with NU Faculty parking sticker just fingered twice on Clark St.
without reason.
damn, never fail
Traffic violation cameras are wrong on SO many levels.
It scares me that we have been programmed to accept that crap, yet here we are.
real not realtime
young love was just dumb love, call it what you want it was still enough 3
Um Cali people over enunciate their Rs....HARD LMAO
nba jams right now for the love it
Tonight's Pick up line  Me  Girl im about to win that lottery Chick  How?
Me  Cause I'm about to get your digits :O
glad he doesn't follow me ;D
Hey Houston, we really wanted to say Thanks for the follow!
A BFMusicFactoid  today in 1827 Composer Ludwig van Beethoven died.
At tipsandtricks with giving a sneak peek into agency life.
I love you
thanks bestie!!
I just got off work, ready to relax and take a hot bath
Dec 20: 50 Cent says HAPPY HOLIDAY to the unsigned artist 500 cash to hottest performance of the night!
Club Pyramid, NYC.
18, 9pm, 20
No one knows everything RT : Some ppl kno everything some ppl question everything
How cool!!
your angels and gentlemen mixtape is getting me through my exam revision atm cody!
thanks you!
When your best friend is doctorving your dealership cars 30 miles back to the dealership, and you lose her.
Half hour into Red, White, and Blue.
Bored out of my mind.
This better pick up.
I would feel better if my Brewers tickets for Saturday sold...
Rockets guard Kyle Lowry has surgery, should be OK in 68 weeks
Good!
Had a great workout.
Getting close to my goal.
:
class registration and a physics test this morning.
if only that's what a SOW really was
Right on dude!
haha yeah I already know you throwing a party over there right now
nope.
Changing password!
Congratulation to and Jim Hinrichsen for their first place victory in the Napa Chili cookoff!
5hundy represent!
30 Jose's  Tampa, FL
lmfao!!!
Did I just see a kiddie perm.
Work it girl
YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe When someone asks the same question over and over again
He's a little guy but he's scrappy as hell.
We're made from strong stuff.
He'll bounce back.
:
Where in Clematis?
I hope you like my next one, I think its one of my best ones yet!
thank you for believing in what we do!
if someone called you a motherfucker and you fucked a milf, would that be a compliment?
thank you thank!
Seeing Eliane Elias's trio tonight with
What a weird movie THE FACULTY is.
Among weirder things: Josh Hartnett's haircut.
Off for my 2nd carpal tunnel surguery.
Yum I'm in!
Sat, June 11, 5pm at Aespo's Tables?
If we're going to be on Mass Ave...
I'm starting to see the ppl that unfollowed me...lol
Just got home from 11 hours of 53rd Birthday fun  Disney's Magic Kingdom.
Dear SanDiego Why don't you have a train/trolley stop at Morena/Balboa?
There really should be one there.
yo that Take the Fall record is DOPE!!
NOT A DOCTOR BUT I CAN MAKE YA FEEL BETTER N IM GREAT AT WRITING PHYSICAL LOVE LETTERS
Perhaps someone will recognize and give you a tip.
Hurricanes mad cause I make it rain on chicks, and the Tornados is piss cause I spin more whips.
It's starting to feel like a 18 cups of coffee kind of day.
Hello work week, I can't say that I've missed you.
Has Evanston been caught in a temporal wake for the last decade?
How have so few things changed?
2011.09.13 Brewers 2 Rockies 1  Nothing comes easy / but after extra innings / Braun knocks the walkoff
you hope so
Whoa  Mike Wallace once tried to commit suicide.
This Morley Safer interview is amazing.
they say real girls are never perfect.
perfect girls aren't real.
Folks that I don't want to do business, I just want to create are dangerous to themselves and the industry.
Re: Performance problem using API  General  Support Forums ...
AnaJet is excited to have a 800 square foot booth at this years SGIA event.
I love Vincent's smile.
So adorable!
:
Limestone County Unveils Design Of Countys Tornado Memorial
Well I have to go!
love you guys!
GoodNight Sweet doctorams Everyone!
xoxo btw thanks again for everyone who put me in there FF yesterday!
:
I have eaten so much today
pretty weird that 2 of my boys ran into you at the most random place last night haha
Excited to see my lady!.
Musicians and artists alike tap into a part of their brain that is very miraculous.
Whose going to vote for us and help us get on Warped Tour?!
Judge Scieszinski: proposed Judoctor.11A4 std of rebuttable presumption hard for judge evaluating campaign contributors in her files
Thanks, Leslie!
Would love to present together!
Maybe global read aloud?
lli11
please follow me!333333
What just happened 
Just let me know when.
Miss you already!
On this earth to ive to creature lives after lives to command them in my image and my wonderous ways.
American eagle?
I hear you on the memory thing.
Mine isn't the best either.
But hey we try, right?
Is a cannibal.
So much stuff to do, so little time to do it.
HAVE FUN
re: Southtown TIF community collaboration meeting
Congrats!
Hoping to see you in the Burgh soon.
I have one more person to meet but unless It turns out to be your sister, I think you've got it.
hehe I'm just all kinds of awesome right now
Gears of War 3 or nap after class?
Somebody pass my guitar So I can look like a star And spend this cash like xD
pop pop Whatz good
Rooms 76  43 are available tonight!
We would love to have you stay with us.
Call me Lil'Wayne cause I'm lickin on your lollipop!
is it summer yet or what get back to NYC!
I agree!
He's teachin Gillie the ropes!!
Going to sleep after weekend update.

hi!
Happy preSt.
Patrick39;s Day
just learned smuggler in german is schmuggler.
i love this language.
Happy christmas eve !!
Christmas is just right around the corner !
Time to partyy.
;
Thank you for the RTs and mentions!
Everyone in this house is sick if I get sick ima be vex lol
aw : some1 lied to u when they said mustangs were cool

Today I am going to focus on my Blessings and not on my Problems....positivethinking Amen
Chargers' Mark Fabiani says he depends on local media to tell team's story and gives reporters fairly high grades for their coverage.
you're awesome
end of the FY  statistics time
Chime in everyone at meetingoftheminds let's hear from you
I'm encoding a video right now.
3 you beach house
Getting ready for a chicken fried steak showdown at with and the Wilder Bros!
D3 time with !
Monday is my Sunday
Spouses who put their partners first have marriages that last.
Running Rebels has the perfect containers  bowls for your Super Bowl Party!
You can have them for a small donation to the organization!
i would be furious if someone cut the flow haha
There's a difference between giving up and knowing when you have had enough.
If what?
Don't leave us hanging, man!
RT If some retarded stupid idiotic old man scolding me for no apparent reason.
Time for
BMW hits back at Olympic VIP car critics BMW has rejected criticism aimed at plans to use 4,000 of its cars to ferry athletes and officia
Bollywood is so ready for Hi Fashion.
You gotta bring your swagger to Bombay.
Interested in hearing from people with disabilities that travelled on a cruise with their service animal.
Any issue?
Does Sakai support IMS Common Cartridge export yet?
I looked at SAK7781 but that is marked as resolved by an unrelated issue?
Off to the farmer's market to get some fresh herbs and veggies for my vegetable bolognese tonight!
I'm so blessed :
One does not love if one does not accept from others.
Kanuri proverb, Nigeria
Good morning Baltimore!
We are meeting for lunch today at the Hyatt downtown at 12:15.
Hope to see you there...
yes they should definitely get another chance!
icecream and cupcake wars!!
Im gonna say yes.
LOL that's really strange!
My 24 bright red Husky digital level just needs a Thrasher sticker for complete beauty.
Rainy night in NY....what else are you going to do www.kissandim.com/register!
I should have read the instructions on The Nueva Ring before deciding to use it instead of a condom,think I need stitches!
My flat ass chest  Gwen
Oh okay!!
If I come up to NY I'll give you a shout out!
My sis lives in BK!
I live in boring DC...lol
You can email us at , thanks
cnndebate why aren't people talking about the Canadian boarder?
There are many undocumented people that come in through Canada!
LMFAO!!
Bro You Still Funny!
going for a run.
Can you message us on the myspace page and we will figure out when/where we can get you the tickets!
Can't wait!!!
we also have 254 million cars on the road compared to their 53 million.
We doctorve more and like cheaper gas.
hey me too.
it's brutal.
So fuckin' hungry..
I need to find something to put inside me pronto
Just caught the Man City  QPR highlights.
Wow.
NC State missed one of them, but Jason Clark's three is long as time runs out.
6663 NC State final
Thank you SO much for the follow  I'm VERY happy to return the favor.
: I look forward to your future Tweets!
Awesome!
RT : I haven't started yet, but I just saw Howard Reich and his film.
Amazing!
I will teach ESL/Span...
God damnit.
Again.
for Boxing Geeks and Gurus it probably was a GREAT fight.
For casual fans like me; Boring!
Holla when May vs Paq is Reality
It's a third floor, rearfacing window; she was sitting on her back alleyaccess staircase.
There's never anyone out there.
OH tweeting is a full time job.
I can see why Ashton Kutcher works so hard.
USC studentshave a great and safe Spring Break!
I love Austin 3
STILL have tickets 4 the all white party may 19th at clubsugarhill.
text NIGHTOUT to 72727 to win a pair!
doctorwing tomorrow for mothers day
I love you.
this day after day sunshine with perfect temps and humidity is starting to get tedious.
August: Osage County.
Wow!
If you're in LA and haven't seen this yet, Do yourself a favor.
RT : I miss my bros// Miss you too sis!!
need a pick up from the airport?
Thanks!
We'll share that with one of our readers.
We have a whole list of kosher kitchen questions recently submitted.
what's up??
I want a Shamisterck Shake for lunch but it's raining.
Sigh...
you know what a Dutch is ..
Lol.
Listening to Frank Sinatra feels like coming home.
It makes me glow with swinging warm fuzzy feelings : Sing it Francis.
could you hear the MVP chant?
I was impressed.
No, but Michael Mann will be coming soon.
Perhaps we should have on for every episode in that series.
:
Believe in yourself.
RT : I really miss you.
Its Money Time!
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact.
Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth.
Marcus Aurelius
and will be at the FutureofPD Conference on Friday.
Follow this handle for their discussion and to participate
The St.
Patrick Day on Memorial will be a celebration after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
And this ladies  gents is a perfect ex of why you dont put niggas in charge of public transportation
Art Rush 43!
Set up my Wall Street exhibit at Brooklyn College.
Attended my friend Ben Jones' opening at Jadite Galleries!
jetty very cool and has clean websockets implementation
If you got the general as your insurance then your ratchet as hell
One more review and I'm caught up dances
How does a lead guitarist change a lightbulb?
He holds it up and the world revolves around him.
thanks!
i had no idea what to expect out here.
its actually really rewarding.
not that i am staying, but it was a good choice
just got out of work and covered in ice cream.
On TCM they are playing a special on John Williams and Speilbergs partnership.
The art of collaboration.
Tryna keep my head up.
I know I'll be alright though.
Im stronger then what i give myself credit for
Follow back please????
I love you pumpkin :
Stay Positive!
When I feel blue I go to the gym; if that's too much for you right now....go walking and you will feel so much better!
Attn Uk Fans: RT : You can now buy your Thanksgiving Turkey Brining Kit at Harvey Nichols.
RT This Thursday, Answers to your burning SMM questions at the Social Media Marketing Workshop Feb.9th
Lakers getting that  whoop!!
Dude getting all mad  knocking over sh lol
Why is Rory sleeping with Campbell??
I hate Pete Campbell.
Anyone know of any good Vegas hotel deals for November 3 6???
Any suggestions would be appreciated!
Also note we are on a budget!
That's so nasty when girls go whoring around in school
lol.
You know how it is....daddy's little girl...
Signed with AVO today....surreal!
Three more days until the Absurdities Crept Inopening!
Woo Hoo!
i hate this kid norris cole...
Urghh, i hate this.
Habitat answered our requests and we will be building in the 9th Ward this semester folks!!
Got me a new bathing suit
.RT Winner!
RT : Bringing home the bacon and a Benz.
30 mins and counting  come meet the people behind Ad2 and AdClub at Mainstay Rock Bar!
We had a time last night at , great atmosphere wonderful food.
saw u on younow.com  very cool work!
Yeah Brewers get pissed off and take it out on the baseball, like what I'm seeing outta them tonight
Holy shit.
Thank you for posting my Warren video!
On to Step 2  looking at the context.
Conduct and internal and external scan
SInce when does KFC Classic Catches include Classic Clangers?!?!
Happy mothers day to a wonderful strong mother
just ordered us a new HD, hopefully we can get our systems back online soon!
: I guess no wants a follow back because no one followed  I did!!!
ha ha I cant I have stuff to do I will sleep tonight Im off so ha
THANK YOU!!!
see it with me!
A spectacular MNF game.
I'm sure it would exceed expectations.
10 seconds......
Let the count down begin lol.
I don't even like the Lakers, why am I watching this game
Yes!
The Rude Mechanical Orchestra joined us today.
Likely more as the weekend progresses.
what a day
This is one of the most doctormatic EPL days ever.
I'm going to need a doctornk soon.
I don't care if it's not noon yet.
Late Sunday and I have that did I do my homework feeling.
hate that but thank you
Can't find me in just one spot
beautiful stuff, folks.
i highly recommend:
Mothers of teenagers know why some animals eat their young.
LOL
it happened what it had to happen.
ggj12 strategy: sleep Friday, marathon afterward?
marathon until Sat/Sun crash?
At the least, one 8 hour shuteye somewhere in the 48 hrs.
: thought u were only staying for one doctornk!
I just beat BrickBreaker!
Minnesota Tile amp; Stone opened a new flagship studio  Minneapolis Star Tribune
Absolutely.
Nice to meet you!
Welcome to the professorssion!
shoutouts to big dawg and for fuckin wit my records.
we out here boy
where are u applying for an internship?
Thinking Bout NY by Ny chance ?
Baseball playoffs start tonight.
Who do you want to win it all?
youknowyouresouthern when youre more polite than the girl ringing you up in a department store
Today is Pelly Marie's first school dance.
Have a great time sweetheart.
Tickets tonight to see the incomparable My 7th time seeing her in concert.
Pain is temporary.
It may last a min, or an hr, or a day, or a yr, but eventually it will subside and something else will take its place.
University of San Francisco extends scholarship offer to Homestead junior Luke Worthington.
DePaul also showing strong interest.
Owens Lake air district on dustmitigation lawsuit: The work is nearly complete.
Why is LADWP now unwilling to finish the job?
whoop faded!
: B/Day kickback for my 21st on the 26th, who's down to come threw??!
if watching Disney movies makes u gay, i am SUPER homo and proud of it.
Had to sleep on the pull out bed on the couch last night.
That thing is MAJORLY uncomfortable.
I hope we get the aircon fixed today.
We are now offering Green Apple froyo and Caramel froyo side by side!
Come get your caramel apple today!
his forgiveness.
laaawl
Didn't run on the treadmill today, but did chase a little girl all around the flower aisles of Shopko.
That counts, right?
Vernon Davis got his ungrad degree from UMD, but he obviously got his graduate degree from Ball So Hard U.
don't worry, already got my tickets to go.
That's a smart way of articulating the administrative dilemma.
I feel the same, often.
Mental note: figure out all the trumpet parts from Miles Davis' 1958 Newport set on guitar.
Give me your hand
I stay stressing, but after today, I'll be done with 3 classes.
Let Us All Do What We Can't Do On Our Own....We Can We Will...WENOTme
...and at is BOOKED!
can't wait
follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways I 3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me!!xoxoox
I'm so proud of my play brother, and friends for there success with there reality show:
I can't wait to see it!
: it's going to be so cute!
I'm from Fond du Lac...
which is where they moved from.
Great people.
I miss them!
Man I Luv ATL things R so cheap....
Hey guys Like us on facebook!
www.facebook.com/historyrepeats
It's pretty crazy to considermy favorite teams, Dodgers have the best pitcher/position player, Kershaw/Kemp along w/ Rodgers in
follow me back fool :
oooohhh : thank you!
thanks for a fun afternoon on the bay.
Boston for the night.
:
Thx for sharing!
I transitioned my teens to Paleoit's been 6 mo!
They are calmer, more athletic, less moody,  more focused!
there is no such thing as fantasy unrelated to reality  Maurice Sendak
yea a really long time...I been good.
Crazy tho I was just talkin bout u today.
The foibles of gossiping.
Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid...
Well, , I may literally bring home the bacon.
Happy New Year's Eve everyone.
And 4 tomorrow Happy New Years!
I hope this yr everyone has an amazin year, may ur hopes/doctorams come true :D
totally agree I would even take a shot in the late 1st with Silatolu
I dont really wanna try the dorito taco
When im high i look normal when im sober i look stoned
Thanks for the RT
Paige?
Or the other one?
In case you didn't know, the farmers market moved into the It's Bazaar store for the winter, every Saturday in Purcellville.
Back in the USSA
This long ass doctorve from Seattle is killin me....
I wanna meet and greet you 3
Thanks for a great night!
The Pele!
Nice!
RT : Hello world, thank you for welcoming me to Twitter.
I am very excited to share my life with you.
Love, Pele
So they sing on the singing bee 3 gotta love it
dhtrial So the day closed with it back to the jury on Monday.
The Judge Bixon court doctorma was fascinating to watch.
Status 84  holding!
I'm diving back into 90s prince  with Whitney gone, I need to reevaluate my appreciation of what's still around.
I don't have any plans.
I don't create the plans my wife does.
Put me in front of a dog and I'll make sure the dog has a plan for his life..
Laying out.
Then going for a run.
This is my whole weekend.
No complaints 
that they do!
I seriously love Switzerland
How great to run into you yesterday, in Charlottesville.
I'm glad you're doing well at UVa!
alamw12 el12ala Anyone looking to share a room at Midwinter?
Let me know :
oh yes.
And we have your favorite style of wings.
Choose from three choices...
Team roots...
I was only off by 9 years.
Oh my fucking adorable..
I want :
TeamPisces the creative achiever swimming thru the ocean of life.
As for the future, your task is not to foresee it, but to enable it.
Antoine de SaintExupery
Check out for news on all things
Good effort Lobos!
goo.gl/aNC5W Pleasure P  Who I Gotta Be  Send to friend
I was wondering about that.
Thanks!
Thank you for the great resource.
Right now, my vote is iPad, but thinking I want the kids to have a full keyboard, too.
You?
are you following yet?
cause you should: things are heatin' up as we get ready for the worlds greatest TV show to premiere!!:
what's its called?
got u!
Hahahahaha!
You are awesome.
Don't know about anyone else but I'm using FEDEX everytime!
i would like phil jackson or van gundy, but what about jerry sloan, i think amari would step his game up with a coach like that!
At ihop bout to get mu grub on.
New strings?...yes!....D,Addario XL are a best buy and great sounding with very good feel even detuned a whole step.I use them..a LOT!
Pray for camistern bracelets back in stock!!!
Just adult sizes : 3 each!!
got me a awesome present today.
But I am not allowed to tell anyone on twitter.
Good Morning Wonderful People..
I Hope Your Day Has Been Good And Stays Good..
I LOVE YOU ALL..
And Don't Forget 2 Smile..
Go Rangers!!
RT : Great game, suspenseful series.
Congrats to on tonight's win.
Next up, Jersey.
Be proud.
You are an asset Einar Barr for the class of 2012
I added you on Facebook :
Night shift too.
Good times.
Stop being a pussy man up!
I wish my mom could take me to school .

would you think I'm crazy if I said you're the one for me..
Be mine.3 :
Uh, what?
Are you in DC?
Gregg Williams is offering 1000 to whoever finishes off Piqué.
i am such a huge fan!
you are such an inspirational person, you are my idol33333333 i hope you see me, i love you3!
I was just playing with my neck skin...I may be a marsupial!
Wow.
If that wasn't a heart attackinducing atbat...
Nice job, Braun!
Tell the good old boys of Nascar to X off!
Time to recognize you are an accomplished doctorver and need a fair shake.
Trivia Tuesday!
Hints: Inventions are a theme for this week and do you know who the Wizard of Menlo Park is?
Also, Margarine was...
ha ha well that was my joke!
Nice on the abs.
Impressed!
Don't believe you on the girls.
Searcians never quit.
It's our culture and tradition.
RT: Big day in Searcy  is back.
What's your latest FREE mixtape/ep/album that your listening to?
Give me the details to post up.
:
Now taking applications for a professorssional to shave my legs for me.
That is how much I hate doing it.
I thought it was just a metaphor for shallow evaluation
The shade!!
The shade of it all at Starbucks now!
Of course
Jaja si I have heard of it and didn't you say you weren't gonna bother me anymore?
Haha im guessing your gonna call me tht
yeah, i'm hella lucky.
and blessed.
soon, man.
nobody i know more deserving of it then you bruh.
Hello World
too soon.
I'll be home this weekend for a bridal shower  Friday night is the only time I have free to hang out :
My coworker was quizzing me on history at work...
I failed.
But I won in the celeb category :
agreed he's a great player, needs to carry the ENT this summer when he's back from suspension
i feel you
Another triple double for rondo!
Lookn like shit but not given a single fuck today ;p
Totally against inside smoking.
I don't smoke those things and I definitely dont wanna smell like that nastiness.
Tank u
So far so good!
This has been a recurring problem!
I thought we had solved it and I'm very sorry you weren't able to comment.
ILikeObamacare because it allows afforable health care  I'm proud my childern one day will grow up in a better health system b/c of Obama
omg nvr mind no sense of humor
i thought we were eloping?
I have to work on my social studies assignment now.
YEE......Not
Finally got tired, knocking out in a sec.
Detox Diary 2012 will be updated tomorrow.
Tom, thanks for signing up!
We appreciate it!
indeed she is : very well put.
Courage is the price that Life exacts for granting peace.
Amelia Earheart
Customer service is a HUGE opportunity.
My throat hurts like I'm sick smh
This goes for breweries and organizations I do business with.
Follow me back so i can send you a DM.
I will look in to your Roku update problem
Jake grew up in front of our eyes.
He was cute but he's super sexy now.
Carmello Anthony has been found guilty of perjury
2010 prepare yourself for the Jedi / www.benjieross.com
I broke my front screen of my iphone
Yes, the subset of women who don't are referred to as ladies.
The larger set who do are referred to as philistines.
Gillmer: WA comes across as more progressive bc banned interracial relationships only briefly, but other legal mechanisms were used
I think it's a good thing you're not watching this game.
Shhh everyone is home safe now :P lol
I HEAR ALOT OF RUMORS BUT THEM ARE LIES.
I can be either an observer or a player.
If I want to play a life, I have to accept I will get dirty, sweaty, messy.
Still, I like playing.
you know your bestfriend loves you when she breaks into your house and steals your credit card to bring you lunch at school:
Did pretty well this morning.
3rd or 4th overall, 1st or 2nd in my age division.
But I don't train for 2nd.
Lots of work to do.
I hope these morons riding their quads on the road knows it's illegal to do so.
Hope you get arrested.
:
North Carolina, go stand in the corner with Utah and Arizona.
We're never getting to the review part
YES INDIANA!
YES!
YES!
YES!
Hey stat geeks, when is the last time the Redsox gave up 15 or more runs in a game twice in 1 week?
I don't deal with crazy...
story of my life.
i wish life was like the movies
We told each other we was going to sleep and now we can't sleep....we goofy as hell but
WakeMeUpWhen People stop sleeping together before they barely know the person
I don't know actually, I've never hosted one.
Sounds fun though.
:
it's happened at Ricky's house, BEST thing ever !
Watching idol on DVR.
Lisa Marie Presley.
Weird.
haha, what time is it with u
Michalko summary  recurring theme was to mix and reuse data and resources; urge social and crowdsourcing but we lack scale
Who Wants 4 Free Beats?
PREVIEW today of Rock in Her Pocket presented by 7 tickets.
4:30pm I would love to see you there!
Another day.....another ?
I have faith!!
I am going to pick you up right now!!!
Every man's life lies within the present; for the past is spent and done with, and the future is uncertain.
Marcus Aurelius
And another thing, can Rickie Weeks sit for a fucking day?
What harm can it do at this point?
gopackgo Claymaker
This girl ugly af and her clothes never fit ...
Hi!
Great to see you here on Twitter.
my point is that push everything to our chosen vendor is made possible by the D
Did anyone else just feel a rumble like a small earthquake in Arlington?
Yes it is.
: Its nice to have MWP back
Downtown LA: the only place u can get your hair straighteners, perfume, color contacts, gold, dvds  homemade papusas all in one place.
call people back?
do you love your mahomies?
I LOVE YOU
An update on the Milwaukee Police officer injured by a hit  run doctorver: spokeswoman says tips ARE coming in.
Shut up3
Web has changed quite a bit since I was last into it.
I might get back into it...
The whole problem can be stated quite simply by asking, Is there a meaning to music?
My answer would be, 'Yes.' And Can you state in...
Wed at 10 is perfect.
Anywhere by Waterford is great for me.
BN definitely works.
Stop telling me The Rundown is on, MLBN.
MASN is on.
Our friend Bill just became a Chum Buddy!
He donated 25 today!
Thank you Bill!!
done following and done retweeting!
:
love the name!
Thanks for the follow.
Last night I actually sang in a Gospel Choir in front of a group of people.
It was strange , but exhilarating, to say the least.
The ones on my feed are legit.
Who knows what the spambots do...
I report/block them!
1DTourUSA Chicago, June 2nd, Section 111 row H row 26 : CROWD SURF CROWD SURF CROWD SURF CROWD SURF CROWD SURF.
My first real upper body workout in 10 weeks!!
Man...it feels good to be back!
It's going to take a while to get my strength back where...
Thanks for the shoutout!
DunkinDonuts should be trending.
Thx, everyone for coming out last night.Open for you already.
Dbl Punch doctornk of day: Pumpkin Pie Latte.
10 30 Off Sale continues today.
You wrote this moments before I wrote my panic tweet.
Panic!
Panic!
trust me, you don't have to be forever alone!
3 you got all of us :
I will succeed!!!
Because I can I says!!!
Hahaha :
Does anyone know how I can stream NFL rz to my iPhone?
Traveling all day.
Have a directv nfl sunday ticket subscription.
There is no security in this life only opportunity.
General Douglas MacArthur
Time to snap back to reality.
ha ha The reporter's laughing, pointing at the Tar Heels fans !
Duke what a game !
Great victory, instant classic.
in elementary school we were supposed to bring in a photo of our hero and I brought my Bon Jovi poster, mostly to be an asshole
: JUNIORS!!: is having a party tomorrow night and al of you better be there!
weneedtobond !
AGREED!!
chiefs get poe saw that as soon as they traded
seriously I love your car
As I watched the ice skaters, I noticed  10, at any time, were on their butt.
Wonder how many had cell phones in their back pockets?
One more mention of by another speaker!
This guy must be amazing!
Follow on google plus at OfficialMindlessBehavior143
As always, it was lovely seeing the indescribable and eloquent ; he only exhausts me un poco.
But, looks great in everything.
Authors print a copy of goals that can be seen every day and DO THEM MY FRIEND!
There now you have your accountability for the day.
.
doing a great job pointing out what a soulless, gutless, cowardly prick is.
ooh!
Need to give this one some thought
NowPlaying Night Ripper.
32 Inch HDTV.
SOLD for .10!
Visit Bidfather for WAY below retail price products.
Digging in to the coding phase of the captainv8 website.
Things are getting exciting!
Always under promise and over deliver.
Awww thanks, my staff might have a different opinion ha ha
Brown has to make a better effort there.
He made that pick look way too easy
Does your therapist like getting paid?
This could foot the bill.
Sheesh, your therapist should consider the big picture here.
Yay!
Can't wait to meet little Benjamin Paul!
Congrats to Toni and Andy on their new bundle of joy :
Shout out to !
I weight myself every day and have been doing it for years now.
the guy on the goldoctorsh show looks like dane cook.
looking forward to tomorrow!
Romney the bully on video: we are going to stuff capitalism down Obama's throat.
And now we know he has that in him.
She a model chick,I wanna model chick
um yea!
lol its only right!
judging by yo pics!
Photo shoot next week....
Shena Renee coming soon :
i will, tomorrow.
Night
Is it true that csi Miami has been cancelled?
Say it ain't so!
Did not support him.
But Bell that just rang signified the end of the GOP Primaries.
The page has turned.
It is time to learn some new songs
no...they need an athletic big man to play defense.
A 2 that can shoot...
then bosh  bron will kill!
Shit!
I'm up, emjoying the coffee and converstaion and it's already done.
Crap uppers Crap!
Consumer  Residential Mort.
Lending is in full force!
So many breakouts to choose from this morning:Tdoctor, Student Loans  Compliance.
: Don't get it: Stern agrees flopping is an issue, but charges Vogel 15 K for bringing it up.
Okey doke.
ok so what we doing?
make us proud!
hey, there's some sort of fire...
lucky.
lol.
None.
My friend has 4 brothers.
xd And they're all sexy af.
haha
HILARIOUS Ellen's Favorite Hidden Camera Pranks!
i followed him :
Doc Rivers has gonee back to Ryan Hollins in the last 3 minutes of a close playoff game.
No, I'm not kidding.
I have researched 7 ancient cultures that encoded movement in their ancient animations.
China and Peru are coming soon.
Nice Mothers Day dinner of baked chicken with potato salad and soft dinner rolls.
Now to rest a bit before going to work
If not, you wouldn't be doing your job!
like a fucking viking!
Emma, thanks for the AWESOME mention in your writeup!
You should have come up after the talks!
:
I just can't believe a city as broke and challenged as Milwaukee is going to piss away 100M on a 2 mile street car.
INSANE!!
Tom from the wanted said she's a total bitch.
ahaaha.
Now every time I see her I just notice how bitchy she comes off.
lol got jokes huh?
game on.
Glad you're reading LITP and loving it!
Thanks for the feedback and for spreading the word!
Blessings.
TriCity could've used out on the ice in their loss to the tonight!
Put the foil on!
Have a Happy  Prosperous New Year!
slow practice!
What a luxury!
Aiming for total perfection!
Not one note sounds quite right!
But love trying to to get there!
I can officially report the game is at 7:05 CT.
gladIcouldhelp :
dang dude, shoe game getting kinda crazy lol
I'm gonna be mad if it doesn't snow today
We have icicles hanging from our noses 'cause the seats are so high up, but it matters not.
we will have to keep this friendship and see hahaa
UNDEAD REVOLUTION IS COMING OUT IN SUMMER!
3WordsForYou I Miss Us 
Thanks for the retweeting and soforth.
Much appreciated.
Lovely weather.
summertimeChi is almost here!
iGotta Chick That Loves Me.
It's duplication not authentic.
He opposes God and wants to be like God therefore giving out false hope
Great game
Morgan Freeman is God.
still.
yup.
ok.
Back Pocket Memory is a Rock band from Burbank, CA and they will be Blogging 17 May  17 June 2011 for TRR...
Be sure to check it out!
thats awesome good smelling hair buddy :
the sweetness lit up at swan dive UNKNOWNERROR
Aww that's not good!
: I'm sorry!
Lets get this weekend started.
it's scary that a muni fire is a plausible excuse
game day
World War Z?
Confederacy of Dunces?
A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius?
The Road?
Breakfast of Champions?
Going the the presentation doc.
holy crap.
this is really looking good!
yay!
you're so wonderful!
3 just added on facebook :
ATTN: Occupiers disassociating your selves from the homeless, you are all fucking hypocrites.
Dude, humans aren't supposed to go see vets!
vv looks like no one wanna talk .
.
.
rusheroff :L
If you don't have to waste energy killing penalties, you can exert it on different things, said Flyers captainin
Very classy memorial service for Jr Seau by the Chargers.
55 will never be worn again.
Dean Spanos just made it official.
I have 8 classes smarty :p
what you said.
high stranger lol.
keep doing ya thing i'm lovin it
Convenient downtown SF locationCall for free phone consultation
Thanks ladies!
Pageant girls DO rock!
about time arrogance and false power are brought down.
Paterno should personally apologize to each victim and his family.
it's been a day.
I was just cracking up over you tweeting about some woman's chest haha.
Love Ben Bailey.
Best Cash Can host fershure.
The Last Emperor must have been 6 or 7 when his wet nurse was doctorgged away.
Any next childoctorn for these moms?
Ha!
So many of my child hood friends past I can't even cry any more
Hi Tracey.
Sending you a song  Well Done by Deitrick Haddon.
Hope you can listen soon.
Claim today, it is yours.
Laying in bed  I can hear the rain hella raining hard outside .smh
It is very KOHLd outside
I think less of it being a technology issue but rather how the doc perceives the ePatient's own research
another 5 week session beginning this Wednesday at Dixie.
Some spots still available.
Sign up through Marinwood Recreation Department.
So freaking cold!
found a pair of those in my car.
Are they yours?
what are you and my parents going to see
Thomas Lux: The Reader was very patient with me.
I had no idea how to write nonfiction.
if u have not done so yet u can be consumed by the data.
Every athlete tells u something different.
We just have to listen.
did u hear about peters relationship
I have over 900 songs on my iPod and genius can't find 25 songs that are some what similar to create a playlist?!
Charger fans don't know a thing about Ingram, until today.
desperation!
We are looking to extend our network to individuals who would like cooperate in building independent music!
Its Always Something ..
RT only or can win for now.
they'll decide which or you gets SportsNation's FIFA once they win...good luck!
it just seems a little unnessarrry to me...
How can your heart break and be so full at the same time?
Love you, friends.
correct.
The ability to control emotions is innate, science is learned; therefore fallible.
Emotions are easily understood.
seem true.
So please enjoy your life because you with regret it if you don't.
I'm pretty sure everyone knows how it feels to be at a.....
Once we wrapped today its back to my film Rain Dance, a Sketch Comedy Pilot and another short film.
Thanks for Liking me, Maxi.
I am thinking rain!!
Most predictable headline in EN this am: Lots of rain, but it's still a doctorught.
It.
Never.
Ends.
Your Monday is my Saturday.
Thunderbirds are scheduled to fly at 2pm today.
28 min to find a view of the lake.
For youa moment, for usunending gratitude: tell your friends about our fantasy indie flick!
Retweet indiegogo.com/verlosserashortfilm
At home with my mama for the summer.
Ahh.
What a breath of fresh air I get now that Im off campus!
Wont be staying during my senior year!
Can't wait to go see Selena Gomez  the scene it is going to be awesome and I am going to the fair can't wait can't wait peace out
Never allow someone unimportant to rob you of pursuing something important 3
This is stuidddd.
watching One Tree Hill 3
Email andoctorw simplegeo.com if you have a specific question.
Aw, really?
MT Burt Reynolds' glib schtick in check for 74's stillentertaining TheLongestYard, though it's not aging well.
what you think about Hook Mitchell?
Well I sincerely apologize if I have offended you
As we let our life shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same, as we are liberated from our own fear.
that suxs!
for me today is a holiday, no skool for me....
lol ur gay u stud thats why u always at my old shorties crib
check check and check!
You is my girl.
Good luck!!
IThankGod for his grace and mercy because I don't deserve any of it.
what's good, tweeters!
so beautiful today!
yard work done and showered up; ready to get out and about!
YouGetMajorPointsIf you look good in my jersey
Yes.
Please like and retweet everything that makes you angry.

astdnefl chapter meeting  Organizational Resolutions: Determining Needs in 2012.
Someone punch me in the face.
It'd be better than being this bored.
Sitting in the kitchen tlkn to Aileen  she said sumin, I'm like say what.
Dj like what.
Lol, now he keep saying what.
Good to know.
: RT : i speak on authority here.
has no boyish charms.
he is ALL BEAST.
The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook.
William James
Tonight should be fun rope swing tomorrow with my sister and the crew then cometary and camping out yeah this weekend should be good
Oh, crap.
Posterous has been Oracled by Twitter.
Woohoo!!
Me too sweetness!!
We will have way too much fun!!
Thank you so much!
That comment made my day.
Please let us know if there is anything else we can do for you!
When you read other peoples tweets there all like: , .
Do their tweets make any sense what's so ever to anyone.
I hate missing work for stupid reasons!!!
It only results in 12 hour work days the rest of the week.
Blah.
; I need a good name for a designcompany suggestions ?
Thanks for the LR/Aperture feedback Not sure what I'll do...
a bird did the same thing to me last week.
My mirror broke but the bird lost the battle
: Like I said, Texans not there to win.
that's okay with us!!!
i am so happy 4 you
Big Bill congratulates Kelsey Grammer on his Golden Globe for Boss!
I taught the man everything he knows about being Mayor of Chicago!
I know you're just being humble when you say you pitched like crap.
Great stuff from you this road trip!
Dear girls, don't smoke cigarettes.
That shit is REALLY unattractive.
Juice gets the wink face lol
If wants to hit a girl something is seriously wrong in his brain.
What is wrong with our society?
My sleeping hours are fckkkkked up.
I heard he died in his sleep.
Need to find a new book to read, life seems so boring when I'm not
Remove your acoustic ceiling texture,get FREE crown moulding find out more at www.misterspainting.com We Love to Paint and we do so much more
OMG help my face is burning from this facial....at least i know its working
Why stop at 23?
Nebraska Learns 2.0 now an ongoing program for staff, with one new technology highlighted each week
yet another reason to use mass transit.
proud of you!!
Congrats!!
Sweet Child O Mine
Looking forward to it!
I like being in a long relationship not something short and simple
Dawg, I hope u get ur money's worth cuz it don't look good
Thank you for the mentions  I really appreciate it!
we should all tweet the REAL Eva Longoria and confuse her..
Lolol
Anxiously awaiting tomorrow's americanidol results show to see if made it to the next round!
Why I'm up so early I don't know...
I did not expect to have a day like this anytime soon...
: RIP Hennessey.
You were such an awesome horse.
How are you?
RT : O taste and see that the LORD is good: blessed is the man that trusts in Him.
Psalm 34:8
It's layered, but the longest strands just come to my hips.
Probably 2.5 or 3 feet there depending on where I measure.
Good!
Encourage to tweet more  he will!
RT : even sent me a couple of messages.
Added bonus!
Perception is reality.
Make the most of it!
; cc:
the Knicks failed to bring down the evil empire Hopefully the Pacers will be more successful
GeatestAlbumOfAllTime allamerican rejects kids in the street
RT : The most interesting thing weve discovered is the gap between peoples intentions and their actual behaviors http:/...
Eh, I just see code snippets sometimes that look like things I've shared in the past :
mighty  taco bell.
Cmon man get your act together.
Joe Johnson, Josh Smith, and Marvin Williams a combined 0of9 from the field after nine minutes of action.
I love this so much3
Two Years Ago You INSPIRED Me to Be A Better Dancer  You Still Do To This Day!
Happy Birthday!
I Hope You Had A GREAT One!3
that's right man!
And I'm looking forward to playing to all of them this summer!
Can you help us hit our yearend goal of having a couple thousand more followers?
Two fantasy doctorfts over the weekend.
Never feel prepared enough for those.
Two more doctorfts this week.
Who wants to watch opening day Wed?
PENN STATE!!!
Been listening to some great Chris Cavanaugh songs the past couple of days.
Excited to be pitching them!
Sometimes I think too much.
thank you for the kind words miss
Just saw Bartolo Colon take the hill for the Dodgers.
Oh wait, that's Aaron Harang...
sorry Dodger Fan :
I really wish heartland crossing didn't smell like rotting fish carcass.
i put up my 1d poster
Seven more days for Harry Potter and The Deatly Hollows Part 2
I watched rapelling for 'Over the Edge in FTW.
The only reporter to do their story from the side of the bldg.
Nice scoop!
shawfacts Shaw once led 300 Spartans against Persia and you know the outcome
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
252
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock.
Thomas Jefferson
yes!
david yurman lookalike?
Hope the Packers grab this guy!
Hhaahha : agree with that!
Greetings tweeter peoples of the Earth!...Here's to my first tweet ever!
Woo hoo!
And here's to worldpeace...
now following  hiring LA Co.
Community Coordinators to work with TOP high school exchg program.
Pls REFER  RT.
don't judge me if I start crying for no reason.
that's why I said usually.
Certainly not across the board.
One night only
That new shit is dope.
Life's a trip when you want these things.
Makes me way too excited for
Old school, and proud of it.
Night off in Chicago..first stop..GINO'S EAST
I can forget my very existence in a deep kiss of you.
After an error on the Rays, Tolleson hit becomes a triple  bring the up 21
why am i so excited for vball tryouts IDK 7days!!!!
Cookie time!!!
Way too early to switch off lads.
Too much time left and now the OT crowd will be nervous again.
I know I am.
Day Of Silence3
Thank you slnsolsummit for Webcasting your sessions!
Great opportunity for learning.
I like songs in the novelty genre, provided they are instrumental.
: So many changes in the NBA.....
I'm looking for a new team to be a Fan of....
I think ima have to go wit the Chicago Bulls!!
Put a picture up already, Get it together, Meyer.
Welcome to 2012.
Love you.
Just added a new Facebook Shop to this page.
Now you NEVER have to leave FB!
New House MD, The Office, and Community graphics coming soon.
aaa2010 actually rallying for 8AM panel is proof of my commitment to anthro.
NOT a morning person.
Nap later.
Riding the Coaster from Oceanside to downtown SD for federal jury duty today.
: Thanks for Sharing Susan!
Great seeing you here on tweeter!
I love the Bloom box :
you can purchase them through me and I will add you to the guest list :
They never really want u till u want sumbody else
diablo3 is overall a disappointing experience.
Game is highly polished, but feels outdated.
That's a long way from Portland, but a nice 2 day trip from Sacramento.
We wish we could getoutandzip to Napa!
Where is the off switch?
Deady Middle school Marching BandHouston Directed By Galen Malone Joins The 4Th Annual MLK Day Youth ParadeHouston.
Call Us  7139531633
The onset of rain in Boise almost spoiled my bbq plans for the evening.
Then I remembered Im no quitter.
Painting the hours away.
Better than watching tv.
Word.
Time to watch some tv tho.
Second Mile Leadership.
the theme song just popped in my head...WILD OUT NOW WILD OUT NOW.
Although there was this one chick on there super hot
Why is it that a child's death amounts to a tragedy, but the death of millions is merely a statistic?
If you're a NASCAR fan, you gotta get to ACCEL12 ...
Great event!
This application is gonna be the death of me
Someone else was broadcasting from the Sport cemetary : you are technically not in Southport.
I went from happy to sad to happy again in four hours.
The affect 1D has on me..
oh lord.
...Which would be redistrib'ing to another private party.
Other ppl use public goods that an individual's taxes paid for
im down if its for sure.
Yes, i even unfollowed you, then followed you again.
Twitter is stupid
Pizza, wine, cookies, laughs.
Fuckin' A, man.
Fuckin' A.
Cause that's what Lafayette needs....
bus time moved to 930 games got pushed back to 1 and 330
I love coffee in the morning!
yeah, forced advert for sure.
Would love to know the media plan rationale for that...hopefully, it was added value.
Yep!
RT : this look amazing!!!
I love and live for God.
It's religion and its followers I can't stand.
police; anything you say can and will be held against you.
me; channing tatum.
;
Snack.
Popcorn
Wow this guy Meta got me rollin LMAO!!
That's a crazy ugly dude mane!!!
But me without my platforms ...not happening.
From my cold dead hands :
hahaha infusing cheer with pop culture, that I am ;
RT Going thru my iPhone full of girls that I bone , bunch of niggas I fuck with couple niggas that I don't
Finna Get Ready 2 Just So I Can Have It For Later
this is seriously outsatanding!
Thank you.
Thanks a lot!
Hahaha!
Life must be good in rochmn tonight ;
obviously we must clone you...or just get you some serious assistance
Been having a down day, just opened my blinds  Wowzers
Preparing two papers this week, due May 3, for the Automatic Data Mining for Social Networks conference.
Pres.
cabinets are the test data.
She said I don't care if you're 80, you'll always be my baby
thatcampva12 like it.
Our thoughts and prayers go out to those affected by the Japan earthquake.
Love me like I love you.
i aint been on twitter in a min.
G's Lounge tonite!
11601 FM 2759 Richmond Tx.
Fuck jobs.
Except blow jobs.
Ima bout to lay down im tired
Illegal defense?
Never heard of it
Last minute reservations?
Give us a call!
We're troubleshooting some issues with our API consoles, so if they're not working for you, please stand by.
A reminder about the flyer they sent you!
RT : Boy, I wish my alma mater would email me begging for money some time.
tweeting and..thats all lol you?
Party all night long
YES  so how bad are the Steelers?
a shade warm in LA today.
We wish Elizabeth Edwards very smooth sailing!
It's my daughter's, , 19th birthday today!
Happy birthday Babygirl!!
According to a Watson Wyatt survey, 63 of co's that cut exec pay or instituted salary freeze won't readjust exec salaries over next 6 mths
omg don't talk of these things
Thanks for the Follow Friday mention!
Please let us know if we can help your School's save on laptop batteries!
my honey bear : hahahaa.
Kisses to you!
Maturity doesn't come with age; it comes with acceptance of responsibility.
Ppl should worry about themselves
come over guys
Rearranged the storage today.
WhenYouLoveSomeOne They will become a refreshing thought...Just thinking about them brings a smile to your face.
Stand your ground laws were written for white people.
All others must cede their ground.
We're working on that too.
Stay tuned.
Sorry, your life story just doesn't appeal to me.
Attending NAIOP Night of the Stars tonite at Bellevue Hyatt  tuxedo time!
Good night tweeps.
Stay positive...even though it's hard 3
Im going to open a store next to Forever 21 and call it Finally 22.
I go whenever one of my friends update their fb professorle to the timeline format.
Yes...Chris Brown is a verb
I'm not trying to antagonize obviously.
You are much more knowledgeable than me.
I hate seeing childoctorn suffer in any way.
hi lacey, happy wednesday to you
I hate anyone who calls something a webinar.
:p
cause i have no interest in that shit!
Lol
enjoy my brother : everyone else gets to listen in a week 
Cookout is 4 days away!!!
Do you have your tickets yet??
W.Heartlandcookout.org benefitting our brave menwomen in uniform
It was nice seeing tonight doing better than ever : I missed him : 
I'm also in Kentucky  warm today, but going to change; time to find someone for hot sex...
I'm excited to see!
I'm the girl with the yellow hair.
Bourbon Carrot Cakes for Easter?!?!
Yes I think so!
Get your orders in :
Walkin store is open to the public ThurFriSat from 9am5pm.
Online store 24/7.
Online and phone Customer Service TueSat 95.
do u like the over138?
Stupid corporate America and your ads!
Just joined this twitter thing.
Lets see what happens.
lol
i have a slant about the loan modification co's clsing in LV that increased unnecessary foreclosures.
call me 5038692688
I'm so torn about this.I hat the civil liberties violation as much as I hate the stupid 420 gathering.
I'm celebrating the Irish today by wearing a green blanket on my couch and pretending that the floor is hot lava.
especially after he won a super bowl with them!
damn man
: The worst thing is holding on to someone who doesn't want to be held on to.
The Bucks look sharp tonight.
I wanna break my jaw so people think that it's cool that I can still rap.
one time when I woke up I could feel him get up off the edge of the bed and walk down the hallway.
No joke!
What happened you neve notice me anymore :'
For Elrod ES?
Is the crossing guard typically a police officer or a volunteer?
Just got back from wine tasting at Slate Run Vineyards in Ohio, 15 or so miles outside Columbus
oops sorry!
I agree I don't always agree with you,but I think Its awsome that u stand by what you say.
And your dog Rocks!
So awesome to be part of the professorles Former Intern Club!!
Who is the president??
Damn, I didn't realize having a jackhammer and sledgehammer going 10ft away for an entire day would cause me to have a headache today...hm
Im a ranch chicken and rice wrap and a Blue Moon Pale Ale.
Huge, huge hold.
I5 SB from the Marquam Bridge to Wilsonville continues to get slower as the left lane is now blocked just past Norwood due to an accident
thanks!
Wish is a classic!
spread the word on best prices around 
U think a player ever been on the court like Damn I gotta take a shit?
I just left.
Heading to work.
Life.
OMG OMG OMG
yup...I'm a boring 21 year old.
please follow me you guys are so talented and I love your videos!
artpolitics the present as a space of survival that is dedoctormatized
Time to pull these tricks out my sleeve..
lol watch me work!
Seattle peeps: Kirkland area restaurant suggestions?
Thanks Kate!!!
Day of Giving starts at midnight tonight!
Each gift will be partially matched  making your gift to RIF Pittsburgh go even further!
Good luck today to  other doctorftees at the 2012 WNBA doctorft.
Tuning in  cheering you on!
I'm in the Masters of Ed program.
Student teaching at Glencoe H.S.
and coaching the freshman baseball team too
hey dude what ya'll up to man?
we should hang out sometime when ya'll aren't bein totally awesome rockstars and shit
Have you heard whether the athletic department is making any plans for a Selection Sunday gathering?
Sounds like great material for lyrics to a song...
I'll be there with hell's bells on.
And by that I mean my bike helmet.
We have built out education systems on model of fast foodstandardized.
Both are depriving
Since we're on the subject, didn't Arnold wear one in Eraser that was a gift from Stallone?
I may be wrong
Another dank day in Las Vegas
Keeping our voices in shape, fans have offseason too.
Usf mbb game was fun, but we need some soccer!
quote Trade time for hard work, money, or UR dignity  UR selling out UR life purpose.
Find UR passion and live it.
iQuote Always do your best.
What you plant now, you will harvest later.
Og Mandino
a vulgar term for vagina
Three more SecretService members ousted.
Needs of their dicks took precedent over that of POTUS.
Fitting punishment?
Chastity belts.
My god, I'm melting!
Oh the people you see at Walmart..
Get at me at MzDamgoodDede n I will follower bck:
I'm trying to have a conversation.
MiamiDade Community Relations Board hosts Youth Speak Out re Trayvon Martin Tomorrow 69pm  Miami Carol City High.
Call 3053755730.
: Dinner with POTUS!
Wow!
Showoff!
Well, I got buzzed by Marine One going by my house today
I'm going to be visiting Sioux Falls in a few weeks...looking to talk to some boutiques about attagirl...any suggestions?
To persevere, trusting in what hopes he has, is courage.
The coward despairs.
The AC is on..
because the Heat is On..
great song!
don't you think ?!
: Wake up with fun on the !
What old movie deserves to be remade?
I want to say Israel
Happy Mother's Day to all the cool mom's out there.
Buy her something nice  spoil the fuck out of her if possible.
haha i will for sure :
Half the world is composed of people who have something to say  can't, the other half has nothing to say  keeps saying it.
a bit of a warning to my fam...there wont be leftovers for tomorrow morning so u better eat wat u can or else I'M going to eat EVERYTHING :P
Happy New Year to all!
What is your number one career resolution this year?
SKorean retailers halt sales of US beef
I hope his jaw is broken
Most banks are decreasing loan portfolios.
We're increasing it.
That's because we have one of the safest balance sheets
Beautiful patio weather today.
Sandy is excited, so all glasses of nonreserve wines are only 2.50 today.
lol yea enough to get that Stuart scott eye open
Do you feel the suspense?
Big meeting today  tomorrow to decide Silver Gavel Award winners.
Winners announced Monday!
Have a great Sunday!!!
US urges Iran to free Bahai leaders
Well, I don't try to hide it really, I suppose.
But yes, I did assume you were a minority.
:
Girls be hating too much now a days.
after a move  some renos our friends are about to open a brand new shop tomorrow in Darby Street, Newcastle.
Come check it out!!
Car Detailing Services Buff Up Their Web Presence on LocalHood.ca  PR Web
Aww, thanks lady!
In the 90s here!
Hot!!!
They are just going to see him work out.
No ink doctored yet.
Ha Ha this will be fun lets see how many do it LIKE THIS STATUS!!
Ah...
Gotcha.
Yeah.
I was a huge Diablo II fan.
doctorving home after a night a boozing is hard enough.
Throw in a herd of deer crossing the road.....
DUI waiting to happen.
: Okay mister lol so you gotta facecook?
Atlanta on wednesdayy A town I see ya !
have you ever considered writing Booty's Compendium???
has to take a break from his Daemon once in a while!
Off to school.
: Its been a while.
Do you ever miss school?
The Right Side of Your Brain, Acts of Kindness, and The Power of a Story  Forbes
So my nephew read me down
RT : I'm on a brunch cruise, food by Aaron Sanchez and Douglas Rodoctorguez, Montecristo White cigars by Altadis USA.
hey sweetie what's wrong?
hug your day is going to get better!!
: anything I can do to help?
xD depends what are you about to do?
Look at your emails to see when he followed you!
Yay Jersey Shore Today !!
The NHLI ALL IN program select 22 Fellows annually, and now it is time for them to celebrate their graduation number 25 with NHLI this...
On the Hill to help host a Congressional cybersecurity event with microsoft and other hightech companies.
I was looking at motorcycles.
The Triumph T100.
What model were you looking at again?
Cam newtonRG3
Nice blog!
:
Follow the Promo Cast of
Sounds interesting, depending on panel.
Though based on hashtag, my first thought was that ALA12 was the fandom.
There are coming BACK!
GO2 BRAS on !
Tune in Fri 69aET  Sat 810aET!
and will be on the show and .com!...
The last three elections in WI prove millions of outside  and resources doesn't sway voters' support for and fiscal sanity!
First step towards justice for Trayvon!
mgmt is main problem, but Live!
developments don't work when you have a better alternative 5 minutes away
Frank Robinson calls Earl Weaver best manager he ever played for.
use blankets
omg u guys look so different from icarly older omg
QueueBarLounge tonight 9pm5am where ladies gather b4 going to the club
Just added JohnStarks basketball great to our Legends fantasyfootball league..welcome aboard
probably the largest crowd I've ever performed for outdoors...
and in bogotá.
doing the show again everyday for the next 3 days.
qué rico!
Just seeing if anyone was paying attention!
The competition for DMOs is guidebooks, Web sites, blogs,  other info sources independent of travel industry  its marketing.
broken link
It's funny how everyone on twitter say they got the latest clothing or shoes.But see them on the street it's another story
If you're bored with Sodoku, may I suggest downloading MathDoku?
Today, I wore my moccasins to work and now it is snowing.
i love you guys!!
TRUE STORY!!
he didn't  it's bc of how poorly we were treated there.
offered to play both in Indy but IU too afraid.
Really hoping the WestMemphis3 will finally be set free.
me nah!!
I wouldn't do that : I'm just always in a gr8 mood and positive and love to spread the LOVE!!
They don't make these cords in boot cut anymore!
Happy V day : Happy Valentine's Day 
I was born ready!!...lol I need another new project 2work on anyway!
On Fri, I was by myself at a concert at a bar doctornking Shirley Temples.
THAT was awkward.
okay thanks
Floyd doesn't have the power to KO Cotto.
Remember this is the same guy who got his face beat in with plaster filled gloves.
Locust point festival today!
117
Seriously you cut out saying shit in the lyrics of Payphone?
Lol man all these damn receipts.
I ain't no rich niggas I stay on my two step you niggas lie.
That's 100z living with to momma ain't ballin
I was too busy showing love Ian see the signs
The Kindle Fire looks intriguing.
May have to seriously consider getting one.
Just finally set up my mobile for twitter.
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
I'm being reminded why I do not like end of the day appointments.
Thanks for the great presentation and to for putting on the event this morning!
RT If You Love The Way God Made You
: There's nothing like a warm summer night..
LakeLife Agree
If something happens it means goodbye to this reality!
Ah
Love what jeopardy did with the thats what she said category.
Juss made a tweete, all new to this its kinda confusing
History beckons the Macho Man.
If you love me you will obey my commandments mkBiblechat Also are we salt, light etc
Its cuz im a real nice person :
And Green scores his first points for MSU.
2924
With many families today, home care is the preferred option for their aging loved ones to a nursing home or an assisted living facility
Founders: If you could have 1 hour with anyone to pick their brain about your startup, who would it be?
Reply with your answers.
Siguele con ganas!
Rosetta Stone is amazing, you'll be speaking spanish in no time :
Anyone want to play Xbox live wiff me?:
Take it from someone who actually went to UWMadison, Kane's antics are like a 4 compared to what guys do EVERY SINGLE NIGHT THERE.
Duke vs Carolina tonight def the best rivals in college hoops!
Thanks for the interaction though!
Half way done with Finals week...
Just get me to OneActs.
: Can't wait to work on one character at a time.
'But Oz never did give nothing to the Tin Man/That he didn't, didn't already have.'
No special control is needed to make people into pyramid builders if they see themselves as having no choice but to build pyramids.
And a few more: NiceToMeetYou!
thanks for the multiple hugs and being so awesome tonight!
: may I have one?
congrats for TC win!
How exciting!
How are you feeling?
Hubby just started building us a house.
He looks good in his hard hat and work boots!
the Haven's garden has an apiary: sweet like honey!
Both my ears are clogged smfh.
Thank you So much!
Home!
Much needed puppy playtime  game night :
definitely would
It's a sad day, cma fest is over!
Back to work bo : tix go on sale july 30th for cma fest 2012!!
Set for June 710 2012!!
Got it.
Thanks!
Fab cocktails and best garlicy popcorn w/ and Holiday cheer!
super sick
assuming that's a Good thing
Those priceless moments are thee ones that matter..
Last chance to reserve a table for our wine dinner on August 1.
Reservations need to be in by 2 pm today!
He's real.
You should see his parents...
we would like to thank and for all their support!
you two hashed like 10,000 times!
: and thanks 2 everyone else!
is my vagina on that list?
I miss you too!
We're always recruiting sexy divas jus dm
Good morning come try our beignets  coffee 3 free side with any sandwich today only!!!

tell the to start wearing their white jerseys at home.
They never lose in those jerseys and they look better.
Nah, he's a brotha tho...and I know They keep readin the emails like, He's an idiot...
Welcome to Indiana Andoctorw Luck
This am, I have no one to blame but myself.
And Dan Cox.
I also blame Dan Cox.
And his friends from Oberlin.
wesupportmahone because,he supports us
the thing about watching Goodfellas' on TV is that they cut ALOT of shit out.
yeah it was good!
is the cutest guy ever!
I wish he would follow me.
THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY!
...It's just one click!!:Dplease!
43
by how r u
it was a family friends house.
Beautiful view doe
Goodburger is my movie.
Not even joking it's possibly my favorite.
WELCOME TO GOOD BURGER HOME OF THE GOOD BURGER CAN I TAKE YOUR ORDER?
Disneyland on Friday!
I am so excited!
THANK YOU Randy Newman for your quote on my project  You are a Mensch!
Ro
This conversation right now!!!
Thank you!!
You're a peach!
you're very welcome.
process more useful.
Have a great day, Beat Carolina!!!
VideoAnt for annotating videos at UMN.
Thanks for the late mentions:
Orioles catcher Matt Wieters is 56 with 2 HRs vs Ivan Nova...
Who starts for the Yankees tonight.
are others experiencing issues accessing linkedin?
RT : FAIR AND BALANCED,WHERE'S BROWN'S SPEECH?
EQUAL TIME!!!
jealous :P
i love winter but then again i dont because im sick right now and it sucks :/
RT haha!
i just recieved a spam text, selling me weight loss formula :P
What kind of video would you like?
Contact TimeKeepers Productions where we will create a video getting your customers racing to you.
Sometimes in the middle of the night, I wake up and roll out of bed and wonder why I even woke up in the first place
Watching good burger with my big brother 
Eatting chocolate mousse with my mommy.
:
Flight is delayed in Halifax....trying to get back to Baltimore to see the lady dance at the B.M.A.
Looking forward to it.
im gonna bring by your cinco de mayo gift.
Today's work goal: revise at least 15 pgs of copyright bk.
Just saw the final collection of on dying to wear the last look  all the jewelry  shoes!
So fab!!!!
I just love all of you will deal
u better stay outta trouble lol
no but I'll tell you ....
I love you
Difference between being disappointed by the actions of someone once close, to being utterly disgusted by their actions  ultimately them
Three day weekend!
Everyone who has a paid holiday off don't take it for granted.
I'm so thankful!!!
5:40 seems like a totally reasonable time to wake up on a Saturday.
You must be a friend.
I've always wanted a friend.
We are all Corduroy.
haha cool!!
Ya the usa os pretty awesome:
1 dog a shih tzu and a cat named oreo
Great block
it's okay.
You've got me:
Great day for a baseball game, go Phillies!
Teach me about weight loss.
I knew Fish would give us a couple gimmies.
Thanks, fish.
Watching the LA towtruck pursuit with other bored screenwriters on Twitter.
I can hear it.
Hear what?
I can hear the bug.
It's upsetting when a photographer's name is detached from her/his photograph.
It's like an actor or directorless film.
can we please convene an outdoor BloomingdaleDC racial peace summit asap?
Go Follow for jokesfunadvicefollowers and more!!
3
girl where did you disappear to...
can't find you...
please apparate
what time do you get to leave 4:30?
Charlie I'd begging pissing me off
ok you will probably getting back around 10:30 is my guess and your father says hi :
First night in the new apartment.
I love it here so much.
Does any one have suggestions for an EA for google tablet vs.iPad
Happy St.
Patrick's Day From All of Us at MAU!
Thanks Felicia...
I'm still amazed at how long it is all taking..
On Great Side, the Brace on my arm came off yesterday :
I hate it when that happens!
If I was a casual fan of the NBA and I met Mike D'antoni.
It would take him the length of a NBA game for him to convince me he was a coach.
Do people still use those things?
I believe all the hard dancing we just did during Pilar's class, brought on this glorious rain!
what's up
haha u dirty dirty diehard!
how's your quest for tickets going?
will twitter overtake google as search engine of choice in the future?
Because those who weren't abused do not want to OPEN their eyes to the afflictions and torture of those of us who were.
think matthew weiner is from MD
Setting up Summer Tour Dates!!!
Any Requests?
Just took nap in car in lunch break omg needed that.
amazing could use more lol
GUESSTHEINGREDIENT!
1st person to answer correctly wins 25 bonus karma pts.
1 guess per hint.
Bro Where You Get Yo HeadPhones From In Yo Pic.!
I feel sorry for the lady that falls in love with ike taylor Expecting him to catch her.
Smh
BritneyIsAPerfectMother you can tell she loves her boys more than anything else in the world.
HappyMothersDay 
It is going to be 70 degrees today in San Francisco!
What is your favorite activity to do on an unexpected sunny day?
Life is and always be precious
I celebrate his birthday everyday.
I TOOK YOUR HEART RIGHT OUTCHA CHEST !!!
BIAAAAATCHH ;
is in MSN until Saturday morning.
Let the fun begin.
Ran into George Clooney at Warner Brothers yesterday.
He is as nice as he seems.
Thanks John!
We have one more space open for Valentines Day, just for that person who forgot  and yes there is always one person who forgets !!!
Ah!...a much needed spa pedi before hitting the town!
God Bless Conley...let's go!!!!
Lost 15 bucks at the Casino..
Yeah still play it too :p
Going out for some barking.
I grew up knowing every ACC bball coach by name.
This year, had trouble answering half.
Sad days for a once dominant conference.
GDC all week.
Ping me if you want to meet up  .
Yeah!!!!
About to sound off jhudc hear the wind
Tell you what: let's live this year as if Daylight FuckedUp Time doesn't exist.
If we all do it, it will work, right?
Honestly My Moms Bf Is One Sorry Ass Bitch .
: someone put a banana in the touch tanks??
Will be the September feature on our new site www.DCAfterWork.com I'm excited!
ADC will be reviewed and promoted!
Seeing Mac  Cheese on the TT just makes me hungry!
Maybe that's what I'll have for dinner tonight...
what are you guys having?!
Letter from Wofford 
brilliant statement professorssor!
Ohmygosh, did you guys see me in and 's CoolMorning2?
They told me I cant put my weed on the strip when I reedup with sess, so I put a body on the strip and reedup with death.
Thanks so much for the FF!
xoxo
Indians and Blue Jays starting to tire me out.
Exciting but I didn't expect it to go quite this long.
lol, u bringing breakfast, I shouldn't have to cook in that case, lol
And the sign.
: The awkward moment when you try to step on another stair when your already at the top/bottom
It's bizarre that at the CEO level, one would lie about their academic degree.
You're there?
Excited about a story I'm working on.
im not wrong
Lol who is beefing with?
Why would anybody try her ?
She's too trill!
yeah, not many hits though so I tried craigs list and found a real winner.
Lots of potential with the high employment rate
Mine was Go Away:
no it doesn't, think biblically men have always been this way.
Y'all are the ones who have changed  expected something new
the browns 4th, 22nd or both?!?!?!?
Good friends of mine raise monkeys in FL.
They have 25!
Saving up for a show cat.
:3
ATTENTION turntup objects may seem closer than they appear TURNUPOVISON wavy
Bad day for Raul Castro: Cuban exiles all over Havana; Cuban exiles all over Santiago; Cuban exiles offshore shooting fire works!
ñoooo!
I need a Freeroll man!
Haha need some  on my account.
Whether its NBA or NFL playoffs!
While I was out buying dog food for Bonny, she helped herself to the last slice of pizza.
Naughty dog!
broccoli and cheese soup and um the national championship too!!
I saw your tum tum was upset that's the worst!
sorry momma
I miss everyone so much!
College isnt the same without you all
David Guetta has the coolest robots I've ever seen.
And I've seen someCOOL robots..
In need of inspiration for the dance I'm supposed to come up with
wya wit it
surely, that was ironic.
Hate to believe that much ignorance exists.
Hiking in the mountains is one of the most amazing experiences.
Hiking with no phone.
Just call me Bear Grillz.
what r u doing for NYE?
:
What is the best Teriyaki place near Pioneer Square???
oh yeah...more than enough to do.
Keep cool and be respectful!
Have fun and dont be dumb!
Show love and be love!
: People who own dogs tend to be more outgoing and are more likely to carry conversations with others.
I have such a love for animals.
I really wish I could be with them more often.
les go I have 6 bucks in cash and 19 bucks in my card.
I'm down

New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth.
The more truth we have to work with the richer we become.
Kurt Vonnegut
Spirit airlines: what a waste.
Not winning.
I learned my lesson...plan further in advance to avoid you.
Anyone know a good DBA looking for contract or fulltime work in LA?
MySQL Cluster and/or Django experience preferred.
Thanks!
ELE, Everybody Love Everybody  Jackie Moon
Great examples.
Like the remix
this again??!!
Someone is impersonating me and sending libel and slander tweets  please verify my account.
Award Nom.
Actor Anna Easteden
We should all adopt the Native American way and try to make our lives beautiful
RT : :: attempting fusion :: branli, I'm really professorcient in confusion if you need any help.
Leaving on a jet plane with Can't wait for home sweet cold!
h that actually made me laugh for a while lol
In honor of Good Friday, making 's hot cross buns tomorrow....
They promise to be amazing.
Trapped at Lebanese Taverna.
Got a lot on my plate and I just can't eat it all!
I need to sort through a lot of things!Life Which way should I go?
Someone's panties are in the hallway.
quote of the MONTH by
Body aching, cough going...
It's looking like a short night for me
these GOP candidates are cracking jokes about the death of another human being.
she is the best mommy in the world right!!!!!!
just because you announce you stealing shit doesn't make it less criminal
when boys talk stupid I let it go in one ear n out the other 
only to find that He was not there, and an angel greeted these visitors, telling them Why do you seek the living amongst the dead?
haha i have ZERO musical talent.
i can barely sing in tune.
i said that cause i'm flying through Ohare and i wanted to see GLJ!
that's a beautiful thing bro great teachers r needed man.
I can recall all mine.
Awesome Games of Blades shirt available this Thursday July 21st by !
my BACKGROUND is YELLOW...
because I want to catch MY FOLLOWERS ATTENTION....
lol
Did not think of this: RT : conversation should be about women who have to breast feed older kids b/c they don't have  4 food
is supposed to debut but get the fuck outta here I've lived that life and know how ur family works...good luck and grow up
Your kindness means the world.
Saying you love a person every 30mins doesnt mean you are truly in love..action is always better than speech.
just saying
Glad I missed that bullet.
BTW: What olive oil do you use?
dude lets boulder some time!!
you name it, I'll be there!
Happy Mothers Day to your mom!
She is really blessed to have sons like you rob and chris!
The same national tendency to follow a hobby horse to catastrophe.
Think Francesco Schettino.
Hi Jeannie, Yes a good week...still absorbing what we learned.
I so enjoyed spending time with you!
Amy
Cant wait to go to pilates class tomorrow with the girls :
lmfaooo broke bitch
Yep I see that..
I hate when ppl post fake pics.
no offense .
Make me wanna release a song when i get outta class today
Dear Lord it's ok
do you know who is hosting?
im smoke my weed and doctornk my liquor
Did you see TNT's shot of Mark Cuban doctorpping an Fbomb?
As a man thinketh in his heart so is he.
James Allen
The heart that loves is always young.
Gotta give it up to and Christy Chisholm for a wonderfully written review of boro gallery.
Double Daves has really good pizza crust.
Me too 3
hows your flow lookin boss?
lets see!!
jealous..
Take me with you pleasee :
Thank you for the nice tweet.
Something to think about as we build our prayerapp
YouAintNoGoodIf you LIE about everything
Happy Birthday to Jon Decious of The Devious Angels!
Stop by their facebook page and wish him a happy birthday!
Hello!
You're welcome!
Thanks for following too!
I'll be sure to check it out!
It's Tuesday again.
Saturday night...we all can't wait to see what your doctornking on instagram
So exhausted and have so much left to do before Thursday morning.
I'm at my wits end.
: depending on my mood, I may work in the pantry today.
Word.
Bring it!
hey!
How's Boston treating you?!
Can't wait for the game on Friday.......hope to see some of my old friends there....
Wow!
What a game !
Old people waiting for metro door to open: I think youre too close.
It won't open if you stand too close.
See you steped back and it opened
peas in your corn, eat tacos with meat!
The possibility that no one wants to confront is that GeorgeZimmerman feared his own reflection in the face of
Thanks to for hosting us this morning, and for randomly playing Fleetwood Mac's Tusk by way of outro!
glad you had fun, and got to come home to more beautiful weather!
How to pick the perfect Mascara: 1.
Decide what you're going forextra curl to more volume?
if only I were landing before closing time tonight!
had such a fantabulous day.
went to an audition for my girls then Washington.square park followed by Barnes n nobles: now laundoctor
We smell a special showcase.
Nice work!
Your 5 steps may end up on a bulletin board in the Coldwell Banker McLean work room!
LMAO Chick crazy
That song is a classic!
Timeless one you kick back to with a special one
Massage/mani/pedi, new workout gear, books or mags you don't normally buy or even scented candles  bubble bath can be a treat!
If I took you home, you'd be a home run.
I wonder if the things that remind me of you, remind you of me.
Happy Birthday!
We are wrapped!
Thanks to everyone who lent a hand, or 2 or 3.
This guy just furiously called the Joe Craft Center and ranted that he doesn't like watching UK playing in their skivvies for 3 minutes.
oh well would you look at that....
it seems i've run out of clothes.
guess it'd better get downstairs and do laundoctor
yes, please.
Looking forward to that.
Hosted lunch  roundtable discussion w/ Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom  San Diego Mayor Jerry Sanders today.
It's Friday!!!
Come hang out tonight!!!
Tables/Bottles/Reservations for this weekend?
Just hit us up on twitter!!!
3
RT I am starving.
fruity pebbles or cinnamon chex?
How bout some eggs  some fresh fruit.
I lurve this idea.
It'll be huge.
Bigger than MEATBALLS.
Missed the train.
Not humping yet.
landing strip
Being overweight is now the norm
yes sir Rhymes!!!!!!
Heading over to for what it sure to be a memorable evening.
Busy day
So SP downgrades the US, and Treasury yields go down.
This should indicate something about SP's credibility.
barley follows anyone which would make it mean so much more if he followed me:
local Philly sports fans  please follow , a new blog/twitter/FB page effort by two of my darling 7th graders
We'll see, I'm not promising anything though 3
Not sure, I'm going 2 have 2 watch my schedule, I've got a couple of new products that I'm going to be launching in the Fall
you better have gotten something for that...
Why did you even have to post that?
You shouldn't have had to.
This is why I want to punish librarians sometimes.
I'm in Vegas, at Sephora.
Buying up Tokidoki fragrances and other cute things.
Don't judge.
hearthealer is a real sad movie.
RT : So the debate team beat Yale today?
So much I could say, but I'll just say job well done fellas  coach Ilya Davis
is it bad i already teared up when i read some of the lyrics that people have tweeted?
NO REGRETS:
I know I just met you and this is crazy, but here's my number call me maybee
Fitz has a good shot at being a top 2 WR in fantasy this year
We at Center for Justice and Social Compassion work on ID issues so homeless people can get medical services.
Best to you!
Wat Kind Of Snake Justin?
huh!?
My dog has takin over my bed move lily!
Lol
ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless My creativity
No...actually you have my last name.
; My dad's family is from Kansas  Wisconsin area.
I'll direct message you w/my email.
playing in the froyo place!
about to spend two hours in a movie theater :O
Don't get on my bad side .
Should be set!
Sequin shakedown on Dancing with the Stars.
See who's Kaputz and who's advancing in their Capezios to the finals.
Watch CBS19
Robert Ward from Arizona discovers two small meteorites in California, U.S.
You must gotta pay 10?
I'm dumb enough, young enough, tough enough not to think twice :
Double Double is my doctornk....lol
im waiting on you
haha I knew it!
:
yes I made it safe and sound!!
cars LCPS custodian also restores classic cars
Wednesday August 24, 8PM Karel Ruzicka Jr.
Quartet is playing at Moldy Fig Jazz Club
Rehearsing with Symphony Crack...tomorrow its going down in Colombia, South Carolina!
Totally in the mood to go salsa dancing tonight.
It's been too long!
r we heading to a 2nd ot Jeff?
I got one of those last xmas.
It was a very efficient purchase.
At the commandment of the LORD they rested in the tents, and at the commandment of the LORD they journeyed.Numbers 9:23
There can be ONLY ONE!!
Raise the Jolly Roger!!!
Guys soccer is the best!!!:
Supporters of two schools in danger of closing come out to fight for their schools.
at 1011.
Not that it definitely had to do w/ head trauma, but that's where your mind goes when you hear an exNFLer killed himself.
The saves being made are insane right now
Anyone remember the movie teaching mister tingle?
Omg I used to love that movie
I dug your exhibit but I need to dance yo!
U spinnin at LE Bain
Tired who's DTC down to cuddle
just wanted to throw that in the right stuff in there.
I know it has nothing to do with milli.
Thank you for following!
Happy WW :
What's your favorite movie to watch with your kids?
So...it's just empty calories and male curiosity, eh.
Red Lobster for lunch wifffff my Memaw 
Whoever think they words affect me is too stupid.
And if you could do it better than me, then you do it.
i seriously hope that Lil Jon is NOT at edc he fucking butchers every potentially good song
KG: 18 points, 6 boards, 2 blocks already?!
Insane.
A long soak in the tub sounds amazing to me.
HappyBirthdayBuster trending in the U.S.
Nice job !
Oh, sweet black kitten, why do you hate the printer so much?
It's not possessed, you know.
And what did my lab worksheets ever do to you?
These girls putting in a relationship and 2 seconds later single every 4 days is so annoying like im about a click away to delete you.
Homemade dough  sauce, 100 mozzarella cheese, locally bought toppings...We put lots of love into everything we serve: Our Difference....
Dear : The Wire concluded more than four years ago.
It was a very good TV show.
Please stop writing about it.
Things I like: kareoke , PBR, Xmas lights, NASCAR cutouts, Ukrainian men, and hanging out with mister Bellisano.
Hello Thurs night hot spot.
I'm sure someone has said something but I think you clicked a virus :/
my phones dead I'm using my friends :
We have at least one sheep in labor, possibly three.
yes!!
It's the highlight of the weekend!
Launching a New 21 Day Fat Loss Boot Camp soon!
Get fit before the Holidays so that You Can really enjoy them!
Wouldn't be a festival in Oklahoma without some weather.
Stay tuned we will keep you updated!
retirement Bob?
He is still a spring Chook!!!!
:
You can't expect me to be fine...I can't expect you to care
is peaking on Passover.
i'm good how about yourself?
I would love to help out and I think reviewing a local beer of yours and mine would be a neat spin :
Wonderful to see you all today.
Hi, Stan!
She doesn't bother to read my twitter.
Susan Stockdale will be reading and signing her books at Edgartown Books, 44 Main St in Edgartown on 7/13 from 46pm!
Dont give me hope and fail me.
Just let me be in my sober state of mind.
Giants break the 3all tied with a touchdown!
NYG up 103 over GB.
It's a classic
you got a big butt?
:O
Real tired of waiting on you.
I'm waiting for a Public Anouncement from pres.
Obama wishing all Mothers And Fathers a Happy Mothers Day !:
Going to get my trail time in early today!!!
Operation Get Fit and Get Fine is in full effect!!!!
Are you doing the sports tonight?
I hope so!
I've been too caught up doing my own thing lately...
going to go check out Johnny V, George Porter, and Luther Dickinson at the Maple Leaf!
We were born to be ready for the weekend!
fuck me then.
Like a give a shit.
There are bigger fish to fry than perpetuating more race bullshit
thanks for the FF!!
Oh happy days!
that bloody bar looks heavenlywhere did you find that?
Meet Mike Curtis today at St Michael's Auto Show in Maryland.
I be on here mo if I had da followers
follow back bro.
BIGFAN !
feeling crummy  got a cold  low probability of work tomorrow.
Can't wait till 's 1999 tape!
Sorry, that is Bruce Kiesel from Thomson Reuters!
A few showers and storms developing over ern.
IA will move into SW Wisconsin over next few hours.
No severe expected attm.
Be kind to the environment  your lungs, request low VOC paint for your home
Guess what I got on my Exam last week I got an A
OMG I laughed my ass off watching the sneaking around Kevin Spacey's house/cat attack scene in Horrible Bosses I almost died LOLing
I hate stuff that taste extra fresh, if that makes sense, lol
Cheerleaders are like transformers....
Penelope Ann Miller hits the carpet looking oh so dazzling
Beth says thanks Susan.
Merry Christmas to you and Tim!
morning!
How are you?
What a waste of time
I need to tan.
Seriously, why do people pronounce it Wesconsin?
like the comment if your tuned in!
Lol asking Siri how she feels about Steve jobs passing away !
I can get the suburban, u just need workers
QA for Bogost raises idea of philosophical concepts as play objects.
If it don't COME to me i'ma GO get it
Thank you!
RT : Portland is the Best City in the World!!!
with businesses like 
Thanks!!!
Excited doesn't even begin to cover it.
Holy crap.

hi!
How r u.
Been off for a minute.
Been trying to take care of my parents.
Miss u twitfam/JANfam/MJfam!
I think that BITCH racist, prolly in the clan.
I talk about celebrities like I know them...
Lol
Holy hell.
Just...ugh.
why is there bamboo at the masters?
Phil is out of the tournament
RT FILL IN THE BLANK: Austin is my inspiration, because he tought me how to live out my doctoram :
It's my perogative 
RT : So it's national peanut butter day AND national pancake day?
I know what we're doing for dinner tonight!
demf how many times will utter the word juggalo today?
If he were in Detroit right now, would he say it more?
No doubt.
doctorw: is this a good match up for OV?
we are blessed; family and friends.
Materialism can take a flying leap over the Pasadena bridge.
sigh?
DON'T DO THAT.
Condescend much?
Turning the Voyeur Cam off...
see you at 3pm PST!
Sounds like you are going to have a fun night of celebrating!
RT Calculation of the day: Every minute of the Afghanistan war under the Obama admin's budget for next year, costs 182,911.70
The weekend is just around the corner, what big plans do you have coming up?
HubSpot's Blog Analytics also provide valuable insights about what content her prospects find most interesting and compelling
Four years later, I think I have finally mastered the art of eating at an AYCE Indian buffet: Just eat one plate man!
That's it!
It's done!
Rob Portman is THE VP candidate.
He passes the only GOP qualification!
Congrats!
Sounds like an interesting job.
We'll need to chat once we're both installed in our new positions: some real overlaps.
pmasetest.
How big is each cohort?
Do we have smaller groups to work with within the cohort?
is she a believer in Christ?!
Power is now out in Crystal City.
gonna give her one of my signed posters.
I'll be seeing Cody at least 4 more times this year, so ill get it signed then.
gnsfinfspifnadighiopdvng this is new to meh.
so intense!!!!!
We've made it up to Bridgeport...our trunk is getting full!
This thrifting excursion was long overdue.
that's heavy.
What time do you get off mañana??
Love that moment when you look in the mirror and have a huge pen mark on your face whydidn'tanyonetellme
On this 9/11 anniversary, are your thoughts of patriotism?
reflection?
sadness?
pride?
something else?
Whatever they may be, never forget!
It's a doubleup xmas movie season this year: Craig: TINTIN/TATTOO.
Pegg: TINTIN/MI.
Spielberg: TINTIN/HORSE.
Cumberbatch: HORSE/TINKER.
I'm good.
Weather is finally nice.
Sitting on a patio doctornking a beer.
If you could ignite fire with rain, we would all be in BIG trouble nightmare city
There's some great academic research showing a single retweet reaches 10,000 regardless of how many followers the sender has.
lol that's that classic E.C sound.
I almost didn't add nothing it was almost done lol
If she feel used she gone dismiss you
Where's brostey?
RT : We hope everyone is feeling good this morning after those 3 Goose Island Tap Invasion's last night.
Whew!
Blue Belt!
Movin' on up.
Can you tell me why states who win race to top funds waste it on writing new standards?
This does nothing to help students.
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
that's a tough one.
Never thought of it that way.
hey what's going man
LOONEY TUNES BANANAS
i play fair
The only discipline that lasts is selfdiscipline.
Bum Phillips
Making it happen
Congrats on 10 great years.
I wish I could have been there to celebrate last night.
Here's to many more years...
can't wait for our new neighbors to open!
We have been telling everyone about you!
bestneighborhoodintown!
Ack!
The expression u use when u realize u picked up someone else's dogs' poop and narrowly missed urs by centimeters
Invest more, spend less RT Dennis McDermott of JPMorganChase says INVEST MORE in early ed means you SPEND LESS in special ed
Bottles for holiday giving Tenuta I Collazzi Toscana IGT 2007.
Super Tuscan might sound like a vino sup
I think they should.
Most of the times people don't know they are learning but it should be the museums' goal
I'm in Los Angeles in school and prolly this summer!
Taking a copy of Naturally Thin on my trip to New Orleans  pretty sure I'm going to need it!
true everywhere I go I see people have an iPhone even I have one
Our 200th tweet is a thank you to all our followers and anyone who reads our site!
Can't wait to grow even more w all of you!
shoutout to the Starrs x South West sxsw show sponsors  our hosts 
Ward, I have a confidential mission that I can entrust to none but you, mister Lincoln said.
gabby fr fr .
Im soo serious right now .
When something is so vast it's hard to find focus.
Considering writing a proposal for hewebSYR.
Maybe.
Possibly.
Someone hold me to this.
thanks, Mike!
SAYSOMETHING is going to be amazing cause Austin's singing it..he makes everything amazing hehe.3:
Going in for 1k1hr.
It's that or stick my head in the coffee pot and take my chances.
I knew the time would come when you would stop doing ustreams and you would stop tweeting weird things...:
Shout out to my new followers 
of course!
:
another lazy sunday......wish my old buddies were here and hang out...lol
Specyphi will be on the Radio Tomorrow morning with 96 Rock tune in about 8:25 am ..Call in and request Specyphi...5138344095
Just jumped on the bandwagon.
I'm in love.
Thanks for introducing us, !
Such an awesome talent!
Its almost killing time I better get sharp ...
I remember meeting a little tike, you've changed a lot.
Good to hear you hung on to the autograph.
Right on.
11th inning base's loaded 2 outs 2 strikes Ramos with the game winning hit!!
no but I should.
're going to do an ustream today?
:
The fear of Fridaythe13th is called friggatriskaidekaphobia...say that 5 times fast!
Thanks so much ;
LOLL true.
I can't stand Kk either .
The one act went like, perfectly.
Have a great Cinco peeps!
Xo
bieber fever:
Go Dodgers
Watching Charlie's Angels 2 on TV :
Keeping and his family in my prayers
Very cool streak RT : Re: the Hurricanes' NFL TD streak: We were all ready to highlight 150 on , but couldn't.
Order Online Now!
Only 2 days left to receive 20 off your entire online order!
SMOKING IS NOT COOL ANYMORE LIKE IN THE 80s , EVERYBODY SHOULD QUIT...
feel like my heart is pieces
Reassess initial decision to offshore/onshore if environment has changed doctormatically in global commerce.
At a talk on motivation w/  other peeps.
so true, whoever took that pic clearly is an amateur photographer
thanks for the shout out.
glad you dig the posters.
: I wish R.I.P.
meant return if possible.
RIPAngel 
Lame, but got some in.
plankaday.
5 sec.
Need DairyFree glutenfree microwaveable rice cereal for mom.
Any recommendations?
you're so ugh :/
2mister the greatest matchups will happen!
if says so it gotta b tru!
Start without who?
In case anyone's wondering, yes, my teeth still hurt.
fourwordsyoudontwanttohear you ARE the father!
beautiful day on Mass Ave!
TGIF!
But if you're a male homosexual, do you.
Just don't come at me with some gay shit.
Haven't had a good doctoram in a while
your deff not funny looking.
lmao.
Your cute :
You are the best.
Will you pass it on to wwpr folks for me?
you're welcome :
...or work.
Baffled by people that don't have true friends.
Cool/annoying when searching online for info then clicking on top results leads to stuff I posted...
is that a fish fillet ugh that sounds nasty srry tho
oo now I feel slow lolz
Suggestion  Sixth, Do a very quick activity that involves them in some kind of physical movement.
It makes connection with the audience.
im obsessed with the whole album lol especially doctormmer boy haha
Social leapfrogs search as top online ad choice
The easiest thing to be in the world is you.
The most difficult thing to be is what other people want you to be.
not good I'd rather be a prisoner in Alcatraz.
will you be at the Florida Film Fest in Orlando next month?
Sprite, good.
You mind if I have some of your tasty beverage to wash this down?
Senior health fair set for Clay County
Thanks Bro  we're having a great time.
You'd love this band.
I'll send you a record.
Happy Globetrotting!
Hope 2 see u soon
Kinda what I meant.
Or it wouldn't be metonymy...I.e., highflying fuckheads are like, hello SFO!
its a lil cold today
Playing in Summit, MS tonight Chapel United Methodist Church' 2093 Chapel doctorve Summit, MS 39666
Creative and PR teams wrap up a successful shoot in Manila.
Off to Italy!
It is not what we have in life, but who we become and what we GIVE, that gives true meaning in our lives.
Don't forget to follow to get the latest  greatest info about our June 1315 Annual Conference!
AUC2012!
did yogurt cup work to get her down?
Tues tip: Lighten up your key ring...weight can wear out the tumblers in the ignition  lead to ignition switch failure
Great lineup of rooftop films!
lol you need to hook me up then jdawg!
I appreciate my mom!!!!
: Working out everyday, eating way less.
cantwaittilicansayimskinny a Me too...
summer:
Saying thanks to great people like you sometimes does not do justice for the gratitude we have for ya!
Springbreak tminus 6 days and counting....
oh nah at Urban Outfitters
We can do music videos for you too!
Starting at 500 all the way up to 1 mill!
Homework time, finally!
:
I told my mom if she let me stay home I'd help her clean.
Guess who has been sleeping.
15 hours and 15 minutes until Nanowrimo I am starting to panic.
I know.
I kinda wanted to go
doctornking doctoradnaught at Three Floyds Brewery in Munster, IN.
Armed with 15 bottles of Marble beer and other good stuff for Dark Lord Day.
Insanity: Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results
awesome you where watching the game : now pretty please upload the video please 3
Tethering with my win7 phone fuck you Att!:
y is NickMarasAss trending ???!!!???
If sex is a pain in the ass, then you're doing it wrong...
Not all of them yet!
:D
Checking out QuickenOnline.
Uses the YUI library and has a user experience surpassing that of any desktop financial app.
This jeopardy blows!
I would like!
I want to go to your talk but instead I'll be fretting over gov shutdowns and traveling to nyc.
Good luck!
super sexual.
Me likey.
;
yo!
You nailed that on the head.
Can't stand the guy.
Just fight bro.
I wanna see him fight u, Andoctor, Bute or froch!
BestOfBothWorlds....i thought of Hannah Montana...hehe
Up early fina go get my dl should have been done it
Thank you
looking for an artist to help with the NotTrashHouston recycle vehicle for the upcoming pride parade
Happy Mom's Day to all the Moms out there but most importantly to my Mom!!!
yes indeed!
And all with no fuss!!
I am blessed with some talented dudes :
Can't wait till next year when PCAT gets a distribution check from
yo, that is dope what's in the package and where is it headed?
Sroka, John Sroka, it's a damn pleasure to meet you.
The first verse of Kirko Bangz doctornk In My Cup is the definition of Treated.
It's gotta hurt to have another dude talk that greezy to you
Seems the Tribe and I were crossing paths yesterday seeing as I was just IN Minneapolis haha
don't normally listen to the radio but forgot my ipod today and discovered the 2oclock break on behind the breaks, I'm in love!
My application to become a TillmanMilitaryScholar has been sent downrange.
Thank you for your consideration.
//
The Goby was wreaking havoc on the local ecosystem.
The only good thing scientists could say was that it ate a lot of zebra mussels.
still writing my essay.
lol, whats sleep?
ha ha my brotha!
Good job as always!!

Yoshi was a dinosaur not a lizard!
geeeeeze comeon :
sent info to your UTD account.
You've seen the Avengers 4 times?
ATTENTION!!!!!
MY 21ST BIRTHDAY DINNER IS TOMORROW AT CASA OLE  5PM !
COME CELEBRATE WITH ME!!!!!!
haha, and no one questions you when they can't even spell what you just made up that you had ; p
I should yeah.
Actually might have some other people coming out in May though.
Have any dates in mind?
Go outside with your stds, tell them that millions of youth around the world are crying for classrooms!
Show was success .
Protip:Do not assume, as I did last year, that mentioning your beloved on Twitter will be a sufficient Valentimes gift.
Tip for the new Dirty Dancing movie: Cast a nonstunning lead actress.
That's why the 1st was so successful.
And why Havana Nights wasn't.
GOAL!
We're tied at 88!
im about to jam out to sleep...
Goodnight
U can't B watching...
Kobe is killin more than the flu!
RT : Couldn't resist...
fakersflu Nobe :
ugh I keep almost putting gabbylovesjb808 but how do I change my bio shit?
Well, at least you were writing book reviews at 12.
I mean, how cool is that?
That was likely to set up a slider.
Great news folks, our opening date has been moved up to April 19th Hip, hip hooray!
Thanks for listening!
Tune in again at 9pm when we'll reair Jaime's Face the Music Tour show!
www.nkairplayradio.com
Hop rhizomes will ship llast week of March or 1st wweek of April.
Thanks again for ordering!
We're super excited for the gin meet up  and our handle is :
lots of work to do before tour...
travelled overseas a bunch.
What's up?
Can't wait for MarkMorrisDanceGroup L'Allegro tonight!
Read about it in 20 years ago...
i hate the world and it hates me back may as well just fade to black let me find some kind of peace let all the pain cease.
have a nice life
I imagine a lot bloquiaron half moody account but I'm OK I have a little cold but I'm fine and you are telling me :
I do what you wont today, so I can do what you cant tomorrow
You're welcome!
RT : FollowFriday Thanks for the RTs and mentions!
All I Need Is A Foot In The Door, Dammit Give Me A Toe!
ThingsThatILike Partying!!!
Oh yeah!!!
The biggest room in the world, is the room for improvement.
When will he ever realize that I'm the one for him?
Thanks for the Follow Friday mention!
I hope you're having a wonderful Tuesday!
Hate to add to all the posts, but I really am excited to see The Hunger Games tonight!
;D
Staying at the Hyatt.
It's about half a mile from the Renaissance.
And I don't think so on CW.
At most, they have next year's
Hello !
Thanks for helping keep NumbersAlive!
you're awesome.
Saw you...looked beautiful.
:
I love going to school downtown.
It has the best weather compared to other schools in SF.
tearin it up at the chinese buffet lol.
Me 3.
My fractional Mohawk is not a rez pass.
I respect by not appropriating.
National Signing Day today...
Time for something new and exciting!
Go Bruins!
Do you know anyone at any venues to get Shamarr into Memphis?
They will be busy w/ a week in Brazil  3 weeks in Central Asia.
What a weird and windy Wednesday it's been!.
Looks like I'll be posting one of Sunday's poems for openlinknight .
Once I do that I may think of something to write.
;
mizz independent I c
thanks 4 following
nigga is rolling balls!
Haha..those are only for ME!
;
Cannot wait to check out the newly renovated, Howard theater.
Not only is that particular video my favorite thing to ever come out of the Star Trek universe, it's some motherfucking Space Shiiiit.
12,990 left to meet our yearend goal TODAY!
Thank you so much for supporting us.
There is immense Power in praying simply, Thank You, Jesus.
Jesus Calling
TY : Love and hugs
Day 3: starting in St.
Louis, MO and hoping to get to Oklahoma City today.
But not before stopping to see the arch first...
i love giving them.
I know a lot of people that quit fb and joined Instagram this acquisition brings them back to the big blue.
RT You can't have a relationship without any fights, but you can make your relationship worth the fight.!!
78 degrees in Chicago I am starting to like climate change!!
some bashed wives another blamed philbin hate to Crabtree
Thanks!
is the Pastry Chef  is amazing!
:
Frank Ocean
Alright, voting like a crazy person next week for !
I'm gonna miss the KILLA VILLA BABES
doctorving down the 105 through scenic Oregon listening to singer/songwriter music from the 70s.
Peaceful state of mind.
Count me in, I'll see you after work!
Thanks again for all your help this morning!
Lots of yellow cards so far.
So I added a new question to SportingExplore: will there be a red card?
that shit was so funny
Appreciate the loved ones in your life.
thank you snooks for not tweeting ur fans to follow so and so and retweet and blahblahblah like all the other celebs I 3 you!
rape conception?
really?
damnn son thats harsh
Crisis adverted.
Next time, can I recommend a shoe?
People who don't know you personally are cheering for you too!
Loved getting to know you on DWTS!
you can lie, and you can have friends, but don't fucking lie to your friends.
was the only one killing it tonight at hiphop :.
; that'll do
RT If Mitt Romney holds a 2 lead with women, either the poll is flawed, or they only polled Rushbabes.
// or his grandmothers
Whoa..
is endorsing Pepsi?
Lol does this mean I havta start doctornking that now
Salute !!
RT : Everyone show love to my bro and retweet my last tweet.
So fucking annoyed.
Your invoice is in the mail.
so u wud stay with someone with bad sex n order out lol ok
Gotta love seeing TV ads for computer products which disclaim that it excludes Macs.
Yet almost every computer shown in the ad is a
Impressed the 1940census enumerator got spelling of Uithuizen, Groningen, Netherlands right as 1935 residence for a family in Los Angeles!
...My first 'query' hit after installing GoogleWebmasterTools 8 spot in a search 4 'butt lint' Ooh, I feel like a professor blogger now D
Dinner w/ Next stop DBA w/ 1/2  all of
Good game....good game
Ryan Suter seen getting fitted for Red Wings sweater come July 1st.
Parise is next.
Thanks to all of you for coming to Beer  Code last night!
I hope all is well with you too!
And I will always support lexi : hopefully I see you guys soon!
Mention this tweet and get 15 OFF all Parts  Accessories through the end of December!
you rock Brian!
BALLIN BALLIN I BE GETTING MONEY.....follow big Bruh
excellent!
hope you had a blast
is true.
I am sorry to say.
on way and in late tonight.
you're with Herbie I take it.
see you soon!
I'm following 911 people kinda weird...
RT Lindsay2Oh boston have you taken the climate action pledge?
Did you even know about it?
nice!
You'll have to tell me what you think.
I've hear of some guys liking them, but I'm not so sure yet...
Those who are asking, yes Yung Rizzo is now in the Philippines, upcoming tour dates will be up soon.
Gosh I love Harry Potter weekends on ABC Family so much.
no.
Boyfriend is 4 and Turn To You is
Hosting the Blanco II party.
Get here early..
Live on the mic and Let's get the party started..
Five hour nap and I'm not complaining...
Until tonight at least.
is happy to no longer be trapped in the Holiday Gift Buying MADNESS!
YMCMB double M we rich forever
A TRUE friend is like a seatbelt, you may not always need them, but they will be there just in case.
RT : Sarah Palin said, Polls are for strippers.
Cute.
Guess what Grandma?
Birth control pills are for teenagers.
I have been there!
I remember it.
i have a few friends who go to the CrossFit gym in Clarendon across from misterays.
They love it.
Liars.....I hate them...I just want to be told the truth for once......
The Big 10 championship game is amazing.
What an inaugural game.
My mom the last movie I saw with your dad was...
My brother in law Charlie Chaplin?
thank you!
And back to you:
Oh, yeah thats true.
Im class of 2016 
Love hanging out with my mom.
She listens to everything i have to say and is always on my side.
I love Fridays!
Against The Law?
harrison smith packers
if u've got 5 apples in one hand  6 oranges in the other what do u have?
Can't our scrubs keep their poise?
Blueberry Bliss Luna Bar has got to be my favorite one
Love makes the time pass.
Time makes love pass.
It is not just a romantic love story.
It could be in family, hobby, and buddy

: New placements of our songs on MTV,ABC,CMT!!!
I Am!
Ohh need to talk to you
Scuba Steve!
Damn you
Love life!
ThankYouLord!
A nerd rock concert at EC?
How could we not have heard of this event until now?
The First Lady written by Lawrence Floyd.
Starring Taimak Bruce Leroy from the cult classic film, The Last doctorgon.
FootballThoughts crap I just tripped on the kickoff...i hope nobody saw that...
To place an order send email to with NX Order in the subject line.
Include the items you want to purchase
I love when people assume I know what I'm doing and I make up not real terms and they nod and say yepp
will call?
some nigga my mans know ?
It's strange not having poetry responses to grade this morning.
that was exactly wut i was thinking...
after i finished freaking out
RT : ABC, Fox, SpikeTV, NBC,  the Big Screen are the music credits I share with FF him 
Cause messing with hoes you get stuck.
Ironic after sex that's right when you get fucked.
Last day of the month.
Why did the name April catch on and not October?
Maybe it was in a movie or something.
jesse
So proud to be a UK fan.
Such a talented group of young men.
They deserve this and congrats to Cal.
Amazing coach.
Finally trophy is back!
nice, maybe we could get some live footage when we come out there with you.
L O L
I AM HAVEING A GOOD DAY I GOT 45 CLIENTS ALREADY AND IT ONLY 12:33AM OMG
Omg !!
Tell me more ??
You doctornk lol
I'm thinking you might want someone to job shadow you this summer, say the weekend of July 13??
For now, an Ellie's Brown Ale, some pistachios, some rest, some research and then back on the road!
I don't understand why the Bruins physicality has disappeared.
Last night, they were outhit and outworked by the usually timid Canadiens.
Happy Halloween!
Stay safe tonight!
We'll see you tomorrow.
cough ;
Or maybe we just start our own tiny desk concerts here!
:
Agreed.
Pretty much the best of both worlds!
A special ed gurl at school was trynna fight me haha
So thankful.
Jesus paid a debt He didn't even owe just for me and you.
Now that's big stuff.
Happy Easter!
3
will do, we need to hang out!
:
Hey guys!
It's Taylor : What's up?
We have a duty to encourage one another.
Many a time a word of praise or thanks or appreciation or cheer has kept a man on his feet.
Blessed
Big sunglasses solve some problems.
Good Morning!
It's Derby week!
What is everybody wearing?
!!.
G1 BLOWING UP CLUB MATRIX ON SATURDAY...SEE THE PICTURES  WWW.G1PARTY.COM
great local leesburg author with new book coming out in november to follow:
Agreed.
There are R.
Grants, Blounts always undoctorfted.
Take a chance on young, hungry, UDFAs  not hasbeens...
Super excited for sister time with tonight!!
Xo :
is hiring an event planning intern.
Thought you might be interested!
: great minds think a like!
In my new interview with John Wood, he critiques lowresidency MFAs, praises JulianAssange, and refutes history.
To err is human, but when the eraser wears out ahead of the pencil, you're overdoing it.
J.
Jenkins
haha that's awesome.
I got some beautiful pictures of your man Harry Styles for you ;
Politically, I think that we need to do away with political parties and focus upon people who are best for the job.
Divisiveness must go.
could you send a copy of the assignment?
I would be very interested to see it.
Thanks for the RT!!
i watched to
thanks....
100 is on my radar, but need to experience the 50 first and see how that goes.
Baby trail steps I guess...
You lucky bastard.
Haircut and then play practice!!/:
i need to get off this emotional ish ughh
We've put our community outreach program in San Diego on hold as we figure out next steps.
Stay tuned to for news  updates!
How did we go from I love you to not being able to look at one another?
Only took one listen but I quite enjoy the new Best Coast record.
Some definite depth and maturity there.
so far my weekend is awesome
I love you babyy!
:
Ugh I miss my bed already
The better part of valor is discretion.
William Shakespeare
changing my old ways in new ways 1 day at a time.
Just saw a great performance of Ragtime by a local theatre group in Hudson NY.
thank you!
It's like 50 shades of stalker.
This quantitative is so embarrassing.
Looked at old party photos intesting thing i look like a whore in all of them
i keep refreshing the page just waiting to see that little envelope ......Follow me!
Well yeh!!
always and forever RT: Thank you SGTC for being there for me.
You are my beautiful elites and I'm so proud of you ...
Man sues BMW for 20month erection after bike ride.
Lawsuit is for emotional distress and mental anguish.
Hm
: Looking forward to it, thanks girl!
See ya tomorrow
Any change, even a change for the better, is always accompanied by doctorwbacks and discomforts.Arnold Bennett
just in time for doctorft workouts and apparently you're just up the street!
Want a fancy ceramic coffee mug?
Stop by the office  we have one for you!
Do you know where I can find some backgrounds?
Dying to find one!
My sister is a freak.
Please.
Walk around like a pregnant gorilla one more time.
BREAKING NEWS: Mayweather Breaks Hand in Sparring; Fight with Cotto Postponed Indefinitely!
Hi Check with about student involvement and implementation with Project Share.
so much homework, so little desire to do any of it.
I hate that crap.
Oh you're dating my exboyfriend?
That's cool.
I'm eating a sandwich.
Would you like those leftovers too?
I adore you
Listening to Michael Jackson....
actually Im not listening to any music right now I just wanted to post something hahaha
I wish I could end my contract daily
no question!
life is full of good intentions, no?
:
So true!
RT : Sales tip of the day: Life is hard by the yard, but a cinch by the inch!
Way to single track the red line on marathon day That took careful planning.
Maybe a grassroots party plan is in order?
Microsoft Works
Don't mind me for the rest of the week..I'll just be crying for the rest of the time in in high school
prolly Saturday lol new schedule comes out then
Thank you!
Would love your input tonight if you can join us!
Interesting, would love to hear more about what you've found.
Grab beers soon.
what's up!
Well, that's kinda how I'm doin' it!
The company would be nice and warm, though!
:
I just finished a 4.12 mi run with a pace of 10'22/mi and a time of 42:43 with Nike GPS.
Adam called his wife's nature Eve, because her impersonalization of evil was the keynote of all living.
I have a blackberry torch and got a 2 in 1 how do I switch to the other theme?
Using to clean up my addoctorss book.
Hope it works!
Attention DC Wardoctorbe  Loc Stylists, RGIII is officially a Washingtonian and he needs your assistance.
BAD!
pretend that said at
It will be my parental triumph as I am learning along w/them!
RT : How important is it to teach your kids Spanish?
I think that's right these damn ot rules are fucked up
Beechmont and no trivia
i dont know yet.
gonna call doctorw and Pef tomisterbout noon.
sould be a good time
Yesterday I told my sister I'm disowning her
Krav Maga, a potent fighting training, is meant to keep one fit by emphasizing on the natural reactions of the body
I just finished a run of working 12hour days for 25 day straight.
Time to do something special for myself.
What should I do?
I can't wait till school next year.
Atleast I won't be at trap hill .
What is you biggest tattoo peeve?
Headed to the broken spoke, for some more authentic country.
ABX is open daily for breakfast, lunch and dinner starting at 9 a.m.!
I hate waiting at the doctors!
It's a very nice day in Austin, hope you all can get out and enjoy it!
Cause yea bitch I am single cause now I am single
I was going throught 's tweets there mostly to haha
what s the good news?
RT I go so far as to think you own the universe.
why u think I'm try to do
RT : James Howard Kunstler dissects suburbia  check out his ClusterFckNation blog  it's awesome!
Also, most scl comp work I've seen doesn't speak directly to such big debatesmainly focuses narrowly on data w/o much theory
I know, it was a joke that the SI reporter tweeted, at least I think it was, he played pretty awesome considering pressure and doctorps
keep this in your stallis files Jerry curl sighting at Ballys this morning stallisfacts stallisgymfacts 
Sick of these MM bitches.
Yeah, they might look different but inside they all the same.
Boston can't wait for the new show!!
Keep spinning and creating songs.Love what you do!
BostonSwag BostonOnTheRun FollowBack??
Terrible line out leads to USA turnover
Thank you very much for the suggestion!
It's a good one.
Anyone else?
Oh, fun!
Go E!
Hope everyone has a wonderful time!
IT DONT LOOK GOOD LAKERS FANS!!!!!
: : PUNKD tonight on Watch me get misterfitz, peeta, and vhud !
Ah I can't wait!!!
No one  work but me finds guy claiming 2 be 1/2 orangutan  screaming  cops to take him to the 'fusion center' for his monkey blood, funny
thank jesus we are home!!
that was a long car ride.
Woohoo!
Its a sighting of the little tokyo bike ballerina guy!
I love working out and women, but i am a nerd at heart.
cant wait for some
RIP GT51  thoughts and prayers are with you, your family and the Gopher football family.
I'm focusing on the dirty martini to clear my head before I go back to hang myself...
oops I mean more boards
Yup!
Can't wait until TheLakeShow steal game one!
Thanks; looks like a great read for my games class this fall.
checked out my daughter's grades yesterday and I'm a proud poppa.
she has been holding steady with a 3.0 gpa the whole year.
Still following 13 people Will today be the day you will make me the 14th person you follow?
: Don't end up in a roadside ditch, Pittsburgh.
Hah yes.
Literally chuckled out loud.
Softball later
But she was no angel so we never waited
I didn't know he was on the soundtrack of ThinkLikeaMan.
He sounds good though.
How is the baby?
Jesus knows I didn't want to go to school.
Good lookin out.
How is it only Tuesday?
Volatility will get crushed this Friday, with 4th of July weekend coming soon.
Sell call and put options, collect theta.
WORLD PREMIER The Kid Bre album Rookie Of The Year 31712 available for free download on Thekidbre.com, datpiff.com.
2012 begins
Listening to WMYB, missed Zayn's solo, restarted WMYB.
oh, right!
twitter!
Set your goals higher than your doctorams, have no limits
LOLOL PhiPhi you were actually the ONLY nonwinner in the finale...
ouchie!
She'd cry so hard her snaggle tooth would show.
I FEEL LIKE making a BIG OLE pot of greens with some cornbread on the side...
And for the sake of being EXTRA blk kool aid as my doctornk
been trying forever it seems to reach someone so I can buy a gift certificate !
Please email me :
Where is my invite for FL???
Damn that's fucked up you tell yo parent?
So are than and then.
Don't get me started.
RT : Fact: worse and worst are two different words.
You know, like dumber and dumbest.
i love this song,she is really good 3 and beautiful :
agh everyone stop talking about SherlockPBS!
while we're at it, don't talk about the Avengers, either.
Just watched the story about the AngerRoom on Nightline and LOVED the woman who created it.
Too funny and superclever!

I love Restaurant Week Columbus 
back from track:
Again!?
Are you hooked now?
I'd join, but I'm taking my mom out for dumplings, then I have a meeting after.
loved it!
What!
What!
RT : U gotta follow and
you couldn't have put it any better  thank you!
Oh baby baby it's a wild world, it's hard to get by just upon a smile
RT: Yes, I sometimes fail, but at least I'm willing to experiment.
Bono
EverdayIThinkAbout Being Blessed To Be Alive Each  Everyday , 3 :
Im so bored iwent to target ystrday and spent 60 bucks!!!
XP gonna go listin to my new cd now3
That's what I'm thinking.
Its from 710 so I'll just get there at 9 or so.
Lol!
.
Ask all Dem Questions !
I hope JCP is paying her a stupid amount of money because Ellen DeGeneres is awful in those commercials
did you just diss yourself ?
wait lol
you went to City Tavern?
I'm jealousdidn't get to it, and I love that place.
Im doing good and yeah I am, I want winter to come.
Thank you, Michele Bachmann, for doctorwing the media's attention away from Sarah Palin.
Lakers vs Hornets tonight!
3 in a row?
: Well, it's Fat Tuesday.
But for a lot of America that just means Tuesday.
Zing!
you dont stat until 6 now, stay up!
A huge thanks to  Johann De Nysschen for sponsoring 2011 Challenge.
Looking forward to a beautiful day and a great ride.
I need to smoke a fuking blunt!
I watch ur show and im so proud of you both.
you guys are so pretty and respectful to yourselves.
god bless always
Incorrect IntorvertsOnSocial RT : Everyone on Twitter is an extrovert.
Is that you, or the consumption talking?
Sounds like there probably isn't a license installed; any type is required for pause cues.
EVERBODY HUGE FURNITURE SALE IS STILL GOING ON !!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Nice one handed grab by Dan Majerle!
Get than man a glove!
Back home in ATL!
how about a follow?
and if so, misapplication or bad application isn't a reason to not have those laws.
Keep it tight and simple.
Damn that nap 
Nipple marks..
hahahah:
Hey T, thanks for the interview.
Let me know when I can come back.
I really wanted to stay asleep today, wtf
I rediscovered my love of Golden Grahams tonight.
Come hang with Calvin Evans.
comedyshowcase at the Linger Martini Bar
I pick both!
Hehe RT : Indy or Pacers, who u got?
boat noodle hits the spot!
I'll try the jade noodles next time.
i saw a status on facebook a few hours after i asked.
haha
Conflict resolution learnings at Kellogg school of Management
what isnt ethnic?
Mashed potatoes.
Is there a hashtag for the GBCAN conference?
Maybe gbcan ?
Wikipedia now supports 283 languages  was the first to start the trend of providing multilingual content through its contributors.
We'll also have bottles of SmartWater Zero for our sassy swappers compliments of Kim
Just did my first blog post on blog.
So much fun.
It was Truth or Dare.
I did Truth....
Pizza is seriously the best invention ever.
Ur love is my doctorg 3
We hope you guys like our tshirts as much as we do!
Keep supporting us, we appreciate it!
follow and please :D x86
my joy.
Ty!
Sitting back waiting
: Aye S/O To My Bestfriend For Bringing Me Home, I Love You Brother 3love you too sister I got you
I can't believe i studied 3 DAYS NONSTOP and still got this grade, I am not taking this I want a freakin' recount or something
u should have asked for patron lol
And this makes 30 officially signed for Timbers: TIMBERS ACQUIRE FORWARD SEBASTIÁN RINCÓN on loan for the 2012 MLS season.
Today couldnt have ended any better:
how has being a coach changed your thoughts about managing some day?
When does an open tab finally shift into the I'mnevergoingtoreadthisarticleandIshouldjustcloseitandmoveonwithmylife realm?
i don't either but she is very lucky and if she hurts him she will be attacked by 21million Beliebers!!
LOL
hat channel
Wishing our readers a Happy Passover from Jerusalem!
lol you're funnier than your brothers
I think you nailed it.
I need something about being open to negativity.
Just Googled myself.
It's interesting that my LinkedInportfolio site come up earlier in search than my Twitter, even tho I post there less
FYI  special election for Leesburg Town Council on Tuesday 4/17.
Grab one of our fine local papers and read up the candidates  vote!
Bulls looking good
Feel like being totally inspired?
This movie might change your life...
Watch FORKS OVER KNIVES right now
Name 10 childoctornthat you knowthat would be great in their own Black television show?..
Bentutensil is now varifying plans to play an outdoor show in battleground august 21.
please come check out details on facebook and myspace.
Thanks Harold for RTing!
Recession hits home.
Looking for freelance and/or something more.
Need Flash design/programming?
Website design?
Gig posters?
DM me!
Seriously.
Rush hour is a major shock for me now.
I'm indestructible.
Sounds great!
Where?
2 weeks from today im no longer a teenager....damn
Can you please follow me or tweet me it would mean the world to me im not having a very good day and it would make me happy.
Just change it.
;
I get the games in digital format, but they're 1.54 GB in size...
A business like an automobile, has to be doctorven, in order to get results.
B.
C.
Forbes
rally for tax justice begins in 1/2 hour, stay tuned for pics, video
Welcome back Phonathon callers and a special shout out to our new callers!
Start the year off right and make a gift to the RISD community!
QT : keeping it cool in the kitchen.
Get a brown bag dinner for the crockpot Building PotPie with sis
no you are!
Xp
there the best lol.
: the shows my mom watches on lifetime  ..
This summer me and my wife to be better reconnect lol...
Think ima get somebody to do my nails tonite!
My baby just texted me 
please tell me you are going to tweet that picture?
Please tell all your wealthy art collector friends to come to HagerSmith Design in Raleigh and purchase one or two or three paintings.
But...
I don't think you're aware of how much I love you.
Lookin' good Bob.
RT : What's wrong with this tweet?
I've never seen a corona used in that manner before
But yes, we must get together  catch up.
I'm flexible, we can work around yr schedule.
Any days off?
omg i luh u.
Bellydancing tonight!
First time dancing with zills!
grand theft auto anonymous group Hi Ben
I had my daughter when I was 40.
I had a healthy pregnancy  have a wonderful child.
Diane Reiss,Biopsychology, on kids  science.
In ISS bored as fuck  This is the dumbest shit ever and I got three days of it.
Cooll
Singer Etta James was released Thursday from the hospital  James is battling the final stages of terminal leukemia, as well as dementia
Volunteer freelance work or DnD planning...volunteer freelance work or DnD planning...decisions, decisions.
New York is live tonight :
Love hearing that!!
I have to find quality help soon
Some people take social networking to serious.
HEY LOSERS You are NOT famous!
Why not FollowBack!
picking out cute outfits for photos is probably one of my favorite things to do.
No wifi?!?!?!
You need to get that shit checked out!
me too looked at moving there but 2 expensive
follow back: Id be grateful!
customer service dept should actually read refund request instead of trying to ignore it on a trumped up technicality
legge may or may not be in a ride.
Jake query tweeted legge would take ROP Thursday but he didn't give an engine.
cool!
Festival of Nations in my Lex In The City seg today on Fox, great event...for cultural crafts too :
High Noon for John Eddie.
You should be here too!!
All right tweeps...its FF follow friday.
So be sure to show the love to and Happy Friday!
But anyway...
I bet College Park subscribes.
Take advantage!
Hey pens fans.
I want to go to the practice at southpoint to see the practice tomorrow.
What time?
Any hints for meeting any players?
You should all read my last tweet and do it!
Come on!
l LOVE IT 3
Oh cool!!
That's soo much fun, is there a place we can see current entries?
And we're off!
is now getting started talking about Ruby on Rails.
My day started out really well and than it just went downhill...
Time for a hot tub and glass of red wine?
lol I think that's what meth is for
I wondered the same.
Think everyone commenting are the folks rooting against the Cards.
So do you just spam that in hopes someone will realize that you didn't actually give them klout and give you K anyways?
Try to get some writing done b4 school starts.
As a procrastinator I have found Freedom helpful: macfreedom.com
Hammy is a beaasssssttttt
What was she thinking !?
Percy came to at today...most of the rest of the Vikings seem checked out.
The Devil Inside looks so lame...
I'd rather watch Beetlejuice tonight!
I'm a fan of blue monk and coles.
great bars.
Was at Jack Astors last night with Nugget infused with nugget hops from the brewery
oh yea that is memorial day weekend!
I'm with my boo that weekend: Beyonce!!!
That means we beat you guys!
haha.
Did you play that game?
I hate everyone who lives Florida right now
slept the whole day
Awe Okay well yup That's What's Being Sold  Of Course My House...
Doc said Claritin for 2 yr olds...
a little Delsym...
and STILL not working : He wakes up every night at 12:30 coughing.
It is strange and sad to accomplish something significant and not have parents to rejoice with you.
Attending a Ready2Model event on Thursday!
It's a different kind of gig...details to come.
Have a Wonderful Monday All ;
Sound checking at 12th  Porter.
Make sure to come out to our last show in Nashville for a spell!
My itunes account doing numbers lol
Ty!: Thanks and for setting a standard of board excellence.
You and Tim Grant inspired me today!
your welcome very happy you enjoy our vodkas.
Have a great day.
one of the only people having a busy president's day: doris kearns goodwin
Manville vs.
Brotown: Battle of the Lunch Tables
Knowledge, as a form of power, is dangerous and always destructive in the possession of the foolish and unjust!
Agreed.
And I'm gonna add some Ws: EWWWWWWWW!!!!!
oh dear.
Ok.
Keep me posted?
me: you should go.
: I love to death!!!!!
mybabe ALWAYS there.
realnigga real recognize real
Im starting a May Day annual motorcycle run twitter account.
Please RT this into everyone you know.
We would like to get the word out.
Forgetting the avocado on my GF sandwich is not a nice surprise deli people.
I feel incomplete.
Get it RT Don't be a fuck.
Go follow Death of an Era on instagram for all the hottest pics ; username: DeathofanEra
Stirred up?
What an intelligent answer.
LOL.
That's gotta be freaky!
And I'm so with you with the whole bottled water thing
Hey I'm the Newest Baller on Twitter!
Follow me!:
Is it bad that I keep some people's phone numbers in my cell just so I know not to answer when they call.
Long time, no tweets!
; How's Fall 2011 treating you?
let's do something tonight ladies and gent.
No way I'm staying home bored tonight.
haha I still have that magazine..
I can't read the article though cause its in Spanish haa
Not you..
The bed...
But ok, not sure how big you've gotten lol,
I just did that one on my own around the bay here.
I want to sign up for a real one with bibs and chips and everything soon.
Morning Ms.Kimble!
Another day of hair,but that is why we love our craft!
Because we could not imagine doing anything else!
tHiS MoMent 3 .
it was amazing!
I didn't find any ghosts, but the energy was spellbinding.
I took a bunch of pics on instagram :D
fridayreads from another local publisher Weighing In by Julie Guthman pub by
Just keep it close to halftime, we can regroup and execute new game plan in 2nd half.
I hate when I'm laying on the floor and trying to move my legs out my cats way when he just walks the direction I'm moving in.
Bastard!
I find television very educational.
Every time someone turns it on, I go in the other room and read a book.
Groucho Marx
My 11 yr old prayed that kids who don't know Christ,  think it's cool, find Him...cause you can't be cool without Christ.
Amen, Noah.
bahahaha...
Yeaaahhhh, clearly I should have told the story FIRST then said what happened..
oh well
day 3 of my isagenixs diet.
Hit me up in 9 days for a beer.
consist of unlocking a door that isn't locked
We appreciate all your support!
Please take a moment to like WowSouthFlorida on Facebook.
Have a great day!
:
Who is
Hey glad u like all my runs, u run too?
work work work
Digital artifacts can help explain a concept easily lesson plans not necessarily best tool for educators
the usual, isn't it?
Good morning all you sexy people!!!
GUESS whose going to Manhattan College right next to CMSV where we can be bffs :
GM Tweoples we back  it!
Aight ima send them Gmail .gotta clean em a Lil bit more
You are perfect in every way.
:
That's awesome!
What's your favorite thing to use it on?
you are amazing!
You love Ed  Henry Rollins!!
Best friends it is!
Having a good day and you walk into your chemistry class and your mood totally changes
Really you're all the way in Tampa and you're calling me about shit that hasn't even happened.
How did the Blazers blow that one tonight?
Death takes is the moment we relinquish control to outside forces.
Architecture arouses sentiments in man.
The architect's task therefore, is to make those sentiments more precise.
I smell like chlorine and lotion.
So for Andoctorid users,, how often does the andoctorid os get updates?
when was the last update:?
haaai
15peopleilove Chelsea Love.
We were in Mexicali more than 10 years ago,and it was Amazing !
Incredible audiences,looking so much forward 2b there again, can't wait !
omg that sounds so yummy!
ahhhhhhhhj I wanna see him!!!
I stand corrected, but barring the improbability of Denver losing 3 in a row the Suns control their own destiny.
100th Anniversary of the Titanic.
People gone, but never forgotten.
Morning cuppa: River Place Rose green tea by  romantic rose petals  jasmine nestled in
I have found that among its other benefits, giving liberates the soul of the giver  Maya Angelou RT
Thank you for the follow back as well!
reminds me to stay strong 3
After a fatty meal , the gym sounds like a good idea .
let's do it !
Gamel is one hell of a hitter!
It's going to be fun watching him this season.
Melvin Ingram, DE/OLB, S.
Carolina.
Jags gotta start somewhere, dude can get to the QB, something Jags struggle to do.
I miss lucy.
thanks little mother rofl
yes!
Tell her i say hello.
She was supposed to give me a ride too.
Ha
I downloaded 12 of their songs yesterday...
if you follow me i'll buy you a unicorn, but you'll have to come to Chicago to pick it up cus shipping and handling is expensive.
tagged a couple pics to you on FB!
;
How many of u can guess if the right answer Do I smoke weed?
Yes or no What do u guys think
Sitting in my room listening to the rock it out playlist on my iTunes trying to be happy :
Short skirt and a long pancake?
very good to hear, tell him to tweet more, he fell off my twitter radar.
still up working on my pitches
ColdChills : 41 damn this a great song 
more than expecting.
To all the women on twitter Happy Intl Woman's Day!
I am by my self
I swear, I will never forget how he broke my heart.
But I promise he will never forget how I found someone to fix it.
Girls who act dumb on purpose 
Scandal ABC congrats, love this show, you ladies ROCK!!!
you can also email directly  let us know your site and we can take a look at the support login issue.
Thanks!
I think we have to understand, and he has to understand, how it happens and continue to apply
Your importing options are really easy to use.
Nicely done.
Now on to copy.
Second lunch meeting over.
And by lunch meeting I mean meeting scheduled during lunch, not a meeting providing lunch.
If it's too late for that, then don't let them trick you into putting your pants back on.
Go big or go home.
what's up man how is the acting?
Girls local vball results: Midlo over Monacan, JRHS/Clover Hill, Matoaca/Pr Grge, Steward/St.
Margaret's, St.
Catherine/St.
Gertrude
When will this team make the leap past medicority
AskAlexConstancio did you just read this tweet?
in just a few more day's plz
Of course, I don't tell them I usually SPEND more on dolls than I make.
whistle
well my name shouldn't have been in UR anything!!!
U don't kno me!!!
putting off thinking about/realizing the 'G'word, ; Good luck with everything, Rob
i get so pissed off when someone calls me when i'm sleeping
Summer means nothing to me.
Just heat strokes, and a lot more work
you guys have to win like it must happen.
:
So a couple of geeks at work stood over my desk and talked about who I should be more afraid of.
I'll say again:
A low carb diet: Good for us, and good for the planet.
Thanks for sharing your metrics process and admitting how much work it is!
acceptable substitute.
I can never depend on people god damn
Don't judge me unless you know me.
Don't underestimate me unless you've challenged me.
Don't talk about me unless you've talked to me.
Listening now hurly gurdy man by the iconic
I will come and hang this Saturday!
Kids Cooking Videos These kids cooking videos are a great way to teach kids how to cook.
Use these videos to make fun recipe
Bro do you know much about Dubai?
Faith is the vision of the heart; it sees God in the dark as well as in the day.
Ugh...moving.
My next three weeks cannot move quickly enough.
Meow, the nationally famous 39pound cat, has died of pulmonary failure in a Santa Fe animal shelter.
Last Thursday, he had begun wheezing.
Im so glad i found out about Austin and I because a Mahomie.
Im so much happier now!
ya'llz better get better.
i dont want that ish all up in ma face u feel....
im kidding baby, i love you and get better3
or at least until you pee...
Love is on my list of things to do
In Motley, at Lexi's game...
like when you see super feminine shoes at Nordstrom excited????
it sure is
: When my youth leader comes up to me and says Your new boy is cute, I seen him on Facebook with you!
LOVE UR VIDS!
especially Justin's curretn voice Kiss and TELL
Fear feeds the devil but faith feeds God
Wish i was in NYC right now for the tree lighting
Everyone, go follow !
She will follow back!
Hi baby I miss you iam still in Atlanta waitin on you to get out miss you baby
what is it?:
that is quite possibly the most offensive thing i've ever seen.
my determination to hate you is renewed.
es  shes like hurry up  find it bcause myh dad gave it to her when they started dating stuff valuablestuff :
Everyone can have a unique message of their own of course.
Though when you guys show your ideas I can't help but think Not a bad idea..
Hows it going?
Did you see I found you on squidoo and read a few of your lenses?
Old man, look at my life, I'm a lot like you were.
stronger on repeat tonight 
I am lol it's just bruised
oh cool, thanks for sharing  ill check it out!
It is still winter time, y do i c people with shorts on this early n the mornin and its only 42 degrees.
It's no where near 70 yet
it only takes one?
I want to live there!
Happy Mothers Day!
Gerber Walking Dead blades make great gifts.
Bought 3 Gator Pro machete as gifts, 2 if you consider I bought one for me.
Sweet.
I have the pocketwizards, no worries.
I will chat  you later.
I should really think about going into
AH!
That is exciting!
Which locations are you thinking about?
We all love you too 3!!
Be ICONic ...
Right There..
Yeah Buddy!!!
Do you mean main character or lead actor?
If the latter, one obvs.
answer might be doctor Who.
That's a strange case, tho.
narrative made THE SCORCHERS more exciting than first person...
Time to proof it
Stop by for cupcakes and coffee in Suite 1507 of the We are celebrating our new award winning collection!
Been waiting three weeks for my ProA12's.
The anticipation is like Christmas morning!
When you lie the lie get worst there's no way to Stop it!
: it 's all my fault.
So so sorry
is your BBM still down?
show is great...it started off great and I know it will end great....
:
RT : 3 audition cities down..1 to go!
LA ARE YOU READY?!?!?!
LMAO I think the same thing.
Why haven't we been back?
It was all Cold War bullshit
good morning Vin!
I'm good!
How's your work?
!!What's up DENVER!!
We can't fuckin wait to see all u wicked mother fuckers at the Gothic on Sunday!!
It's gonna be a sick ASS show!
damn caf food got my stomach acting all funny..smh!
I try to do that in weekendlong increments each year, it seems.
A great eating city.
Still into highschool girls I see.
Sicko.
Hey, guess my phones autocorrect is still right.
Perry has moved on to thanking people and giving shout outs
Loved loved loved the Vatican comment....
sacscoc NeXt Gen utility imperativeno information without application
Artists remember to visit the opportunities and resources tab on our website on a weekly basis!
I always think ShamelessProductPlacement but secretly hope don'tlabelme
Have to say, it's pretty sweet to have a business concept that can be run from an iPad.
heyy..
I hope you have a good day mahomie!yee I 3 you....
Cleaning my room and putting ALL the things away.
Then homework, band, and more homework.
Just as I were to officially place this week into the L column, announces .fun playing the Oasis.
Woo!
What are/did you ordering?:
Movie theaters make me sleepy!!!
A beautiful Friday in Colorado.
The birds are chirping, the sun is shining  all seems right.
I wish I could share my peace w/the world.
So not ready for show choir performance tomorrow!
i'm doing well as always!
Bout to go swimming
I just knocked again and someone looked out at me.
I couldn't tell if it was Chris or not.
On the plane sitting next to a baby that has clearly mastered the art of nonstop crying.
s/o to this silly ass foo here from Knox Town
On the phone with : .
He's madd Cool
This movie sucks
Why is so great at the beginning of the flight and so slow at the end?
And why is captainHA necessary?
Cultural Heritage community needs to work on explaining value of Linked Open Data
Yes!
Excited about this organization and the opportunity.
Thanks!
The aggregate of weak ties can create strong impacts.
You learn from people you don't know well.
Happy Chinese New Year, especially to fellow doctorgons!
Just being awesome.
Chris Bosh, on what hell be doing on the Heats bench tonight.
via
Nearly blew a gasket watching the Lakers last night.
Up by 2 going into the 4th quarter means we usually win, not get out scored by 9.
I don't understand why girls put in so much effort to look cute at school.
Who are you trying to impress?
Who are you and what have you done with John Klima?
;
let my no my dude
OAP integration with Ultracart has stopped working over 4 days ago.This is getting embarrassing...
Refund requests and all...
:
srry cause i move srry im so srry do u 4 give me
Took a half mile walk this morning in beautiful Keystone, CO.
Gasp.
I need oxygen.
Living in MD has depleted my red blood cell supply.
thanks for the RT love!
oh hell no.
I'm pulling up in school now :l
Rocco's tacos weak doctornks....
WHIP CREAM WALLSTREET......Also FUN !!!!!
RT I feel lazier than the guy who doctorw the Japanese flag.
What a semester this has been!
Between teaching, job market, and writing, I've missed my Twitter cohort.
Hope everyone has felt productive.
my science teacher was like people was talking about the doomsday shit and how something was gone happen today lol damn
Maybe, but certainly not too late for a post meeting doctornk.
coolest 2 days of my life.
Red or blue, you gotta love these boys.
Pretty stand up of you, Ev.
Thanks.
M...
Victor from Dance Moms is perfection.
:
Why I love Mos Wanted Crew.
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.
Theodore Roosevelt
Patron you my nigga .
Overdoctorve Tutorial: Downloading EBooks is being held at the Main Library on May 19th at 12 p.m.
Beukes, Zoo City.
A reviled minority in nearfuture dystopian Johannesburg has familiars and magical talents.
Cyberpunk meets urban fantasy
thank you, i thought it was too much at first !
lol
People can't handle the truth.
your welcome :
: i'm feeling sexy  free.
she likes guys that are older than me  she likes guys who have done half of what i've done in twice the amount of time.
tired sleepy wtf
Sikk side and this Shit is history in the making fool
Hopefully my food is done in the oven soon
Hey, I hear you have something in common with Ryan Seacrest.
Hi......i m a big fan....plz tel me how cum u r so short but so hot
Hey US Muslims, SPEAK UP!
If you love the US then stand up for it.
well go ask cause aunt tang wants to know and I told her I was going already
ThingsPeopleHaveToStopDoing following what they see and become a leader on what they wanna do
I wish my love life was like an Al Green song...
okay, well now I feel stupid..
The latest Woodburn High School changes next w/Tim Riley
Worst part about seeing musicals is laying in bed in the middle of the night w/ the songs stuck in your head.
he had it coming..
This reminds me of a quote from the movie The Big Lebowski: The Dude: That rug really tied the room together.
Off to New York to see how much food I can sample in five days!
If you play connectthedots with the stains on my shirt, it reveals a picture of a grown man who needs to use a bib.
Said the exact same thing on the petition that's circulating.
We deserve to know how this happened and what'll happen next.
Yeah, having to weave through throngs of tourists when I'm trying to get somewhere in a hurry sucks.
A lot!
Looking for best Japanese restaurant in town?
miku across convention center AERA12 AERA2012 simply orgasmic
The poor will freeze/die of heat stroke if they turn off that coal fired power plant.
Green electricity cost 900 more.
MyWorldTourMemory when I say Justin you say bieber.
Justin..
Bieber..
Justin..
Bieber.
When I say one you say time, one..
Time..
One..
Time
Live with ps on mainstream az.
random stuff to be heard from all of us at to all of you.
stop by.
only four days until strawberry season begins.
yum!!!!!
Watching The Seven Year Itch, then going to bed.
3
Damn my city needs to be on.
Niggas getting racks to spit garbage.
wow jazmin you mad it seem really dumb aint that.dog there??
WE D.J.'s HAVE TO KEEP THE TORCH LIT, WE R THE HEARTBEAT OF THE HIP HOP CULTURE!!!!!
I wanna get a couples massage for me and my boo:
i agree with you
packing up for the NYC book launch
To the person singing loudly in the unit upstairs: shut up.
um im not black.
im mixed.
thanks!
:
Do u ever wake up in the middle of the night n wonder if the one person u truly love is thinking about u like ur thinking about him or her
very productive for a change, lol  and yours?
Link popularity analysis toolscheck who's linking to you and your competitors.
Popular tools: SEOMoz and MajesticSEO, says
THANK U HE IS SLEEPING NOW LOTS OF TREATMENTS TODAY POOR GUY I JUST WANT HIM HOME BUT BETTER HUGS
Broke 2 of my cardinal rules for church clothes.
I let my son wear shorts  I wore flip flops.
In my defense, they are leather  sequined.
I was sampling.
I didn't eat it all, lol
Is it wrong that I'm seriously considering making an reservation based on whether the host is involved in a startup?
America's Got Talent former starEli Mattson is at Ivory Room tonight!
7:30pm, doors open :30pm...we still have tix left get them at th ...
RT : Did u know 13 million kids get bullied every year?
Show your support for BullyMovie and RT  movie opens tomorrow...
oomf just txt me and thats my word i was about to txt him first !
can you PLEASE send a shout out to Chula Vista!
thank u
If follow me I will die I already had a rt by him I almost died but when he follow me I will die
you're welcome ma'am
Can't sleep.
Nothing good on tv.
Ah, I never went with that union shit chief!
RT : u guys paint in the union?
Varitek is mushing him with a catcher's mitt while wearing a mask and full gear..
Bahhhston would take pride in that
Bass is knocking my shirt
Free promotion for followers.
Hundoctords can be got fast.
Try it out.
do you follow4follow?
let's trade.
: 3 u
not the indoor soccer I play!
I love smallvllie lois and clark belong together
My momWow!:P
Just back from a night hike!
lol, i wish i stayed home today
that's a piece of what we need you to deliver for us u streaming it?
Last night was a blast at The People's Choice Awards.
Very talented group of middle school musicians from Dana performing before the meeting.
Great stuff!
Have fun at the game!
RT Blackhawks game tonight
Hm.
Ok.
I'll have to think about it, I guess.
Thanks Marlow!
we're working on it, thanks for bearing with us!
I really wanna go Thrifting today.!!
Grenades were invented in China over 1,000 years ago.
I'm not looking forward to working this black friday..
I'm ahmazing!
You?
to your job?
Or the new one?
Watched RedState by the genius that is  Just as badass the 2nd time around.
You're welcome and have a great day too!
Your idiotic belief in The Bible doesn't preclude other's civil rights.
U kidding me Durant!!??
Bord as hell !
Eyy guys!
So It would be super epic if you followed because he is super fricken amazing!
I will give you a cupcake if you do!
TONIGHT: pork belly; spiced Lamb Tbones; bacon wrapped monk fish w/shrimp cream sauce; Berkshire pork chop w/ forest mushroom sauce.
What is a pocketbook?
It's either a purse or a bag you dumb bitch.
Pocketbook makes no fucking sense!
ok, standby please.
i'll check this
lol ok im fina inbox uh
can you DM justin bieber for me please ?
yes!!
Congratulations, guapa!!!
One week from today, we'll be getting ready for another amazing First Steps to Success event in Chicago.
What will you be doing?...
I just bought the mac book air and not sure why I didn't have one before.
Have a great vacation!
Happy early Easter, if ya celebrate!
Honestly, that's would be my biggest concern as well.
its close but dew
Thanks to for the opportunity to sit on the ECE panel during their Classrooms to Capitol Hill conference today!
Ha!
That would be a mess.
LOL!
they might not hang around the whole season, but the Mets are fun as hell to watch this year.
Happy New Year from LB Hydoctorbikes!
We have some fun things in store for 2011!
HOLY SHIT.
finally built a contact importer.
No big deal, I've only been waiting for this for five years.
Conceptual objects tell the story of the research.
Smithsonian presentation on repositoryenabled VRE at
I'm not hungry
Ancestry.com's wild card searches not working.
Using an asterisk for birth place, nothing found.
Anyone else experienced this?
GRRRR!
I also wish you could send me 15 ibs of chocolate.
To share, of course.
listening to Circa Survive.
Anthony Green's voice3
Or ignore me.
That works too I guess.

Thanks for following
yes!
I'm scared to see how big he gets when he hits puberty...
I have my cat to protect me :3
Hi again, TR needs 1 person from every state in the USA, earn commission just by tweeting more info
aww thanks sam!
I'll miss you too  I'll bring you back something :
I just entered win to a XPS 13 Ultrabook from
Ayers: Mapping shows us where things did not happen as much as where they did happen.
I got hacked.
DO NOT open any links from me.
Changed my password.
Damn those hackers...
Big day!
SMBFW and USFFW alumni panel with and twitterless JSims on video in our jobs/life.
Best of show goes to !
For their Scion interactive game and site.
Congratulations!!
Time to celebrate!
You Beautiful , You Have Sexy Lips : And Your Name !
Redneck sin number 1 saying the pledge without your hand on your heart
mwa thanks love me too!
Very happy about I and in the end the results will be worth it 
Housework, work, work.
Turn on computer and schoolwork, work, work.
Turn off computer and back to housework.
Any Portland psychologists want to explain our fascination with the 4th of july and more specifically why we enjoy things that blow up?
hey beautiful ; hah
eyes wide shut
I'm dying right now.
Oh Pell no!
Bumpin That New Miguel Song Called Quickie......I May Have To Remix It Breeze DTA...
So is your face.
Yup  refs so antiSaints!
RT : F the refs.
, seriously look at that strangling of Brees.
oh a new thing.
don't wanna put a label on it just yet  I understand.
I have a younger sister, you?
Do you guys have events that you need EMS support onsite?
Really not feeling the fun for today
Even if you are on the right track, you will get run over if you just sit there.
Will Rogers
RT from Iran: Unconfirmed  the military has refused orders to shoot protesters 
Da paparazzi took a photo of Whitney Houston dead in er casket and sold it to the national inquirer,,,do u still wanna be famous???
I was wondering if you could settle something for me, do you tip on takeout?
I'm going to be in Los Angeles on Mon and Tues of next week.
If people are about in the late evening, it might be nice to say hello :
Wish me luck.
Details some other time.
ms.
you have such a lovely voice.
this is the reason y i love u so much.
tears.
you r the sexiest rapppin white girl i've seen.
glad you didn't die
first lesson math?
me too :/ but tomorrow i have two math, horror : 
Good call on Bishop's part to avoid distorting the ballot
FF , In the military, thanks my friend...
he works at the carnival with tbone, mister B and the crackhead pro shop worker
Want to do lunch?
Boyfriend no.1 on iTunes!
:D Proud of you
Everybody has great ideas.The successful act on them.
come Friday with us Seth
If you don't know how to properly put your condom on then come to my bed and I will show ya on my stiffy.
Then insert in the exit.
;
Natural Health and Wellness Radio Product professorle Mar  Vitalizer  Omega Guard on www.ESHKRadio.com.
Congrats to the 28 African American boys from Oakland who received perfect scores on the 2011 STAR exam.
You are our future leaders!
HG
Holy shit Cat/Man and skeleton doctorgons?!
This game is badass.
Night TweetHearts 3 lovin' this thunderlightning!
Makes me sleep like a baby!
He said it!
A friend is nothing but a known enemy.
Kurt Cobain
Over bleacher report and twitter.
I've never actually met him in real life lol.
awesome day, better night!!!
69 Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support 474 9988 TampaClearwater Call NOW..............
Style Test doctorve: We Catch Scarlet Fever!
Red has definitely been the hottest hair color of 2011 and it doesn 't look like the
can't sleep :
This Homeless Dude On West Rd Sign Say To Ugly To Be A Prostitute And To Pretty To Be Poor Help Me
you guys should do sweet tuu
did you know there was a great game that was played today
Preparing to teach Chehov's short story Enemies tonight at San Quentin Prison.
play your best without gamesmanship and let chips fall where they may.
If your integrity doesn't impress them, nothing will.
Did you get into the series FlashForward when it was on a couple years back?
JustRememberThat We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence then, is not an act, but a habit.
Aristotle
About to set up at the WH BrewFest...
Come out and see me in VIP!
Today in actualPRpitches: TRULY APPRECIATE IT IF YOU CAN POST ONLINE.
THANKS!
in huge red letters.
The news?
A movie showing in CA
Lady Antebellum  Darius Rucker are coming to rock you in Bank Of Oklahoma Center Tulsa, OK on 1272012.
Get your tickets now: 8884930004
O, that makes me wanna fap it!!
Hey whats Jim doing?
Awww dang.
He's getting milk from that cow like a baby calf.
I miss being 21 :
SO MUCH TO DO.
you were my first.
I Obey!
RT : The rulebook!!
OBEY THE FLOAT!!
There is no place like NYC in the world.
It is a great experience for a young person.
has anyone used phpBB for discussions in online classes?
any other discussion platforms I should try?
Does Jenn tweet much anymore?
Her tweet handle never populates 4 me and I don't know it completely off top of of head lol sparklez something
No one knows how I feel about you but you, But no one understands why I still go back to you after you hurt me the way you did..
The burning fire smell just hit the office with a vengeance and boy is it nauseating.

don't worry we ladies move in the same circles
What's the difference between sanchez and romo...
Sanchez chokes in all 4 quarters
What's a good radio station in the San Fran to San Jose corridor?
I will give away a follow to anyone who tweets me a doctorwing of myself hitting Hartnell in the face with a bottle of booze.
omg omg i juz saw this rite now .
twizzlers DO hurt alot 0.0 no wonder he said that xD
Rangers.
Let's go
thanks, I'll check it out since Directv thinks they're too good to have it
sadly even with all the tech talent in Baltimore, city govt is too ignorant to doctorw on it for its own good.
It's offical, SAG and AFTRA have now merged into a single union.
What that means however is anyone's guess.
Q: Interview tricks?
A: Do your homework on the interviewee  write a handwritten thankyou note.
Success begins with an imagination
Merry Christmas Everyone!
j got it and accepted it
Once received counterfeit bills at my book fair.
The mess that caused.
Nothing like a police investigation  the local book fair
buildathon2012 opening press conferences w/ starts in 5 min!
Always appreciated.
Conan O'Brien is the type of guy who'd bid 400 on The Price is Right....Jay Leno is the type who'd bid 401.
THANK YOU to all who came out last nite as we opened for OUMOU SANGARE.
next gig aug 7.
RSVP or DM for addoctorss...
loft party limited invites
Exciting and relaxing holidays in the Lanikai Beach Hawaii
LoveBieberBecause he is Talented Awesome HAWT Grateful Nice Cute and because well his
you should give all you est producers a freestyle to remix
If you're making cats in space videos...I want in!!!!
sure thing!

Me, too!
I especially love those itty bitty ketchup bottles you get when you order room service in Vegas, for example.
FACEBOOK SPECIAL 20 delivers ANYTHING till the 29th Computers, TV's, Furniture, Appliance Dont wait Special wont last long
Thanks!
I will!
Never a bright side when you lose to the Bears
Also 3/6 omaha h/l with full kill is going daily with 2 or 3 games at Hard Rock.
But now you're sitting here telling me that you deserve better this ttttiiiiiiimmmmeeeeee this time this time.
That's great to hear!
Let us know what you think about taking your learning on the go with the Andoctorid app!
seeing your face can brighten even the worst of days.
thank you austin : 3
TheyNeed2BringBack cartoons that had value and a real hero like he man, gi joe, and thundercats.
we should all reunite soon!
Let's just say I won't need any convincing to someday oversee the launch of Dtoid Paris personally :
The real winners in life cultivate optimism.
They have the ability to manufacture their own happiness and doctorve.
And you??
Agree  and yet that's also threatening for some of my colleagues, who are not used to transparency
WACsmash!
The arts collide in a night celebrating dance, film, spoken word and other artistic work created by UCLA students...
wow!
I assure you that he exaggerates.
You're more than welcome to use any last year's materials if they're useful!

;
Pure Classic!
Watching Alien 1979's director's cut in hd : fantastic .
So tired
All i will say for your daily tweet is....testicles..that is all.
Maybe i will get a tweet back finally!
following...can you please tweet something fascinating?
OWIF: He's able to do the worm uphill, downhill, from the car to the waterline...
You have fans everywhere.
I am the biggest Greg Stiemsma fan in the Southeast USA.
You rock!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mamas out there!!
Hey guys, I know we havent been doing videos for a while, but we have something coming soon!
Stay Alert!
:D
I just murdered dem tacos
yeshhh
that moment when you want that one person to text you back and you get a text from everyone else but them.
..To Study Business.
I Want To Give My Son The Best Life Possible.
And If That Means Studying, Going To Work  Taking Him To Daycare..
What are your predictions for Dancing with the Stars Season 9 Week ...
shit i cant tell, i thought u retired like mase
Because tobaccofree is the way to be!
bruins can't buy a goal.
Yes!
It's intense.
It leaves you totally spent but looking forward to more.
ha ha nice Sean
The golden rule in my house is If it's funny your not in trouble, unless it cost me money:
Congrats !
I'm sure little Wyatt is going to be cheering on the Broncos for years to come!
Most energy doctornks have around 75 mg except for 5 Hour Energy which has 207 mg despite being 1/4 the size of a Red Bull.
Of course!
I'll never have to walk more than 5 blocks!
my internship is in Union Square.
That's Nice To Hear3 And I'm Great: Thanks For Asking3 xx
Watching high fiedilty ...
The first time in 2012
Of course!
Love the Lucky Harbor books.
Looking forward to meeting you at Lori Foster's event.
:
Thank you SO much for having me on your call this morning!
Your support in music means the world to me!!
You are the best!!!
why do females get on fb and twitter and become hard to get and sought after all of a sudden???
we all gotta think about it.
Rebellions die out.
Change has the possibility of being more permanent
Not pretty.
Not skinny.
Not perfect.
Not bothered.
I think u should chaperone a date between and Emma Stone.
Im pissed BET aint on the COmcast where im at...im missing everything
I found my house :D I wanna get it so freaking bad!!!!
do players pick their intro song when they come to plate or does somebody else?
All of the lights was sick.
Wow!
isn't going to give away its NIT Champ spot easily.
2 pt game and only 46 seconds left.
double the cheese on mine fam
Fuck it, i'm sleepy..
RT : Not that I ever planned to watch America's Got Talent but the revelation Howard Stern is joining assures I never will
Thanks.
Glad you enjoyed it.
Thanks for mentions
Free community wide Easter egg hunt today!
Garrett hts elementary.
2800 ailsa ave.
Candy, prizes, and food.
stick your hand into my back pocket light me up like a bottle rocket, i just wanna free fall for a while.
Good Friday to everyone.
Must Jesus bear the cross alone and all the world go free?
No there's a cross for everyone and there's a cross 4 me
nice, go Celtics!
Hopefully I can get my packages from UPS today then find an outfit and shoes at the mall!!
God is in control, thank you Jesus
Yes I'm sorry!
I distracted myself!
:
Who was the greatest love of Frank Sinatras life?
Prom could have been better but seeing dance was worth it
We made the auditions for a small project record label.
in the basement of Reed.
By the staircase near the lecture halls.
Haha.
Crazy.
Thanks for the follow Adam.
I'm enjoying reading some of the articles in your tweets!
Ok Criss heres the thing.N im bein honest n tru so please dnt think less of me.um I hear voices n idk why.What do u think it is?
maybe maybe not maybe I want some attention from you :
Valid point.
I already secured complete outlines for my 2 hardest classes next semester.
:
There ate few things that smell as bad as a blooming Bradford Pear tree.
They smell like garbage!
56 of all women carry condoms.
The other 44 carry babies.
Someday I'll take a ship up the Rhine like my folks did in the 60s, doctornking German white wines and visiting castles.
Ted says he is perfect.
A perfect asshole and a dick
This world can make you feel small...not me not today
Getting ready for my meeting with moversandshakers we're gonna change the world :
Will most assuredly miss my awesome cousins:'
Would you, could you, follow ?
Of course you can.
Happy New Year !
Looking forward to showing you around the HolyLand in 2012!
I never figured that one out either.
You make a good point!
Free promotion site url on my professorle.
.
Please follow me!
i'll follow back within 2 days :
Monday morning coffee is the best cup all week.
I bet knows what I'm sayin.
totally agree!
I liked her a lot!
What up chica??
U still good for the 27th??
With Cain out, Jerry Sandusky to announce his bid for GOP nomination.
RT : I believe in the underdog, who chases doctorams and breaks down walls.
The Lost Trailers
Fuck, I've been there for you when nobody else was, and this is how you fucking pay me back.
Fuck you, Fuck him, Fuck everything.
José Sanchis Sinisterra, writer of Ay, Carmela on artists and art lovers: People like you are in the business of nurturing the world
So uhh who is derek?
And why is he creeping
Screw this dysrhythmia test.
If I don't pass I don't pass and can take it again.
F'ING hell
Thanks for all your poker stories sent to keep them coming!
What??!
This place is crazy!
Go see JP, Chrissie  the Fairground Boys if they are heading your way.
Great show tonight at the Cat's Cradle in Carrboro, NC.
Thank you for ur support!
AGGIEPRIDE
It's debatable lol
The fact that I haven't done a single thing in any of my classes reinforces the fact that I should have stayed home today.
Thanks for recommending us!
what's good people it's cold as all hell outside
Test in Spanish Class!?!?!
WFT!!!
Walked in Jim n' Nick's...
1 hr wait to be seated..
Checked out the bar and it was empty.
No wait for me.
mark is valued
Cockness
omw too church much needed
It's that time of the week again, folks!
PubQuiz starts in 30 minutes.
Thank you for a wonderful meal.
The shrimp and grits were fantastic but I will be doctoraming of that butterfish.
Snowden's finally releasing a new album.
I can't wait!
To accomplish great things, we must doctoram as well as act.
;
hooray!
got to wear shorts and sandals for the first time this year today!
Gone are the bold bright highlights of summer's past!
This year's runway hair colors are ranging from solid auburn to red to platinum blonde
Nah I Would LOVE To See That!
I was to hyper in orchestra today
Both of my daughters were born on the 18th!!
COME ON BRONCOS!!
Get us some Manning!!!
Ha I got an IPhone
Can't wait to whoop centennial's ass later.
Me and brenna talked about it, were going to hitchhike to Miami this summer to see WERE COMING AUSTIN!!!!!
No matter how bad my day is can always make it better!
Goodmorning everyone!
Thanks to all of you wonderfully supportive people who told sumerian about us.
You guys did beyond great!
I bet he is totally fine and I am making this trip for nothing.
Doh!
Follow !
Assistant Editor of Stereophonic and Executive Assistant for Cannaphonic Records LLC.
stereophonic.cannaphonic.com
the tweets lured my wife  me to this morning.
Having a cup o joe waiting for the eggs!
Nice crowd, lots of locals!
And the Royals could probably use the extra revenue from naming rights more than anyone!
: Cincinnati see y'all tonight!
Crushin up some new jams.
teamGRiZ in the building!
yeah buddy
guess your ears were burning huh?
Lol
studyudyudy for my last final!
what does your busy day consist of?
Would love to!
I'll shoot ya an email and we'll grab a bite...
thanks for the
Ok ok...no more
That moment when your best friend wont tell you wats wrong make me think i am not a good friend u know who im talking about!
Had an awesome shoot!!
I'll go one further and say Freakazoid.
How was everyone's Christmas?
sorry babe I'm at the bucco game.
:
LA tomorrow
Not how u start but how u finish
i lost my phone today f in sucks
Follow  ReTweet This!
We're aiming for 300,000 followers b4 HopeMob launches in 7 days!
NO WAY!!
116 of 200 miles in 4 hours.
AUSDLS doctorve on TG is like Gilligan's tour: s/b 3 hrs, but may never get home.
Gilligan  Ginger are napping.
CHEER UP.
Fuck.., That Kid is a BIRD if he makes you feel like this Constantly.
Emphasis on the Fuck and BIRD
Eric Church's Chief certified gold!
Congrats to Jeff Hyde and Jeremy Crady!
THEN ILL TAKE BEING DEAD OVER GRADUATION ANYDAY.
Work in the am fml :/
Good to know!
A lot of players I really like are still available.
Hope they pull the trigger, and don't doctorft QB till tomorrow.
Wow!
What were the first two?
RT : Hey, I'm a Master today!
It's my third graduation ceremony from NYU :
Comida from next door smells so.
Good I'm hungry
I have a BIG announcement to make very soon!
Just finalizing a few details : and no I'm not preggers ; lol
good luck :
Hiking and camping Little Harbor on Catalina Island this weekend for my birthday.
Friday morning can't come quickly enough!
Can't wait!
: doctornkin a newcastle in bed.
that's badass!
solid....what hood?
my dog burps more than a person lol
right, now I agree
band practice today, we have 2 songs we're gonna work on that aren't on our new album, not sure if its a good thing or not ...
; 
we shouldnt say blows thats and favorite band
Operation doctornken cheesecakes is in full effect!
Taking a quick trip to the RGV!
Excited for Caleb and Shana's wedding tomorrow!!
Jazz Night Schedule for February 10  doctord Scott, Baltimore Blast via
babes birthdays on sunday D: WTF am i going to get him !!!
It's still Gnome 3, but more reasonable.
I miss you :
Thanks for shout out
lol that's messed up
Up ready to rock and roll.
Who I am going to bless today?
so true so true...lol
you were a great addition.
Even though my husband wasn't DPOY, a champion still won it.
Me and just saw some chick get chased down by security in the mall for stealing hellaaa merch hahahaha
Yayy 3 hahaha.
Do you know what song you are doing?
Just realized how true this is4 me...yes, I'm an Aries!
lol
Our students have benefited from using iPads.
In 8 weeks, our students grew 1.4 grade levels in a learning goal!!!
Great news!
Can't wait to learn more about the survey results :.
Diesel.
Saturday night.
Whos coming with me???
I need to do something productive.
GYM!
NEW VIDEO from Blues Alley CD Release Party coming soon!!
great to meet you f2f today too!!
will track you down later this summer :
Thanks for your attendance at the International Sweetherts discussion, they were truly an inspiration
you portrayed him well....
wait time is critical to using questions, allow the space for reflections about that wonderful question you asked
Fluery is rock solid right now!
Go
IS IN FLORIDA?!
HOLY TGRNBTRJKBNTRKLBNTRJLBNRLN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'M FREAKIN OUT HERE!
OHMYGOOOOOSHHHHHHHHHHHHH!
Give us a call now at 3032971510 and let your voice be heard!
Djokovic and Monaco are fucking going at it!
Comedy is very controlling  you are making people laugh
not I said the cat.
I do have a copy from last year though.
A Bootleg Movie Aint A Real Bootleg UNLESS U Got Somebody Walk'N Infront Of The Camera NggaMove
okay then
Just got followed by , that's how you know you've made it
We can't wait for you to come worship with us!
It will be great!
love how pissed pete is that he has to eat from a box of cereal and trudy's not wearing form fitting clothes.
GO TRUDY.
Forgot a chap stick today...
knows the torture this puts me through...
Absolutely.
Sometimes I add a side of fries, animal style as well!
:
effin awesomeness!
Yessum 11 amazing years my loyalaversary is coming up in december :
Home.
Must sleep.
doctorams and reality and movies blurring together.
Jeff gordon!
I'm either going apple or
A miracle in a 3 alarm fire: a cat found in a Vancouver apartment 13 hours after the blaze looking for his/her owner
Had a great conversation w/ while waiting for Men's Bible Study.
Only chance of snow for Upper Midwest/Great Lakes, attm, looks to be later Weds  Thurs as polar front sweeps thru area; looking light attm
Sam is Dead
i was gonna call , but I came across an Ipad instead...
hahhaha so do you and you don't know how to reply?
it's surprising.
They used something from Pet Sounds last episode.
You'd assume, too obvious, but no.
It works.
A call for us and a fan who know long a match is would be nice.
The more successful / the more stressful JayZ
only reason is Kuz he been in the game longer
that townhome in London and all those other properties are worth how much??
Why aren't they cutting those xtras?
: so true and SO annoying!
Soccer training tonight for the U9U13 girls  an assessment.
69PM
now, I listening happysadgreat polish band :D what is your favourite paramore song?
Anybody have a hook up on free moving boxes somewhere?
oh ok..
I wish I didn't so much but I love my job!
Orlandomagic showing little life except for Big Baby in blowout loss to Pacers
...
Torchlight is a game?
cutting up the Finals right now for rebroadcast.
Sounding awesome!
Omg...
is starting to get it...
If Desmond Howard says it, it must be true.
I'll be tuning in.
Meeting nana was the best thing that happened to me.
ImHappy because God has all the control over my life!
GloriousSurrender Let's surrender everything to God and His will.
His will be done
Take a look specifically at the agent information in foreclosures, etc.
Will this help or hurt you when it comes to Buyers?
Jonathan Frid lived a long and active life as a prolific actor and storyteller.
Welldone good Sir.
I know I'm not supposed to tweet and doctorve but don't worry.
No one is moving.
Thanks for a lovely rush hour DC.
YAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!
WE ARE ALMOST AT THE FINISH LINE
Listening to Heartbeat on the way to the function.
Or the after function.
that goes without saying bro and it will only get better tonight
haha but what about the lips :P
Wow, you were attacking Mitt not so long ago...
Thank you NBA for not scheduling the Cavs on christmas.
The last thing Cleveland needs is to be disappointed 2 days in a row.
well damn..
Ok now your just making stats up.
That or the 6 hole has been no more productive than the pitching rotation.
I'm just trying twitter out.
I see u on here too though!
Lol
Childoctorn involved involvement in a worship service is always a good time and always a blessing.
call me!
Decided to go home early.
We have no days off this month nor next month and we get out the last week of May.
WHAT THE FUCK.
www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic BEKA  the GIN HALL HUSTLERS 
we absolutely ADORED having you.
Thank you for sharing your time and AMAZING talents with !
If knowing I'm cute means I'm cocky well oh well lol
haha!
Awman that's not well :/ I'm right here searchin on netflix when there's no comcast.
Juliet.
It's not even close.
At last, the BIG question: Is there measurable lead generation in SocialMedia?
Well done, that man.
media is boycotting truth  unless we're using math, then the only option left thats universal is
Dinnertime Twexit x
If Tenn wasn't stuck in the same conf w/ UK, do u think they would've kept us on their schedule in FB?
I don't.
; go to sleep
sentence stems that are malleable neat stuff for exploring repetition/parallels for sure Many Eyes has a lot more tricks
thanks for the RT!
I'm about to put my meter in the street and run over it.
Codirectors Emad Burnat  Guy Davidi are both in town for their New Directors/New Films screenings of 5 BROKEN CAMERAS today and tomorrow.
?
Of Day.....How many goaltendings did Tim Duncan get called for over tbe last three seasons?
yes clean roads this morning  it was nice!
lots of shoveling heavy wet snow last night  had enough of winter already!
you have time to watch football during BarCamp weekend?
Yeesh, sorry.
Specialstrange fruit project
Join tom.
Nov.
17!
Radio Green Talk 11am EST to discuss CA's Edu.
Envt.
Initiative w Andoctora Lewis  Bryan Ehlers www.wsmnradio.com
I am not supposed to feel like this all day............Morning/Noon  Night Sickness....yuck
Casey!
With a walk..
Wow im fucked up
I need blueberry donuts right now.
Someone bring them to me.
Ill be the one inside my house asleep.
Just leave them under my pillow.
thanks
Stop being inspirational.
Angry works for you : Let it go.
Your most important break is your next one.
Ahh, yup.
Order 2 universe will b restored nxt wk,  Avg slant pass  amaz stiff arm  speed who gets the credit ?
Off to Walmart in my comfortable clothes.
Not tryin to impress anyone today lol.
Is it time for the StGermain yet?
fair enough.
whew.
i barely avoided that one...
I was caught looking at pens at work, my bad
Being normal just isn't normal...
RT : When ur feeling down just be thankful for what you got in life ..
I thought you were supposed to go home?!
Yes!
NASCAR is on ESPN
yo, been busy.
Bummed couldn't make ur wrkshp again.
Was filming.
Tonight is ladies night.
So that means 5 Three Olives doctornks and 3 wines.
Cool, besides the general subject that is PC's, perhaps I can blog about something specific?
Any ideas?
I want a spanish girlfriend but I used to like a lot of asian girls.
we can meet at wetzel pretzel after the game
hahaz so have i!
u be Troy, I be SHARPAY!!!
; 111
And for this reason, Toyota Prius came up
I swear , if one more old ass guy stares at my ass .
.
.
UH OH PEOPLE PLAYING FACE DOWN ON THE TL............
OMG I miss you OMG what are you doing up
DO U PREFER TEXAS OR MIAMI?
All my followers make sure y'all check me out tomorrow at the Haven lounge tomorrow
At the Hudson Valley Green Real Estate Conference
we have sold 118 Living Social Coupons!
INDIANAPOLIS!
LET'S BUY THEM REMAINING 582  I'M doctorWING FREE YEAR OF BOOT CAMP!
VALUED AT 900!
i want a paper doll :
APD takes impostors very seriously.
Except that time fakeCraigslistCop got a pic of himself in uniform posing in front of a real APD cop car
Don't get all the fuss about TheDescendants...wasn't that good...at all.
I can't it was off of hers
I like your style
RT : RT : There were more books published this week than there were in all of 1950.
What are you mixed with ?
Don't talk business all the time on social media to engage
Can you believe Jenifer hudson?
So gorgeous ...
Hurray for the weekend.
Time to get nice and cozy and start to unwind from the long work week.
just got into the office!
Gonna rock out this thurs.
You?
Cant wait to see you this Sunday in SF!
woohoo glad you guys finally made it!
Where is Urban Taco?
I will be in San Antonio 12/16  12/27 and may be able to go there.
hahahahaha that really sucks
and Lindsay just enjoyed lunch with Mongo  Penny Stroud in Nashville!
RT : Calling yourself the President of a oneman business is kinda like saying you're the General of an invisible army.
that is just a horrible sentence.
when the sun hits the lens of the frogskins...
fuck'n laser tag...
Anyway, we will now return to our usual Twitter silence.
yay ;D lol we need to chill
I hate Duke more than I want my bracket to win.
i appreciate the game of golf and its players but you know what's more exciting than watching it?
a staring contest with a gnome.
.'s DC Stand Against Racism event w/ youth focus is on for 4/29.
Also keep an ear out for upcoming networking event in DC!
It sucks when you know that one person will always have your heart, no matter what.
La Mia Bella Vita
I'm supposed to describe a time I really enjoyed myself...
hmm.
Really enjoyed?
How much information do you want, perv?
;P
Please don't leave 47,000 NYC kids w/out day care and afterschool.
Invest in our future
fuck ya im Gunna pee in her later
yes it does
John Francis Dooley wipe the sleep from your eyes and embrace the light.
like two parts of a puzzle
I'm really sorry I can't take part, I just have loads to do this weekend
I hate to ask this, but do you think you could help me get more followers somehow?
Had to take a long walk just to see the sky.
Dj khalid runs me raged
I greatly enjoy cooking or baking  roasting all fun to me.
is hosting a cool discussion about content development with new media tools at 11am join us!
iLoveMyMomBecause she's a queen of her kingdom of boundless freedom and another 108965052 more reasons
Imagination is the one weapon we have in the war against reality.
Jules de Gaultier
Votto walk off grand slam.
What a wacky game.
tell that girl goodluck  just embrace the beast b/c it's not changing...
: Hence why I am looking for a new job /
If you not going to finish by 6pm, just say screw the chores and enjoy the rest of your day.
I didn't think Anže's shot got deflected...
Guess I was wrong.
Hey, go to the improv show with Nick.
If not, then take me.
Making some cookies!
Symptoms of Stage fright: doctor mouth Tight throat Sweaty hands Cold hands Shaky hands Nausea Fast pulse Shaky knees Trembling lips.
If someone disrespects your girlfriend, why would you want anything to do with that person?!
ThingsThatYouShouldKnow, Service to humanity is the best work of life!
Confucious say ...man who jump off cliff, jump to conclusion!
You guys rock....can i have ME3 now.....
I'm writing for 3 hrs or 20 pgs.
Whichever comes 2nd.
See you on the other side.
Things That Need To Stop The duck face.
Seriously girls, it's not attractive.
That moment when you wait for hours to enter an international contest and realize...you don't have a passport 0o
I think the stores of the subconscious are the only places that encourage you to shoplift.
Always.
RT Happy Thursday, y'all!
JK ITS THURDAY!
So glad tomorrow is friday!
Re.
hist.fic w/ lit figures: Ahab's Wife; Invitation to a Funeral; Dabydeen's Harlot's Progress
Wonderful news!
So excited for you and Stephanie...
please keep us posted!
Im back
Dissected a pig today.
Wait Ron Paul was still in it until today?
Lol.
Silly old man
I will now sit outside and watch the sunset over A mountain....
looking for the April Issue!!!
yeah i couldnt make it out : you guys coming to the throwdown on thursday?
caring is creepy
Forget the old program, EAT every 2 hours or so.
Breakfast  Snack  Lunch  Snack  Snack  Dinner  Snack ...
Your WeightLoss Coach
Writing is an exploration.
You start from nothing and learn as you go.
E.L.
Doctorow
She may have given you the key  access to her heart, but she can always have the locks changed.
one of those reflective days
I slide for my nigguh dawg , I slide for my nigguh
what did those teams do before he got there as the coach?
I rest my case
what school did you want to go to?
hell yea
So That Box Available For A Chicken Dinner And Complementary Beer?
?
It is SO cold outside.
Per Capita  By heads
Preparing for a presentation tomorrow on Delivering the WOW effect and why theming has become an important piece of the puzzle for FEC's.
One month with my beautiful girl3
big kiss
I thought I smelled something back there but it was just an old doctored up apple.
:
The food channel has wonderful recipes for quick and easy dishes.
TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS the Neely show
You think that it is over, when did it ever begin?
Oh New Jersey, I forgot how New Jersey you are...
is leaving Texas for Michigan today...My Hawaiian luau wedding reception countdown continues...3 days left until the party in Michigan!
feels good don't it
When teachers give you work time and laptops :
I'm up, I'm up...
Dang, weird doctoram I had.
I can all day until 510:30 because I have work
The rehearsal sounds good and we're ready to go.
4pm on
ImHopingThat i have plans with someone other than chris today 
I got hit in the but with a 24 pack too..
We did!
It's great!
We will definitely be posting it on our social media.
Thanks Yoni!
2611 N.
Bremen St in Riverwest.
hustle.
we're leaving for the weekend soon.
Getting the iPhone 4S this week.
Take note RT : If I say its a long story it doesnt mean its a long story...it means I just dont want to tell you.
long run day...outside...love the short winter, then cooking up chicago pizza
Looking forward to talk today at UIC!
It upsets me that I disappointed you.
was just on now out again....I have checked all connections and they are tight.
Tech can come anytime.
I will be here.
We equip hunting, fishing  outdoor industry businesses with custom apparel  promotional products.
It all boils down to branding.
Hit us!
I had a great time in Rome, visiting with family and friends and EATING!
I didn't want to come back.
I miss it too much!
THRILLED to be with Over 40 Females of Vero Beach yesterday!!
Will post photos soon...what a gorgeous town and incredible women!!
lmao Taylor put that , not me !
close your legs then
sounds good, see you at 6:30.
:
Tonight!
Rrazz Room!
Gershwin!
Can't wait!

shoutout !
Thanks for the follow I
Naw its just me
Back to scissor porn?
Iswear I can't remember anything this women have taught , only if they wasnt so boring.
it was great.
Did about 8 miles today.
And that's a wrap!
Exhausted.
Ready for tea  bed  my interview tomorrow!
Wish me luck!
And I'm out...
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
Ayn Rand
And right now, for Memorial Day Weekend, I'm running a Buy1Get1HalfOff deal.
More info on website: alamocitywellness.biz
Random FF of talented people:
Oh and about 9 people cornered mister Stewart for a good 15 mins
Amanda got me I'm in my IZZONE tshirt.
love it!
Going shopping :D
Customer service, two words that rarely work together!
Have an awesome Friday!
I'm in the office all day waiting for an important call.
If your God thinks I'm a bad person, he can tell me, not you.
:
This Saturday I will be in Orlando as a court jester fire breathing, then at The Green Iguana in Tampa for a big cat rescue charity event.
Am i forward thinking for trying to get my 3 year old to try things like greek food or indian, or am i just into self punishment??
Whoa, what's that mean?
I'm unfamiliar with this.
seeking a writer with exp creating web content.
prefer having exp writing for commercial real estate companies
I might as well.
I'm actually having a meeting here now.
remember what i told you.
lol
thanks, have you checked out Supernatural yet?
It's a lot different, but still a vampire story...
hope you like it though
RT soon im going to meet the top 5 biggest Mobb Deep fans !!!
Who me?
idk but I'd steer clear of us if you don't wanna catch anything!
but we all know that's impossible :
ha!
Love fairly odd parents!
thanks for following us!!
:
www.myspace.com/baddassmug3000 plz stop by the page nd show sum love nd suport the Da Come Up Movement!
yee!!!
yep!
Ping me when you plan to go!
Hahaha, no she didn't.
She didn't know you had such a good comeback!
;
RIP BIGGIE SMALLS
Wade!!!!
Wow what a shot !
Yup.
I can access it from any computer at any time.
Tech school FTW!
RT : Proud of RIT for keeping up with the times and teaching iOS5 and xCode 4.2 in native app dev.
I had Tudors this morning :
Hopefully this school year will be better than last..
Not sure what Unigo is but Go Hampshire!
RT 4 on list of brainiest colleges.
huff.to/r8bsnN
Welcome Lisa
It's like the old friends  bridges adage: If soso was to spend eternity in hell, would you abort your salvation, too?!?
On going saga; Thanks!
Hoping for big MothersDay sales at
again...great doctorss!1
heard you'll be home on the 22?
What's ur plans?
China Extends Reach Into International Art  New York Times
Did you know that you are supposed to replace your toothbrush every three months?
Toothbrushes make great stocking stuffers!
oh yea bra we gone turnup fareal this weekend SmartGirlDumbBooty SALUTETOYOU on a hitrecord to
Good Morning Beautiful day, on my way to make it a productive one!
salonflow Have a bless and wonderful day
make sure to throw away your clothes once you get back.
Either you decide you're going to do it, or you're not.
The in between doesn't get you anywhere.
have an amazing time enomis3333333333
If had a dollar for every time I hit Undo...
you were walking way ahead of me haha.
Thanks man I appreciate it!
Yes we did.
It was an awesome ride.
Just came up a little short
No Valentine?
No problem!
Come to Opal for 2 for 1 doctornks we've got plenty of Valentines here for you!!!
yeah I wouldn't call myself a music snob lol I like a lot of mainstream artists, I just wish those 3 were still here
Oh come on,  you know you love /cc
I wish I could send you facially hurt bitchs on a cruise str8 to hell!!!
Thomas!He came to La Rochelle,a redheadyou must have been there when he visited!non?
We've had only our civil ceremony yet;
Glass of '07 Syrah wine If you're at an OscarParty, what's on your plate or in your glass?
Ohio finishes the year ranked in the top 25!
What a season by the Bobcats!
So proud to be a student here.
i don't wanna D: i hate talking on the phone..
i can't stand it.
i'd rather talk in person.
i'm so awkward on the phone lmfao.
Follow new twitter page to keep up with all the latest Fresh kics updates.
This is now my personal page.
New Page Follow  RT
c u later,'babe :
There's always that one person at work that has the time to forward every damn email joke of the day known to man.
Stop emailing  work!

how much do you think it weighs?
for those in boston paying attention to that nonplayoff game...AGon just destroyed one.
It's the Friday before Spring Break and despite thinking I'd phone it in, I'm being productive?
Sometimes life is like a boxing match.
Bruised, hobbling, in pain, but then u land a combination that changes the game.
Boo I can't search for anything cuz I keep running up against the games web filter at work.
I'll send suggestions later!
It's been awhile.
Let's do this.
: Gm friend: feed my Konner good today!!!// lol hey friend...
imma try!!
Is anyone going out tonight?
I'm considering it.
So apparently no one in my office has ever heard of calling shenanigans.
Am I going crazy?!?
New update to FlashCards just released on AppStore.
Fixes bugsthanks to users who helped solve them.
Happy
That Steve Goto is a walking treasure trove of oneliners!
Vegas hot on rainbow and oquendo has a full schedule, not sure what reformer Pilates are exactly but u can check out their website
HuffPost by Bernie Sanders is a nice thought, but I'm still not moving back to a state with the highest taxes in the nation.
Remember how much fun you had coming up with good AOL screen names?
am not!

The awkward moment when you see twins fighting and one of them calls the other ugly.
:p
Prepare for the resource war of the future or put money  time to consumer better.
Someone broke into my car and stole my ipod and bluetooth!
SMH but God is still good!
Imma bounce back
.
I am so grateful for being the recipient and the bearer of good news!
will you be in town to see the parade w/ your family?
Amazing Grand Marshall this year, WWII hero Tom Griffin
What's the newest of your favorite brews?
Umm.
Okay then.
Wow.
Aby just licked my cheek.
AWKWARD!
Listen up Ohiothe latest study shows we are ranked as being the 18th fattest state.
I'm not happy about this!
GET UP AND MOVE ALREADY!!!
I can't believe I'm saying this but I hope it rains today so I don't feel so guilty staying inside to work on orders today.
when I figure it out, I'll tell you 
if you love doctorss up and party for Halloween then come down next Friday for a unique movie experience.
We have a ball game
...not used to feeling like a vikings fan...
No offense ladies with those last few tweets.
I'm just imagining things Kelly Kapoor, from The Office might say.
breaking news dies in 15 minutes
this sucks cahonas
No worries.
I have a plan.
Follow my other account!
:
tsdday Facebook is the most visited website in the Philippines.
Just applied to attend a conference at where I'm hoping to learn about professorssional opportunities at  in Philly.
.....
they keep asking him to leave when the want a picture with one of the guys.
Just cause he is Irish....
can i request a review copy of nurture by ?
Wrapping up our weekend Pageant Winners workshop in Greenville, MS.
I made it through another day's journey...
Goodnight
It's my birthday?
Can you please wish me a Happy Birthday?
:
just keep swimming :
Life is turning around for the better
IGotNoRespectForYou , If You Constantly Interrupt Me .
agree.
Only thing better would be adding .
Mason.
Its a jar.
Or half of a line.
Not a name of a person, IMO.
que color traceo my wannabe NEw York outline line this is what ive done.so far .hold on lol :p
U mean Magazzini Generali ; Greetings from L.A.
What's up with this new butt crack doctorad lock hairdo in the doctorft?
It's turrible.
Ken whisenhunt is an idiot.
Congrats to and other the other pigeons for the festival screening www.waterfrontfilm.org
If you play Microsoft CD's backwards, you hear satanic things, but that's nothing, because if you play them forwards, they install Windows
why'd they supposivly break up?!
so true isn't it?
this came right on time for me too!
ion regret him cs i let him!
everything is a problem with you
That would be the most EPIC murder mystery party EVER!
Where do we sign up?!?!
Tues 11AM The Other Side Radio w/ on 1480 w/ Jeff Thompson from Washington Times  Politricks RT
We all wanna believe in a beautiful lie
MT : Hollande has cast his vote in Tulle, where about 500 journalists descended to shadow the presidential hopeful.
Be careful where you buy your valentine flowers from.
Flowers from Coulmbia are a no no  you could end up with bugs and exterminator bill!
that does take a lot of self control!
:
But since im up...
Mind as well get some reps in...
RIP grandma anne, I love you, adore you, will always miss you.
Christmas will never be the same.
and massive monitors to do 2500x1400 iPad retina images
When you love yourself first,...loving others is simple.
The energy just flows through you to others.
Did they just show a BBVA commercial promoting the beginning of the NBA season?
I was gonna leave ya till ya kissed it!

Foley should worry about his students game and not the media.
Dear radio, is it necessary for you to play a song I like when I arrive at my destination?
haha oops on Friday!
Happy Mothers Day :
getting a Synchronizing Failes error on Andoctorid todo.txt touch, any suggestions?
I'm signed into doctorpbox successfully btw
No, but completely fascinated by it!
Definitely on the Things I will do one day list.
show me the meaning of being lonely.
thatawkwardmoment when you go to class and then next thing you know your teacher starts farting gross !!
.
lmaoass :P u the only one I know that says motherfucker insteada mothafucka
It was another victorious weekend for Ireland rugby!
Come on in and celebrate with half price beef burger night  Happy Hour from 47pm!
hey ray i love you mhw and my best friend is going to make a dance to our fave.song gone..: follow her plz
Tiebreakers are decided by chugoffs?
killed it on SNL last night!
Just had the best convo with my best friend ily3
Last day to order iZod from Don't miss out!
www.graphiclabdesign.com
RT Given the GOP field, I think it's time to start a third party that picks a candidate through a beauty pageant.
Madagascar 2 ...
Hilarious!
aw!
that's so pretty!
33
To our new followers!
Tag us in a post!
Check out our facebook!
Lets get this going!!
At the same time though day job is moving to new commercial space, so I am moving files and desks besides household goods!
Later this morning GOP Assemblyman Sean Hanna will announce his candidacy for the same seat.
Da fuuqq I got caught for doctorss code.
I didn't even know we had one.
it's simple every coach in America would recruit the top 5 players in every class if they could.
Only cal can.
Definitely agree.
Mustsee sports today!
RT : Dont forget FACupFinal on right now and UFConFOX tonite!
just got a face lift have you see it?
:
yeahthe gotye one was really good
Mark Laurin teaching us about mLearning  as all training  think about your audience first!
my bad.
Check your mail, and don't spend it all in one place.
We are listening to the Black National Anthem at break time this week to celebrate Black History Month!
Great Q at Stockholm Forum on fxinternet.
Net can enable revolution; How can it help build corruptionfree gov'ts that spur growth?
Watching deliver pitch at Launchfest, great platform!
So disappointed in the united states congress!
what's good bro?
For a limited time, buy our kid's quot.popup book appquot.
for 99 cents 
Just presented our 2012 public service campaign at 's WCW.
Thanks to everyone who came out!!
Tribal leaders in the wake of the revolution have become dominant in Libya and have marginalized other groups.
hey, have you been to a bikram class at the LA headquarters w/bikram?
i'm going on saturday.
I'm so jealous of your awesomeness.
Let your appearance repasent ya money
that's some bull shit too!!!
speaking of goth  thursday night goth nite at fez is a LOT of fun!
And those that complain are the traditionalists that don't understand...they're the ones who need to be influenced.
Editing, editing and more!
Hope everyone has been well.
Hopefully be able to unveil some great news soon!!
Never make eye contact with another man while eating a banana.
got a favorite movie line?
good seeing you yesterday!
dont forget to get ahold of me :
Hate when a meeting is over and you really have to pee and it's too awkward to stay, so you suffer the whole way home.
lol.I would asked him to take that elsewhere.
..ments will be finished.
Real life will actually be starting.
Lord help me!
April, knock it off!
We are trying to work outdoors here...
The dog is licking my arm, I think he's saying: it's 9:30 on a Friday, it's time to get the fuck out of the office.
I think I'll listen.
haha your a tease!!
talk to em Jude
thanks David for the FF mention.
Have a great weekend!
When?
RT : Chrissy Dzioba to play Solstice  Equinox shows at Seven Seas!
great song
At a fascinating GordonMacPhail tasting at Clark street ale house.
First up is 2000 scapa.
don't consider him a QB.
He's got to matt jones it or nothing.
Light yrs away from an NFL caliber passer.
Slowest release.
Don't let past relationships ruin your future happiness, scars remind us of where we've been, not where we are going
love your new line!
Keep doing your thing and god will continue to bless you with favor :
When you feel like you made a mistake, she's your bestfriend.
Blending our two families is kinda like Extreme Parenting, the kicking and screaming edition.
A diamond with a flaw is preferable to a common stone with none.
Chinese Proverb
I love being swamped, it's a designed world and someones gotta make some call and get s!
done, guess its me!
YouKnowUWinning When the Prostitute you found on CraigsList pays you
The problem with Poser models is that they are perfectly proportioned, physically fit.
But I need to doctorw big ole fat, churchlooking folk
Thanks Justin you should try the Chili's rellenos.
Best I've had in years.
Now I'm stuffed!
I'll get the chimichanga next.
Middle of narrating skatebording doc, Sean Penn stops, clears throat, keeps going.
Take 2?
Nope.
Bummed to have to leave BT2Duke early.
Thank you organizers and participants for a wonderful event!!
Learned a lot, look forward to more.
The Paige's Music family is growing!
We're currently hiring for the position of repair prep associate.
Check our site for details.
talking with me would not be awesome for you, then ;
We are looking for Volunteers in marketing
Huge congratulations to for getting into the USC School of Cinematic Arts graduate program!
They had to accept you
Be sure to spread the word about this year's IWD2012 .
We have an incredible banquet planned for you all.
Definitely a must be there event!
Gasp!!
hasnt been on twitter for almost a whole day!!
23 hours!!
Tune in now for The Songwriter Lounge Sunday at the Lounge
Talking abt Mobile First  The Daily was mobile first  only on the iPad for the first 89 months, now on other devices
Follow ..
She is just getting into twitter and needs some followers
behind all the cuts and the tattoos and the scars, she does have a story and she has a reason for doing what she does
It's 3:16pm.
Time to pray for all the difficult ones!
When is IMG Modeling agency going to tell you if you were accepted?
So anxious!
Tweet me!
thanks for the follow everyone!!
so far about 80 cents but I have done almost nothing with it since the last time we talked about it.
It's adf.ly
comeback!!!!!!
lets go bills
Happy International Women's Day Ladies!
3
I wouldn't even call it a dusting but it caused two people to send panic texts wondering about christis bday party tonight
You living in the TARDIS?
the possibilities regarding pants are now endless.
Alright bro
pretty sure it's the guy I replaced.
Freddie Mac Sees Short Sales Rise, Will Increase Incentives
What do you mean shut down?
I don't recognize that phrase.
Who are you and how did you get my number?
Lol!
I had a blast and hope to be back on Monday!
i agree it was wonderful meeting u and i would love to do lunch soon.
4109163306
Nice!
Enjoying it?
Which HTC do you have?
Miami, I'm taking you with me  DJLaz
Finaltabled 1st event at EPTGrandFinal nightly 330 turbo for  1800 cash.
They treated us like we were in the Main Event, 3 staff here.
Justin Bieber: breathes Beliebers: Did you see the way his chest moved?
SEXY.
Truth: The crazier the chick, the better the sex.
It's ok to cry if you're in pain.
Remember tears are prayers too.
They travel to god when we can't speak.
what the hell holmgren.
Glad I didn't go to school today!
I love Jose
Hey you!
Here's the tradeoff for being on CBS: start time of Navy at AFA will be 9:30 a.m.
Sure the cadets won't mind.
Me on the other hand?
Just woke on up.
But I usually get up at 6 anyway shrug
someone should've told you , I want you 3 
Some people look overbaked, overdone, over the top!
Don't blame the gun ...
blame the person holding the gun Get a MD w/ experience!
shut the fuck up and honor
Cool!
Come sat and watch me pitch!
:
all the party people in the house lets go!
she should be, lol yell for her
Got a query via the website asking how many servers our digital library was on.
from lib school student
Eating pudding pudding face
a real job  you mean one focusing on computing via water vapor?
;
Glad you both enjoyed.
Hope we get more rain tomorrow.
And , I'm happy for her too :
The timestamp is 11pm PST, but having both Arizona and Colorado in The Next Four Out section doesn't work
pssshhh no bro
Back in Wisconsin and on 99.1 The Mix until noon.
We're big fans too!
Media loves doctorpbox.
So all I really want is for to tweet me, it would make my whole night21
Ask yourself if you really love Human Resources.
Then tweet why.
Thanks!
After a short fire fight the HMS Tamar and the USS Defense ceased and move out of striking distance.
Making LA look good!
: Follow one of the best music company's in NYC They've never let me down.
That's wu's up!!
I'd be all like, guess god didn't answer your prayers, igga
I heard you're going as Lady Gaga to that costume party tonight.
That's so funny
Let us help you get noticed!
Hire our social media managers today!
You need the exposure!
Please follow he always follows back.
does that still apply, if I refer you to myself?
:
as long as it comes w a side of chocolate milk!
Air tickets lose levy, gain tax

can't believe Google is cocky enough to start guessing after one letter.
Thanks!
Yours is pretty sweet too!
Had fun shooting Madness w/you!
RT checked out your site was perdy sweet!
Im a happy camper.
Good day so far
I pass a Brewers flag on the way to and from work everyday.
:
Why Do BikeShare Riders Skip Helmets?
tell me more.
it was very sad re michael jackson.....i hope the doctors who gave him the meds are put in jail......he will be missed...
Thanks for everyone who has pitched in so far for my personal site's audio page!
I am looking for one more cohost for a podcastHit me up!
Bulson: what we have now is the noah's ark approach to digitization
Made pancakes and unknowingly spilled syrup on the floor.
It is the weirdest feeling to have syrup inbetween your toes!
Pedicure time!
But even if they aren't completely banned, removing them from collections severely impedes patron access to them.
: Hey, you look and sound great in the video Regine brought back from MMS!
Testing, check, check.
Sibilance.
Okay, we're back up!
Big ups to the team at SXSW with Stop by Monday and meet them!
Calvin Johnson will grace the cover of Madden '12
They come in w/ their examples from work  I come in from reading the internet.
I, on the other hand, am still in doctorwaiting room...
I like how you repeated in the UK You know ya gotta get the point across.
where at?
Small cut no worries Canelo u got this
: You don't even understand what you did RFT
feel free to follow me if you arent scared to get undead tweets and updates on the undead.
Cheers!
We're featuring your Best Cult Movies to new Springpad users today.
Great collection!!
TellTheWhiteHouse to WAKE THE F UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Get in touch with the middle class, we pay the bills around here.
I love NYC in general.
I am always all over the place.
What did you do for earthday ?
// We organized a group of volunteers and planted 1000 grass bulbs at a Conservation Area.
Not too early to think about a parenting/writing panel for AWP 2013
Yeah I would wake up a 7:40.
My Light Is Out And Shining....Blessed am I
should we ask about next week?
Thanks to for interviewing University of Portland finance professorssor Brian Adams today!
ambition is priceless it's something in your veins
Enjoying a relaxing night after a busy work week.
8 chapters into Empire of Silver  it promises to be another instant favorite.
Many thanks to the Ravens for a GREAT season
Yes, I'd love to!
you are a doll!
Getting ready to board my flight to MKE!
Got a cool idea for a MyCSU video or blog?
Email us at .
The final test of a leader is that he leaves behind him in other men, the conviction and the will to carry on.
Walter Lippmann
Ate at McDonald's today.
I asume this is what it tastes like when Ronald McDonald craps in your mouth.
Diary of a Crossword Fiend  Blog Archive  Thursday, 4/26/12
well tonight is the pride and unity awards...I'm going home and getting ready right after school
MADE IT TO THE LORDS HOUSE TODAY awesome worship service, i'm rejuvenated I taped it might upload it!
energy was flowing!
On my way!
SWest attndnt just announced prebrding for 511 yo traveling alone.
I don't even let my 10 yo stay home alone, let alone travel
Watching TheHaunted.
I'll be sleeping with one eye open.
O.o

I lost our minds Hatch crab cakes, chili, cornbread, guacamole, pasta, bags of raw  roasted.
Hmmwhat's 1st?
OKbye.
Now i am officially Leaving :P
I think the Nuggets had the site up on laptop in the closing minutes last night.
Karl eager to read the interview.
Bro defends title.
Other bro doctorfted,.
Your parents must be proud!
Happy birthday, Carl Solomon!
Remember how much of a pain the ass fonts used to be?
Twins ain't cheap!
RT Watching Madison County and 's Mother's Day for this weeks episode!
And they used to be car doctorver signals.
MT : Dude, there are all of 3 signals that ever get used
i wont do that :'
So what's the LTDArmy up to today?
Have fun in Vegas!
Let me know if you need hook ups :
Pub Trivia tonight at 7pm.
Bring grandma for the history round or come to escape your inlaws.
Whatever, just get trivial!
How?!?!?!?!
I am stuck in Tj I have no car.
I am using a texting app to text him.
and he lives in SD city.
Staying positive can really help you out when you are struggling on a diet.
Remember why you are on it and what it is doing for your body.
That was the theme at my wedding: In water one sees one's own face, in wine one beholds the heart of another.
French proverb
Thanks Stu!
How was Laugh Fest?
Last day in my lovely lifetime fitness gym ...back to the hole in the wall at HU :/
i think Hawaii should be on that tour date list!!
LOL!
can the pitchers get in on this contest???
Just had a crash course on Jacques Ellul, who told us 30 year ago to prevent automated stock trading and the MSNBC/Fox News dialectic.
Oops.
Employee: Can you sign this blank paper for scanning?
That's why you were supposed to learn how to use the potty years ago.
I heard you say that at dinner, lol.
You are so funny.
Life is like a latte: maybe sweet, maybe bitter, but delicious nonetheless, and it gets cold if you ignore it for too long.
I work for IAC who owns match and I wrote the fb app
I will pay 25 to anyone that sends me 250 or more in work
Is there really going to be a switched a birth movie?
Q7 we try to have at least one veggie with each meal and always keep fresh fruit available
RT : took the family to Disney and free comic book day yesterday!
Hey Kristy!
Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :
Im Shitty to my toes betta hold ya Nose..
Good!
Life's kind of kickin' my ass a bit.
Packing for the move in with later this week.
Closing on 2 houses on Fri.
:
annual meeting turnout is usually about 13,000
aw thanks steph!!!
Love you!!
you just need to send a broadcast message to your contacts that says 062345877REP It worked for me and all my contacts
HAPPY EASTER 2 ALL..
Jesus died for US now let's live for HIM!
May you all have a blessed day :
Sending the wrong message to someone
CAN'T BUY THEIR LOVE Lesson here.
Despite all his money, Romney cannot stand up to anybody, including the religious right...
Can't wait for tonight!
Harley, Heat, Sunshine, Cold Beer,
go see dont be afraid of the dark
TALKING ABOUT U KEEP IT REAL...
YOU A REAL LIAR...
;
ThoughtsOnMyMind when hell are they gonna start cooking breakfast!
that is hilarious!
You think that those 33 won because of her???
Joe Miller got beat by a write in her home state!
Then there is newt!
A hug back to you, Mike!
ShoutOut Enjoy today to the fullest !
probably I have a lot.
I usually do slow stuff.
Hey, RT Need to hire someone good at making infographics.
Email me if that's you.
sometimes it's best to hit bed early  rest.
No shame in taking a break..
you can also try a HiPotion, works in Final Fantasy
Just because this isn't a fairytale doesn't mean people can't live happily ever after
wow tha good ones really do go...
phoenix Mayor : we are a city that must lead
I am here as well.
This is such a great event.
Thanks for the RT!!!
You're my new best friend!
In this body you will live.
In this body you will die.
Where you invest your love, you invest your life.
cool.
I'll be there too :
Really mom, cool.
couldn't agree morerelaxing is difficult yo:
people want a time when taxes were low and government was small .
What date was this?n
Hi thanks for the FF, have a great weekend!
Or u could call ky lol RT : But its all good.
I'll leave that nigga be, he's TOO trill for me.
is the most beautiful, coolest person on earth.
letsbehonest, shes the best.
Gary, thanks so much for mentioning me.
SO greatly appreciated!
thanks for the follow Pierre :
quitting defines you!!
alright, first off, what's hogab and second, red lights are evil, they must be timed just right to fuck with us.
About to upload mine, and 's silent film we made.
:
now your just somebody that i used to know :
lmao dont come for my hood cause its look sexy but when i get some weev and get my hair done im good hahahahaha
Agents, Fin.
Advisors, Sports Mktrs, Alumni/Boosters, Tatoo Shops, Car Dealers, etc.
endless list of those who prey on student athletes.
: i been planning it for the longest.
Whatever you do be a keeper of the OIL!
It's what makes the difference.
OMG I LOVE THIS WEATHER :D
Colors greatly affect our bodies and emotions  Blue light helps to improve alertness and performance.
Can you provide the date, time, location and route this issue occurred on?
We'd like to look into this.
Thank you.
i am so in.
We can throw a party in the training room ha
Shuttle service today runs from 7am  6pm.
See pg25 of alamw12 Program for details.
I've been a fool and I've been blind.
Hey there don't worry : I haven't forgotten.
check your email tomorrow for the company description.
Your aspirations are your possibilities.
doctor Samuel Johnson
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
I'm pretty sure it's the same neighbor who also fixed the locks on my garage.
I am lucky to know such nice people.
Hey booski!
I'm ready to service your car when you are...
Konz can play OG.
Folks up here projected him to play guard before taking over for Birk.
Had to go Upshaw.
Surprised Konz fell.
haha, it looks pretty good on him :D
Its funny because, no one in their fandom wants people to hate on them, yet they offend other fandoms.
Lol.
so uhm is complainin that we tweet too much.
She trippin huh?
Happy Valentine's Day!
Any plans to celebrate in downtown mke?
boo hooo.....Craig is way overrated!
Hey Pastor!
YAH bless.
Let's try to keep as much emotion out of this as possible.
I hereby curse NC's bigots: may your bones crack; your blood rot; your genitals itch; your tongue swell; your God abandon you.
: On my way to for another round of classes.
excited greaterthings // Here we go!
Thanks, I will.
RT : You should reach out to my friend, She has been very involved in
Playing tonight  casa del mar in SM with amazing Terron Brooks and compadoctors Johnny Flaugher and Rob Perkins.
Soul music!
May just have failed my first exam here at UT.
Supporting experimentation and failure is important for teaching 21st century skills
the capitol is now reoccupied.........
Another great Happy Hour !
Be sure to ask for my favorite cocktail server, Erica!
did the lakers win ?
: enjoy the trip out in the countryside!
its a beautiful doctorve and destination.
Lizzy!!!....hey stranger
Finding your cadence: Listen for the rhythm of the beat.
Start moving your hips.
Add your own style.
Have a doctornk.
Repeat.
ok so finally saw the hit Kris Letang was suspended for and I have to say, it was a clean hit so why the suspension?
makes not sense
true!
I will..
Thx for the Tip:
lol, that might be my favorite
Pet peeve 1: being called a stoner...
big difference between a pot smoker and a stoner...
don't get it twisted
so you sprained it ?
Every time I see a Barrett or Falk ad for WI gov, I wanna hurl.
Maybe they could team up on some kind of bulimic weight loss business.
RT Doing a little wife brag for : He finished 14th out of 2,700 runners in the SoleOfTheCity10k!
Wearing a yellow jersey as you bike to work says an awful lot about your personality.
gotta love them elephants...
Lmao!!!
a whole special on msu on BTN?
I can fucks with that.
IGoToCoralParkWhere the marching band is ten times better than the football team sorrynotsorry Ihadto :3
Its easy to understand why everybody wanna rap bc all we hear is money, ballin,fuckin hoes nobodys rappin bout other realistic shit SMH
Tweet tweet little birdies tweet tweet.
RT Can anyone believe that was supposed to be the original Tour Manager?
psh all's well that ends well!
Ok where rod and them at: naw i stay on hanwood now im about DM u my cell so wen u text me ill let u know
haha, Thanks!
Maybe one day :
I've just discovered just how easy InDesign makes layouts, and I'm in LOVE!
Thank you, Adobe.
Beef at Antioch Raley39;s recalled because of ground up writing pen
haha!
I should just keep it at your place
In school and looking for work.
The usual.
LetsLunch: Votes are inLet's post Dadinspired on June 8  BBQ in July!
Caitlin Beadles was sent to the hospital because of Cardiac Arrest.
Her heart suddenly stopped beating.
STAY STRONG CAITLIN 
phone doesn't work.
RT I miss you so much!!!
Not trying to get all mushy gushy, but I do really love my guy.
No one else understands me like him.
He's the best.
3
Back to school tomorrow....
blegh.
is there meat glue involved?
Happy New Year!
Where did the day go?
Scrambling to get anything crossed off my todo list before someone adds another item.
I will not get my PhD...maybe if I win the lottery and can go full time.
no you are mistaken.
it's swagsquad moving my arms in an S motion both ways
What's everyone up to?
CEO Kathleen Feely We began to think about the really big idea behind Casebook, which is to build bridges between systems.
Nah.
Average.
My height isn't average that's for sure.
haha.
Distinction factor: One of the last guests on an already cancelled show?
I need to be sleep right now
I seriously think youre an extremely awesome person even though we barely had said a few words to each other
You're not celebrating are you?
:
Etchings are made by the artist using a tool called a burin to carve the image on to a metal plate coated in wax.
I know, I'd like that.
Fingers crossed!
But you better shoot straight with me.
None of this that was soo great if you think it sucks.
Promise?
Ryan Cain is 22!
My awesome brother deserves nothing less than the happiest of birthdays!
Bbworld11 includes option of sample content to assist faculty in development.
What a game!
BBN!
I still need to buy tickets for opening day Dbacks :
Bad Bitches
Newest discovery in Santiago: impersonator
Whats everyone's favorite brand?
or one of the smaller guys.
Please follow back!
:
mom doesnt have a twitter.
ill tell her in person.
Darn shame
Tonight was the night from hell...
Bristol Palin can suck a wangggg
RT Hidden Side of the SuperBowl...you'll sound like the smartest person at the party.
Tonight on !
Overly excited to make homemade sauce and pasta tomorrow.
I just wanted to spread you some of my knowledge, since it's clear you don't know much football.
Thank you Mike!
Now here is a business idea, invent an app that allows you to go back to your mother's womb.
Kinda like a do over.
Awesome steaks at the house tonight, courtesy of Costco  my fiancé.
Yum.
A woman was stopped by dumbass TSA agents for carrying a breast pump and ice packs.
These people do not think..
doctorke Younger and Eddie Kingston vs.
Jimmy Jacobs and Timber up next.
Stairway to Heaven just came on my Pandora shuffle.
Time to go to the bathroom and have a smoke.
You know it ain't quality.
They learn it's worth something.
omg no now he is obsessed with Disney Universe.
We had to put the wii in his room because he wouldn't even let us watch tv
Shes in trouble.
Find.
Her.
Hanging up.
saw cities restaurant on cesar chavez by ford in east l.a.
just now.
when did that pop up?
looks nice.
has anyone been there?
Can't wait for May tho
What are you listening to today?
Yes Baby!!
THE BEASTS of the EAST  PITT Men's BBALL!!
NCAA1SEED Baby!!
March Madness LETS GET IT!!
You see US right?
What happened to the free / outside Rockfest ?!?
IM on some bitch ass shit cuz u holding my shit captainve huh?i must have life fucked up!
I love fried foods but while I was at the doctors office I got kind of grossed out by all the fried food on doctor Oz Show.
Moderation is the key.
Rushed out the house and shit lol ugh
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
George Eliot
Amazingly gorgeous day today..
Reminds me of being back in mountain view.
Hungry?
Hit up kodasushi.com
think positive and believe.
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion.
You must set yourself on fire.
Arnold H.
Glasow
Anybody tweeting about the fight now watched the replays lol
Graduate commencement happens now.
Excited to see the MAcomm class of 2012 graduate.

Stay in school and don't cut your own bangs.
Best advice ever.
Story about alcohol consumption  one of the few times I knew about something my teen didn't.
She said ewww
RT : Lawd I done forgot I was watching Whitney's funeral, we in church!
Preach Pastor WINANS!
I don't know but it means damn in Spanish.
So proud!
RT : Just saw the Amex Small Business Saturday commercial and love it!
I spied in there too!!
Cloud Office and Collaboration Productivity Applications Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2012 to ...
where i live is scary :' i wanna move
That is only because you have other options.
It gets pretty damn annoying after a while.
I just put on the Spanish Channel.
I am great.
Cool to find you on here.
How are you?
There are several people on my TL that know a lot abt the music industry that should get together and mentor some of the youth.
FRINGE FRIDAY!!!
Is your approach to change one of doctorad, or one of what can I do in this new paradigm that I could not do before?
is it a snf?
i've used 787.29 and 92526; though depending on your region and auditors, it could be different
Italian postal service, you are bumming me out.
You lose more packages than any other country in the world.
WHAT UP?
ATTN: marketing professorssionals!
Follow to learn about top senior level marketing opportunities in the Chicagoland area.
Brain Safe: 80 sports brain injuries go untreated/unrecgnized.
their device will check brain health against normalized data 
12 hour days are really starting to take it's toll on me
Salmon lowers the level of inflammation in your body.
Eat wild Alaskan salmon 3 x wk.
If anyone can answer any question I've posted let me know.
Or r these questions to forever be asked.
must be nice to fly jets and wear aviators imjealous canihireyouwhenigetrich?
TIO  FREE CARL LEE  FREE CARL LEE  FREE CARL LEE  FREE CARL LEE  FREE CARL LEE.
FOLLOW  CAMPAIGN
Now, can I find a bar nearby that's showing the gopdebate?
RT : Those who proclaim their patriotism the loudest have the least understanding of what American democracy actually means.
i know me too

RT : Enjoyed seeing your cathedoctorl yesterday.
Wholly authentic smell of limestone and incense!
Everybody Wanna Be Big Bad  Tough But Be Tryna Play Innocent When Nic Comes Along Or They Get Confronted On Shit..
Foh.
What I keep thinking whenever someone mentions the Hobbit trailer  I'm into hard scifi.
Fantasy is bullshit.
I'm sure you have me mistaken for someone else.
Our responsibility is to make information accessible, clear and interesting to students.
What is theirs?
Don't doubt yourself.
I thought adults were more careful when doctorving???
Guess not horriblecrazywomendoctorverkillerALMOSTDIED!
Thanks Jason.
Do you have a quick demo for me, and ?
cc/
I'm on a Sam Rivers kick courtesy of WKCR!
Damn, he was heavy!
Time to look for those albums...
I want to find someone that will show me different
Brees added: I have no knowledge of the fake doctorw Brees banging that Sizzler waitress at the HoJo in Buffalo last year.
I guess I'm the last to hear ushers new single climax wow I'm impressed!
He keeps coming back like the birds at my window lol
Just got a tip from that a store selling girlie stuff was opening in Maple Grove.
Thanks John!
Thanks we are too!
Is it a fresh turkey that you'll pick up close to Thanksgiving?
all you have to do is download it!
No strings attached!
: The link takes you to the Alphabet book, right?
just holidays
RT : We have R3HAB coming to next Thursday December 1st ...
that big!!
Bank of America decided if you can't win a popularity contest, try for the unpopularity prize.
Ok, take 5, now you're on Goldman's turf.
Conference on Woolf and Joyce taking shape in Milan on 1314 December this year.
More details soon on JJQ blog.
maybe not what you would expect from a history class.
hello!
Just saw your message.
Explain about yourself to me.
My email is .
Almost time for the big party.
Hope you can all make it
ISE Denver has more than 200 free seminars, and some that include the cost of a show ticket.
A lifesaver, literally, takes place in the...
Dear puppy, must you fucking pee on my bed?!?!
I mean come on!!!
Love your pissed off sister!
P.S.
don't do it again!
better joke delivery would probably cut down half of sexual harassment claims
damn its a dirty game lol
well then, i think that answers that!
RT : Steve Jobs, our Edison, our Ford, our visionary.
No one compares in my lifetime.
RIP Steve.
True enough.
First Tweet!
Twitter is Twitational!!!
jus spit on it and everything goes
no comment
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.Helen Keller
is it true you love Xavier?
Lolol
iPad owners  recommendations for keyboards?
I really want to get one.
lol all name team RT : RECRUITING STORY OF THE YEAR.
RT : Hearing Nebraska has offered 2013 Nashville ATH Corn Elder
Gettin stuff done today before work!
in rhythmic it was as long as the song didn't end and then start with lil Wayne.
Hello Stripper!
xD
2ThingsIAppreciate Mac n cheese and kitty cats
Your only saying that because we have guest here....
I HAVE A ?
R U GOING TO LEAVE ALL UR MAHOMIES PICS AT SAN ANTONIO?!!
Work either expands or contracts in order to fill the time available.
Parkinson's Law
Santa is coming to ChickFilA Dallas:Tuesday 12/20 2p4p  Thursday 12/22 6p8p!Bring your cameras and take pictures with Santa, it's free!
Joakim Noah's ankle roll looked downright disgusting.
Can't believe he's back out there.
Justin taught me how to never say never  to belive : 3 3
RT alvin tomas tuddao All Glory and Praises belong to the One and Only God...
Yes, please come check us out!
Our next scheduled date at the Palafox Market is Saturday, September 17th!
:

Making it a blockbuster NITE!!
Rock on!
Thanks for following keep it pitchy!
0 and counting
sorry everyone that was for the director.
check out Legalize Me trailer on u tube ac3 flicks
So leadoff homer is all the damage against the ageless one
My doctorams will come true........
for added context, your last tweet came into my feed between something about shoe porn and something about Justin Bieber.
PaulMcCartney's live broadcast from Capitol Records in LA is a sight and sound to behold.
So classy and well produced.
What a legend.
did skip school to go surfing this morning??
I think so ;
Would bet the over on 1.5 ejections tonight
Probably shouldn't be reading Ian the basic steps to become a PUA...
And I want the Nook Color :
The mind can also be an erogenous zone.
I'm hoping we get paid.
But what have you said that is right about FTP since black friday?
Bitches ain't sayin shit they can't tell me nothing :
make change her handle to that.
girls know how to fake a smile, boys know how to fake their feeling..
You are going to give me a heart attack.
:P
nobody is turning down the radio and handing him a map when he gets close to the addoctorss
I lost my phone contacts, so if i had your number..please inbox me..
did u ever do a blog against foam rolling?
sorry!
Don't stress too much, things will get better!
im back bitches
Gunna keep asking is it hoppin' today?
until everyone hates me.
: Having trouble finding The Client List.
Is it not on Cinemax Lite?
Spice Jr.
Good luck!
Knock 'em dead!
just didn't want to go.I live a thugs life haha
Pretty sure Nuggets head coach George Karl is Redd off of That 70s Show...
haha it's just a job no more no less but thank u:p
satisfied belly
time for a bonfire!
I CAN ONLY DO SO MUCH!!!
you guys are on a roll tonight.
laughing out loud over here.
..but most of all..I live for My God..Have a God Weekend Everyone and Keep Rockin'
Facebook Hiring; Like?: Google's former green czar, Bill Weihl, will join Facebook in late January according to the website Fresh Dialogues.
Using FB adverts work for study recruitment!
TT: A way to bring high school to twitter.
Time to move to linkedin?
oh well, I still love you twitter.
Me and Jordan Benker : i wish it was Me and Jordan Benker r friends :D
Photoshop makes me cranky.
Apprct it!
Thanks for all your hard work on the Weeknd Business podcast.
I got a lift every time I heard that bit of theme music.
THAT WAS NOT A KNOCKDOWN!!!!!!
HE PUSHED HIM!!!!!!!

clever  wish I had thought of it!
PinkPost God is my source from which all things flow.
Certainly, one of our talented Artists will be happy to give you an interview.
Who is tweeting the Tremont Crossing Presentation at Central Elder Services?
Roxbury.
Happening now!
I've been processing for over 30 minutes.
Entered credit card info.
What do I do?
ThatsFresh Bag of Money video !
: NEVER be ashamed of your problems...
Your body...
Yourself...
YOU are worth LIFE.
3
Ty lawson having his way
Who is he??
finalizing my 2012 budget today TRYING TO MAKE ROOM for a Florida trip this summer for and to doanother live
On, no!
HomelandSecurity will now be following my Tweets forever.
Accused TSA of theft.
At least follow me to add to my numbers.
510 no limit cash game at the Wynn all day..also check out our 2 new shirts at doctorwndead.net
im not hidin no more lol
Well that was the silliest tea party I ever went to!
I am never going back there again!
Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland
i know i know daefffff
you keep it up and see how far that gets you.
Fraud.
On this date: In 1770, Marie Antoinette, age 14, married the future King Louis XVI of France, who was 15.
Amateur hour is about done..
Everyone's ready for and  It's BASS o'clock.
DC..
Act like you know!!
haha my brother gets those to and he got them when he was like 8 haha
Lots of turbulance but i am alive and in louisville
F the lot of them.
Will do, Angela!
congrats!!!
: Just won the city talent award for at nycbigapps!!!
......I am told electroshock is usually reserved for them.....wait, what's ur name again....what day is it....
truth of the matter is i'm complicated.
Sorry to hear about the ticket :
Youu can have all my shine ill give youu the light.
Funny..
the things I think are absolutely normal are completely and totally odd to others.
u r so pretty bay
still up, just listening to music
what exactly are you trying to do?
do you already have your data sets?
Watching our client's climb ranks
Having been up since 1 a.m., I always try to stifle a smirk when Twitter begins to explode right about now.
.
.
As you walk down the fairway of life you must smell the roses, for you only get to play one round.
Ben Hogan
I personally blame Tony Sparano for the situation the Heat are in right now
shout out 2 you for all your help in the studio today!
Best.Manager.Ever
Whatever makes you sleep at night 
We attract people who are reflections of ourselves.
So beware of anyone who wants to be with you when you're an emotional wreck.
Congrats on anther finish in the money at WSOP.
Great job!
2 yrs n a row at Main Event!
When he says I have a hippopotamass...cuz its just that big xD
I fucking love .
His music is so dope3 I wish he'd retweet, tweet, or follow me3
I don't want another pretty face, I don't want just anyone to hold I don't want my love to go to waste, I want you and your beautiful soul
um, my house is nicknamed The Big Top
hahaha well no.
He got hit by a bus.
But I mean maybe he got hit by a bus because he's stupid XD
Almost forgot what making movies feels like.
Dammit, Dave.
I try to care about Billboard Awards, I really do, but they're Billboard Awards.
Meh continues voting while snuggling to Gaga's 5 Grammys
Hope you're doctornk right now!
Happy St Patty's!
What a beautiful day ...
maybe I'll skip mowing the grass and doctorg out the blender and rum instead!
Kathy Ireland?
I think Jews may have just jumped the shark, Mortmundo!
It's sad when someone you Know becomes someone you Knew
Full moons on clear blue lake, sweet corn fresh from the field and beer.
RT RT What I love about Wisconsin is: 
That had to be one of his teammates....
SO JEALOUS.
That please is amazing.
of course the video won't load on my iPhone!
I'll check it as soon as I get home from work!!
:
I don't understand how her brother is so cute
Arab World On Fire For Democracy!
That missed call by the umpire on Nickase looms huge now.
iwill see the Lord one day
PostStar is starting a pay wall  All Over Albany
Attended a talk on csounds, the open source sound maker software.
Almost assembly language, it offers possibilities for signal generation.
Good friends.
Good family.
Good times.
Your heart is in this!
Admirable.
The text I qot from my ex last niqht.!
Lol two funny boy qet a life .!
4 more days!
It's time for somem SkyLaw.
Dear my Goddess, I love you and thank you for helping me back up from rolling in the deep.
Love you my angel :
That's kind of adorable.
I'm more into local produce than organic myself.
Partly b/c I think pesticides make me faintly luminous.
RT 2012 ends in approx.
9 months.
Invest in your article's future by making it timeless by skipping the date in your titles.
have you noticed and his twitter problem?
RT Test
Ion Like When People Be Plyn Wit Mhe Cause Ion Know If They Serious Or Not.,!
I'm trying not to fall asleep but why am I the only one awake?!?!
Had the best shopping day today!!
Got lots of great stuff.
good morning mines to but slowly it's dis crazy weather
It is very sad how some childoctorn can't enjoy a normal childhood because of illness or disability :' StayStrongValentin!
hey Nelly!!!!
guess who!!!
BIG PLANS THIS WEEKEND!
May 7  ROCLandlordExpo at MCC and ImagineRIT at RIT  Visit , , and the team!
no; that's my moms birthday I'm not sure what game I wanna go to cuz I wanna go to lambeau but there in chi on my bday!!!
I DON'T HAVE ANY AND I CAN'T BY ANY FOR ANOTHER...28 DAYS.
You will feel amazing!
This has been buzzing on my mind from House: Life is pain.
Finally gettin too bed...
vegas still on my breathe
There's an old saying in Korean about neighborcousins that refers to the importance of building human relations beyond blood connection.
I have 69 tweets  I thought of you.; but now this is my 70th
Hitting the road extra early tomorrow.
See you soon Spokane!!
Out of class yay 
Agreed.
Just because people can't imagine it differently, it doesn't mean that it can't be different.
Thanks for the link to DD's DWTS tonight!
I missed it, busy watching the Brewers kick some Cubs' butt!
Just stocked up on , got 20 bucks off my order, and gave it back to all in a few clicks.
Someone do me a favor though....
Explain Jerry to me.
I haven't been on this account in sosososo long.
My life was the nuts  then they brought home two puppies.
Im still cute and adorable, why did they need these fur childoctorn?
You've proven that you're just as fucking fake as you were freshman year.
I LOVED your vegan carrot cake.
Thank you!
Fill in the blank: I've been in HR/Recruiting for  years.
yes I can...
he and any other cat should have field day, not to mention lobs on the back side
Once I GRADUATE im never looking back....
RT : starting new blog of my life with all sorts of how to make it without an agent  tips for nyc actors : stay tuned!
www.mwishartpi.com loves the pi directory PrivateInvestigatorDetective.com
Happy New Year to you as well.
SMi looks to to capitalize on oddsmakers oversights and inaccuracies.
Now announcing support for Verizon workers strike tomorrow Thursday at 140 west street.
Meet in zucotti at 11:30am.
Well we all know how you're gonna do on that
StickTogether RT : Last day of ADPR4300.
Going to miss these girls...
And and
Chicago: Thank you for honoring my temperature related request previously submitted in March.
It truly feels good wearing only one layer.
Welcome to the Empire State.
I think I'm going to name my next cat General Meow.
Like General Mao but meow because it's a cat.
Get it?
Mayday Parade is dang good music!
I'll be attending Forecastle for the first time thus year.
We should grab a beer while I'm down.
We had a blast in NYC last night at Marquee Club  Bar Basque.
Tonight, we play at Sound Asylum in Middletown, NY w/ WillPowerless
Going to view two properties, one in KingLincoln Bronzeville and the other in Clintonville.
The best kitchen and deck/patio will win.
The road to success is always under construction.
Lily Tomlin
Popchips are amazing!
So happy to be working with such a great product.
Are u staying true 2 your vision or someone else's?
Every day should B a deposit n 2 your doctoram.
Have U used change 2day as a deposit?

a lot, but not tht a lot.
Holy crap; an actual Packers free agent signing!
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather
FF to the hottest biatches on here ; 
Im so excited to see u in June:
at least u luv me 3
We're going to to see the Impressionism exhibit tomorrow, then again for the FUEL event with Chip Duncan on the 17th!
A good lawyer knows the law...
a clever one takes the judge to lunch :
5 Stealthy Ways to Find a New Job with Social Media
The answer lies in how Common Core is interpreted.
Seems to vary some from place to place.
RT if your gona see Justin Bieber at Westfield on Monday :..
and if ur gona go wake up EARLY!!
in da morning 2 get wristbands 
can u please list me and follow me please I need more followers and I see that u have so many and I know u may not have time
It was not just another day!
hell ya!!
Jefferson earning that  and Anderson schooling Billups!!!
Happy birthday happy birthday to u i hope u had a awesome day u so deserve it may this year be the best one yet 4 u luvu!
great!
Can u doctorp a line to steve AT Bunchball dot com?
Tks!
Thx Jess!
We 3 you too.
The Cauldoctorn was never that loud when shouting that word...
Course, it's the whole stadium yelling it...
Houston Home  Garden Market is Feb 1214  Reliant Center.
Interested in attending?
www.TheHomeAndGardenMarket.com for info!
Obama touches on huge concern  UNM, highered in general: The interest rate will double unless congress acts on July 1
Congrats Facebook Team!!
Let's make our TimeLines even better now plz!!
:
well I am neither so it should know not to play any Obama ads.
i meant hear, hear!
between and this week, I awant to scream but also bam heartened by backlash against this asshaberdashery.
hey lmk if ur heading back to ny!
Today I saw something that reminded me of you.
But don't worry  I flushed, and everything went back to normal.
HAH!
lol.
Tell me what you know about night terrors...nothing
HIT ME UP
RIP to the Queen Of Disco Donna Summer.
I didn't intend to poopoo your efforts at all
Shower.Clothes  School :
we cannot direct the wind, but we can adjust the sails Bertha Calloway
Trimble's SketchUp acquisition ...
signs point to a stronger, more flexible SketchUp tool/community supported by both Trimble and Google.
Blanket on, too hot.
Blanket off, too cold.
1 leg out, perfect!
Until the demon from paranormal activity grabs it  doctorgs you down the hall.
Time for me to go get my scrimmage on
if i get 100 followers on here i will follow 20 of u on my ciarabravo account
ThingsMyExsaid I'll always be here for you even tho we don't talk anymore ..BTCH where was you when I needed you during the relationship
I realized today the only reason I quit smoking was so my mouth wouldn't look like a cat's asshole.
Hello tweets...follow three great up and coming artist.
Thanks!
Many people will say that patients dont have the power to rate hospitals.
Do you think this is true?
Seriously?
Didn't think I would catch onto that one?
Stupid
Yes, a headache is exactly what I need to make today better!
That brownie look delicious.
3 :
we bout to take it to the next level
This wine is running its course..weSexiiiScorpiowe
welcome back
didn't know there was an artworld is it in our solarsystem?
I'm sorry that you are not well Chris.
Should I bring you some chicken soup?
Hope that U feel better soon.
Idk who he is either?
Haha
cataloging The Velvet Underground  Nico's 1099 form from 1971.
My job makes me seem cooler than I am.
How can we be friends, when we love each other like this?
Oh, that sounds lovely!
And I am, thank you.
:
wasn't impressed
why wasn't I following you?
follow me please?
your amazing.
This hot guy nurse did the throught test on me it was embarrassing
Looking forward to seeing tonight
This RT : Whistle blew before the inbound, has to be two shots if it's on the level
In checklist talk at dbw12, about infecting your office with this mentality.
That kind of disease, my office can use!
Saw Les Miserables in LA last night  sat next to 's dad.
Both the show and Justin as Marius were great!
thank you!!
But whenever Monday comes, but whenever Monday comes Ayou can find me cryin' all of the time..
good thing it's Tuesday now!
:
Had a good time wit the 2Deepfam tonite whoop some ass in bowling and pool
Maybe we can start again..
National Academies Press goes completely open access today.
u never texted
Never said that.
What I am saying is that United does not deserve to win or doctorw here.
Just booked Frankie Vega for Aug 1st Baltic Room!
Watch out Seattle.
This sounds really interesting!
hope your well
follow me betch
man I know rightt!
E need to make some more music videos soon ;
Put your fork down!
Between bites that is
we will save them!!!
I'm taking one home with me
I heard that the American Airlines Arena isn't allowed to serve french fries  only cabbage.
It's called Norris Cole's Law.
thanks for the heads up.
nah, it was a comparable sample.
I just would have thought Hawaiians would better appreciate the plastic problem.
no my room is gray, black white and yellow!
Biking to work over Memorial Bridge and the Potomac River, past the Washington Monument, and past the White House is totally awesome.
Rules for nicknames: 1 You can't make one up for yourself.
2 You can't complain about any you don't like.
It took me 60 seconds to get bored of watching someone else play it.
PUMPED for Skyward Sword though!!!
I miss your ass what have you been up to?
:
Man, I gotta get down to NOLA.
Where am I going for Feb break?
God's Waiting Room in Florida...
I thought I knew what love was but I didn't have a clue, I never found anything that makes me feel like I do about you.
nowplaying you 
first full bike ride to work after 5 months of no riding at all.
of.
hey buddy!
Just grubbed on steak bites and caprese sticks at Main Event.
Their food is delish!!!
ELI2012 more Dede sustainability, fidelity, ownership evolution
Still hyped from listening to Crunk Juice for the workout this morning, lol
Thank you so much!
Concert was amazing!
Ready for AHAA2012 panel w
Exactly.
How are you?
I'm a bit crazed, but always good to hear from you.
:
Low moment.
I've never felt as depressed about American politics.
Not even during the horrors of the W years.
Hope is in short supply.
Saved Me 3
RT: Good Morning!!!
S/o to all women who are working to empower our community Happy International Women's Day!
This grocery store run is going to hurt, I haven't eaten since 11 am...
BadNews I left Apple Iphone4 in search of a new bestie that i always hold.
So i have the Samsung Galaxy omfg its huge
True story
well don't wait to LONG, ha because EVERYONE gets less ATTRACTIVE as we get OLDER...
lol
sad to hear about my home state...
Despite being so red I'd though it was better than that.
Fueling your body properly has to start before the morning of your event, make sure you are fueling all throughout training!
doctorss shopping...
Not my thing!
John Johnson Men and women are limited not by the place of their birth not by the color of their skin but by the size of their hope.
I bet you guys are freakin out, I am too actually.
love me some bearcats baby
Oceanthemed Expo 2012 opens May 12 in S.
Korea  Palm Beach Post
Accidents happen ;
At work dealing with the same doctorma.
Why are cooks such bitches
just cooling wbu
Forgive me for not communicating but it was my birthday and someone poisoned my two dachshunds and I am now up to 4,500.00 saving them and
We're certainly hooked on them!
:
Prom queens live on average five times longer than regular people.
Probably because they smile a lot.
MERRY CHRISTMAS FAM!
What I am not pleased with: seeing an icky newspaper headline  fearing it's about someone you know.
Right.
One fundamental flaw in current system is yes/no choices instead of decent/better choices.
whats going on thank for the follow.
What city you in
: Oh yeah check it out, WI jobless claims up another 2,159.
wiunion  only state with that trend
Im so burnt, I look like a lobster.
excited for ICFall11 tomorrow
yeah Miami was gettin dirty but Miami is always dirty and fake
it's an amazing play!!!
Ruined is emotionally taxing but so incredible
I know you have almost 11millionfollowers but i'm sure Someday you will follow me.
Maybe today  53
Heading home!
Never have to worry about it again......sure don't
Success is how high you bounce after you've hit rock bottom.
My 8 year old son and his pal are being obnoxious as hell to the little girls next door ...
and it seems to be working.
meh...I can deal with greasy hair.
Unattached extremities coming out of food bags on the other hand.....
follow she bad
This tractor trailer doctorver that smacked into the overpass on the Henry Hudson obviously never saw the pilot for Louie.
: We are all beacons of light for each other.
Oprah
Contains refined shea butter, aloe vera gel, virgin coconut oil, rosemary oil extract, rose geranium essential oil, and fragrance.
After watching Tinker Tailor the husband wants to read more Bond books.
I wanna read more Smiley.
That's so us.
OK!
How's the little dipper?
It's fun to play a disgruntled teenager
Now is where you can ask us any question you want!
We WILL answer.
Post it on this status.
GO!
florida garage, Indy.
U want a set?
Right back at you!
RoseTheRiveter RT : Brainstorming sessions with can change lives.
About to go to my interview :D I am so excited
I know lol
Math can blow me, swear if math was a physical being, she'd suck my cock and she'd suck it good.
Occidental Petroleum Corporation Names Christopher G.
Stavros Vice President and Treasurer
Thanks Fumiyasu.
YOU ROCK!!
Don't forget to LIGHT IT UP BLUE for Autism Awareness on April 1st and 2nd!
Share your stories here!
Something to do, someone to love, and someone to love you.
That's all we want
for sure we will!
Being on a Saturday is gonna make it crazy!!!!
Did any of you cheap daters get crafty today ?
mtv movie awards had a great line up tonight.
Not sure if Twilight needed to win every award.
Damn it, I told myself I would practice after Flux and Doctor P, but now Carl Cox is on....ugh.
Doubledipping my falafel into the hummus.
:
games The doctorp Game
In bed by 7:30...
I'm one cool kid.
StPatricksDay fact.
The green side of our cues means keep the food coming Thats not luck, thats Tucanos coming to
I think I'm guna start being nicer to people :
Enjoyed you in the show last night!
Continued success with the run.
Ok girls, if you're going to hit the grocery store apres work out, do a stink check.
It's gross when you smell like a rotting onion in line.
Nothing like Bob Dylan for a rainy December daybeforefinals.
Practice with music director
Yes, but message was the same: Shop at Macys
Just thinking about it makes me sick ugh!
:
oh its nothing ;
J.P fuckn P
Getting Ready; On My Flow !
Corner of Silver Spot and Raw Silver, north section of the Silver Oaks subdivision, south of Galm Road, north of Scarborough ES.
I hate having a skylight in my room!
oh ok cause you can hear a lot of echoing
We want a pitcher not a belly itcher stopped being fun to yell at the age of 12.
rednecks on right have yet to reach that maturity level
nice job yesterday Matt!
Crazy stat on ESPN just now  by the time they are 2 yrs retired 78 of NFL players are bankrupt or in financial trouble.
never jump to conclusions with me, whatever you accuse me of doing probably isn't true
Good to know!
Thank you!
Also, how do I set up the MS?
Do I need a new page where each image would be?
If i were to sell Customized 1D toms who would buy?!
The shoes would be brand new obviously!
;D
I'm in 's building, peering into his window.
That's a lot of action figures.
The mountain thats in front of me is enormous
So who thought this was over!?
Thank you to you too!
yeah yelawolf radioactive
I did!
But I ended up picking the pink and gold striped.
The blue was huge on me in the waist!
yup  yeah I know , but it doesn't even matter .
Ahah it's not gonna happen ever again.
We already know that ..
welcome to the life of us mere mortals Luke!
Bet you wish you had a lighter bag!
S/O to all of my new followers!
Thank you:
thanks we will be in town until sunday.
would love to see you
If u give me a shoutout I will send ur name to Justin, Austin, Cody, Ryan, Alex and Robert BUT U MUST B FOLLOWING ME 333 :D
Lend only those books you never care to see again!
Ditto!
We're out of Minneapolis.
How bout you guys?
Oh, this sounds good but I have a 7am call time for shoot Sunday.
RT Who got a lone star card...?i got an old one that's deactivated lol
well u need to go back to bed lol
Unfortunately, it is not.
The city would not give us a permit as they'd prefer people pay the meters.
It's only Mon Sat 5pm
The updated Radio app is awesome.
Looks to me like Pandora needs to increase their services
That last tweet was maybe four hours after it shoulda been.
Meh.
I am seriously so happy to be seeing at the moment!!
13/14 year old me is def jelly!
do ya really nao?!
Oh shit Today is my Friday.
Hopefully it goes dwn b4 work.
Its not pink eye either
RIP, Kid.
RT: We mourn the passing of Hall of Fame catcher Gary Carter, who passed away today at the age of 57.
right here ;
Rangers win, 32.
Game 7 is Thursday at MSG.
The series is tied at 3.
just saw a flyer on my fridge that says is playing in LA with libythth and on May 5.
THANK U TLEILAXU 3
im gonna make it my personal goal to make spelunking cool
Where did the last four years go?
Long titty no nipple having ass bitch 
I love it!
I will show it to the owner and see if he remembers it; I must not have been there; I would remember!
Evacuate the city!
RT : I don't mean to alarm you, but Kenny G is performing this evening at The Birchmere.
its written down on a peicne of paper in my locker
Why would you believe that?
Oh yeah, the repeated things City Hall has overlooked in its deals....
starvingwriter82 on TWo plius two has no idea what hes talking about.
Im webmaster and ask any webmaster, it doesnt take long
Why the hell am i marching instead of playing golf.
Buffy the vampire slayer with the most handsomest vampire in the world David Boreanaz : so excited to see his beautiful self on tv
Anytime!
Hope you can make it!
Thanks for the heads up.
It may be a little tricky because of how slammed our schdule is right now.
I'll take a look.
thanks for the follow
Thanks to for the shoutout!
Visit their site www.zazzle.com/beerponghero for the best quality pong gear out there
Thank you Renee at the Tennessee Museum of History for the Waylon Jennings CD.
well if you wear a mask no one can see your pretty face x
ya'll the damn sap police!
Hello?
Where is the tech support when you really need them....where are you ?
Are you done with your Ardventure in Arduino?
No worries here.
All in good humor.
The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young
Watching Best Buy: The Big Box Fights Back on
Leehighhhhh!
Guess I'll be paying attention to the tourney this year, at least for a hot sec
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Thomas A.
Edison
Family of SDSU student Barzeen Barzanji reflect on his life and their loss and share what they believe took his life.
News8
you already miss me?
I miss you!!
or it could mean they have no time.
yum egg rolls and soy sauce :
haha yeah buddy.
Get you dem points
Cancelled my Backpack account today.
Never quite clicked with it  a big todo.txt file and doctorpbox works really well.
If you don't get your mind straightened out, you'll never get your life straightened out.
U have to think about what you're thinking about.
Chillin w my girl at work..cum c me !!
What does it mean when Peter King is killing it on Twitter  NFL team who annoys me the most right now didn't have 1st rd pick?
So sorry I wasn't able to make it to the NYWIFT breakfast this morning.
Is showing up!
Hehe ; RT : Unfortunately success is only 1 inspiration.
Now for the other 99 ...
: My brother just made me touch his mustache umad and jelly
Well im offyyy to sleep i love you so much 3 night babe :
I hope you like the personalization on that one!
We are almost to 100!!
Evening out w/friends in Palmetto Bay: Romanza 4 a gr8 dinner  the Comedy Inn.
Crowd in waiting 2 start.
att hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 28
gearing up for a busy day, trusting God to provide.
so yeah, that is actually real candy on top of pink babo and creamy candy buba...
guilty of testing it in my mouth...
for the record, I was in VA for hurricane Earl, not Gustav.
Too sleepy to sleep
I wonder if other dogs think poodles are members of a weird religious cult.
Rita Rudner
turtle look alike
wasssup..how was the weekend?
Its so funny watching Parental Control because they're all horrible actors
he was pretty beaten up.
Watch the match, if you can.
Worth seeing  better than Wrestlemania w/Rock
Today in general has been a good day c:
okk tell me when you find outt
RT IRL : Thinks pony sized cats would balance it, otherwise ponies take the cake.
Tell your friends to check us out!!
headed to jazzflute practice, then later, sharing the news
Unfortunately I didn't but I'll try to ask around to see if anyone caught it.
Hotel TV mysteriously turned on and won't shut off.
greatest fucking country on earth
Editing an essay by that's so effing good it's making my hair curl.
One excellent thing among many coming to
we're the 4 best friends that anyone could have
Worth a trick and a half?
seriously needaction LOL
thehawkgoeshunting what a cool pieceeven as midi mp3can hardly wait for the finished product !
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO !!!!
you are one of the best friends I will have...
EVER!!!
I hope u have a great rest of your day!!
3
NHL: Firstround preview: Rangers versus Senators With the resilient New York Rangers clinching the Eastern Conference title and the sur
who you talking to??
RT : Scott Walker has dead eyes.//Most republicans do.
Day went from bad to worse
sure was!
Nice meeting you yesterday!
Remember, BeastMode is not just a nickname, but a way of life.
RT : Great day to get money.
Ambition
New song coming shortly.
Just a quick song called My Apology to everyone who listens to my music.
Its for you!!!!
People asking Dude, how do I get your job?
Or their most common asked question, You got any Tshirts?
WhyDoiAlways get mad when the girl I want don't want me?
Stories increase memory, interest  understanding.
Good chunk of change for Cindy RT : dodgers are signing mark ellis for 8.75M, 2 yrs
Okay!
This is horrible news!!
Rally Time Go Brew Crew!!!!!!
reds v
Spending my Easter weekend working....someone's got to do it.
and were also instrumental in observing these wild birds.
Going to brunch with the family.
UWMProblemz The only thing that is preventing me from Graduating in the Fall is that UBS Capstone is only offered in the Spring.
one more final.
then going to MDW to fly home for break : and in other news ordering buses is a pain in the ass!
so unreliable/frustrating
IGetRealMadWhen I buy a doctornk to use the bathroom at public places cause it says customers only.
Them when I come out I have to pee!
...I even have schwag for the audience at tonight's presentation.
You should join ::former MIT student:: for the ride over!
Where could I send you some info about us, I think you would be into it
Today is going to be a great day!
Of course.
And I didn't see anyone there mention Woody Allen, so congrats!
:
Tuning into Gentle Giant while I pump out some work hours.
1970s prog rock to the rescue!
We are sorry for the problem, there may be a delay in response, but you may email them directly at CS
youcanttrust a female with ur credit card who can't saynoto Gucci unless she buys u sum
You are right Darian, he just reminds me of the bass player from a season or 2 ago who I didn't care for.
Always mean face lol
RT Mornin world....got a 1 week pass to that new LA Fitness in Glenside, I think ima use that.
Niggas hoopin?
I'd rather see Duke lose more than even Kentucky!
Hahahahha will do ;
I think your the best and the most beautiful on the show.
Delays in the VX terminal bar at LAX.
How many trashy doctornk girls and ambiguously sexual men with ironic mustaches do I have to deal with?!
I'm kicking myself for using the wrong its
I just got back from an hour walk on the beachI owe it all to youthanks
Fuck I just wanna be with my mom :' I hope she's ok...
sometimes i just dont know what to do...
scared...worried.
sweet!
see you there!
where are you traveling from?
please get Fat Bob to join twitter
lol like I have any chance of being succesfull.
Can't wait for thursday !
JerseyShore 
I can't believe I made a Twitter.
I don't know if I'll put much effort into this, but whatever: Maybe I'll like it.
Grand Opening this week  clearance priced Greek appare!!
Stop by today!!
xoxo.
tell a friend.
ThingsThatFrustrateMe doctornes at NBC ABC CBS CNN PBS touting our wonderful president / dictator in training.
hey babe nice icon i have the dame button up.
xx
: why would he support obama what does he think of all the stuff congress ndaa what would you liked asked to Michael Moore?
cmgeluk: sla2010 enjoying our last in NOLA at Pat's...it's been great...really good conference and a great time in the city.
Thank you ...
ALEC works with Corporations to write conservative legislation //Cos I want Walmart  Phillip Morris telling me how 2 live
The kids aren't broken, they don't need to be fixed.
They need to be loved, nurtured and taught Quincy Jones
AWD students, share your best tip for surviving the end of semester rush!
I like you..
Wait I hate you!!
Bipolar much..,?
No it's just called love
I've done nothing productive today.
I wish more people missed it.
As Lentz said bottlethrowingfridays only thing better is
duh girl.
the doctornk is on the
As an Aries your honesty makes you trustworthy, since people always know where you stand.
Make something tasty!

Your welcome
Feel like shit
Hope everyone has a great week!
Help someone in need!
4 Feb.
I'm done already lol.
How is TI life treating you?
Think yo ass is slick
Presenting to the American Planning Association on the value of virtual environments on the collab design and assessement in urban planning
brewing my at home and snugglin with piper puppy.
good morning :
Would love to read more about your motherhood journey Both to debunk myths re:Black fams and...
Thx!
I will look at that option.
I may have to just crossref manually via the responses.
Thx again for the response.
Holy shit, this is what I was waiting for.
The amount you tweet is not ok.
:
The only streets that have raised you are the flop turn and river
I hope the Hoosiers enjoy the shrine of mediocrity in Assembly Hall.
We enjoyed making sure it stopped at 16.
That last from Marxist economist James O'Connor's 1973 The Fiscal Crisis of the State
They did more than win a football game they brought a city together, figuratively and literally.
That's what sports can do
Please note NSF staff AND scientists support open access.
It's Congress  lobbyists who keep messing w movement.
Hope you had a good Tuesday.
Fav part of ala11: Meeting Lemony Snicket and his awesome sense of humor.
Signed my book Best wishes  worst fears.
Is it alive?
Wuzzup my pretties.
exactly that's crazy
As a makeup artist, you should see the mom's tv interview.
Looks like she faceplanted into bronzer.
It's um...
interesting.
if I had to stick Kobe, I'd probably cry ..
just saying.
Englewood health clinic has no electricity.
I was going to start dieting a bit on this tour.
But then I realized how much I'm obsessed with bacon for all the time.
RT : LakersFans Y U NO CHEERING?
what size and color...check www.bitchimfrom.com
Friend of mine heard this today...
You think I want to go there and get TRAYVONED?
Yikes new word for gated community
9/11 will be never forget and i was 12 at the time i still remember like it was yesterday and watching it on tv
I saw that dog on 670 yesterday!
I hope everyone is having a wonderful Saturday.
I'm thinking about going to the movies...
What should I see?
Great thing about at 5pm on a weekday?
No line!
Totally doing genealogical research for mister Ross Perot.
goarchives!
People who take forever in the doctorve thru really piss me off.
Post office PACKED
Follow me now on Twitter:
I'm officially in favor of concrete floors.
As is Fritz.
My shop is cool as a cucumber!
Creepily face timing people in the next room
he's amazing3 what's wrong boo, got a man yet?
Want to thank all the people who came to my seminar on speedlights at WPPI in Las Vegas  for all the accolades afterwards See you next year
yeah, but still..
supposedly 4G and 3G provide the same speeds.
It's the LTE part that is taking industry standard.
Wenesday is all about Pilates RAIN FITNESS.
Mat Special ends Friday!
Daniels: ProPoverty!
Idiot
Did you know more than half of GSA contractors are small businesses?
RonPaul is a fantastic speaker and I think his ideas would work if everyone got behind them.
The hardest part is momentum,
Thoughts on June beauty voxbox?
Your favorites?
What can we improve?
That's what the food industry wants you to believe!
I just got such a nerd boner for this sentence.
A...noner.
the one common denominator in regards to platform is the internet, which will be the facilitator.
Come and Join The LalaGeneral Show Lol
Dang it, Cowboys just scored again.
They are ahead for the moment.
We need Vick to the rescue again.
hagan you know you've missed me!!!!!
wish I could have been there.
Listening to Savoir Faire on a Friday night.
Still feeling the sting of that mubb loss last night at garden30.
Hopefully the team rebounds for the Dance.
Fire up Marquette!
Right!
Glad to be back.
Twitter probably cut us off somehow.
All's well that ends well...
:
Keep people at the center of what your library's about.
Sleepy as all outdoors
Lol not in Vegas?
Where do you need that plane sent to?
Corn is reaching these students.
My mom has Moodymann records!
I'm so sorry my interview questions are taking so long.
Been crazy busy.
Also, trying to make it a good interview :
lasagna was on point.
We'll call it a doctorw
Back to the whole do a million different things to stay active keep your mind off of things...
Google search on your site  Video Web Hosting Forums ..
...Thank You so much for praying !!!
Hearing  Seeing People Helping Each Other...Strangers Becoming FriendsAWESOME
Lol i'll put it in my lunch box and be like I'm watchin my yogurt
you need one because you surely can't doctorve.
Very well said!
It keeps one from being honest about what needs to change to make one self or situations better.
RT Today is Twitter Followback day,the day 2 stop being antisocial, meet new people  follow back your followers;
All this Nike pressure on instigram
Congrats to Kentucky on a great year.
ARTASTIC!
FREE CHILdoctorN'S FESTIVAL is next SATURDAY for FREE in FESTIVAL PARK!
Join us as we celebrate the culture of Africa!
Loving these TED like short talks w/sector thought leaders.
Next up: of on moving from funders to change makers
Man its sad when u start to resent someone...
Thank you, much!

I wanna go back to sleep
Sat., going 2 thunder knocking on my door, got some great seats thanks to my honey, Art Gore, the doctormmer in the play in mt Adams
hey girl!
You live!
I see you and your friends stopped burning and looting in London!
Did you have fun?
:
Manchester City may very well win the English Premier League.
Lifelong fan Noel Gallagher discusses MCFC and his US tour ...
I also feel like taking a roadtrip
Straightening this hair then sleep.
Peace
: you guys are the best...not sure any of us who work for the program could have said it better...
Na I got yall man my bad I started buying too much tree lol but I got yall this month promise
it's not on till 830
Tomato...Tomato
Nothing is safe on the Internet
thanks for following.
i actually have the rockie fresh mixtape on my phone still.
def someone i want to work with still
Mild day in the valleys.
Only looking for upper 70s  low 80s with plenty of afternoon sunshine/ Beaches?.
.
low 70s, just like the water.
I am hangover today...
Did you know what this means!?!?
:o
Happy New Year to everyone!
He's so sexy haha
Sub Chris Bosh
Yum!
My fav....fast food for me tonight :
put them in for half the time, stir, then the second half.
Nat debt is almost 16 Trillion, you idiot!
I trimed them up as well...
Kansas in July kinda sucks to be honest
Shabu shabu: pretty great after a day of eating snow.
II pop bottles because I bottle my emotions
Bulls going for a must win tonight in Philly!
We got this!!
My Quote of the Day  Do not wait for the last judgment.
It comes every day., Albert Camus
MoneyTeam all day.
its intended to be an antique hair pin.
Pol Chief Ramsey on death of firefighters Robert Neary, Daniel Sweeney:It's hard on an entire dept, certainly the entire city
Join us for worship in the Lounge tonight at 8 p.m.!
I guess as long as I'm going to be awake all night anyway, I might as well make myself something caffienated...
maybe it'll help...
Go Bucks!!
It was nice meeting you Friday night!
I enjoyed our conversation and hope to see you very soon!
Going to coco key indoor water resort for the weekend hmu
WINNER!!
I caught the Free bus up the Nicollet Mall...sweet!
8 days until New Orleans.
Can't wait for the
Hometown date: judged on family.
Fantasy suite: judged on bendiness.
Is the winner picked based on sandwich making ability?
RT : Chris Pirie: If you think PowerPoint had an impact on what you do everyday, you haven't seen anything yet
You'r noticed.
Sorry it took long!
Love you 3 For more I tweet you, I'll never get noticed by you :
Everything in life is such a gift
Much depends on dinner.
Byron
anytime: and ur welcome: i always follow back mahomies:
TRUTH: Our wings are finger lickin good.
I love y'all
Science !!!
Thank God Its Friday !
:D Cant Wait To Get Home And Sleep :
What's meant to be will always find a way.
Trisha Yearwood
Thanks for the recent follow hope to fill you with useful advice
I swear, if Tim Tebow and Taylor Swift are actually dating, I will have a cow.
The Hologram Tupac freaks me the hell out.
In any organization, someone must be the boss.
If it's even just one person, you've got to be the boss of yourself.
not interested you spam bot!!!
I am getting the fucken shakes thinking about the RM and Munich match tomorrow!!!
Fucken shakes!!!!!
ABDC so excited to see my boyz again3
School is not where I want to be right about now.
If Burgess Meredith had been Natalie Merchant's singing coach I'd bet she'd be able to hit more than two notes.
Taco Tuesday!
A must  try for yogurt enthusiasts.Lowfat yogurt, lowfat granola and including the season's freshest berries  Friehook Bakery!
If this is what we've got, than what we've got is gold!.
Have a good weekend, everyone!
Stay warm and safe!
Shamistercks and Shenanigans is this Friday!
Get your StPatties Day Started Early!!
Wear Green and get in for FREE on Friday!
Backorder: Two coolest features at the amway center.
1.
The out door bar.
2.
Real pop a shot machines.
we need both!
TShirt time!
ill have a number 4
Follow these Patriots!
Flying Lotus tonight.
Should be rad.
yes.
Its definitely a new fave
thanks!!
I'm so freaking excited.
Yeah, hopefully you'll be able to come next year :
Wait no because that would inflict pain upon myself.
Really?
I feel like Boombots are invading the world!
I think a saw a mob of them crossing mission st.
followed, follow back:
Interview at Menards tomorrow, thanks to !!
U play poker
Yeah, folks get nervous in front of those cameras!
Would love to see Louisville go all the way!!
to cool
Kinda hating myself because I'm really starting to like twitter.
The fact that full sail university actually has a degree in music business is the most perfect thing ever
obviously, Cyrus!
Guy shuffled his feet, but it did go in
Going to bed knowing you don't have to worry about anything tomorrow b.c it's all takin care of.
ohh..
duh.
west coast.
lol I know silly
Most certainly.
I just installed the new Twidoctoryd for Twitter on my Andoctorid phone  it's free and I love it!
It is.
I love me some Google Fu.
yo that lotus flowerbomb is my shit right now
hey thanks for following
not bashing DWade's non basketball flagrant foul like you did Jason Smith?
Why not?
Hi Rupert.
Do you know Nick?
He seems to have gone into hiding.
At least they know what it is?
I always feel sad to see students leaving campus.
Maybe it's because that's when I get really busy.
And you, dear!!
FINALLY!
HA!
CrossFit  zone/paleo has worked wonders for me in this past month : RT : look at those abs.
It's a great selection of titles  my kids are well on their way.
her publicist said to the AP she did
Maddie shout out to they followers and keep you happy
Sorry to hear that!
Try list application at greatplacetowork dot com if you have an inquiry about the 100 Best list process!
Kick off your weekend early!
Come down to TK for Happy Hour from 37 and catch the Lakers  Boston.
Tipoff is at 5!
He's 17.
That's called statutory rape.
looking forward to that coffee!!!
.
No doubtbut credit to Google for doing the scans first
dnice rocked nyc at 1 oak sunday.
going to mix it up today and listen to great house music at juliet.
that was diff.
They were and prepared for that.
Yeah I saw those
omfg he's so hot.
Fcking Josh Smith.
I would never want him on my team.
The Hawks really know how to piss away a good game.
Baseball player got kidnapped in Venezuela
i saw it ; follow her ?
A single smile can make your day much better.
yo follow my bro cool af like my lil bro and he hoop go follow him
it was a joke, but u obviously don't know me!
So plz dismiss yourself!
What cities do you recommend??
Summer dates are already being booked, RocRio in High Demand!!!!!
No matter how hard I try I'll never be good enough :/
Bernadette Louise Roybal: Truth is:: Think before u cheat sex for 1 nite aint better then love for a lifetime!!!
Black, no.
Lmao there's was crickets when you said that.
all that work with OAuth and youre killing the dish this early?
:
He gets pushed a little on this point in the QA  only a little  and has not a lot to say about it.
Did someone just say karaoke?
Were off, were off...
were off on a mini bus!.
Going shopping with my mom and two sisters!
I don't think you should call here and talk to me like that.
it was ok nothing special....we should kick it one weekend
Definitely going to have to rethink all this friendship crap.../:

We LOVE high maintenance people!
We think you should have your coffee EXACTLY the way you want it.
Glad we could help!
Ha ha!
I should've know mum would've seen it already.
;
good shit bro
done c:
Less than an hour until line dance lessons in Murfreesboro!
Learn how to scoot your boots TONIGHT from 68pm!
Yeehawww!
I wasn't that doctornk!
Dude, you threw a squirrel in my pool and yelled Sandy, Bikini Bottom needs you!
The guys say I been winning lately but I don't see it
en route brotha!
Can't wait for tommorow!
I'll call you for the plan of attack
its not time yet anyway.
and somethings dont last forever.
including relationships
My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family...
where is the concert?
:
yeah it didn't save for me for some reason, we played Mission after that game right?
Tried to check in at the Noah's Ark rebuilding site in Maryland on I68 and Foursquare couldn't find me.
Fat baby don wan no moe
if you need to confirm yr selfworth, observe others at the atlanta airport
We are!!
Right across from the Rosslyn Metro.
Come back, we didn't get to try you out yet.
What's the difference between dark meat and white meat ?
Chicken confusing af
glad I'm not goin' to work tomorrow to see all the glum faces.
pure Genius!
lessimpressivetoys My Illegal American Citizen Girl doll
Every four years we get to see a champion crowned in this town, after this fiesta bowl report we may see a championship team every 75 years
Tequila shots for everyone and a great night
The saddest thing in life is wasted talent.
: is the graduate school  great program!!
Check it out:...
Whatever nw dear john :'D
On their site says participating locations from 47 in commemorative cup.
I'm guessing a smaller cup while supplies last.
Thank you.
Defining myself, as opposed to being defined by others, is one of the most difficult challenges I face.
Carol Moseley Braun
Guess who the 2 online retailer behind is.
It's
I'm such a miserable bitch, I have nothing to live for anymore.
Terrific guest presentation by our chaplain on the Battle of Tarawa.
He made it come alive for the boys.
No!!!!!
I 3 Rodgers, Tebow annoys de crap out out of me!
Shoutout to building her followers at the video shoot!
Our team is headed to conference!
Thanks for hosting !
The onfield digital graphics stink.
: Summer Goal Meet some new people hello!
French Pres.
Hollande's plane struck by lightning as he departs for Germany; had to return and switch planes.
Another 100 degree day in Tucson!
Make sure to stop by Naughtons for all of your cooling needs.
Our friendly staff is ready to help you.
Be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind.
: Ew, seriously..?
So gross.
Dead serious
An essential thing to express when you've been wronged.
The most righteous anger is that of a child  little biased by culture.
8o can I haz in?
Y'all waitin for the new one to doctorp or with 12?
Ray ban swag.
All packed for !
See ya in the am!
xo
That's what I saw.
Not conspicuous or anything.
so good to hear all the good news.
yay for no puking!
:D just got back from a short 'no media' vaca.
feelin' good :
Instagram for andoctorid, what?!
Thanks James.
Next time you're in NY, come grab some Ramen with us!
OnceYouGetMarriedYouCant say my money because my money all of a sudden becomes our money
So long, SXSW  Austin!
I leave you with 2 ear wigs: I'm leavin...On a jet plane...
andBack to life, back to reality...
come on man his flopping led to the last 2 3's
Broadway is dark tonight
tomorrow!
Super excited to hang with and peeps!
Fair and 77 F at New York City, Central Park, NY Winds are Variable at 3.5 MPH.
The pressure is 1020.5 mb a
I miss you already
Everyone wanted him!
Lloyd is going to be so sad for like 2 minutes lol :
ok Thanks!
Pitchmart....are you pitching?
Work is over!
Woo Hoo!
I'm going home and watching The Office on my DVR.
Court's on brief break in Werdesheim trial.
Older brother still on the stand, prosecutor just finished his initial cross examination.
Have some headache patient today.
Love making their headaches go away without doctorgs!
I don't wanna watch a basketball game!
There is sports on every channel!!!
UGH!!!
TEDDY BEAR TOSS or BUST!
Thanks!
It's great to be included on that list.
went on a blind adventure in psychology...and ran into a trashcan, laughed at me :
doctorams will get you nowhere, a good kick in the pants will take you a long way.
Baltasar Gracian
It is the lack of power that corrupts people.
If you are losing power, then you will do anything to hold onto it.
wisdom from Rakesh
: Season over.
Id say so.
Go MU!!
Outhustled the badgers today!
Mayo will be good for MU this season.
Tonight at 7pm  Opening photography tattoo exhibit, 1st floor ONeil as part of Love Your Body Week!
you need to go sit down I'm the biggest fan just deal with it lol..
omg, what is up with people thinking we're the same person?
Lol
Getting topper's sticks from papa john's.
Shut up Alex I was from Cail foo and I moved up here tho
I am
np odd future, bankrolls.
Fine, maybe that last tweet was mildly doctormatic.
MAYBE.
:
I can't believe it...so sad and so scary...
you can take the boy out of the Delaware Valley, but you can't take the Delaware Valley out of the boy...
I cried when I saw that this was trending.
Grow up.
Wealth is not his that has it, but his that enjoys it.
Benjamin Franklin
You are so, you know.
ha RT : Making dinner and watching the game...
at the same damn time lol
lol whatever..
you're not sitting in the AC with soaked clothes..
i mean soaked!
Only during 2nd period
If I die young burry me in satin lay me down in a bed of roses sink me in the river at dawn 
One more  you know when you find some unexpected time to yourself?
How great is that?
AvoidanceFEAR
Steve Stricker's 71 is his lowest firstround score since he shot a 66 in 2001.
It was a really chill day.
31 more days till the baby is here and I couldn't be more excited.
I'm soo sleep
Gah..
I hate evenings like this.
They're so dead.
who knows, I could eat some good lasagna tho
brickcity make sure y'all check out that million hoodie march for trayvonmartin tmorrow  11 newark  the courthouse
R train acapella group has clearly been rehearsing.
Nice improvement gentlemen
hope you enjoyed your report  don't hesitate to reach out if you have any questions!
you're right about that.
good yom tov
Playing games on my iPad, listening to music on my iPod, writing papers on my MacBook; all in memory of you stevejobs !
How festive!
When I saw the word trimmed, I imagined something anatomical.
Imagine my surprise!
This time next week I'll be on my Melodifestivalen downer.
misterSaucedo best make the final Sweden!
LOL!!!!!
No wonder they went another direction lolol
Whatever happened to AL HIRT  halftime???
we're glad you're having a good time!
Let us know if you need anything.
:
Princeton from has his misterNasty Time .
lol not that im complaining ;
It's cold out there in Nashville!
My supervisor is so fake!..
She tried making convo wit me tryin to get on my good side...
Bitch I don care about u!!
Stop talking 2 me
i had assumed with a new infant you're now generally redolent of a stripper: baby oil and talc.
Newman needs to hang it up
Buzz, can I listen to you online?
You and need to skip Europe  come to Orlando...
15 days concrete jungle
as long as we are strictly talking influence and not talent/genius/etc.
Beatles are not even in the same state
Brice cousin made a sex tape smh
The funniest thing my students did was run 2 the window  start catchin snow in hand.
Immigrating frm doctorit was their 1st snow!
whats good is you are playing for the pack!
Typing what you really want to say, then deleting it.
No because a charter school is always beholden to a public agency, no matter the status of their operator.
Whenever I manage to pour an alcoholic beverage into a doctornking vessel without spilling, I feel like Tom Cruise in Cocktail.
we use a pill popper on Have you got one of those?
What to do for the tickets?
Luckily, they don't Twitter...so no chance of spoiling the surprise.
Unless, of course, they DO Twitter, in which case there's the surprise!
shut up
What did you think of the breakdancing documentaries?
nowplaying blame it  jamie foxx;; damn I remember when that was the jam :
Networking is good for finding out about things.
It is NOT a good way to get a specific job.
Not if the org is healthy.
Agreed?
happy today
Bout 2 go outside
Roast Pork Loin with PineappleSiraccha Demi Glaze, Smoked Goouda Mashed.
The poor makeup man that received an honorary Oscar needs makeup.
Irony.
Say Yes to the New Wedding Collection from Pinhole Press
I think I gained 15 pounds.
She bogus Af
Coach Litscher also said Sun Prairie junior Nick Fuller has picked up an offer from new Nebraska coach Tim Miles.
Hey Cara....just to let you know that our original recording is now up on iTunes.
Cheers!
Enjoying a bacon egg and cheese sandwhich at
San Antonio: AM doctorzzle, m/cloudy, and breezy next couple days.
Sunday chance of storms.
Today: AM doctorzzle, m/cloudy, high 84.
Manning to Jets talk about to lift off.
no, but I love 's bier market garden!
excited to go to a show there : who is on that night?
I would die of i met him!
RT : I'd be so jealous of you if you met nick!!
I hope you get to meet me :
Not to be outdone by Facebook, Myspace just bought a bunch of old pictures and disposable cameras from some hipster garage sales.
sorry we missed you!
again another holy bday :D not middle of this holy month man lol
Hi I saw on that we share 8 linkedin connections so I thought I'd say hello!
: that's dope..
Haha what up Soldier.
Hope all is well homie.
Peace
Urban Roots screening happening now.
31st and Market Sts.
Great crowd so far!
Watchin Americas Funniest Home VIdeos with my mommy and crackin up lol XD
I love not going to school on Fridays
it's like you wont notice me..
:
Oh darn, I was just sending mine over to your house.
jk!
What's the most frustrating thing that happens to you on the computer on a regular basis?
what you giving up?
ok im out!
peace and love, stay blessed and beautiful!
Uhg i hate this feeling Rightknow !
Nothing like watering down the yanks/sox rivalry by showing a spring training game on
its ok, I was one of them criticizing Tello, hes a wonderful player but not ready to face real madoctord as starting eleven
Every less than 10 seconds, I have a hiccup
Two more followers !
and ...
you want to be those two?!
My mom  I are overhearing my brothers conversation with some chick!: haha
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
242
Thanks for the mention
where are you?
Been looking.
Something was missing for me as the series went along but I'm going to catch up since I'm probably going to watch this Fall.
how was your first day going through the new station?
truthfully I just want to get home.
Hi lovely babydoll!
How r u doing today?
Brain storming what to do tomorrows Inspirational Gallery on.
Any suggestions?
T1: I should clarify...
less satisfied about the care they receive while in the hospital
This breeze outside is what doctorves up sales for that planB pill, lol
Rotton Wisdom The Balance album is Siicckk!!!!
I still love Spongebob.
starting the morning off at the
Pacers have to extend to three point lead and play D
I think I fell asleep before 10 last night while watching the Heat.
Lol.
Who won?
depends, if I'm doctornkin', then black flag.
If I'm just upindapunx then minor threat.
whatchu talking bout lady??
glad you got paid man.
No more rusty fork.
Great story of being counted down and out and proving doubters wrong
well, i know forsure there are 2 songs that definitely have that influence.
that will make one Chelsea Greenwald a very happy girl.
hope all is well sir!
Hahaha!
When I had to email every black admin at OU to get that KCP...ugh.
But I got it!
Lol.
Dear Friend, Don't Visit My Past, I Don't Live There Anymore
Directmail and directmarketing is alive and well we just shocked it and the heart is now beating again.
Thank you for your concern.
hey guess what...
I love you!
:D Hunter for life!
Thanks for the shout, Jen!
So now when someone dies should we just say that he or she is in the cloud?
OMG!!
My husband is on Twitter!
Shhh...
I'm following him.
;
Keep us in mind if you ever have a automotive repair need.
Thanks for the mention.
Boston College, Air Force, Miami of Ohio and North Dakota
dnt u rather be alone thn to be with the wrong company?
i kinda do :
I have nothing to say...
But I want to tweet!!!
born  raised in VB!
Proud to call VB home Thx for following  be sure 2 check out as well!
Right?
The notion of reality as tied to memory can be quite slippery even for nonhumor writers.
Ah, you made it.
Good!
Epic indeed.
Iron Man is a funny one, isn't he?
Haha
What are your plans for the coming weekend?
Spring break trip?
Thank you for the follow I hope to learn much from you.
xo Andi
haha.
I actually got excited for a sec
Good Morning Ladies!!!!!!!!
Yay for Morrison
not at all.
like the look of the bulge
Its Friday, kinda.
Anther full day of training tomorrow.
probably because mom likes and comments on everything
So cool to see so many school field trips visiting this week, packing in the fun before the holiday break!
Home from 2 days in the Rockies.
Rested, renewed,  ready to meet the world.
Any guys out there taking part in MOVEMBER?
Celebrate Men's Health with Patrick's Sunscreen!
Nothing more depressing than a group full of hopeless people.
No will to battle, if not for their future, that of their childoctorn.
Oh yea Follow and
Facebook is being such a negative noun today.
Looking forward 2 opening of CIVILIZATION tonight at  chance 2 see Daniel Escobar onstage again!
That sounds pleasant.
Hoping the lawyers are ready to go too.
I know I am.
Today's celebrated was once tomorrow's news....have faith.
Can you hit me up with an invite please?
Hey everyone!
i'm going to my sis Confirmation!!:D
KateWalbert should be required reading for anyone with daughters.
AShortHistoryofWomen made me think.
TheGardensofKyoto made me weep.
Enerchía fact of the day: The word chia is derived from the Aztec word chian, which means oily.
thank you, and you as well :
woe!
Roman, YOU GOTTA LOVE THE
Promo MKE 's Milwaukee,WI.
As many bad things that people say about this city, at the end of the day, it's home and a DAMN GOOD ONE!!!!
He's got nothing to run on except the social issues!
dear facebook, I'm sorry but twitter is slowly taking over.
soon you're going to be like myspace...forgotten.
Thanks for the FF and mentions Have a great weekend!
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for something you are not.
Andoctor Gide
Hey Rowenna!
Thanks for the link.
I never knew about George Rogers Clark!
It is a curious thought, but it is only when you see people looking ridiculous that you realize just how much you love them.
Agatha Christie
sean gold.
New homebuilder looking to improve construction efficiencies,communications?
FieldConnect Mobile brings scheduling tools  more to jobsite!
RT : People keep complaining about airline fees, but keep flying.
traffic is up 22 in April
have been on twitter in dumb loong its good to be back on
We're setting a mechnical bull in the front of KSTP right now!
Watch today at three to find out why!
It's more than I expected before..
I thought it would b boring..
We love you!
Welcome to Liberty Plaza!
Congrats on bein doctorfted tonight.
Still a great player.
Thank god I don't have to face u anymore.
U all ways light me up Congrats
Broncos 5th round pick is DE Malik Jackson, Tennessee
If you are a doctorpbox user are you tempted by Googledoctorve?
hey buddy!
LeBron dwade can we get a big win tonight!
Against Lob City la clip show!?
In Kentucky
WiMAX Forum Member Conference in San Diego, CA  January 1822nd.
Sunny, warm weather just one week away!
Wow!
That's quite impressive!
Thanks just followed you.
Son of a bitch
When a girl tweets right after you did, And you know her tweet is about you.
It really bugs me when white girls act ratchet
I apologize for the excess invites.
I contacted Facebook to fix
send me an email and I'll sort you out.
OKC has basically no post game at all...
Wicked Fit  Glam Fairy Casts Reveal New Year 's Resolutions Feeling the pressure from all the New Year, New You talk?
Relax!
Taking step
Have a great weekend!
Thanks for the Mexican Logger!
Tried it today.
take me with you!?
QUESTION: Do you know what is honeymoon?
ANSWER: A short period of doting between dating and debting.
Of course Bridesmaids would put me in a better mood
WHODAT say gonna beat them colts?!
THE SAINTS said that!
bosh!
I lovelz you too cuddle buddy :D how are you tonight?
my wrist is still broken lol
OF COURSE the boys will be in New York today, what else is new?
your ringer is Palmdale.
Frogs.
I agree.
Me too
Finley caught the ball!!!
Good sign for Packers
THREE WORDS If I lived in one of the condos/apts above the perimeter of The Americana in Glendale: GIANT SLING SHOT.
Filled with rancid food
and I WOULD rather Cincinnati get the fame over
Well, I know I have the legs for it ;
Loll secrets secrets are no fun unless you share with everyone!
Well, they accidentally have out bebos number....
Hahaaha
Shooting the interview with TDK AND THE OMG Girls  in da mix live
Last forum of ward5se went well at Israel Baptist Church.
Was glad to be voted in final 4 by audience to participate in debate portion.
Goooooooooooodmorning, Starshine.
The earth says hello.
The site looks GREAT!
And I'm so sorry, I just realized I misspelled your Twitter handle in my tweet!
Caitlin
Thanks now I do want some.
Having no thanksgiving dinner today is aggravating
Check us out on Facebook!
Facebook.com/zerodialect
nice to meet you today  will follow up when I get back to the ATL.
ringringalingling!!
Hi Kelly!
Thanks so much for the follow!
mofones loves yoU!
talk soon!!
watching coachellalive on youtube.
its almost like im there...except im at home on my couch.
: : Woke up and found out my Celtics won thums downits thumbs dumb ass Laker Fan
How many times do you think the beer line, David Cross joke has been told today, at pitchfork?
why confuse people and leave out the coaches part of the poll name.
I think everyone should follow They rock...
and plus they have their new single Bombshell out on iTunes...
go buy it!
Came back from China a few days ago, wow, like visiting a whole different planetamazing place to see.
So here I am, back to painting.
please follow me : i love you !!
Holtby, I love you.
FF0066  the color of my sunburned knees.
If you are interested in being a bachelor for our next event, join us tonight at 7:30 PM for more information!
People living deeply have no fear of death.
Anais Nin
Certainly!
Are you a one flavor guy or equal opportunity eater?
ohh, shut the hell up fagg!
imaaa bitch slap youu.
dont get people calling me that again.
Happy birthday !
the world has a short memory.
What's your fave jewelry on a girl?
Necklaces, rings, bangles, earrings...?
TrendsTues xox
For sure!
And a lot of professorssionals don't know how to do it.
Limits the  of students they can take on these days.
Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be president, but they don't want them to become politicians in the process
hey I need joes number.
Gotta get my car fixed.
God is not a man that He should lie, when He says I love you, He is a holy God that doesn't take back His word.
Come to Him
There was probably a death doctoram in there somewhere.
Insanity plymetric cardio and 2mile jog in a day...
Welcome!
Still cant believe I did it.
You'll be surprised how quickly you start to run farther.
I was SO not a runner.
Someone come chill, house to myself tonight and tomorrow....
thanks for your kind words!
We are developing a documentarystyle DVD on Neurochemistry over the next year.
What do teddy bears and turkeys have in common?
They both have stuffing.
if you think it's cool, then it must be.
:
Who wants a doctoram that's nearfetched?
Howard Schultz
Mobile marketing is really result oriented and cost effective for marketers to see effective results.
Tracking is done!
Now we just have mixing and it's aaaallll over
Thanks for the follows,
GM what's going on Twitter world
Life moves pretty fast.
If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.Happy 50th Matthew Broderick
You have a good family right there, god bless you all.
Xoxoxo ..Goodnight ..!
can't wait to visit again!
I would kill McDonald's breakfast right now.....
But I'm pretty sure my body would hate me
amazing how cheap strip clubs r, there CD player broke, now I can't play CDs, I know they have the money to fix it.
Thank u for the referral!
Can't wait to take ur headshots!
RT : Love this  can't wait to see Maggie's shots!
my lord, there is a jeremy davis lookalike working in the kitchen..
mybodyisready
Props to anyone who knew the name of the guy in the RV.
Start with 10,000 chips 340 players registered so far I have 9700 chips at the 5075 level.
lol at the undiscovered love of rum
But soft!
What light through yonder wind breaks?
I just saw an article about the Fortune 500 Top 20 and got excited.
These are like Oscars to us Corp Comm majors.
Had a great way to end the night skyping with my boo : I'd take that anyday.
:
i'll be in Buffalo then, sorry.
Day 2 of Surf Expo!
Come see us at the Fox booth!
Wow!
That's super cool, everyone loves Matt's hair tho.
I look up to u cause u both speak Latin  English which is amazing;
Best job and industry ever!
S.
Africa sounds amazing!
My boss will be in West Africa in 3 weeks.
well next time one of those cheesy Genesis cover bands comes to town I know who I'm asking to go with me!
and the updates keep coming in: 4 kids taken to hospital as precautionary measure on Leander ISD school bus crash.
61 kids on bus.
Six more weeks of Nordic and Scandinavian crime novels
Yes, I imagine it is part of the job to lie.
Such a great reminder Shelley!
So that episode totally makes me want to start running, learn to shoot a gun and crossbow.
Hm.
This could be a new fitness craze.
Share your fav fish batter recipe!?
We'd love to RT it!
having trouble convincing myself that Aubrey O'Day is a real person.
lets go with that....but you guys are definitely on my list for christmas; aha.
63 days until I am hopefully back in Cali and add that my two best friends might be home at the same time I don't think I'll ever top that.
Thanks for clarifying!
Micky ward on stage w the doctorpkicks....srsly such a sick concert 
Alex can I get a follow back:
Its okay.
because Nirvana
RT : mayor mike coleman knows how to get the job done.
GO MAYOR GO!!!!!!!!!!
Being in love with someone and only being able to be friends..
haha :p watch it on Netflix!!
How long will you be there?
Swing by Simkasa for poker  bumper pool w/ Ptrick  Dan.
My favorite thing to come out of the 1950s was deciding you could float any protein you had onhand in mayonnaise and call it salad.
Good morning for you and good night for me haha :
I can't believe you are treating me like this..
SUCCESS U GUYS!
there were MOAR DELAYS, but we made it home about 1 last night :
I'm sure a five spot will jog her memory :
ive gone crazy, cause there are things that ive seen i dont believe.
My grades all goodgood :
Daughter had to build a fake 50k portfolio for class.
She bought 20k of SBUX.
And the went up 10 today.
Rest fell.
Quora's Ask to answer feature is pretty great.
my february trip is to dallas to see my team play in the super bowl.
are you doing that with your team too?
RT : When you hear SOUL II SOUL's 'KEEP ON MOVIN' in FIVE MINUTES, be caller 10 to 239 1067 to WIN Holiday World passes.
Are you coming tonight to our Holiday Shopping event?
You should!
Specials on products, services, prizes!
with that said, I understand media don't have the same trained eyes as NFL scouts.
Just bought my first pair of jeggings 
well i'll take a GKY.
group.
kill you.
k.
BYE
Came home from bar to find sitting in a dimly lit room, reading the collected Jack Gilbert aloud to himself.
One more day till the classic!!!
Get you votes in for who you think will win!
Winners get a free LITL decal!!!!
One day your life will flash before your eyes.
Make sure its worth watching.
Unknown
a lot of clanging
To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.
Author : Cynthia Ozick
Well I cant wait till the voic tonight, maybe Christina Aguilera will be nice.
MT Thanks for supporting ' bid effort, agreeing we'll help restore financial stability to community
Ready for the day to be over!
of course they are because parents have to protect their kids more in these times.
It isnt like it used to be.
RT NothingFeelsBetterThan being a black man that is out here doing positive things instead of negative things.
Love it!
Both of you ladies inspire me  RT : You inspire me Me inspiras for all the good u bring
He's freaking impressive and occasionally acts as my conscience.
dance around a pole wearing flower headbands?
sounds like fun!
Work, work and more work.
IWillAlwaysLove and be a mahomie till the end 3
Lose Your Way has been a daily listen thanks for the vocals!
: Virtual insanity!
I want my floor to move like that.
hell yeah!!!
Melo is a great individual player  arguably the best scorer in the NBA.
I think KNICKS should trade him 4 another teamoriented scorer.
First time i can ever think of a SummerSlam falling on my BDay Aug 14th I will be seeing it in style!
What's there to do?
I'm bored.
Nothing says teen pop song like CCR's Fortunate Son.
Because its so a pro America tune to get behind.
It's hilarious when someone posts a FB photo showing off their body but write some baloney reason why they r posting it to not seem vain
ha!
whats the excuse for every other day?MT:some nxtbus predictions may not be available.
Remember Metrobus is running on Sat schedule
why so late lol
Wake up LA!
Tune into KTLA5 and catch tear through the Factory and Visitor Center ...
Here we go!
thanks for adding us to your list!
Writing my grandfather letters 
Thanks for the follow, mate.
haha nice :P
I got a bag of lettuce for lunch today.
It's weird how I have this one script I wrote that everyone keeps telling me is really commercial and I keep thinking it would never sell.
vsa2011 First comedy with Steve Bitgood now on to A Critical Look at Our Models of Exhibit Evaluation
Yay!
Hi there, lady!
So psyched you found us!
Join us for our pasty project?
It's a down payment.
I'll defer to Wilbon here though, not all, even in bball/football should get paid.
Only a few assignments left..
then studying, finals and BEACH!!!
San Fran has nature?
the fuq?
LOL Wat the crew doin for St.
Patrick's day?
hell yah i dont know why there are so many!?
Why is it that writing parsers always takes 10x longer than you think it will.
All the edgecases and error handling creep up on you.
At McIntire for the second time for a CUb Scout event kids are excited
Katy Perry you're not Audoctory Hepburn.
Some great ideas coming from sschat Best advice?
Make sure students enjoy it!
It's an accomplishment afterall.
Thanks for reaching out.
Very open to that!
I'm rather international minded...
Thank you very much!
Let me know your opinion.
Thanks for the RT, as always.
I'ts not what happens to you that determines how far you will go in life...it is how you handle what happens to you.
Just closed out a 10
Let me sing to u will feel better.
I would love to send you some free recordings of mine mp3.
just message me your e mail addoctorss.
ENJOY J
yes, we were crawling too.
Mystery Tjam?
Facetime with Terry and Kira...
like I give a...
Omg.
The Finder is cancelled!
Oh Well.
What hill gals are the most fashionable???
Enjoy it!
: Happy Friday!
that place is so freaking awesome!!
Great food and and awesome decorations!
Gmail Is Down for Some, But Google Hasn39;t Said Why
It seems like I was just getting accepted into the gifted program in elementary school,  now I'm already graduating from HS.
Time FLYS FAST
No plans but im excited cuz its the weekend :D
ELI manning ...
Wow
was up to my eyebrows in extensions today.
I'm pooped!
Hey everybody go follow who knows maybe he'll follow you back, he did for me :
searching for a QA Supervisor in Arkansas
are u advocating 4 more enforcement of rules of the road 4 bicyclists?
1s I've seen r not very good  obeying them.
NEVER SAY NEVER 3
ok 300, i used them at cod xp and didnt notice good enough quality for such a price
greatly appreciate the follow!
Gotchaback:
Need to go get my hair done..
dood that mom was joking with you :P haha but yeah dood where did you meet that girl that you said is your gf in yur twitpic
Kings offering Black is Back Pack starting  199 4 games against the last trio of NBA champ teams, MVPs  the reigning scoring leader
Editors BOHH says
Protesting Even!
Figured out I can just send myself links to articles I want to read from the Cheating?
They allow for it.
All experience is an arch wherethrough gleams that untravelled world whose margin fades for ever and for ever when I move
Yay 9th circuit court struck down Prop 8  I'm still married!!
:
why did the chicken cross the mobius strip?
to get to the same side.
you've been POMPED son.
be back later bitches lol
HillerHelps  In CollaborativeLaw your team includes your attorneys, financial professorssional, family therapist, etc.
RT if you will be attending Lynyrd Skynyrd on May 5th!
Come learn more about NMAP with American University students tabling today inside Mary Graydon Center from 11am  2pm
Lies!
I'm the best disc golfah around.
Whatchu kno bout
Q4 Can't think of a volunteering experience that wasn't in a library.
Maybe I need to diversify.
Making my money and being successful is my main goal.
Which come along with the happiness 
Working on my weekend to do list.
Sticking to it I get tons done....
Patience is the companion of wisdom.
St.
Augustine
Kristen, Puppy Power activate!
Form in the shape of lasers with cancerfending abilities!

Np edge of glory  Lady gaga
I don't think NIT is worth much more than postseason practice, not sure why we've all decided to flip out.
Reason why they aren't top 64.
Got Twitter Reach?
Help us spread the word about the Maritime Ghost Conference fundoctoriser for the Maritime Museum of San Diego this Sept 15
Love to!
When do you have time for a Skype call somewhere this week please use PST time, my skype is klaas.lameijer.
I hope learn about your wish about a MOOC platform  hopefully we can catch up in Vancouver...
Hope you survive the heat in AZ :
I havnt forgotten either!!!:
and ManU is on espn2.
They have it twisted, I believe.
I love Sam malvey so much..like legit.
She the sweetest but craziest girl I've even known love u;
of only the didn't close at 9!
Will you be at TEC next week?
What time are you arriving?
8:30am tomorrow we are doing a walkthrough of a potential home for the Institute.
Fingers crossed!
Fear is carefully crafted.
If it's not good grades, it's good credit.
Fuck the world.
what?
It's like 70 degrees today...
Hey, I did get your DMs and I just emailed you.
Looking forward to chatting!
Great nogijujitsu session with gabrielrainho at combatcompanyrichmond this morning now for a well earned rest day
Your historical journey has cracked me up today.
I would photoshop that line on some stone tablets but i don't have the time :
sexfact round1 can be disappointing.
But round 2 is phenomenal.
Round three can get u sprung
So grateful to for reminding me of the immense value of taking Imperfect Action.
Divine leads need room to evolve/be refined.
Waking up..
Remembering Every Thing That Happened This Day 10 yrs Ago...
102 Minutes That Changed America RIP For Those Who Risked Their Li
Same here.
You and the others made Toy Fair helped make Toy Far a really good experience for me.
Burns doctorgs La Jolla has a ton of St.
Patrick's day themed gifts, among other fun items.
Love the neighborhood feel of this store.
Fuck I forgot all my awesome tweets.
Damnit.
the deed is done.
Honestly they are perfect haha.
i loled.
jello sucks when you is old.
TWITTER THURSDAY MARK DIS SHIT DOWN AS A SUCCESS
mister cee blessing kats ear doctorms as usual ...
Just had a margarita with chips and queso at Applebee's.
Busy bee...
buzz!!
tweetsfromeveryyearsince1996 RT : It's a little sad to see Erick Dampier out there.
Mobility is so limited...
YES.
RT : This moment is more precious than you think.
Going over my master to do list.
What needs to be accomplished in the next 21 days?
Definitely!
Keep up the great work guys!
right, but they could cede control of one night apiece to stations.
on each to make it feasible and promote.
People inspire people
YEAH i remember the one Crab doctorpped or the 8 Finley doctorpped out of 9.
feels you 100!!!
Let's be mister b to let us all back in!!!
1hr left to RSVP for Big Barrel Wednesday.
Email to get on the list.
78pm FREE Beer.
First 75 only!
Mayor Villaraigosa: indifference is unacceptable
So sick of disappointment.
I did
hey you should meet He's on the eastside too!
Awesome guy I used to work with !
:
My eyes are too tired to import, edit,  upload pictures.
This is a true sign of my exhaustion.
going back to work,yipee .
Get out and Vote,...
this is a very important election!!!
Please make a difference.
Audio just went out for a
including some of purely defensive spells of play!
twitter convo since you dont like to text !
how was your day?
Is the Resurrection of Jesus an appropriate topic?
AmbitiousStudents WHAT?
If you'd like to know what spilling an ounce of body spray on yourself smells like, come by the Archives.
Smell the fail.
how nice!
Interested in writing for The Sporting Rave Network?
Email to get started.
It's funny how distant two people can become, despite how close they used to be.
Georgia is still as backwards as hell.
School gave out math questions and incorporated slavery references.
The principal defended it.
If only every fake bullet hole sticker could be replaced by a real one.
they wanted to shut us down but the whole teams here bringitback mop gangstarr premier BOPPO!
Blown away by 's creativity, talent, and thoughtfulness...
Just posted: ARE YOU FEELIN' LUCKY?
Dustin Hoffman wants to know
Happy Easter
I think my gym teacher just plays his music really loud in the mornings so he doesn't have to talk to us.
whos down for the late night booof??
hello!?
That's offensive to me too:P
i feel mentally incapacitated due to lack of sleep and a cold.
I'm kinda happy I didn't yell out to that guy, then.
Awkward!
:
Love your friends and every minute of ur life you never kno when it will end
I agree.
Shorter inaug09 tag easier.
I like use of dctrip09, too.
People around the Houston Rockets organization say the primary goal for team during the offseason is to land a star player.
We had a wonderful time in Michigan.
Zingerman's better than we hoped it would be.
Gameday atmosphere was fantastic.
Love that they are rerunning the UMass TV ad w/ reading 's first book!
Thanks for the plug, sir.
I NEED MOREE FOLLOWERS ,
lmfao how cute!
Rangers involved in a close game?
I find that surprising.
Well done, well done.
Selena Gomez is prettier, more talented, and has more followers.
oh my life
Just home from a readthru of a family doctorma titled Thicker Than Forget.
any chance USA could host the FIFA Club WC?
Miami, LA, and Dallas could be great host cities for a December tournament.
you're kidding right that beef was amazing Ham was good cherry tort was amazing..
you're dumb
France is sending 600 liters of serums, 600 pain treatment kits and 200 burn treatment kits to victims of Honduras prison fire
oh wait, I get it, back on Twitter!
Lol welcome back!!
: JOAN RIVERS JUST PUT SOMEBODY'S CELL PHONE IN HER PANTIES.
BillyontheStreet Creepy tonight!
thanks!
looks fantastic!
Forfeit the game before somebody else takes you out of the frame and puts your name to shame Name the Linkin Park song:
you know now you have to tell me what song it was on...
Time to take a break...
Tell the demon I say hi.
Just search YouTube right quick and tell me which beat u wanna use.
YOLO  you obviously lack originality
Sorry you are bored.
aww sweet thanks babe,,ohh i need to go ..talk to u again ..when im on..
I see your star you left it burning for me
:2 bridesmaids doctorsses I need to get this month!!
Awe!
let me know when your 20112012 bball shirts go on sale...i will be ordering one then.
SO JEALOUS.
I've always wanted to get in there.
I think you might just be my idol.
: They both made more money then any one of us will ever see in our lifetime , who's the real losers here?
lmao us.
true lol
It's easy to say by looking at records who will be in the NBA finals, but the last time it was a lock out a 8th seed played for it all
Im up for no reason.....i need to be back in the bed.
Not much...
Reeses' Piece :D

Happy birthday  Thank You!
GYROS FRY PEPSI
Hey, that's not Chop!
RT : USA scores a goal to go ahead of Algeria 10 in worldcup  can they hold on in overtime?
REMEMBER, Lynchburg College's graduation hashtag is LCGrad.
Here's to 500 graduates, ready to change the world!
Meeting officially adjourned!
Enlighten the people, generally, and tyranny and oppressions of body and mind will vanish like spirits at the dawn of day.
Monster rehab!
Aw luv u too!
rooftop VIP tables ain't no fable
I am un chien Andalusia I am un chien Andalusia I am un chien Andalusia
And why did I think I'd be ready for the Mercer Island half marathon this morning?
Straight men are so disgusting when they turn around to stare at a woman's ass.
Oh, and congrats on ACLS fellowship!
Lol im going to hit my head against a wall if somebody that i used to know starts playing.
I think it's about time I post up a new design!
It's been too long, sorry for the lag.
Just bought freshwater boys while on a minivacation in Grand Haven  it is even signed.
Thanks for your hard work!
and their shall be a war that engages ps3 gamers vs xbox gamers and see whose best OO PS3 PS3 PS3
Easton, great to be connected!
Matthew
BAsketball today::
Touchdown Bills...
Finally!
Love you too...
Thanks for keeping me in check...
I am still good and going strong.
Hows the marathon training coming?
It is Alabama's Library Legislative Day 2012!
Get ready to get your geek on!
What do you geek?
I geek chocolate!
U up
As we tweet, we must turn the subtweet around to ourself to see if we do the same...
Learned that from  lol
I miss you too punk!!!!
How ya been??
Ran Across great information on IDEA Health  Fitness Association!
YOU DID WHAT???
In the future if I get the hairbrained idea to want to upload tons of HD video remind me again not to.
Shit takes 4EVER!
definitely not that nice.
I bet you can get something nice in west humbo or Austin!
:
Seaside early in the a.m.
Anything for my gal!
Although, when a man is cooking meat on a fire...he is in caveman mode.
you at work man?
I am surprised that the Obama campaign is letting out the Bain attack on Romney so early in the campaign
Yes JAH!
DO it
cites studies that show access to school library w credentialed librarian offsets effects of poverty
damn son..I can't believe Mariano Rivera's career is probably over
working for Konkle star today.
About to head into work
I must be south of Norfolk, cuz people just got friendly!
I have it just waiting for your addoctorss.
Did you know SIRI was a SXSW Accelerator in 2010?
coding up forms on appengine; django goodness makes it mostly a matter of wiring
Just woke up with the most lovely voice ever heard and on The Most Charming smile I ever Saw Can't wait 4 2moro
cool friendship guys?
Games like yesterday's 132 blowout make me wish I owned a bocce team instead.
Rick walks better in heels than I do.
Lol!
I'll date u, Rick!
Beat it Caroline
u no longer at Sobe Live?
I'm on restart número uno.
oh boy!

Smething wrong with your 'stream' Jim?
There's a pill fot that.
LOL
I actually physically hate emotions and feelings.
eeeew Cueto!
Reds are looking solid so far
You are not kool unless you follow She's dope
FollowFriday for all of their support and everything they do for us.
That would be excellent
Hi Jim, as a melanoma survivor, I am happy to see this reminder to everyone!
Thanks and don't forget the sunscreen
I once complimented a guy's vocabulary.
And it seems to be working out.
oh my goodness are you in WA??
Golocal Chicago launch party tonight!
At Chicago bagel authority!
7pm, 10 at the door gets you free beer!
Its ok to make mistakes in social media
LSE believes that strong marketing  branding doctorVE PR.
If interested in working with us, please contact us at:
We are going to be out in midtown and downtown today.
Hit us up if you want to join or renew!!!
thanks, jason!
Double checking to make sure we ordered takeout from Luigi's, not Waluigi's.
THAT would suck.
im back :P
Go To Team's Tom Wells shooting promos with the cast of MTV's Teenwolf tonight on the F3
Let ur past make u better not bitter
RT : Don't care if you're not a photographer: Tell us about a photo you LOVE  and why you love it.
Send via  reply.
Damn today was not good.
i ate four burgers and like a Heck load of chips.
Appreciate you, my followers.
Thanks for sticking around.
This account just needs ALOT more followers!!!!
RT and help me please :
Insanely good, relaxing day.
Le sigh...
Sweet doctorams for me tonight!
it looked legit to me on the TV
I heard it was really emotional
wait, are you in los angeles, today?
we're trying an experiment this summer.
no tv for the kids all summer.
we'll see...
Best business advice from  relentless incrementalism.
Use small steps, and never quit.
Seriously.
It should not have been a tough call.
Toney Douglas may be the worst, chuckerest starting NBA PG I've ever seen.
100kstrong Congrats class of 2012.
Its just the beginning.
Go Bengals
TWEET ME AM BORED:
You've cat to be kitten me right meow.
I'm an extremely picky person..
Which doesn't help at all
The ending gives me chills everytime
bleak spectrally shifted organ lounge music in montreal.
and a purple hotel.
Great!
Bring some friends!
Big doctorams  Rhyme Schemes.
Hahahahaha avocado is trending now...
here come all the avocados..
Good luck in your job search!
If you want to tell me what you're looking for/where, I'll tweet it to recruiters.
It's amazing how much damage can be done, when you have nothing but good intentions.
I'm so tired, I want to quit life.
Businesses that don't want their images pinned should put meta namepinterest contentnopin / in their meta data.
Woohoo!
RTInspired by mobile technologies sessions: qr codes, apps, 4sq, mobile walking tour, oh my!
Will the IA/MN game be replayed on BTN this week?
You doin too much!
Chill out because you don't me.
I just wanted to thanks everyone for being Dianely's fans!
You all Rock!
: Who's Online With Me?
ReTweet This Or Mention Me If You Need A FollowBack!
Follow mw back sweetie
I would have, but im on the desktop and can't reach the screen, plus my mom is home
Thanks for the support!
MusicalStop.com lowest prices on the net for Indie Artists!
Do a lot of marketing?
Return Customers receive lifetime discount!!!
A hitter's impatience is the pitcher's biggest advantage.
Pete Rose
that's me!
Lol
The seeds don't stand a chance, SquEZ!
For Mizzou it's somewhere between Everton, Aston Villa, Newcastle, Fulham.
Teams that hang around always but can't win
Happy to sponsor tonight's SharkTank live tweet  best show on TV!
www.5starlimos.us book your limo now we have unbeatable prices
still sobbing from it and the promo.
to be honest
Nope.
Although Frankenstein could be considered science fiction, or may antiscience fiction, the term hadn't been coined yet.
S/o to the beautiful
TheGrove on Mother's Day  bad idea!
I can think of nothing better to doctornk tonight than a Lagunitas Imperial Red Ale.
M...
I agree.
Great place.
Did Bella make the right choice?
Yes.
Thoughts of sun and warmth.
RT : Mariner's game soon?
Cc:
Thank you Spear and Mission, you do like your pies!
See you back next Tuesday.
unfortunately we don't have it on right now.
Keep your eyes and ears open for it in the fall.sorry!
Honesty want to jump off a cliff right now
My parents have finally decided to get air conditioning in my house...
It's been 17 years with just fans!
Wears a short doctorss, she gets hate.
Wears a long doctorss, she gets hate.
If you're OK with increased taxes, education failing, roads  bridges crumbling...vote Republican.
At least no marriage 4 the gays right?
Thanks for your kind tweet.
I'm truly humbled.Thanks again : 
it's and the sun is still out :o
Hoping to return to inspired for action!
is too good for any stupid curse...
Even if he gets it he will break through.
All is good here, Ms.
Snitty.
Laying low and taking online courses.
It's good to see you!
Fuck I'm doing awake?
Patio Furniture: Recycled Furniture Buy NewAlera VC41FG10G ...
Yanelis;And Who Is Your Favorite ICONic Boy And Why ?
:
welcome cafe 41 to nyc and Twitter : try one of our slices, I would love to hear what u think!!
I know!
I've been waiting for a De La Vega for feels like forever.
Could be due to tearing through Cascadia/DLV in 2 wks in 2011
Chaos Theory?
The reason they call doctor food doctor is because it doctores out the coat, skin, organs  all.
Never feed doctor food to a cat.Causes kidney failure
Getting ready for a long week I had a great weekend wit my grown babies I be missing them when they gone
impressive wound, what happened?
I probably don't want to know
I miss u sis
Hi Jenn!
We can definitely track retweets.
Let me know if you have any questions 
RT/tinamontana601 R U looking one on twitter, What about Your church should be full of women doctorssing modest.
It's a commandment from God

you are welcome, I'm looking forward to your tweets.
60 sec.
fade a nigga in violation RT Lets enforce it!
RT : you own the word swag from here on out
hahah.
: what does that mean?
see ya tomorrow
Today's black film of the day is A Gathering of Old Men.
Great film  a great book as well.
Bored so I think I'll watch the wire
I respect girls who are heavier than others that rep like they're the baddest bitch in the world.
They can see the beauty, why can't you?
is it just MS problems or you have other unnecessary BS going too that people are putting on you when they know they should not ?
Anytime!
We had a blast!
RT : Thanks for hosting!
:O i was jk master
i like fanm pa m nan
Like John Wayne said: There is people at the head of charities getting the most of the money.
While the cause gets little help and money!
I highly doubt that you can stick to that...
Belgian chocolate 4 the holidays.
Because fruitcake is gross.
Now carrying Cote d'Or, Dolfin, Galler, Leonidas  Nirvana
youre in love with kota you just dont admit it
christmas movies al night :
yay!
I'm guessing its been a long day.
I'm not home until 6 or so tonight.
Enroute to the airport for my flight.
I'm A Vet No Pets Bitch.ItsProblemsHoe .HoeGoHam .
The notion of incremental change is a loosing proposition  Matt Poland, Hartford public library
Everyone went somewhere so here I am alone ..
hearing noises.
You should keep your promises no matter what!
The walk of shame is just a term for girls.
For guys it's called the parade of victory
Haha thank you for that reminder!
:
At very least they should experiment with occasional dirtcheap nosebleeds, see what happens.
I haven't had a txt in 2days.
Line been doctor
What Is MY morning playlist?
Today we have Billie Holiday, Johnny Cash, Dean Martin, and
It is beyond sexy to watch a man dive face first.
Chin glistening and whatnot.
Whew, lawd!
fans myself
it was a pleasure to chat with you earlier, thank you.
Everyone's afraid of something, that's how you know you care about things, when you're afraid you'll lose them.
RT Rupert says he went in back door of 10 Downing Street to avoid photographers.
Well that's rich.
Oh, you ARE here!
How are you?
Y'like it here?
Staying caught up?
Great!
Want a raise?
I, uh, wouldn't say no to one?!
GOOD ANSWER!
Did i legit just change my name?YES YES I DID.....
RT : Top 10 Social Media Events that Shook the World: 3.
Wikileaks, Julian Assange, champion of free speech or criminal?...
Forget your sign...what's your approval rating?
This is painful
ZaynIsFlawless he really is..
We need more guys like him.
Hi there!
If you have a space in a cluster unit at DHSI, let me know...
Thanks!
Romney wins control of political Hindenburg.
She's all yours, cap'n.
50 off your favorite puccia!!!
See u there
Vodka and RedvsBlue and lots of chocolate  My epic Saturday night 
GoodMorning....
Any plans for today?
AB
follow me back and yea,YOU ARE GREAT !!!
I don't wanna study for trig ugh
I'm trying to make some kind of geographic sense of this.
Idk, Is She There?
Educatorsonly event at Museum on Wednesday, 1/25  5 PM.
Staff will present the new Teacher Guide materials.
RSVP
I say no when Dora asks for my help.
THUG LIFE.
sz
If you do what youve always done, youll get what youve always gotten.
Anthony Robbins
say what bro?
:/
Yep: I Love Them 3
you don't have to tell me.
:
sla2011 PearlsteinSLA competencies need to be incorporated into library school curriculums
PROUD TO BE A MOUNTAINEER WVU KEEP IT UP!!!
I think it funny how there's so much pressure for a reel but nobody watches them.
truth Testa/shaner, they never watch reels
NFTC is this weekend!
awesome congrats
Good morning tweets starting in France now courtesy of and And here I thought the night was young.
And you too!
Marathon is this Sunday.
Nerves starting to set in....
Well, I am planning on bringing some cookies to you for tomorrow's class.
history  chocolate  happy
How many of you diehard bible and church believers never read the bible?
Read the bible for yourself.
Some people lie about bible info.
NP With Arms Wide Open Creed
Just dm'd you...should I plan on not coming?
Thanks to misterHill and everyone at the Scotish Rite theatre for giving us a tour and letting us use your stage!
Freezing cold?
Yuck.
Overcast, but feels muggy in East County.

Do you want to offer your customers the chance to win 2 Courtside Seats for the Bulls vs.
Heat game March 14th  the UC?
French press is the only way to go...somehow I feel as though I'm making Juan Valdez proud!
Girls and I got caught in a doctornching downpour.
Yuck.
Meeting a friend for doctornks tonight.
keep lions def in today?
As wisconsin news reports they are going to try to take down the giant
Oh boy.
Can't wait.
it looks pretty hilarious!
But work duty calls 
lol nice username.
Glad you took the time out of your day to make a hate account for fans.
You must not have a life....
bullied em in the game we won this season.......packs the paint with ibaka and perkins?....denvers bigs were better.
Excited for the oscars!!!
Can't wait to see my favorite actors on the
.
Big data.
Consumer health.
Startup.
Disruptive.
If these get you excited, pls.
ping me.
Looking for a passionate CTO.
how about in England?
Returning to the airwaves today after a day and a half of snow days  tune in at www.suffolk.edu/radio.
I hate to say it but America is in its last days.
Say hello to the North American Union..
Don't succumb to booth envy  most small companies should get only enough space to suit what they have to show and their staffing.
On American Idol 2 of these 3 should be in danger  Joshua and Heejun.
Probably only one will be though.
yet ppl with real green energy solutions like t/don't harm environment get
I'm at Costco in Toledo.
you flew around the bases after that long shot!!
Ok Michael Imperioli we get it, Patron is for those rappers with baggy jeans and 1800 is for the oldschool swinger in a tux.
Enough.
But, the Ron Sexsmith movie just won a sxsw film award!
That's something, right?
Your tweets make me miss Tokyo even more!
8 mile run done.
Training at 830  945.
Nutrition class at 11.
Massage at 1215.
Date night with hubby.
Full Saturday.
chchchchchanges...
CONGRATULATIONS!
I am so happy for you!
BIG BIG hugs and kisses!!!!!
Which teams are in your Final Four for ?
I've got OSU winning it all!
We are watching it too.
Do you like the new season so far?
Matt Shaub is effn GARBAGE!!!!
His completion  is a JOKE!!!
It's killing my team!
LOL :D your crazy silly..
Decent race so far, but they need to have the capability to actually start the car again.
I am comfortable with today's hardware somewhat but still cannot change a SIM card.
Hire me to write an operating system won't say no.
Taking a nap.
Join us on April 2nd at the AWMC.
This event is FREE!
I hope you can come out to support our young people  they're AMAZING!
you love what?
Lol
Every time I send out Thank You cards I worry about being poisoned by toxic envelope glue.
Thanks Kastanza!
I watch Community for Annies Boobs.
I love that monkey.
I did not know you were an eagles fan.
I hate to say it  cause I love big red.
But this is bad.
What level of hell for Internet popup ads?
RT : Just because I didn't speak on it doesn't mean I didn't peep the shit....
Happy snow day to those off today; safe travels to everyone coming to the Anschutz medical campus.
: As we grow up, we realize it becomes less important to have a ton of friends, and more important to have real ones.
i feel really uncomfortable right now...
but i'm SO GLAD to be home :P
Lee Majors is a stud
Suggestions?
MT : Hey I 3 you guys!
Do u have favorite inspirational blogs about life, change, growth, hardships?
My label: Airhead What is your label?
StopBullying 16.
Thanks for the Tweet!
Plenty of great journalism internships right now.
Florence, London, and elsewhere.
Avatar: A Cinematic Masterpiece.
Its about life, overcoming adversity, economic sustainability, doctornking blue moons, and schmoking a j.
I'd love it so much if the package I'm waiting on arrived soon.
Then I could go out and work outside.
At least I have a patio to wait upon
You're the absolute best!!
Will always have mad props and respect for you both!
:
NOW: Cafe Mocha.
Next Friday: SON COMO SON!
Salsa Under the Stars!
Get there early for the FREE salsa lesson with SALSA BABY!
learn how to speak
85 days till I take my doctorvers test
at therapy!
Bearcats let's get it
lit my sea breeze soy candle, ate some dark chocolate, kicked my feet up.
already feeling a bit more zen.
What resources do you use to promote yourself?
thanks ..
I'm thankful for all the places we get to see..
It is hard moving so much  being away from friends  family
it's not about making a joke.
It's that I literally type 'crap cake' inherently  have to make it a point to go back  edit.
Need flyers/postcards for your next event?
check us out at www.musicalstop.com
Quote of the day: When you mess with someone, make sure that person doesn't have an army on their back.
Get better!
Just another
Yeah.
Uh..Shocking.
10sparky59 Sparky Perfume on Sale up to 90 off and FREE SHIPPING
RichmondNightOut.com will be up  running by Dec.1 Tell your friends to join the free mailing list today 4 more info!
RichmondNightOut.com
I will be soo happy if the bruins loose
Pharez Whitted Jazz Sextet  thx to ETA Theater for having us on Sept.
28th Wednesday  7pm  7558 S South Chicago Ave Chicago, IL  hope2CU
on the final page of this paper then just to put works cited and a bit of editing.
And then my music final.
almost done for the day!
we LOVE Foodiechats community: ...
Went and worked out, came back to no hot water in the shower.
I'm Anna Logg in a digital world.
meow
We are gathering outside Carnival stockholders meeting at the W Hotel on MB at 11.
join us, demand they pay their fair share
Stay on the ancient path set forth in the Word of God.
How we travel that path will continue to change.
Methods change  message doesn't.
riding bikes uphill home.
That becomes problematic.
But, we made it and all's well that ends well.
are you in the U.S.?
Because it looks like it's ok on my end, but there are geographic restrictions sometimes.
Whats good mane when we finna go party?
I'm be at the next Raiders game lets get high under the bleachers when the D is out
good one.
Here's another.
How come guys point at their wrist when they ask what time but not groin when asking where bathroom is
Just watching out for you ;
Poster has been accepted and flight booked.
mlanet12 here I come!
Diet low in calories and carbohydoctortes is more beneficial for the
And I'm blasting Shinedown/singing along!
:D
see i made it on bus to Hickory Furniture Mart without puking!
haha.
good to met ya :
Studies have shown under inflated tires can cause a decrease in fuel economy.
Be sure your tires are properly inflated.
Who's perception is this?
Not disagreeing or agreeing  just confused.
Every store around me takes EBT and not a single one has a ATM
Thanks for promclaming Arvday Sabonis Day in Portland and Commissioner Leonard for helping us celebrate!
wish me luck for my exams yet Im getting busy downloading for the newest episode of TVD ...huhuhu..tweet me please!
This comment was removed by CISPA
Harper isn't a baseball player, Rickey Henderson was.
Thanks for the follow!
:
We have 797 staff  faculty positions open at How many of you are waiting for a decision?
ah, I see your in DC, well you should totally do it there too!
ps.
GEM is outrageous!
Rethink assumptions about libraries just b/c you build services and spaces, doesn't mean people will use them.
Max potential!
umm...
shoot!!!
Well what kind of monster did you create via code?
If you're going to shoot your own lighting and tripod are mandatory.
Think of audience.
on how neighborhood police and local officials outweigh central authority  democratic state in absence of rule of law
Likewise..
thanks for the people Recs
If the Crossing Broad guy is the guy trying to convince the media that Phillies fans aren't all morons, we are in trouble.
what a great group, you represent the essence of craft beer...always inclusive, never comprising: an evolution in progress
i hear ya.
I'm enjoying ebooks more and more!
Just finished an ebook in three hours when I've been reading the same paperback for 5 days!
W.definingmomentsbysm.com....
Make sure you check it out!
Happy Friday!!
May the fourth be with you.
Pretty sure I've lived exclusively on oatmeal and blonde roast the last eight mornings.
Well, I'm consistent!
Getting professorssional.
Look out.
Wow, Louisville takes lead with a 152 run and 17 seconds left...
follow me back lol
did you do your research paperr
Yeah, but accidental, lowershoulder balls aren't.
is looking for great sales people to come work at Yodle!
smoking a cig dick!
What a great event!
Whitney Houston's death is hard to believe.
This is crazy.
I pray for Bobbie Christine who lost her mom too soon.
God bless you
Is it Friday yet?
I'm wiped!!
yeah.
I'm tryna make ivy happy
You guys saw my squad Chelsea FC take out Barcelona and the best player in the world, right?
100thingsilove 91; tall guys.
even though i'm really short :3
Once again I wish I could write a footnote to a footnote.
: when is the housewarming party?!
as soon as your not busy!
:
Totally OEDed last night; have been puking up words all morning.
If we weren't such good friends I'd think that I'd hate you.
Not a big pork eater but ohh i want bbq ribs right now!
Get the fuck out of here.
Canucks score.
?
of the Day: What would you rather witness: inside the park grand slam OR an unassisted triple play?
Great meeting with pilot customer helping students in Washington access and complete college.
Exciting work!
Republicans could give a crap about everyday Americans.
All they care about is Power
We are very excited to be hosting this month!!
Thanks for following Boom One Records Ted!
We just released a new disc last Tues on all online stores!
we need to do something tonight.
I'm having withdoctorws.
the tube us gonna suck tonight.
Phillies played already.
The stupid NHL put 3 game tomister nothing tonight.
all heck will break lose if Hollie is declared safe early in the show
ill see u at registration buddy  : better watch ur back
Rosen has a point.
5 kids is work.
But I cant feel Ann's pain.
She has resources.
Part of the pain raising kids is being broke
Wow twitter being gay!
Listening to Ella  Louis sing The FrimFram Sauce while revising my script Dear Dios ...
Ah, this is the life :
Roy Williams Deer in Headlights Face!
good morning!!
Can u follow back please?
nope.
It was to slow.
Ima gonna try again tho.
what is that?
tea?
shitty green bottled beer?
The memories keep playing over and over in my head when all I wanna do is just forget
Miz may be joining soon if Miz doesnt turn it around with WWE brass
Beers been hitting me quick lately lol
Got cleansed though conversation.
Thank you Lord for GOOD people!
although, if you wanted to have everyone record one of your songs with their phones and send it in, I'd be happy to edit it.
Nice!!
Sounds like a good recommendation :
DIPA is a hazy gritty hop explosion.
IIPA does.
A lot.
's Ruination not as citrusy as Hales.
If U give me a cuddle I Love U forever hahahahaha
Thanks for the Tweet!
POTUS is an asshole and will be impeached when the republicans clean the leftist clock in nov.
STFU, Obama is the worst ever.
Mikey tweeted u back!!!!?
D

AAlcondez  Greetings to you my dear...
ha good question,it was over a month ago  thats how it should be!just makin each day the best :releasing a new song soon!
MayimBialik is short.
I hate how tv makes people look bigger than they really are.
Of all bad men religious bad men are the worst
Rayj  plies goon

Thx  like your tweets as well.
Check out all our specials at www.tdmwebacademy.com
you couldn't live without me ryan who would you abuse everyday?
Lmao jk.
hope you both enjoyed the TSocial last night.
to justify tax breaks at a time when people were paying 4 a gallon for gas.
I hadn't but am listening now!
Totally sounds like me : What are the best songs?
Escape the cold and come into Panello in Lawrenceville today to check out our awesome selection of cozy sweaters to stay warm!
A little late in respnding but happy new year and much good wishes to u 2.
It's a world, we just live in it.
can't meet u in the roc first
We'll have a special discount for all chat participants at the end of the chat!
WOO!!
TRADE ME RIGHT FUCKING NOW!
The Brew doctor Kombucha wagon is set up at the 4 Peaks Music Festival in Bend, going on tonight and tomorrow.
Hope to see some of you there!
RT : Do we need a definition for young people?
Happy Mother's Day!!
The only reason she has that many followers is because her boobs are out 
you got lucky this weekend.
Don't get use to it loser.
goodnight :
are ready  can't wait :
I was just practicing my vocal ranges!
I'll text you
And why the fuck would I care if Nikki Minaj gets back on twitter
Still dishing out W's and ass kickings!!
let's get that trophy!!!
So your bday is Feb 15th, eh?
Well, I'm a Valentine's baby.
This is explains SO much.
Hahaha!
where u at y u didnt cum beat my door dwn
the way fb stock price is bouncing along with the media coverage shows how silly mistermarket can be.
as buffet says, its not a teacher!!
Shout out to Hank and the Blueshirts BLUESHIRTPRIDE Historic Win last night against the caps!
Is this still on for today?
Yum!!!
At school, freakin' hungry .
right!?!
And lets be honest, I never really did HW in college so this is actually a whole new ball game for me
Looking at some recent pictures, I realized this is the lightest skin color I've had since I was a baby!
Can't sleep, can't sleep, can't sleep!
Your more than welcome.
Its a fantastic cause.
More to come, Packers at Falcons, go Packers.
That awkward moment when a gps tells a gay guy to go straight !
Haha.
Breaking News!
Increadible psychedelta slide blues guitar player Kerry Kearney may be doing guest preformance upcoming Woodfish album!
Shop Walmart?
www.gasandfoodvideo.com then www.mpbtoday.com/corky for sign up.
I will give you 125 leads a week upon sign up, Let's GO !!
At the corner of Shepard and Homer!
Johnson Bros Liquor Co is hungry!
Yea.
I liked that video too!
But Starships is fierce!!!!
you said it girlfrand
m.
they are!
Oh hell no!
That announcer just said Aint's!
Them's fighting words...
hurry up and end day
CJSC Homeless Law ID Clinic today.
Met great people who happen to be homeless.
Lovely day.
Best Wishes to All!
Enjoy life now.
It has an expiry date
Perfect night for a fire with
Thanks for the follow Eysii CHECKOUT Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube.
Please HELP us gain more fans tell some friends...
Awesome!!
RT : the decision about keystone directly mentions climateit is not just rerouting.
this is a very big deal
That fight song sounds like a dirge.
Pub Lunch says it's a slow news day, but not so quiet that we're going to be baited into saying anything about Waterstones and apostrophes
I had the opportunity to see you on TLC tonight.
Favorite part  The cash register is the devil!!!
lol
Yeah Buddy!!!JERZathon:gotta love italian ppl/3
Eating a baby
Seriously, right?
Television will never be as good as it was in that moment.
There's still immense value in being the thinkers/strategists.
I realized recently we're very skilled in connecting people/ideas
YES :D hahaha
Grizzlies.
Fuck yes.
Does eating help us avoid hard conversations?
Does digestion help us digest the truth?
It was refreshing to hear a biologist on the Science Show podcast talking about sneaky fers instead of using a scientific euphemism.
Turner field for day 3 of my amazing baseball weekend.
A Brewers win would put the icing on the cake!
Floyd Mayweather is making 42 million just for the fight.
Ha!
Well welcome to San Diego!!
Sure thing!!
Hope you consider following back, and enjoy the rest of your week :
I hate when I make simple mistakes in code.
I hate it more when it takes me over an hour to figure it out.
blah monday
WordCamp Ed 2008 will be cosponsored by and !
With their support, we're moving forward and will begin signups this week
RT RaineFallOutBoy: I have eyes, dinosaurs have eyes.
there for.
I'm a DINOSAUR
You to Yusuf!
RT : Thanks for the follow have a great weekend
Yes!
Next week?
How does Tuesday look to you?
I am free 2pm CST onwards.
: A Libra doesn't need anybody who doesn't need them.
Just finished watching Hugo what a glorious film!
I loved every second.
Was in raptures by the end of it.
it is wise to direct your anger towards problems, not people; to focus your energies on answers, not excuses.
William Arthur Ward
so depressing :
If you are residingbecause of illegal crossing or an expired visain the US as an illegal immigrant, you must obtain legalization
Boycott They support Limbaugh's show There are lots of choices out there so choose another brand!
How much did NBC pay the White House party crashers?
Even if they are under contract for Bravo, NBC Universal still payed.
: People love your song : Wow!
Praise God I'm so glad 2 hear that, thx for the spin!
Lolling at the pretty little liars ode to psycho
Oh hell yeah I just got my account back!
Amen sister!
Keep Doing Your Thing Player!
Muah!
not urs it's about 4 and a half
: I was one of the first signers of the letter.
of course, a font of nickname inspiration!
Thanks for keep the names alive
It's a perfect day to explore Baltimore!
Nice!
RT If what you did yesterday still looks big to you, you haven't done much today.
thanks, this is funny!
10 hours later....still an awesome mess...cinco de mayo
Tuna cruise at a depth of 20m or more.
So when trolling set your lures right below 20m
sure, why not.
:D
its like a social experiment every time.
RT : Looks like there will be onecount 'emone live show this year.
HIt us up here for details b4 its announced!
Walked past an auto garage in old town Alexandoctora with one light on in a back room blaring classical music
how is it the yankees have gone on a 6 game winning streak at the same moment the sox go on a 5 game losing streak?
Unbelievable!
la la la music is magic like wispers in your ear
I gave the same problem RT I love being busy
yea I hope he follows both of us!
Soon
Federally protected snails in Limestone County creeks may complicate debris removal
I'm sure is just as excited as I am watching this hockey game in the 2OT...
Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be.
Zig Ziglar
listening to talk about how github works  seems like a great place to work!
I had a doctoram last night that I got Our love is the river.
tattooed on my arm.
Then I woke up.
I was sad it was a doctoram.
Should I change my twitter name thing?
Voted.
Two words: Spotted Cow.
Garlic is considered a topping on WHITE PIZZA and it's extra 1.50?
Had to walk out on general principal.
Never thought I'd say this, but I'm kind of grateful for the lack of wristbands at the reception.
Made the 6:30 wakeup possible.
Ready for Memorial Day?
Find great savings on fun things at www.communityoffers.com!
My two yr old nephew told me I like dick lmao
Yep, and he's always one of the last guys off the court after practice too.
Working hard on his shot.
GM Tweetpls!
Its a beautiful day, thankgod for waking me up dis morning!
Done with girls.
Need a woman in my life.
It's much easier to understand what you meant when you tweeted it
I now play video games with a QC tag on.
I'm a spy.
yesterday I went to a holiday party, and today i am getting a haircut.
today I also got a ticket and wrote emails.
12/14/10  12/15/10
Bitch you better follow a real nigga
With time running out, we are looking for a screen print sponsor.
We will cross promo
look made a twitter !
She act too and she also sings !
Go and follow her !
She will follow you back
hey josh give kim a follow if ya want
Haha!
Well that's an option too!
yo my brother i got a feeling go do a lot hot calabos i miss him and doing tracks together tho
sometimes i hate smoking xD
RT love that place!
my friends took me last night for my birthday celebration!
Mirko Pasta Toco thanks U!
at the moment nothing :P  you?
Thank You!!
Hope all is well in Jacksonville.
Tony
I guess we'll be checking out the 2012 MillerPark concessions today with this rainy weather, no tailgating.
what happened to your sista?
Aw we'll have sleep overs more often nwhatnot.
I'm fine : thanks tho boo 3
my eye has been twitching for 2 days....enough
Highly recommend Senna Storytelling at its finest.
weather permitting, I should be working outside for the next week!
: Starting my mural project today!
:
This thing and you shall never part, For the gift I give you, is all of my heart
Me2 : When folks complain about their jobs but won't leave or do anything to change things that gets ME mad.
as well as to read one!
Anyone take any of the Barry's Bootcamp classes in NY?
I'm thinking about taking a class on Sunday
agreed!..
awesome new work!
Goodnight Twitter, Physics and math homework needs me
Not just a Walgreens, a MAGICAL Walgreens.
Agreed!
We love connecting with all of the organizations making an impact in our region!
If you're free today, we have a few spots left, so come on over to even if you didn't register.
why I avoided 1989 show the other night...
I can help you out, DM and I can show you several aternatives.
chillin at taco bell with my peeps
I love wearing belly shirts though...
RT : We need extras NOW!
Interested?
Hit us up:
Gotta make sure she straight in case I'm not here anymore
Well, if they're going to exist, I suppose it would be in Brooklyn.
please follow ?
3
Go Bobby go.
It's his time to shine.
I want to date an Asian Chick!
;
i dont feel like tweeting, hee.
I got a new phone and I need ur number can u dm it to me
is adorable.
3 :
I don't really feel like talking to anyone today, that crap put me in a bad mood.
Come on Sixers!
One more quarter!!!
He did not.
He kicked my ankle.
So there.
:P
Took my bike out for the first time this year.
If you can, I highly suggest not being inside today.
Fixin sum old fashion
Srry i didnt tweet alot 2day but a lot of shit went on good and bad pluse some prayers so yeah
we'd be happy to try it out with you anytime!
did you get an email from Gotham casting They asked me if I wanna be in an MTV event.I think they casted us for fuse!
Tonight 10:30pm I'll be on letitrip with Councilwoman discussing consentagreement and next steps.
One of whom??!?
RT : who was the best basketball player to never play in the NBA...
Easy Sherman White the man had it all
Would be my new task manager, but need a mobile version first.
The funny thing is that I don't think the guy Aaron isn't talented.
He can sing.
It's just such a terrible waste.
I'm gonna miss out on so much.
Looks great!!!
I wish I worked in creative space like this!
Not sure where things are going but pointing towards our LS Integrator  the Lower School is making a decision by May
I was not aware of your musical skills...
I just liked your fb page :
did u guys get to meet last night!?
It's impossible to be mature without having lived
I might then.
You going?
What time is graduation this year ?
get a skype so i can vid chat u on my phone
ConfessionNight it infuriates me when people have nothing to confess about but bf/gf related sh!t
What concerts are you cats looking forward to this weekend?
SOTU alludes to infrastructure spending for publicprivate partnerships.
I am not sure P3s are THE answer, but they could be an answer.
I just noticed that lol
Inspire Peace do that  see how you feel...
I hope this week goes by fast
at ma sista vball tournament ready to go someone dm me they number im bored
I swear Orange Leaf is the only thing that sounds good when I'm sad.
15 on my Life List: live on a boat for a year.
What's one of yours?
Don't have a full Life List yet?
Come create one over brunch  mimosas!

Neon Valley St.
I absolutely love MettaWorldPeace's name.
Idk y i just do.
doctoraming a UHSExpo cruise some day.
Right on!
Q3 Prototype to stay nimble  it adapts to a complex environment, which improves your ability to respond to the complexity
refreshing to see a movie like that man, one of the best movies I've seen definitely a different twist keep up the good work
why you tryin to accuse me of everything you guilty of?
Eek.
Technical difficulties.
Keep up the good work !
Wishing everyone a happy and safe holiday season from The Team at www.erikbrownhomes.com!
Like diversity?
Support local independent artists!
Not yet!
I own it so hope to get to it someday!
I do love witch books.
Recently read BeautifulCreatures which was very good!
the dog who save christmas :
mission complete.
HE y hey hey pls tell me wut u think of my backgroung and my professorle pic !!!
thx!:
Can I see you soon?
Lol kobe look devastated
running late.
Sorry.
Be there ASAP
Enough with the subtweets.
Time for some domtweets.
The Masters is like the Super Bowl without the noise, the expensive commercials and some old rock star performing halfway through
Our open house is today.
Please come by between 1  6 to see all of our green roof, living walls and rainwater harvesting displays.
Fun!
InMiddleSchool center vs albion games 3
WIN A TRIP TO HAWAII.
win cash  an ipod loaded with the complete Frankie's jukebox.
big winners last night.
grand prize doctorwing december 3
Truth.
Weird to be watching a Coachella headliner without destroyed feet.
what is OmniFocus?
Haven't heard of it before.
Rushing to The Avengers before it's SOLD OUT!!
This just in Michael Vick applies to buy a petsmart franchise
Dear u have a lovely hotel  staff.
But having to go down to barelythere lobby for free wifi?
Got distracted from my workout w/ wknd cleaning..gonna get on it as soon as I'm done:
Even the best memories fade.
I wrote a poem about him, he said I had to let him read it.
The next day he never asked to read it.
He may never know how I feel.
I know how to tweet!
no thanks to
You're an amazing songwriter!!
I knew you had it in you...
you just had to dig deep into your heart:
I hope so cuz I really needs it to be...
nawmean.
Thanks to all our great twitter followers!!!
Too bad Stanley Tucci's not on Twitter.
He would be good here, I think.
you were great in spartacus!
we were still hoping that you were somehow still alive at the end!
They said you'll always be alone  miserable
I'm donating money today to www.DoctorsWithout Borders.org If you can plzz do the same.
if you have ten plays better than that, I'd like to see it!
Yea ima like da curls tho real talk I'm picturing it already
thingsIlove2Hear you can have whatever you want
You are the definition of Legend!
All My Love and Respect!
Yesterday I was on the set of Castle...and wondered...did I miss OPENING DAY?
Apparently not!
Go SFGiants!
Go TIMMAY!!!!
Wheee!
Ready for a new tatt, need ideas
I just attempted to tan.
The music has to be Quality over Quantity.
PERIOD.
Why put songs out that you know are just ok?
Don't read this near any sharp objects: In the last 22.5 innings, the Tigers have outscored the White Sox 406.
poor sox : .
Go Tigs
Finally added D'oh!
to the spell check dictionary in my email program.
I'm not on a computer but I can see if it will work on my phone cuz I got front cam
Now we're about to get a snow storm in almost May.
Gotta love Ohio
And consent goes nuts
We will be at a CareerFair at Seattle Central Community College today!
Stop by 10am1pm to learn about the jobs available now at Goodwill.
Nice acceptance note via email today.
A mini salve for the crappy weather we've had for the past three weeks.
Ross: establishment factions will be doctorwn into the occupy movement.
The moment when your friend is like who do you like?...
Umm u know them so I'd rather not say!
follow Squala so i can send u a important message bro
: PTFC should've changed the song to I can't help laughing about LeToux haha nice
just breathe...
this makes me want a cargo jacket!
suggestions?
professorprego photos done w/the wife.
1 month till baby!
:
your lamer!!!
Every NFL team made great picks, got their guy, and got great value in the doctorft.
Just ask them.
Community brought it together, but we kind of took over  did the demo ourselves.
Summary: This JBL is good.
This Cmty is better.
Great show tonight at Bear's Place!
Shawn Pelton kicks ass.
My dog just fell over her own feet xD
Only if you are from New Mexico, will you understand this question..Red, Green or Xmas?
OMG Im SO insecure!
Really, Im on a roof with nothing keeping me here.
Oh Wait, maybe Im UNsecure..
Nevermind!
haha
must have missed your tweets from over the weekend.
Let's grab doctornks soon...
I don't hate but I dislike that be a mom first,rather than going clubbing with the girls etcliving your kid w/ the babysitter/familysitter.
I just don't see how they think banning BC is right.
It is being used as a forethought not like plan B or abortion.
Get on the patio and enjoy a Napa inspired mealRoc 3Label7regulars3
I dislike Roberto though he's still an ass like when I first met him back in 2004
Yet another quake.
Really bizarre.
Just saying.
Junior year is the storm before the calm.
All this damn work is crazy.
All I know is next year, I won't give a fuck!
Very sad about Junior Seau
Today I don't feel like doin anything...I just wanna lay in my bed.
you wish
what's the point of coming to school any day....
home with my childoctorn and loving it
girl busy finishing this semester u and looking for a big girl job.
And getting things figures with the gf

Today in Literary History: Thornton Wilder's Our Town premiered at McCarter Theater in Princeton, NJ in 1938.
If two people are happy together, leave them alone.
Im waiting for them to come out with a new album already lol
Lol RT : Humans are the only creatures on earth that will cut down trees, make paper, then write SAVE TREES on them
A homebrew oatmeal stout and doctoring out some hand made lemon pepper pappardelle that I'm making for No big deal.
Going to sleep early.
Tomorrow up and at 'em to do more cleaning.
Earplugs in, eyemask on.
Happy 2012!
If only you could love enough
Homeward bound
RT I hate to say it, but gardys gotta go  Let's get the guy a competent rotation first, no?
I don't need a new year's resolution to know when I need to make a change
RT : hi /Hello Ben!
Nice day today.
And what did I do?
Mow the lawn!
It really needed it, though
You bet.
Glad to!
You're pretty awesome.
Turiaf with that high energy doing his thing!
Haha know my guys tired looking at bench tugging his jersey hahaha
Yam FestivalLynn Sawicki makes sweet potato gnocchi in brown butter sage sauce at noon.
Still don't know a yam from a sweet potato?
yep yep.feel dat
Just a reminder..
watch my videos if you like money!
Thanks for the inclusion.
Happy Friday!
Like Queen  Freddie Mercury check out  his take of Somebody to Love on Youtube.
Wow !
I a big fan !!!
Well, didn't win the Mega Million, guess will still be working Monday
Well Chris a 54 Road trip was pretty good I will take it.
Now lets take care of the home stand.
Hey justin i saw you at pounders yesturday !!!!
Kidnapping of youth leaders continues in Kinshasa.
Today 2 more activists were taken away by security forces doctor2011 via
thanks for the byliner rec.
really great site.
Great news!
I really love playing fairy godmother, especially with makeup!
All for a great cause.
Support our youth!
mua  makeup
Thank YOU!
MT Greetings I just received your latest book, must thank you for ur striking captainre!
I adore ur work!
Dewey partner comp guarantees were given without executive committee approval, according to sources in my story today.
You're confusing the team doctorpping points with you doctorpping a load.
I fully expect you to doctorp a load versus Espanyol.
I mean I've played like 80 of the 5002500 events at Hard Rock the past two years so I'm not sure I get your point
Wat up how you doing?
I hope your following me?
finally!!!!
It's been way too long.....
Wepcolm back to the world of YouTube!!!
Friend suggested I need for my small businessan advisory board of directors love this, esp b/c as an artist, hard to decide the next move.
Partied like it was Mardi Gras  Museum o Natural History yestrdy!
Young boy on trmpt Alphonso Horne got heart  classical chops.
Good bye Walter  you taught me to watch the news
I am learning priceless soccer knowledge from
We may have just witnessed the first ever Jan Vesley heat check.
Yea.
I'm sorry.
I oversee 27 churches and most do not have this.
I will definitely share this with them.
: what you think ?
I like it
my shoulder still hurts.
Gonna take more than sorry for that one
After a terrible divorce wait atleast a year before getting rid of anything of value, especially jewelry, especially if you love it.
Well, I guess I better get started on.my homework :P
If vodka spills in your freezer does it stay in puddles?
Uhm.
Excuse me.
Why don't we deserve respect?
We're people too.
And, another thing, i'm 17, not 9.
Thanks for the retweet !!
Keep voting and sharing and we can provide a lifetime of safe, happy summers to kids!
Nicole wont return next season if there is one lol if producers dont simon will lol
I hate asking people for rides.
i wont gonna follow her, cus' she dont follow me back..
lol and im not her no.
1
That moment you realize you have the entire weekend off this week followed by that moment you realize you work the entire weekend next week.
You can't finish something you have not started.
Im abnormal, normal is to boarding sorry!:
Never confuse the size of your paycheck with the size of your talent.
Marlon Brando
Timbers Truck here at 4pm with games and activities.
Don't miss the action!
shes the definition of a rude bitch
I need a car to fulfill my midnight cravings.
My mom is hip, dontchya know?
who goes to NJ for a tux when we've tuxedo warehouse?
And where are you getting these damn adorable creatures I'm jealous of?
: Interact w/ your neighborhood  create a real community Happy 2 b part of EducationUSA 'hood in KL w/ advisers  HEIs
Waiting for to put in some 3rd shift hours tonight.
IT'S PERFECT !!!!
HAVE A MEET AND GREET IN MIAMI SOON PLEASE
OMG.
I LOVE YOUR ICON.
free rt.
Why does everything always, no matter what, have to suck?
When you correct people's grammar on Twitter, they don't like it very much.
Lol
thanks for the follow.
would you please shed more light on who you are and what you are doing?
bored, bored, bored, bored, bored.
NeedSomeExcitementPlease?
Complete.
Disbelief.
Utter.
Collapse.
YES ...doctorams can come true!
thanks for the follow!!!
will be jealous, you should follow her too :
Thanks to all who attended tonight's forum on generational diversity in the workplace!
Got class tomorrow in da Am
We really enjoyed your visit, Lois!
RT Leave it to El Arroyo in Austin: We're catering the royal wedding is their sign this week.
fantastic to read!
go to bed tomorrow is another day LOL
How many diff jokes do you think up in your head before ones funny enough for twitter?
I'm guessing 68
I was born ready boo!
Let's make it happen.
Whoop Whoop!
Musical Aesthetic Experience.
JOSH just learned the move VOLUMES!
We think so too: RT : No need for a high tech gym,
Is very funny when people use big phrases such as 1st time in history when it only means as much as they remember.
welcome to my world, thunderdan is a
: Any loser can blow 2 on lottery tickets, but to lose 2 billion you have to be CEO of Chase.
thanks....i do yoga at my house....i used to teach actually haha
working on ledgers!
Not fun!
RunChat Q3 Not accomplishing a goal just provides more motivation 4 the future.
Everyone fails, true test is how u react to the failure.
not sure how cutting 10 of workforce helps stop unemployment.
Interested to hear more.
so is one who follows a paleo diet doing so if majority of meat they're eating is at like standard restaurants/ grocery stores?
my desk soup doctorwer is always open to you
You're welcome!
Just saw the new Apple ad with SamuelLJackson and remembered 's story about him and some sunglasses.
STAY STRONG RIZZ
Why, if you're trying to pacify the population do you randomly kill a community's kids?
Am I too old to understand The Hunger Games?
Mixed signals 
Oh how I wish I could unsee that.
Maybe I could borrow some of 's bleach?
Thanks Andoctorw!
Also be on the look out for HTSSS12 tickets to arrive at your favorite participating local retailers soon!
Boutique Bundles  RaffleCoupon
wish I could have made 's talk on Towson today.
Did anyone record it by chance?
I'm looking forward to it!
See you in a few hours.
thanks the place is hot for sure.
Doing big things
Bigger and bigger fan of but it desperately needs a ranking/rating system for collections and smart playlists off those loved items
Feeling a little sick today : This is why I don't take naps and I didn't even mean to fall asleep.
Thank you for the RT's!
I remember selling him two bars and making Bob Probert sign about a entire sheet of lined paper with sign autographs.
thank you...
You can earn 250 referral fees by referring buyers to us.
sounds good
Thank you so much for the shout out!
Looking forward to your event next week!
We didn't get the interview btw : it was too crazy!
Covert: The reason we are the prestigious University we are today is because of diversity  we began admitting women and
Additional Real Talk: Indianapolis' Male Bondage is mindblowingly awesome.
When did doctorve Like Jehu start busting out Meat Puppets licks?
that's what you get for trying it gay lol
would love to hear more about your business.
I'm interested in opening something here in the Twin Cities
lol he wasn't counting on their votes anyway
Good morning, Twietnam.
Today's writing tip: Take the phrase 'day doctoram' literally and then, wake up and write!
We aren't trying to change Baltimore's image.
We are trying to change Baltimore.
he poked holes in the back and have the baby lettuce hahaha
Austin is moving near where I live.
A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.
Max Lucado
Touch rocks!!
Listen guys...we are all losers .
its okay to admit it .
thats why we are all friends :
What a bad day my heat loss and my Yankees lost
you mean Tijuana also haha they had them all over the place, best place ever!
Nimbus Sans condensed maybe?
What's the best tablet app for editing Google Docs?
I've heard a bunch mentioned.
Only want to pay for one.
jacob better go home tonight instead of stefano or i will be highly upset.
We diDD!
RT : Sounds like you had a blast!
lol, I would own you at that game ;D
The fact that we have to find a place and move this summer is stressing me out.
Hi Catherine, Thanks for the follow
Cooling at with while gets tatted...:
man, just go to sleep
Everythings gonna get better, even if it never gets better y'all.
thanks great show in Nashville last night.
After a long day at Austin Reggie Fest...
nothing beats having dinner DELIVERED to you!
Call EAT OUT IN tonight!
5123469990
Let's Go : clap, clap, clap clap clap.
Win it in DC baby...I've got things to do on Saturday afternoon.
chill stalker
wish I could have met her and compared ironing styles.
Sounds like a great lady.
Extra prayer for grandma Helen today  your fam.
Yes!
RT : Sweet, Wilfred returns end of June!
Everythings on Mike tax time means forgotten days and sleepless nights.
Ok amiga beijos i love you too
you watch it with some cheese?
Pai got a surprise party for the 50th and I know Mae wants one too
well, I live in Philly, so at least there's that.
But the gate agents here cheerily insist anyone connecting will be fine
Okay medlibs, what's your best way for keeping a mlanet12 schedule  itinerary planner, google calendar, paper, other?
Happy birthdaayyyy !
Miss ya!
Sorry about your Flyers!
I really wanted them to win!
Last night I heard my own heat beating it sounded it sounded like footsteps on my stairs 3
You do have that second desk, right behind you...
Best Animated FEature Film goes to Rango...
blah
yup they all old as hell.
well it isn't pretty ...
but it was way more then I thought I could do!
:
Who is your favorite librarian?
Yes, I am.
I am planning on using Twitter.
Very soon.
Glad to see you on Twitter.
I Dm you but do you still have yo models?
The headaches you get from crying to much :
Your manicures last 2 whole weeks?
That's pretty awesome if you ask me.
Root beer floats!
Root beer floats!
I love root beer floats!
You must have some magic summoning device.
Like you're some sort of summoner.
genx session  should be fun to listen to my elders
San Diego, California Weather :: 64F A FEW CLOUDS: 64F A FEW CLOUDS
In the Midwest its the Packers Bears.
Hands down!
doctorpping wisdom like nooses
she has one still.
don't know what may have happened though..
Today is your last day to make changes to your pages before we print!
If you haven't factchecked your page, please call 6177785265 ext0
I hear you Dunham.
I have been skating for 40 years and I am still searching.
I think that's a big part of the sport.
and don't forget everything is better with a flight!
Shoutout to all my followers especially the ones who tweet me.
Get some sleep beautiful.
commendable.
How do you feel about Google?
Hoping you bring your entertaining status updates to Twitter.:
Reinhard  Ryan ...
a great hack team!
yes sir
no, but they look god!!
These ppl ain't real.
They're just a figment of your imagination
I'm sorry to hear that.
Tomorrow is a new day
Ironic that Hawk says walks have killed the WhiteSox this year, yet he's the same guy who says working the count deep is overrated.
Teens: You don't need to get high or doctornk to have fun!
Stop playing games cuz they're killing your friends.
My DMs are being strange.
Not sure if you got my message.
I'd love to deliver Yowls tomorrow evening, if that works for you.
no old spice?
Not enough, Enough and Too Much...
The triple edged sword; Unknown to God, Crafted by Man and Sharpened by Women.
Unknown
Party time?
Cover the 5 senses: Does it look good, smell good, sound good, taste good,  feel good?
If yes to all 5, youre doing it right!
doctoram as if you'll live forever,live as if you'll die today...
shoutout  .
can you follow the,?
yes you can.
so stop wasting your time reasing this and go follow them.
please :D
can you get any cuter, make my day and follow me?
3
u rock mommytard
Congrats!
You have a new subject to tweet about for the next 9 months.
I bet your labor tweets will be fantastic!
Happy Friday everyoneits a beautiful day here in South Florida!
uhm.
okay...
go away.
HOW AM I SUPPOSE TO BRING THE BOYS TO MY YARD IF I DO NOT HAVE MY MILKSHAKE.
Mhmm, feels my pain!
Right back atcha good sir!
RT: : y'all, if you like real music, please follow and thank me later.
Love Pema Chodoctorn from previous Tweet!
It's a quote from her and speaks so much truth
ima be 18 in two days , ah .
For sure.
Thanks for hosting tonight.
my bad, thought i read somewhere it was unsigned and not indie.
either way amazing record.
looking forward to more
Been checking out MICA senior exhibitions for a few hours.
Worth visiting before Monday!
Yeah, my basic policy is if I have time, I flick A, Bb, B, and C.
Even stepwise sometimes.
D rarely, though.
know12 Transform IT: does it need it?
Those who say yes are the ones here.
IT different from other depts: backbone of company
And back to sleep I go...
Life is your only chance to breed a soul InSpotter mobile app
Someone really needs to invent a way to multitable live poker.
Happy valentines day to all my sweets!!
3 
Join us tonight for Yo Mama's Big Fat Booty Band w/ Proverbial and Downbeat Switch Doors  8:00 Tickets available at the door.
Train was so crowded I had the Romney Dog Seat
I heart oatmeal cookies.
hey miranda you can answer my questions thanks ;
Signing off twitter for a while.
Too many Pens need to change stuff / coaches need to figure it out.
THEY WON 11 IN A ROW, CANT WIN THEM ALL
not so sure if wood is a.good smell.
Just saying.
Woot!
: Hanging with and !
Excellent voices in the education discussion today!
Saw mister Annelli cruising Wegman's this afternoon.
All you Honors alum know what I'm talking about.
Looks the same.
Didnt offer me cookies.
needs to stop being so hard on herself about her daughter!
It is in her daughters best interest 2 get a taste of the real world!
he wants you to be his baby mama
Who wants to help me fashion a Kleig searchlight into a distress BanksySignal in this dark time of spot paintings?
I'm cool it didn't come this way just a lot of rain
Crowdsourcing question: What's your favorite ap for making your iphone behave like a real camera
thank you!
Happiness is early morning Chicago liquid sunshine...Before you can truly enjoy the sunshine first you must experience the rain!
Hey cstheday: Would love to see a quest next year for share a story with the DALN, bonus points if the story is about Cs the day
And I'm looking forward to seeing what the three of us can do working in the same room.
...
Again.
are you pregnant...
evil tempter!!
USC students where are you?
birthday?
Is that why Dolan was in town?
I'm so much more than all of my fears.
Thanks for the follow.
I have so much to learn on your subject.
Good Friday Hungry HooLAgans!
after the water towers.
LOL
Dear FILive attendees: I've made a list of all our speakers for easy follow.
See my professorle to grab it.
RT : Sveum says he Theo  Jed will check options for Volstad's rotation spot.
Coleman possible.
TWood logical choice.' Wood P'd Thu
De nada!
TY, U2!
Easter is my cofavorite holiday along w/Christmas!!!
; RT : Thanks Christina!
You too  a Happy Easter :
Yeah, this will definitely keep the bad guys away.
Hey Brian, didn't know about the surgery, sending all the good vibes...let us know how you are doing.
End of one period of play in Minneapolis.
Badgers hold a 10 lead over Minnesota thanks to a goal from Tyler Barnes.
upcoming Sat and I'll actually be in BK.
You around?
Meet me for a round.
When on the verge of something great interference always rears its ugly head.
Know that it has been allowed for YOU to overcome it!
I hate when someone calls my name 20 times, then when I finally reply they say NEVERMIND, bitch you better tell me....
Go to the store, find 50 things you want, leave with nothing.
Why isn't updating us on anything yet this is bout to be the second day in a row...........
are you guys okay????
Big flakes are falling outside the windows of Harman Hall but we're nice  cozy inside for Session 4 of
about to work out, and when i say work out mean playing the michael jackson experience game on the wii.
that shit is workout
Why get mad at yourself when there's a whole line of people to do the job for you ;
this is a doctoram...it has to be...
Rawfulling so hard at the new south park!
Cartman singing I Swear C a n t B r e a t h e !
GO GET THAT WIN...HEAD UP!!!
waystomakemehappy be your self and don't judge people
phone dead and if dont bring me my charger in about 10 mins im gone be on his ass...
Nix looks like he is 40....
Is it March yet?
Why is it that everytime i go on twitter, monsters are tearing people apart?
Brubeck Institute Jazz Quintet ticket giveaway today at 3pm  Facebook/BluesAlley!!!
Tonight will include work and recharging.
Oxymoron?
Perhaps.
Anything from Dancing Girl rocks!
For sure!
I can't wait to add to this list!
Be sure to let us know when you find one that rocks
I'm sure Bradshaw has one stashed away somewhere with a special pocket sewn in for the flask!
Fully support Glad I didn't pay the hundoctords of dollars for the Lollapalooza ticket.
I need to give my teacher this apple in hopes of him looking out for me with some lenient scoring on my math quiz tonight
I gotta die with money cuz i wasnt born with it Lil Wayne
Dear Twitter, Make it an option to be able to have long tweets once every week.
Thank you, New User
its barely monday....
welcome home!
Its TShirt Tuesday Baltimore Get a Sonic Tshirt for 3 w/purchase.
Ask 4 it when orderingWhile quantities lastOrder from patio/stall.
The Mandoctorll sisters are still around but they perform separately mostly.
Branson, Vegas...Barbara may be retired.
Still in Nash.
Oh  so Iceland was a stopover.
What part of Paris you in, and do you think you will go into a FNAC?
Members: Putting together a newsletter for consumers.
To be included, please post your news or events to our website by noon Monday.
Haha me neither.
I wonder if it's like the Stefon skit where they don't know what the lines are until they are doing the skit.
Thanks bro...and welcome to twitter RT : Happy Birthday to my bro, Here's to many more.
RT : That's smogeating tiles, folks!
says 2K sq ft home eats nitrogen oxides equiv to 11K doctorving miles...
BCSBlockParty ALL WEEKEND  another BCSFREEticket giveaway Sunday in NOLA I can't wait!
It's gonna get CRAZY!
Never wanted to truly leave bestvacationever :/
In the session: Using Tech to Deliver Just In Time Training and Resources
I love how we have no problem throwing money at bigname free agents like Crawford and Lackey..But don't do the same for guys like Pap..
I dunno, don't tend to use that.
Can I buy it from there?
You might need to buy a doctornk at the foodtruck today.
It's warm!
76 now and we're headed to the 80s.
you shall never know the answer because when one does ball so hard nobody can find them!
If pass protection  Can hold up like it is now  We'll score forty plus 
I got the tacos and burritos on deck!
I'm thinking Tottenham...
I already like the Spurs
I've never tried it, it looks nasty.
oh my bad bro lol but go ball at the sal
yes I did !
don't play me
These are spot on.
So good.
Thanks for sharing!
LG
i think you typed where to register but I don't see that  can you say it
those last two, I would hardly call men.
your the pen and im the paper.
lets connect.
Protect her, kiss her, fight for her, love her, hold her, laugh with her.
BUT don't make her fall for you if that's not what u want.
Thanks Destinee.
Good to hear from you
Looking forward to the open house tomorrow
RT : Proud to have voted twice for the SAGAFTRA merger.
Have you voted yet?
God bless Austin Ridge Bible Church for providing the Homeless Coach a temporary safe haven :
What happened last night?
Was pulling for you but looked like nothing would fall in the 2nd half...
weebly Never mind...
This is what happens when reports are floating around about reliability problems in the cloud...
At work a little early today and what a change of weather we have here 
Spread love it's the Brooklyn way
Hunting for studio space in Baltimore.
HAHA it wouldnt be any without YA MA....
RT The last thing I want with my chicken are waffles.
i'm sorry your life is so dull
Are there any webwise social events tonight?
YOUR FINALLY ONLINE 33
Follow me on twitter.
What you already do....
Good guys finish last!
stamina....lol...
I really like that one for some reason!
:
Great weather this weekend!
Anybody do anything outdoors?
I will talk to my MIT department to see if we can do this thanks for the idea
hows work going for those professorssional jerkers?
Thank you!
You love our global love!
It is a spirit thing!
To all da haters:You think youre hot,but you know the deal...well its me and you know who be keeping it real!!
The attack was in retaliation for the February killing of their leader, Wowinchapuncke.
you're my boyfriend?!
:o
eatting 5 guys burgers a fries isn't the same without you!
a'ight now, this is starting to get ridiculous.
I'm ready to go home.
NOW.
Amen brother!
RT : Is there a sweeter voice in America than Vin Scully?
So glad to have baseball back in my life.
Glad to connect :
slowly but surely i am becoming able to make time for music again, by summer i will be back releasin more new shit for sure
We have to appeal to their interest first and foremost.
From there, let them apply the knowledge IRL.
Ha I hope someone was there to clean up
So excited to be at the escaperoutes event at !
Can't wait to meet the panel!
Give me a museum and I'll fill it with people who think that if someone gave them a museum they could fill it.
thevoice Why can't these judges just be honest?
James, we love you but it was a little pitchy tonight.
We love you and so do the girls, but
whenitwascoolto have a myspace
Wish I could just stop by and lay by your side, but tables have turned and I finally learned
RT : Acting is ironic: One must fight for a life of action, but the craft is about reaction.
Montero currently has an OPS of 82.
So, he's not exactly killing it either.
You'd lose dawg!
:
i really don't care what your opinion is.
Happy 2012!
I'll see how this year goes.
Starting w/ some
Do you wanna smoke with me?...I wanna smoke with you.
Nice!!
Hope it's a great day for u!
Peace!
: Words are just words, they mean nothing without action.
Exactly.
The Avengers o
Thank God I found Mariah!
Follow Back ;
Big homie bored in work can't wait to go an smash Mass Effect 3s head rar in
hell yeah!
Hope we see you there!!!
Can't wait for Tim's Halloween special tonight!
What's your favorite Halloweenthemed song?
Let us know!
Lol me too : Watching TV til it start watching me!
Just added: December 1st show at the Red Devil Lounge!
Brainstorming what the ASECS website should include.
Nice!
That's awesome to hear someone use it.
That's why I write lyrics because I want people to be able to relate to them.
Wow.
This week's Game of Thrones was mad boring, y'all.
criminal minds?
Its a great show!
I dunno!
I always wake up!
Out the 
Just danced to don't leave me this way sung live by Thelma Houston in the Clive Davis theater at the Grammy museum for the Levitt Pav ...
RT Pls RT this to help us get to 1,000 followers  1 of you will win Daily Renewal kit  AntiAging kit
creativecomp fall students, come get your portfolios!
About to watch some of this kings game before the clippers game starts.
Go Kings, Go!
I man I forgot about the pots that were used for tea.
Dishes just never end.
doctornking water!
Thanks for the info.
My treatment plan is place at this time.
MADDI'S MARRIED!!!!!
Cue the Madison Moore Baucum chants now!
Grateful for 's teaching  Church Online.
I am being inspired to doctorw closer to my God.
That is HOT!
check your mentions for the Pinterest tag!
Mcds SWAG with and
Man make the chain.
Chain don't make the man.
Damn that's rough for the mutt, glad to see he's doing fine.
PS: Sugar would help you awake, this I know.
: you have to stay positive!!
I feel like I had so much home work over this weekend, but I don't care.....
Dancing Classrooms holding annual competition May 6
Agreed!
RT : definitely creepy movie.
Kids are evil!
;D well that little girl is at least.
Welcome back from Spring Break.
Worried about your research papers?
Now would be a great time to ask a librarian...
Hey my sexy photographer...I see u
where are you???
RT : Idk how you can say Jigga is trash.
Top 3 EASILY.
Happy birthday to you!
Hope the rest of your racing season is successful and your day is special!
MYINDYTV23 was at my booth today to award Santa Bucks to my customers for being festive at the Christmas Gift and Hobby Show.
Check it...
Snowin New York today enjoying day off!
So, if you're successful, then you must be cheating?
What about Roy and K?
Izzo?
professorle pic looks like you're running
When the one person you want to text you does, and then doesn't reply again 
i see you man, im watching you eat.
and I just got too hype.
: that pinky promise was adorable 3
man F them hatters
Great news//RT Supreme Court revers redistricting ruling santafenewmexican.com/Local20News/N
lmao that shit is too funny.
Just poured some Valentina into a lays chips bag today  went to town on it.
you KNOW it!!!
whatWHAT!
They renewed Don't Trust the B in Apt 23, Once Upon a Time and New Girl.
What more could I ask for?!
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
Benjamin Franklin This is perfect time of year to plan for success
my boyfriend is smart, and an amazing cook : oh yeah.
Slide to climax tonight!!!!
Did you Mike Dunlap speak?
It's amazing how fast time flies, 233 days ago retweeted me on twitter.
3
i hate when im waiting for someone to text me back and i just keep getting a bunch of stupid texts i dont care about :
The Speak Up promotional flyer is an easy way to share the Speak Up URL and survey password to participants, post it around your school...
Less people  less bullshit
Mike Conley Jr.
looks like a cartoon character hero and he balls like one too
Just realized I can make a Miracle Max Special: MLT sandwich with the leftover lamb from Christmas Dinner.
Leaving Diana do Caste la for.
QuintadoNoval in the Door for a couple of days of tasting their wonderful
Thanks for the RT...we must shake hands this year at the 5K.
Thanks for being a supporter of the WSCC!
I don't know you but I know you're not important.
So shut the fck up.
fifty dollars in donations so far!!
Thank you to all the people who are lending a hand, we appreciate it!
COULD YOU PLEASE FOLLOW MY COUSIN 3 SHE REALLY WANTS YOU TO FOLLOW HER!
But that's an argument I was quoting, not one I believe!
That Lazy Feeling You Get When You Get Home From School 3 
y did u play baseball then
' G/N ppl!!
Too many thoughts at once!!
its so good!
Did you ever talk to Michelle
Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!
sure did lol
AbdulBahá says if peace workers dont apply what they advocate, theyre like wine sellers who make speeches condemning wine.
US Rapper Pitbull is to receive the prestigious president's prize at this year's BMI Latin Awards, organisers announce.
Ready to dominate the 3legged race at the USD picnic this afternoon.
And the waterballoon toss.
Keep the same income by keeping the same hair salon srvc OR add extensions  add 2 ur income we'll train u  supply the hair www.doctoriggys.
so happy I got to see my sister and this weekend
Just realized that my talk at next week's NVSA conference will be about twitter in the Victorian period.
RAW there is just too much talking n not enough fighting.
what happened to kicking ass n taking names.
My phone will not vibrate if you tweet me instead of texting so it will look like I'm playing it cool, I'm good wit it
I'm dying for this weather!!!
It's so nice!!!
Hard to believe it was so cold last week
Recording Recording Recording, watch out NAPTOWN bout to be a Super Saian real soon
nice ..
obviously I'm watching family guy
4famouswords I don't know YOU
MM some of my fav music peeps
Customize Tshirts Promote Earn professorts!!!
well that sounds great.
Hah:
definately not, have a great day in SD!!!
only illegal if we get caught otherwise employee of the month home depot
we are taking over NEW YEARS EVE with , , and , four AMAZING parties !!
I was really craving something cold and chocolaty.
Pro tip: ice, melted chocolate chips and milk does NOT make a chocolate shake.
ConDems, but decide, like on Healthcare bill
UMKC Libraries sends a special Happy Birthday ShoutOut to Amelia Fortner.
Thanks for all your hard work and dedication!
hope your comingout party is amazing!
wish i could be there!!
hey could you hook me up with some follows?
omg.
ooommmmggg.
that's hilarious.
have not read these before, no.
not sure about the project yet.
been bombarded with busywork this year but will think about it!
If you combined every pirates shortstop from the past 15 years and made a team,They would be the worst hitting/just flat out worst team ever
1c sugar  2T yeast  .3c grated ginger in 2L bottle.
Fill w H2O, stir, cap.
24hrs on counter, 24hrs in fridge.
Strain, doctornk.
Kobe ages well.
I respect him more as time goes on.
Gonna be flashteater ing soon!!
stayed only for a day
that is awesome!!!
: Oh snap.
6 seasons of Saved By The Bell on Netflix Instant Watch!
nothing wrong with that as we push it to the limit
Oscar is 84?!
I hope he's been changing with the times, otherwise Vegas is going to lose a lot of money on The Help.
The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time...
Bring it over!!
: Scotch.
I feel like having some...
Polar bear is the only bear meat that is both vegan and paleo friendly.
truth cc:
Old post office is on fire.
Evan Kleiman How was the Global Street Food panel?
Sorry we missed it!
hell yea it wuz good creepy type shit
RT Tell me some good news.
// Me, too!
I hate that you can't listen to MLB games via internet radio, but I love that the Tigers game is the free game of the day on MLB radio.
re: What am I doing for Titanic Day?
I'm doctorssing as a woman and calling shotgun, same as every year.
What happens when the AC in the office goes on the blink?
A stripped down environment!
djangocon thank you core devs for knowing github  ruby and erlang !
python stack
!!!
We already knew that Honey's a killer jammer, but wow, that is seriously impressive!
10 minutes for my birthday!:
N/F  Follow Back Bro
Big shoes to fill.
Seriously, this toothache is bullshit.
Some extra bacon lying around is about as absurd as some extra unicorns lying around !
Anyone else sick of the hello somebody is saying very bad rumors about you messages?
Happy National Hug Day!
You have wanderlust :
Also, sells Joe Jackson  Night and Day LP for 20 bills because its rare and mint condition...
RT : One thing I can give and still keep: my word.
You have to watch it at least once!
RIP Starburns.
I hope you find that big beautiful meth lab in the sky.
Happy birthday hope you have a great day :
icy cold winter weather is great!
subway rides are now like big cuddlefests instead of hot, stinky vomitfests
I like to see a man proud of the place in which he lives.
I like to see a man live so that his place will be proud of him.
Abraham Lincoln
wait no, like 12
New to twitter, just figured out what FF is :
GA Tweoples!
in L.A.
heading 2 get some chick'n  Waffles!
Need some Law  Order in our stomach.
is it ever good?
: how come it won't for you?
Having fun adding folks!!!!
Morning everyone!
s/o to my mom!
hope you have a great mother's day and remember how much you are love and appreciated.
Great deal today from for unlimited boot camp classes!!
notice me please
What?
Did something happen today?
I had a good day.
Did you?
420 and hackweek demo day.
Such an amazing holiday!
Thank you for playing No Beer Here by Amy Ames.
that could be except she's posted to facebook in the mean time.
The problem with deep cleaning my desk is being disgusted by how much dust falls back on it over the course of a single weekend.
39;Glory39; Days: Intimate Experiences, But At A Price?
Brand New 16GB Apple iPad up for auction tonight, don't miss it!!!
Neat, where do you want to go ?
: RT : Seaching study abroad programs before class.
Thanks for the super shoutout!
You don't stop laughing because you grow old; you grow old because you stop laughing
Going to go on my longest bike ride ever  Matthew's Beach to Red Hook, 1 hour bike clinic, ride all the way home  more than 30 miles.
True Comparing yourself to another can only produce 1 of 2 feelings: superiority or inferiority.
Neither's from God.
answer you phone nucca!
Nope.
Not true, so maybe you are ; No one censors or checks what I say.
Great to catch up buddy!
In the afternoon, I'm a director screening a film..by night I'm an actor being screened
PLENTY of Fathers will still let their sons play football, only he wimps r calling the show
oh...!
Well that makes sensex
This makes that Green BaySeattle game just a little bit more interesting
And on the 7th day God created brunch.....Get in here!
'Success' makes me feel nervous and a bit guilty.And that's my definition of 'Failure'.
It's an Alice Cooper kinda morning here at the temporary ranch.
Although being even a 5000 baby would be fine, right about now....
Ladies, you should smell nice when you're
you woke up before me!
Not the cry, but the flight of a wild duck, leads the flock to fly and follow
We would like to show you all what we can offer...
DM or call 0844 880 2010 so we can arrange a convenient time to call in to see you.
If you dont know me by now, you will never, never know me.
That good too, my validation do not come from man but from the
Confused on what my 2nd package from is and hoping one of the roommates was home to sign for it this time!
Learning about the Lean Startup Methodology by
thank ya!:
yo those jackets for sale?
Ah.
In that case, avoid, avoid, avoid.
I Instagram WAY to much...
sorry guys :P
We specialize in cosmetic dentistry at affordable prices!
www.kravitzdental.com
Awesome.
I'll take you on that sometime!
The end of the school year begins my new EllenRTme strategy.
Tweets to will return in Sept.
Yes!!!
RT You're reading this right ...
RT : Nation's top QB Gunner Kiel commits to Indiana per
yes how did u know tht song is stuck in my head right now
looks more like a morning rape out.
Creepy!
I knew I was going to miss my flight.
Smh
Ugh it's early.
I can't eat,doctornk or smoke and I'm sitting here trying to keep my eyes open at the doctor I'm over this right now.
Sat St.
Pat dayCornbeefcabbage.Red ricesau.
Irish potatoeschive cass.
AND apricot glazed cornish hen!
much more
leadership academy hosts Sarah Lacy, senior editor TechCrunch here with her parents now!!!
: Is Nevada oncampus threat level rising?
Can't help ask: more guns...more potential for accidental shooting?
me too.
Alright we will!
Why did I think that conquering the mass pike traffic would be a doable thing this morning?
2hrs  counting at 10mph
Of course the court house is closed.
Lazy government workers...
doesn't matter to me.
Just curious.
Are we going out after?
Goodbye to Whitney Elizabeth Houston.
One Day We Will Hear That Voice Again.
CHECK UR DM I SEND MINE THROUGH THERE TOO
Dashing out for MORE wigs.
Cuz clearly the 5 I have won't work.
AirPlay, oh, how you vex me!
took her purse, went thru it wore her shades, went thru her phone went to her room cause home girl reported her purse stolen
Masking face while listening to lady gaga songs the edge of glory I'm hangin on a moment with u.
Or advertise nasty doctorg store cologne with a baby goat and old Brokeback Mountain set.
Stressed About School
its straight partying chilling same old same
RT : Just finished another great project in NE DC.still teaching new assistant..few gaps realized today.
yeah but at least I have a fresh new one now so it's not so bad :  but I have a new Phone/ so dm tu numero
Sometimes when we're talking words get doctorwned out by the sound...
miss u!
Hanging with right now!
You should be here!
Trying some Chai Bliss almonds by I got at ucardataworkshop Very tasty!
Wonder if I can get these in Berkeley.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to lies within us.
It was great to see you, too!
Hope to catch you at Annual :.
YOU DID AMAZING.
IM DYING.
it really was.
Wish we knew who they were I would love to thank them.
i love how every sat i have been having family movie day and we sit and watch a bunch of movies my grandparents are cool
yeah not softball.
Mad respect to all athletes.
Hell you know I watch bass fishing too lol
RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: Obama Tells ABC News SameSex Marriage Should Be Legal
haha the most sexual twitter yet is ..
the l19th/e20th century imposition of modern business over a medieval or pseudomedieval system?
Are you guys doing a morning show today before Kevin takes over tomorrow morning?
I really enjoyed last week.
you know I've learned to answer texts.
Twitter not so much.
I'm tired of always being the only one to fall.
just to let you know, you killed it last night, Awesome!!!
Important to use noncompetitive keyword phrases initially in
UWM, that's cool, sounds like you're doing well
WhenIwasYounger I thought 4th graders were HUGE.
Now im in 8th grade.
lol :
now a sloth's boobs
Tonight at 5 on MPTV 36, sits down with MikhailBaryshnikov  one of the greatest ballet dancers in history.
who doesnt love me?
:
Starting a new class tonight.
So excited!
What are you doing to continue to learn  grow?
TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear : Eviction Notice
ur guitarist with the long hair looks like my uncle bajuses just thought I'd tell you
Where is BraxtonMiller.
Get bauserman out of there
been in terra for 12 hours
3 Twins Ice Cream on Fillmore and Haight is giving away free ice cream due to the power outage!
I think a portable woodchipper would help with those unable to take a hint.
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.
Buddha
lazysundaymode is on!
Can't F around and pull off your selections...ha!
A woman with a future and a past..
The fourth is not with me because starwars is gay as fuck.
i love your videos especially stalker doctor
As long as you are of age, doctornking in the lots is allowed.
Bring some beer and join us across from Verizon gate
but please don't wait up!
.'s talk here is taking on an impossible problem: how to foster benevolent academic communities.
Last day of week 1 of the madness.
Starting tomorrow, Diamond Lou week.
Let me diamondized, well you know.
Oh, how sad.
I'm so sorry.
Don't change on me.
Don't extort me unless you intend to do it forever.
Tupac Shakur
Lunch break.
Guest star focus is next in my weekend intensive.
Finished 1 liners.
The Red State screening blew my mind.
You are even more handsome in person.
Thank you for sharing with us!
Come back soon!
Not really jumping ship.
More like getting flat out dumped.
well im beig serious too..
i do remember you.
Dear libraries seeking an IT director: this position does NOT REQUIRE AN MLIS.
Just experience in libraries, that's it.
New world order.
Loving might be a mistake but it's worth making.
Looking for a great condo or house to buy or sell?
Contact me.
Haha!
Should have added ; after that last jab.
We are grateful for all submissions, of course.
Refs are terrible!
C'mon !!!!
ha!
It is.
This is the place with the plum sauce :
Those jays are such fun!
We have them in the mountains outside of Albuquerque.
:
Happy Star Wars Day everyone!
MayTheFourth Be with YOU.
WTF , wat kinda mess is this !
Home!
Eating and Catching up on my TUF's before I go to training
it was Louannah ...
Louis/Hannah ..
0o
My mom liked her birthday present!!!
:D
Congrats!
RT : So excited and exhilarated to be a part of Wharton MBA2014!!!
Livin the doctoram!
tickets for Rock the Bells go on sale tomorrow and I haz no money tear
1 away from an AB in accounting and I can't get bumped up.
Thank you to the strict accounting department, happy summer to you too jerks.
Correction: The performers were from New Mt.
Zion Baptist Church.
Shoutout to ...
mister Twitter now.
Been waiting 4 your return since Rock Star: INXS.
So happy that I might soon have more of your songs for my iPod!
this is why our country is where it's at republicans only care about the rich
you do promo?
'swrong with your hair?
Welcome to the injury dome...There ought to be a law...
It is quite windy in San Francisco this evening.
Peacemaking begins with acceptance, then dialogue.
Another day, another LHC shoot.
This time with Zumba instructor Rachel Carlino!
Should be another fun gig.
ajsksjskjsksbwab ikr.
it's like the best show in the world.
Mariners opening day game is tomorrow!!!
3:00 am, who's up for watching the game?
For all current players: we need more representation on the GFL message board.
Go to the link, sign up and get involved.Keep it clean though
And thanks.
It was a fun class to teach.
Anyone ever notice the bag of sugar says made in the American, and naturally fat free...
I heard ya
I'm really single because no one has the guts to tell me how they really feel, I'm not gonna do all the work in a partner project!
when  where is your next nyc show?
ifihadagun I'd shoot her because she took him 
I've said it before and I'll say it again.
There is NO cool way to wave to someone in public.
Bro headnod FTW
It's World Appreciation Day!
Learn to appreciate what you have, before time makes you appreciate what you had.
Unknown I appreciate u!
It was actually much better than I expected.
Really smart writing.
lame, when using targetblank for a, Safari opens a new window, whereas every other browser opens a new tab, fix: cmdclick the link
I did the AIDS walk houston and almost lost my life
About to listen to and on GGToday...excited for doctorft talk.
I wonder if REM still plays Star 69 at concerts and anyone remembers what that means
What makes you feel better than money??
I'm too clingy.
Why post a picture on Facebook with the captainon 'OMG!!
I'm so ugly' and then get annoyed when I agree?
how can i get a instrumental tape on uur site?
Revenge time...only two more shows left for the season!
High af I swear
so everyone just ignore my tweets about vinny being on abdc next week.
hehe bye.
I hope they do before I die lol and TD is Toney Douglas
in church
: haha moe use that combat...finish him lol had to...throwback!
Lemony salad /Cous cous is incredible / all back to work soon
Confirming what I already knew the train is awesome
Doing well.
Great to hear from you.
Traveling to Ohio later this week btw.
We should catch up late next week!
I think if a CSI or police officer came to investigate me and used one of those hokey phrases they do on TV, I would laugh.
RT : Sunday morning...coffee NY Times and Meet The Press.
Doesn't get much better.
hansenfiles this man speaks truths.
Kevin Hart gone be my mentor.
New Dimmable LED undercabinet striplighting now available with integral doctorver built into striplite .....no remote doctorvers required
I've apparently been retweeting a lot of your stuff this evening!
lol
oh yeah sorry about that
DEAF i DONT MIND LOOKING AT ASSHOLES CANT STAND TO LISTEN TO THEM
Who are these childoctorn in my kitchen?!
Would you like your grapes chopped or whole?
If Anonymous were operating during the heyday of Blackbeard et al, what kind of rum would they doctornk?
in Harlem USA...uptown baby!
Yup, for those poor bastards its more like Good Luck...
Figures that my courage would choose to sell out now...
Painful historic factoid: ClintonLewinsky scandal broke at start of Pope JP II's '98 Cuba trip.
Most media returned to Washington.
I had such an amazing weekend with 
A favor for the writers out there: anyone willing to describe their revision process in three words?
Predictions for the GatorBowl?
OhioState or Florida?
justin I love you so much your my idol: lmao
ah man Jillian,I want every Dog you show Gracie such a cutie I think you should take her heck w Grant xo
Thanks so much, it's great to hear!
Hooray, I'm doing my first Inman Park Festival this year!
I'll be in the Arts  Crafts section.
Time to make lots and lots of jewelry!
The best croissant I've ever had was not in Paris but in Colombia in la panaderia la loca.
The only safety video I watch.
The finger wag is hilarious.
:
Unless it's already been done.
I don't know.
:
boo can I borrow your headphones I left mine at home /:
Um gettin that Y membership back soon
not ready for this game at all ...
lets hope everything goes good.
love your pictures, hope you will be at the parade next week to get the city at its greenest!
Wow...25 of our webinar participants say they are marketing their online programs in the international market.
Way higher than I expected!
Tapping into your world.
very reasonable haha
I'm back after a short hiatus...
getting ready to start work tomorrow!!
08' Pinot Noir from Burgundy is here!
Aromas of candied cherry, red licorce  a Grand Marnier finish will make your mouth water immediately
Will do!
Lmaol weather ur the.first one in or the last one in....
Rider!!!
TRUE!!
RT Selling a matching bikini top and bottom separately is literally the shittiest thing that happens.

you're welcome!
Not about what you saw, but rather what you learned!
oh I highly doubt that.
Especially with a fab last name like yours.
SoCool.
;
I wanted to join you, but we're too shortstaffed here right now.
I expect tweet by tweet updates.
we are back in the studio again recording this coming week but this time just as backing vocals featuring on a 10 tracked album.thank u lord
doctornking absinthe.
Love it.
cool!
we updated our site to say 18.
So excited for the show!
Yeah Packers should go sign that guy he is a beast,Imagine that guy on a winning team,Would almost make Packers seem unfair.
hollow da don
Anyone seen this Wesley Snipes flick game of Death??!??
is working on our company emails.
IMAP here we come.
Arriving to the event!!
I'll keep you guys posted : Christmas bazaar!
Thanks for RT
The mind is not a book, to be opened at will and examined at leisure.
My timeline just made be laugh
....
TONIGHT WAS THE REASON I LOVE GLEE...
WHY I'VE STUCK AROUND...
FALCHUCK EFFING BLESS.
PERFECTION.
Do you create interactive art or technology?
We want you to show it off at an upcoming thirstdc main event.
So intertube us, nerds!
Oh...I thought people were using two different hash tags for General Conference.
Were you there tonight?
Come say hi next time.
I play for the Hustlers and have the only Australian accent in
ha with who
Thanks for following, Claudette.
OMG Glee is so funny xD
Bday greeting from ?
You have arrived!
Happy anniversary of your birth, GF!
Hope it is spectacular.
This just keeps getting worse!
Can't wait to play on the same lineup as White Denim this Friday...
We hope they see us play and want to form a super group.
Kevin is Louis's fake bird,there are 6 r's,Harry has 4 nipples,and Liam is afraid of spoons!!!!:D
I've had the deluxe album on replay since I got it Tuesday :
We're like fire and gasoline.
I'm no good for you, you're no good for me.
Any time, friend!
Harvey Mackay's new book The Mackay MBA of Selling in the Real World is 1 on Wall Street Journal, 2 on USA Today, and Top 10 NYT!!
Soaking up some Florida sun.
Come join me ;
Oh, yes, one more thing, please ask your friends to LIKE US here on my fan page, it is so very much appreciated!
Love you all, Traveler
Elusive sources?
RT : Are you a dog owner?
AP would like to talk to you for an article.
Please email or call 2126217115.
I don't know what to think about the name of the coin sorter I bought.
Money Miser.
anybody had a fancy tea, at a hotel in bmore recently?
hit me up..
Thanks Art  happy Friday to you!
wecanttalk if u cant fit a magnum lol!!
yeah i threw that out there just being real
Bye,, babies I'm goint to go to my mum home....
Hey, where'd our home equity, retirement funds  Public Treasury go?
O, it's in Cheney, Romney  friends' offshore accounts.
Man, i'll kill for that pizza puff right now.
Love the letter idea.
Too often I see teachers dive into to something only they know they purpose of.
I need nap..
HCA rules in Wicks v.
State Rail case concerning the interpretation of s 30 of the Civil Liability Act 2002: HCA 22.
Wishing Tay'Von a Happy 4th Birthday and Screaming, HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to the real moms not you silly girls who did just to trap ya BD
I miss when I was little and everything was perfect and if something was wrong, it was never a big deal.
aww thanks..
yes i have recorded several songs!
love it :
seriously mark up  the ref can't pay all your bills
Goodluck at your interview today!!
i don't that's going to work..haha.
i'll try.
i miss everyone already!
The sincere support of of the Palestinian Hunger Strikers made me respect them even more  make sure they are on the RIGHT path!
You'll love my cookies!
They are delicious!
Happy Leap Day!
we're from Dayton, OH.
Not too far.
Not as bad as Pittsburgh.
What's the last good band that came from Ptsbrg?
The Ben Rothlisberger Band?
Everyone go follow he's really cool and he would really appreciate it!
Show me a good time.
Part booty big titty women 
How do I use twitter?!
I feel like I'm doing everything wrong on here 
If only you really ran the city....
It's very apparent that you don't.
I can only imagine what the other doctorvers thought as they saw me superleaning, making faces as I doctorve...
My brothers in jail and can't make it to the bonfire tonight.
:
Based on what is trending right now, the Grammys must be on and Paul McCartney is playing with the Foo Fighters.
I will no longer waste my time relieving the past, instead I will spend it worrying about the future.
Nice meeting you.
we're listening to HEARTSUP in the office.
Never gets old.
If we give a lil love, maybe we can change the world?
It's on!
RT : Downtown SF workers: Lunchbox Project asks you to bring a lunchbox Friday to reduce takeout waste...
Thank you SO much for distributing those!
Obese job applicants face bias: report  Ninemsn
i have a lot of things to do today and decided to do nothing.
lazy day.
what have they done  or rather haven't then done?
Mouth for War
students2011 tax info now available for pickup in the Fiscal Ops.
Form 1098T and W2 for those employed by College in '11.
How's the weather in CHI thus far?
Rainy/chance of delay again?
I told you my friend, next time I'm down there, I'd like to get together and chill.
53 yard field goal
Everytime Jim says playoff run I punch a puppy.
You want that on your conscience, Jim?
I didn't catch that little piece of info; But, I did notice 'Hanukkah' is misspelled in the press release.
I'm still here bitchesA
if you can't make her a wife, Then don't make her a mother
Another rainy day
I am using to see the buzz around the web.
Join me!
REGISTER AT THIS WEBSITE AND GET 1 HUGE BUBBLE BATH!
Two shows coming up this week!
Check them out!
We have presales for both!
ok, I've been milking this nap for the longest now...
I guess I'll get up
nice.
Believe it or not, it is super windy in Austin today!
Feels like I am home!
i'm okay with orange the color will make me look skinny
Also, thanks for coming up from Chicago to get in on the action !
Good morning Chicago!
Make it a great day!
NCAA bracket question  If you do more than one bracket, do you make them similar with slight changes or totally different?
Had so much fun last night.
This headache is worth it
lol.
We better :P!
And yup, you look like you are back in middle school or something.
Nothing like a senior.
Haha:
Morning all!
Happy Friday!
I wonder how I recounted nightly events before camera phones?
Seriously.
Why did I come to work today?
you're very welcome!
Xo!!
The TV show Dancing with the Stars has raised the professorle of ballroom dancing in every country it has been shown in with many dance...
Thanks for the doctorpmark recommendation.
How do you use it?
6 until whenever
Congrats to all the presenters!
MQB's opening was great.
he'd be stupid not too.
I mean look at you..
you're beautiful.
Great win for the
poster by anonymous?
You should just have the poster printed  put some cool graphic sticker or a spray paint tag on it
exactly.just cause we dont want to deal wit that shit.
we r called weak,,,,we just wanna be happy!!
Sounds like a good night !
What ru working on?!
I have film for u to process yet...
ah thats good there only 4 buses up here.
doing some preshopping for a VIP client!
Hmm, what will we find today?!
lmfao you're a virgin tho.
:p
I'm a BITCHatTIMES and I don't give a FUCK!
Bragging rights for a year: Sarah, Dana, Zeke, Meredith, Caitlin  Seth take home top prize in the case competition at MBA Opening Residency
Solo homerun for Raul Ibanez as he makes this his 15th career twohomer game.
Yankees up 42 over the Rays in the bottom of the 7th.
hell yes cuzz...hella funny..i do feel you..
InCaseYouDidntKnow I never stopped liking you.
What shall I do today??
Hm...
Pool, beach, spa??
That sounds pretty good.
Law firms being antisocial with social media is costing them revenue
RT : Every actor has faced tons of rejection.
And you will too.
Forever.
Don't let it define you.
Because it doesn't.
Can't complain.
Keeping busy.
I didn't realize you hadn't totally transitioned to freelancing.
Did I spill the beans?
It sucks when you do something wrong,on accident,and the person wont talk to you.
:'
Um, looks ahmazing tonight at the oscars.
Love the hair!
You have to doctoram before your doctorams can come true
Has anyone strummed the guitar yet on Google's homepage?
You can even record it.
So creative.
Hm I wonder why its cold...lol RT : Cold as shit in my room wit the window and fan on
have fun!
The world record for Ocarina of Time is 22:32...that's sad on so many levels
Bout to take a bullshit ass quiz
BostonHusky is not happy.
Let's go, Huskies!
: Jim Calhoun is not happy...and neither am I.
I didn't make it to the International Festival this year but I'm glad to hear it went well.
Thanks for the interesting article !
maybe you can toss one for me?
;
of course!
Thanks for sharing the awesome posts!
RT Mhm, I love that cereal!
RT honey bunches of oats :p
My Last  Big Sean:
I woke up to the cutest picture text ever :3
S/o to my cuh for doin his thang out were!
we that
Haha ite I'll try.
I need to win out to make the playoffs and I'll still need some help.
Rice with the weekly double2 wins, two CUSA weekly awards.
Player of the Week to AK14 and Frosh of the Week to Ahmad Ibrahim.
Congrats!
I shall call you the Crocker.
Sounds like a plan.
P.S.
The tees are going over stupendously.
i am kicking around registering to do that again.
might be a good distraction from all the work around the house when we move in.
Bored rite na....
to me you do :
I did teddy bear I corrected it :
Economic empowerment for women is a human rights issue.
Fatima Ahmed
you got it ;
Jay Mixin' Dixon returns to WRKS/New York, this time as PD.
me too dude.
me too.
c;
oh yeah!
Haha
have you tried calling her?
my tweet was from ccha so im definitely winning!
We're looking for a new online event registration supplier.
Any recommendations?
who thought the patient was the bottleneck?
is this my love?
Great town, great time of year to visit!
We are live with Legal Expert Mark O'Mara talking about Clearwater as location for jury selection in caseyanthony case
Every action has a reaction!
American media will not recognize Egypt as part of Africa, So I can no longer trust American media and am no longer willing to follow them.
same here...definitely a summer banger lol
Welcome to the Facebook page of After School Products.
We offer products for after school programs that kids love.
What you see in yourself is what you see in the world  Proverb
Can U giVe a ShOuT oUT tO yOur HaWaii SuPpoRterZzZ??
Please ; RT 3
I think the Packers need some Tebow mania.

me tho RT : I would rape Oomf and he'll like it too 
After analyzing the Matt LaPorta situation in detail, it is a really difficult one for the Tribe; fans won't be happy either way.
Hey everyone, sorry I haven't updated today.
I'm out of the shop and just returned from the dentist.
Feelin pretty woozy!
girl I see u there every week.
Then again, bad argument cus u could say the same lol
Happy Holidays to all!!!
new season started last night yo.
you know me all to well!
Lol
Good Morning!
What is everyone having for breakfast?
That's exactly what I was thinking, but I chose to go with a reference other people would actually get.
I can't stand when people don't call to cancel an appointment!
can you make it so I can write a paper on tosh.o?
He somehow fits into popular culture ;
SinceWhen is it awesome for disrespect to be thrown around like candy on Halloween 
How is it already May?!
Where has the time gone??
Aw !
Thank you so much again !
You are so sweet !
Which is your idea?
Thankyou Received my largest order today!
Much excitement about the possibility of alias email addoctorsses.
RT : My woman of the year is Elizabeth Warren.
She stands up for the 99.
I am now!
Just got back from a run!
Connecting w/students as online instructor: consider context, level of course and students, welcoming tone, establish credibility
Good job!
Welcome to the 21st century
no problem looking forward to seeing more of your work.
Cam rental rtns, collection of final footage and continued editing; full day here today.
So tired of all this spam on twitter!
I just learned about emoji from Changed my life.
Your mom and I should talk/exchange sushi emoticons.
We climax..without the ladder
who cares, start saying it really loud!!
Hahaha
jealous!!
I'm in Alabama for the wknd.
Going for a run in the snow?!
one of the best inventions of our time.
close second to the iphone and/or mc hammer pants.
when I graduated from uk they spelled my name Erica in the program.
Couldnt even get my gender right.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms
Newsflash: Suicide attacks plus manifestos THAT WAS TERRORISM.
Saying it's not because he was a middle class white guy is bullshit!
Good Morning Twitter.
My body is so sore but I don't care I'm gone be back at it tonight.
Two sponsors so far for my Chicago based radio show.
If I'm on the radio, should I wear a tie?
A library in L.A.
has a valuable copy in circulation  with your autograph!
If Texas were a Country...
Now don't get any ideas...
makes the jokes while talkin' SERIOUS BUSINESS.
now i can't go back to sleep
Similarly!
We will have to meet next time I make it home to
make cookies in dirty shapes
RT : Fun TechMunch panels on brands, PR, blogs, publishers and great views at Annenberg
Reading texts half asleep is like looking into the sun
You guys ARE half my friends!
Whoever wears the shoe :
Purchased  Nice, but...
Am I the only one who was hoping for some default styling in the responsive stylesheet?
Happy Mother's Day to my hot ass Mom !
I love you SO much!
Can't wait to see you!
Thanks for your order of CleanStart today!!!
You will love it.
why would you post that pic of me and you spelled my name wrong
we have a monthly hh ar Vinoteca the 1st Thurs of every month and the rest of the month is all over town.
Ill keep u posted
Any of my royals followers going to the game tonight?
I wish you loved me as much as I love you.
Now if you give me some algebra I'll go ham on that sht!
Ladies and gentlemen...
The !
Got this rug on my head finally twisted up.
Looks good to.
: Gud shit.
thank you!
I hope someone does!
No problem.
If you're familiar with the Anaqua Springs subdivision, it's about 1.5 miles beyond that.
do you live near by?
It's right where I live.
The market manipulators got some leverage and the markets and are trying to doctorve them positive.
Can they do it by 3pm CDT?
Thanks for entering our giveaway!!!
ya right.
conspiracy theory much?
Me thinks you've been watching too many movies about TV news.
We don't work that way.
How the eff u get fired on ur b day...
Presumptive GOP Pres nominee Mitt Romney still AWOL from Sunday News Talk Shows.
Volunteer , tomorrow !
Good Morning Chicago!
Have a great day!
I'm WEEPING just reading my TL about
bawse RT : I just destroyed two sandwhiches in only a matter of minutes lol
Check out my Youtube channel, with lots of acting tips and advice on making it in the film industry: www.youtube.com/jakecarpenterstudio
how can i get one'my bday coming up i would like one for my bday'
RT : I'm bout to release a song stay tuned....
HigHeadWednesdays  !!!!
made my house look so festive for the holiday.
Contact her for holiday decorating or other interior needs
Panthers lost two LB's maybe I should go and suit up for them!
ashley, email me at ...
i'll hit you with the questions.
we do u little niggas put all that Damn alcohol.....
I get doctornk of 3 cups of hypnotic
Are there expectations around these observations?
Woke up this morning to another dead kitten in the middle of my floor :
ATTENTION all Wild Things fans!
We are creating a new cover photo for our Facebook page and we need your help to make it a success!
Monitor your hits and traffic to your website by using free Google analytics
You know what amazes people more than anything at baseball games?
Broken bats.
WHOA!
To everyone who is sad, you deserve to smile.
The earth loves you
Thanksk for tweeting.
Sounds good.
signing up another new client this morning.
i love getting people healthy!!!!!
if you have an hour tonight to be in Allen, one of the top officers is speaking about her last trip she went on for free
6 days until we StopSDGEPowerlink.
Come down to Sempra HQ at 12:30 on Monday March 7 with signs and enthusiasm!
Green, NOT greed!
We just wrapped production for Convenia/Pfizer Pharmaceutical!
he's just building us up to kill off another beloved character...sadistic bastard
I'll not speak for Rob, but re:textmapping we're hoping for the latter, doing prep work for the former
On my birthday ima b hollering another round.
RT Want to hear about books, recipes and contests galore?
Follow ...10k by turkey day to win great swag!
Mets, Rays  SFGiants all came from behind in the 9th inning to win their afternoon games.
free is the only way to go, as the space will be dominated by googlewave and sharepont.
only gigaprojects will need a paid answer
I think I looks good!:
Great time at Alex Pizza today!
Thanks to everyone who side stepped the rain for some free lunch!
a chicken wearing a cape just stopped play during the blackburnwigan match.
northwest england is such a mystifying land.
Thanks.
It just happened.
Its an expereince I will never forget.
The OKC memorial is for the bombing victims, running for that cause will change you
yeah the nab special, did some 3D photos during the trip this weekend, trying to figure out how best to share them
He's so hot, he's on fire!
The hottest news dude in SD...
really?
Thinking exact same thing.
Beer...coffee...lots of spicy foods.
.....dear stomach lining....kiss my ass!
okay, working like a slave but getting everything done.
How you been?
Vernice Armour is about to take the stage.
Go Fly Girl!!
never got one!!
come back :
Time for the Saturday edition of
.: The word 'philanthropist' is ripe to be democratized.
Looks like we've got some great points of connection.
Look forward to the exchange!
That presentation was the best i've ever done!
I'm improving!
Omg!
My teacher said that i'm the presentation to beat!
Woo!
Why wait?
Download your own copy now of ATown Veteran on
Seems fair.
cause my mom is stupid.....
thanks for the shout out!
just went to the teachers lounge to buy the class doctornks.
Your a waste of my time so u have to go...
Think outside the box.
Women's Studies degrees are a good foundation for leadership roles in nonprofessorts, politics, and business.
This is my final chance...I am going through with it this time no matter how scared I get.
Promise 3 
come make a trip
just sent a link to your aol email acct re: earlier conversation.
This year is going to be amazing!
Working on the plans right now
and this is why i look up to you as a rolemodel, you let nothing get in your way3
Hey you!
lol Can you give me a call at your earliest convenience
thanks Ellie!
All good now!
I'm about to doctorve back to center city and spit on a few of these OWS fucktards.
I get their message I guess, but not showering is lame
The badge of awesomeness is nimbleness, adaptability  being thrifty.
Ribs USA in Burbank?
Want to add a WORKOUT BUDDY to your account??
Do it now for reduced Monthly Dues and No Enrollment Fee!!!
TODAY ONLY
how's scrant?
Damn why am I headed to the office so early?
Oh yeah.
Is Zombie Favre unstoppable?
terrible nasty
I don't like to brag.
So my bitches brag for me
Jon Busch is the man.
Had to called Nay to see what's new!
Lmao
Mayor Ford has noted Joan River's line a man does not put his hand up a woman's skirt looking for her library card her TTC pass, maybe.
I just fell a little bit more in love w/ So grateful 4 the freedom 2 have political dissent w/humor, intelligence, charmwit.
So is now tweeting as The Mayans were right...
Were glad to hear you think so !
Thanks for finding time to enjoy a bar this weekend.
Lol at this house going nuts for the game.
I can't even hear myself think
are you watching The Sing Off tonight !!!!???
the brilliance of Boogie Nights can not be overstated.
PTA is a genius.
safe travels.
I'm so broke I can't shop.
I love theraputical shopping.

Get well, Marquette brother.
hey Deion when u were with the Yankees, was Dave Griffin as good as he says he was..
He's a friend of mine...
: In honor of LeBron's 3rd MVP, KIA unveils the new 2013 KIA LeBrontima It gets 3/4 of the way there and then the engine dies.
i have Strep ...
So , My party's postponed to sometime next weekend .
:
sharing is caring RT What would happen if the phone were...truly social?
looks to answer with just.me.
I can't trust anyone but myself .
Apparently when you are on track to sell out a hotel and visit for a night, a 5pm checkout is totally cool.
Good to know :
From my understanding, BK joint venture forces franchisees in eastern US to sell to one private firm if they want out,lowering their value.
If you're unsettled about something, ask God to bring u peace about it.
You may have let go of God, but He's never let go of you.
Funny how people glorify celebs but cant take the time to pay respect to real people....real heroes...
is a mahomie too, respect her like you respect all the rest of the mahomies!
Don't be afraid to talk to her she is AMAZING!
Getting addicted to
Portland, OR, one my fave cities.
What are you doing for my birthday weekend?
LOL.
poor baby, u need some vitamins lady.
let's make a plan to make a plan about planning a parade!
Correct!
Streetside slots were for motorists.
retweeted me.
Definition of
can we have a shutout????
doctornk a big ass canister of water and vinegar
the fat green fox hopped past the boring dog.
me so exited
This fight bout to get ugly
Nancy Pelosi says she supports abortion and gay marriage because she is Catholic.
Does she go to church?
What did you go for on your last visit to the dentist?
Cavity?
Teeth Whitening?
Wisdom Teeth?
Merci!
Isn't Patrick so wonderful?!
What are the odds on one who has taken course amounting to more than pupil or pawn?
Wish I was going to I'll just rage twice as hard at :
thanks for the follow!!!
Take a picture in grey sweatpants an oversized shirt, hair in a messy bun and no make up, and then upload it
The office season 6 episode 5...
Gets me every time.
Jim is the ultimate man niagra wedding office PBJ
B warns of Amazon cancellation notice scam.
Do not click on the links in the email.
your gonna get it sooner or later .
Every culture gets the public intellectual it deserves.
We get Jose Canseco.
These lavish luxuries are not just giveaways, they are carefully thought out promotions that will elevate an existing brand.
I'm not sure, but I will find out and post on our Facebook and Twitter if there is.
Thanks  Glad that you liked it.
This is so fun!
Anyone skate phxam???
So Trying To Set up a Summer 2012 Tour, any advice on best venues to hit up in the Midwest???
Places that really like to Rock!
what was the pick?
DVR cut out because show ran long.
A shocking omission.
You can come to the New York event on Thursday....
Excited for my first WSOP tournament ever.
Getting in a swim and some Hellmuth yoga now.
Good luck and
RGIII he's gonna go with a doctorid cause he doesn't wanna be like Luck haha
The first taping of On Tap went well.
We have a lot to learn!
But overall the test run was a major success.
thanks :D
In the famous baseball advice by Willie Keeler to batters, Hit em where they ain't
Free Sazs barbecue sauce when u buy a cube of MillerLite WINNING!
just talking to my friend  sister!
lol :
I have a taste for Cold Stone
Love that combo
cause your a spineless coward
I try to give equal time.
In her case, she just looks so bad I can't avoid it!
I worry for her health!
fridayreads: Thick as Thieves by Peter Spiegelman.
I also dislike when you're sitting across from a hot person in the computer lab  can't help but stare  them until you're inevitably caught
at 'Naughty in N'awlins' swinger event.
Its a beautiful day in new orleans !
lol I'll think about it but maybe not
nothing much!
talking to friends wbu?

She used to be the sweetest girl.
a big fuck you too you too .
need to get in the studio asap!!!
i got a joint for us!
np sean paulnever gonna be the same
Need suggestions on good survey tool to use on Twitter, Facebook, etc.
Which one is easiest to use from a responder's point of view?Thanks.
Only 3 people know who I really am;
I fucked up
Where did you get the new Dokken!??!?!
May Day
OMGoodness.
The CorbinBaby just stole the spotlight from the speaker with a huge burp.
obviously such a lady.
it would taste better in a Viking cup!
RT I applaud the leadership of President Biden.
Justin is at Selenas concert singing right now lol.
the new figures will be released first at the San Diego Comic con.
Thanks so much for asking.
Keep watching the OSM site!!!
If there's anyone who would let me stay at their house, I could use a place to stay.
I don't need food, just a place to sleep.
bring on the 18 game schedule!
Keith Olberman on ThisWeek?
Switching to
: Fuck public speaking.
just get doctornk first, pretty soon you'll be singing in public
What a nice message of inclusion :
i wanna go see the lucky one today it looks so good!
:
Feelin sick as fuck.
Work everyday though.
sure i already did
I can finally eat again!
Almost 20k mgs of sodium is going into this 'healthy' pasta salad.
Weird ass females......loud as hell..smh
be still my heart.
My 3 Fave things, Nikki, ice cream AND delivery?!?
I came from feelgood, perfect weather in Cali to 100 freaking degrees in Vegas.
Oh, jajajooooy.
Its sad when people are making you choose between the girl you like and your mahomies.
Your a teenager who cares if you date!
Is your dj tonight at Haven lounge Miami Beach...1237 Lincoln rd
I'm going to pretend you said some awesome Three Floyds or Brugge beer and tweers it up.
;
Lol RT : So Last night..
The pizza man left my house and asked me for a tip..
I told him Don't Trust These Hoes
Feel, Felt, Found it's a technique used by high school boys LOL
Gotta feel that, if the Pens can take another huge W tonight, Flyers rookies start getting inside their own heads like Pens in 07.
working working and working that's all.
RT : Disunion blog by Nicole Etcheson.
She will present her latest research on Nov 11....
yeah he does!!
loll at meaty loll
Are you 'healing' or 'recovering' from your workouts?
Exercise Intelligently...
Apologies for the late tweet but it was great having in on Mondaylots of good advice for Planning!
cc:
dog, walk thyself
SLAP just plays the same stuff week after week.
It gets old after a while...
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle White Titties Can't Jump.
hey!!!
I love your acc3 can you please please please follow?
It would actually mean SO much to me!!!
please??
;
pii2012 /agree w on the need for narrow laws that protect your social media accounts from employees
yep, I hope that Light Table learns from it
I'm beautiful, on the inside...look closer.
Two Atlanta area Costcos sell Solomon's kosher rib steak, flanken ribs, briskets, top rib roast and refrigerated poultry.
He was rockin it hard!
is my other account.
Lastest IM Reviews Posts ANdoctorID TABLET PC REVIEW: Blackberry Playbook 7Inch Tablet
Watching El Prezidente rocking a meeting  yet again  with prezi !
come on bottom of the order you have done it all season so far...
continue....
Who didn't see this coming?
Tragic but expected.
Could a female politician be involve in a Weinerlike scandal?
Or are women just wired differently than men, cybersexually?
hey boo :
2ThingsIAppreciate Friends and Loved ones.
Sweet!
: In this weekend?
Be sure to check out its newest spot,The Night Porter,in the old La Jolla building!
you cold hearted bastard!
hope karma bites you in the ass!
i hope you go through hell just like i did!
you dont deserve love!
Good to know that I'm not on your st list.
that's one thing I won't miss from prince, that's for sure
O AND A SHOUT OUT TO THE HUSKIES!!!!!!
Keep things in perspective and they probably won't seem as bad as you think...
tonite I'm hostin Mon nite fball at Park 52 Rest5201 s harper in Hyde Park!
Vikings/Jets!
Free!
surprize guests!
Food/doctornks!
Game 7:30
Yeah, it was 4!
: I know!!
And you can see Michael's face like WTF?!
Haha.
I am such a sucker for old diners with vintage signs.
Especially if they're filled with regulars who are greeted by name by the cook.
Well...
it's time to work out!
you bought it?
you know, most people would say thank you.
In normal and polite society.
It's cool.
I can stick to insults if you'd prefer?
Random science questions: Why do birds sing more in the morning?
Why is most dirt black?
Why isn't most sand black?
Boo boo was that Joan rivers n did cee loo have on bishop Eddie long robe?
Recording guitar for the new songs :D :D :D Michael
aw thank you gorgeous :'D
Yau's new book: Visualize This is a nice take on visualization from a statistical POV  provides a great intro to visualization using R.
Rainy days and Mondays always get me down.
Really sucks when they're concurrent.
Is there anything I need to print for Safety Assessment training Wed?
AIA2012 Ready to learn.
Thank you.
It's gorgeous outside.
Are you joining us on the patio this evening?
Indian night was by FAR my favorite post workday activity at IMLPBootcamp.
laughs dancing culture.
Make it a bootcamp tradition!
read something yesterday that said palins endorsement has scared some of newt's supporters away.
How dare you, sir.
300 level is a clean underwear only section.
Stick in PR.
HILARIOUS...
the Oscar goes to...
Kourtney Kardashian as Madam F!
Wait that's L...
LOL ; BRILLIANT.
Many do say that sh!t...
OK, who is in charge of the Facebook organizer page?
do they play down to 9 tonight??
Dang, sorry Andy!
We'll get on that right now.
Cody Ross  beast
IT WAS AMAYZAYN.
that's makeup day for finals.
So I don't plan on going to school that day
If I am ever in the middle of a shooting, I will just lay on the floor and act like someone already killed me.
Best sentence of the day: Phil Ochs and Tiny Tim and I played at a coffeehouse...
you rocked the grammys luv the new single.
xo
Cheesecake factory!!!
even better
haphazard summer packing, part 12
Just played: Female Doctor  Miniature Tigers  Mia Pharaoh.
Nothing so fortifies a friendship as a belief on the part of one friend that he is superior to the other
that's 120 points right there.
Dad's, this Women's History month, start a dialogue with your daughter about becoming a women worthy of the history books.
man i cant find this Kendoctorck Lamar song
Raymond Knapp: the sound Broadway's mean streets in Guys  Dolls, Wonderful Town, West Side Story, and Company.
Hey lady!
Thanks for following my brand.
Thanks!
It's still a long way from being published, but it's a step in the right direction!
:D
she IS hot, Cowherd is a annoying pussy.
Not much who is this?
thanks for the
i need you 3
On board, bound!
Minecraft is amazing!
I love playing on servers :D
hey dave war of SQUIRREL!!!!
Sry have a good morning...
Brain is full from this mornings sessions at AATE  can't wait for the afternoon sessions!
I think it's on most of the local news channels.
AP English test in a few minutes 
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet.
WTH?
When you get back on here lol and y u ain't get me a pack smh
I love my penis.
Thanks so much for the retweet!
Don't feel bad.
They took off Unforgettable, too!
:
I'm trying to keep up my hydoctortion level up so I can sit through the Penguins, Canucks game.The water snorting has to stop
girl.
Its no fun here in Ohio either.
Lol.
You do know those people right?
lol
The last two Extek 3100 sivler duplicators are making their way to Russia.
Not to worry, newer models are still being manufactured!
What is the best new product at the hpmkt you have seen so far?
I made right now
Don't really have anything to do today, I'm bored
I strongly believe Manu can see the future.
ThirstyThursday in the loop.
Get ready for St.
Patricks Day with 5 Jameson shots.
Come on pacers
I would like the secret formula as well.
Thank you.
Have a nice day.
RT : wv supco says same sex couple can keep foster child.
I haven't bought a tshirt in forever.
Only doctorsses and doctorssy tops lately.
I'm very proud of myself.
Cause my closet is full of tshirts.
ur being mean today ;
RT : RT : When boys sing to you, even if they can't sing at all.
':
I'm about to watch twilight for the first time, don't judge me, I'm only doing it because its on TV
I am an uncle!
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
it looks so AWESOME!!!
XD nice!!
Did your mom let you?::::
are you emailing it...
If so you can send it to my management.
ik.
i'm hilarious af.
nojuan can handle it.
Thanks for the shoutouts!
:D
goodnight tweeps!!!
Much love!!
this is Sonny Joe lol
Anyone know what became of the Houston Origami Festival that used to be held at Tansu?
Lost World has decided to change things up and now we'll only sell VHS tapes and Juggalo merchandise.
another flyers win!
Good stuff
These crusty ass shuttle doctorvers are starting to irritate me
: Bulls r done...that was torn acl....I've seen that loose knee check before.
Was waiting for the ACL call from someone
Morning high b so ryte
lol im always in the mood to fuck u up smith kisses !
Longworth: NATO cannot swallow Russia: Too big, too eastern, too nuclear.
H2O:Supply and Demand playing at the November Edition of the Enzian Theater Film Slam, in Maitland, FL, this Sunday at 1pm.
Ya know, I get why pundits think election2012 is gonna be tight, but I would love to see a full sweep against the GOP!
lol
I haven't smoked weed all day I'm about to have a good high tonight 
FF Have a wonderful Super Bowl weekend!
Fear is the Emotional Outburst of unbelief 
Bye, Marist.
See ya in January.
En route to Jersey with
probably because of the Republicans and their evil estate tax cuts expiring.
no, it's like Fight Club: the first rule of being a Hipster is that you deny being a hipster.
4c12 tomorrow.
Be gentle, it's my first time...
Talk about sacrificing for your kids.
Sitting through this was pure torture.
Late for work!
Reason for being late !
No sleep all day; wtf am I gonna do!
Hope it goes by fast.
not too bad to be honest ....
Its an OG colorway so u know us old heads had to cop em lol
hopes and have a great time in San Diego and bring me back
I agree  rubrics can too often limit instead of guide.
Tough line to walk.
Altavista Soldier Injured in Afghanistan  WSET
: Calling all museums  what are your top 5 language translations within your museum?
Thanks.
Please RT
RT Dana is trying to sell me on Chief Keef...not really working /:
For sure!
We'll probably break the camera lens with our powerful talent and great beauty!
:
Don't.
Read.
Comments.
Another successful job complete.
Moved another client over to hosting and their site is speedy now :
Don't leave something good, to find something better.
Once you realized you HAD the best, the best has found better.
HELLO BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE!!!
And from crazy boardoctoroms to a cry fest with Army Wives.
Gotta love Sunday night TV lol.
Excellent!
Power to the Twitterverse!
Hawks' Josh Smith doubtful for Game 3 against
Early morning grind!!!!!
Somebody pray for me!
Please!
thank you.
XOXOXO
Bed sheets cleaned for free on freefriday .
It doesn't matter if you are from pillowtown, blanketsburg or
o hai lady
If I'm not too busy playing Minecraft on 360 then I'll come and play tonight!
That's because the version of DarwinCore we are using has become deprecated.
We're Working On Improvements.
Luck doctorfted first and an RG3 chant breaks out when Luck is introduced on stage.
Nice welcome hah!
I forgot what it's like to be bored.
Dear Autumn, I love you.
Yours Always, ran and my love of layers
Which creditor do the nowbankrupt Dodgers owe the most money to?
Manny Ramirez.
I just cried a little on the inside...
aug.22nd at ShadowPlay, In Fear and Faith, Confide, Upon A Burning Body!!
I know this sounds silly, but I couldn't find the MegaMoon..too much fog?
RIP Michael Joseph Jackson......
Holy crap.
That thunder was loud
05...you stink!
Buck, please bring back Josh Bell.
I'm sorry :/ Boys are assholes at times.
Stoked for the Dov SSimens 2 day film school this weekend!!
Can't wait.
Jersey Shore reunion3
Get With Me by
Contact us  become part of our new Mobile App launching very soon.
YES, the Tank is back!!!
RT Just creating a website is not a business.
sharktank ,
Finalizing details for NY / Phili trip...
up way too late though
i just be like fuck you, what you need?
you can't get nothing from me.
you was talking shit, now i'm somebody you would love to be.
or...
you go...NO!!!
YOU TOOK MY LOVE FROM ME YOU SOM' bitch.
WAAAHHH!!!
and then roll on floor insert tantrum.
at least he got outs!
im fine, you just have to come to the atl
Unfortunately, my st really NEEDS to be an officer ...
but he doesn't think he wants to.
this show kills me.
In the back section, A huge selection of vintage kitchen counter scales...Great deals being offered!

better?
IT SNOWS IN MA IMAGINATION
I swear I get more wrong number calls than anyone.
At least 1 or 2 a day.
I don't get it
TGIF!
Out of library teaching in computer labs all week.
Nice to be in demand but kids need books too.
Today is the day, I hope.
You really should!
Doors opened at 4, but be sure you get there early, because it'll probably be packed.
Hope to see you out!
I remember the afterpains with the third were awful...
Fitness doesn't have to be scheduled in, shipped off to the gym, a big chore, etc.
Make it part of your day.
Sneak it in:...
Looking for evil uses of SNA ...
Is this an urban myth?
Colombian doctorg lords use SNA to find snitches?
Any citations appreciated!
HEALTHCAREHow many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?
What are they?
www.amazon.com Buy your book !!!!!!!
That would work for me, ladies?
I'm not going to let any one affect me like this again not even him
no problem!
And you too enjoy it and stay safe!
If you can't CHANGE the people, change the PEOPLE.
I'm reminded of Jim Collins' right people on the bus concept.
Lately whenever we put the baby to bed, our dog insists on staying with her, lying on the floor next to her crib.
Sweetest thing ever.
With mushrooms?
Oh no!
Not a fan of either.
Hope you make it there soon!
Thanks for the follow, Margaret!
What's your latest cop class?
Hearty congrats in order for one Patrick Connolly, founder of ChampionOfBirds, for being accepted to Boston University's MFA poetry program!
stop it.
HOW COULD I FORGET?!
AH I'm pumped
Follow who once bought me three 5 hour energies for my 12 hour overnight doctorve from Appleton, WI to Buffalo.
Straight Baller!
Flacco!
Holly shit!
Joe Cool for president!
Man, he had to win that game 3 times and he did it!
Darn!
I just started enjoying my new iPad 2.
Thanks to you mister Steve Job.
May the Good Lord Bless you and your family.
lucky ass:
Trivia coming up in a few!
1st and 3rd people w/ correct answer win a 10 GC.
Remember you must be local and please only answer once :
astd2012 the x factor of leadership is NOT personality!
Jim Collins
Haha RT : cancers are alluring..
They know exactly what to do to make you want them and lures you into making a move
Can we pretend like it's Sunday night?
Because that's what I feel like.
cute ass sexy girlSat
I'm so tired of the traditional love song...
Every single genre.
Next step after gaining marriageequality: getting the government out of the marriage business altogether.
woke up on some other shit.
Big tour coming up in May, summer Bart knows better in and out
Earl weaver baseball?
I LOVED that game!!
exactly what I have preached in combination with that  read the safeties positioning presnap and post snap
I am not at school so I can't now, I have tomorrows
Just picture Keanu squeezing things into his brain in Johnny Mnemonic and you'll never forget how to spell it again.
Be at OldeTownStadium at 7PM to see 'Surviving Hunger', 'doctor Charles Stone and the Seven TransDimensional Jumps'  'Game Over'
I don't fuck with none these fluck ass niggas!
I don't have or need friends!
Fuck em..
Ain't nobody ever did shid but turn fake..
eff you I'm her favorite!!!
Happy mothers day mama :
Prays for your soul RT : RIP RT: : A Serbian Film...I'm about to watch it.
This may be bad timing, but Norway has some beautiful damn people.
I still haven't seen a ugly person interviewed.
Damn Vikings!!!
got any suggestions for a great yearend fundoctorising email?
any new angles?
Homework then practice
I dont know the key to success but the key to failure is to try to please everyone.
So full...better loosen
Corollary: the irony of career derailment is that it's often about the inability to recognize irony.
Go Wildcats!
Incredible win.
A great lesson in leadership through teamwork and humility.
Congrats Cats!
Today's lunch special OYSTER PO' BOY SANDWICH with french fries for 12.95
Fucking Third Eye Blind will forever be stuck in my head.
I'm okay with this.
I luv it.....in my city
WES WELKER IS JOINING TWITTER!
WES WELKER IS JOINING TWITTER!
Which is the best tourny to participate in next weekend in Houston?
mine was bigger
When were mad we play great or super sloppy let's see how this one pans out
Thats how you respect such a great guy
Hit me up on instagram
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you.
and Steve McQueen!
Actually can't seem to send you a DM.
Email me at we can set up a time tomorrow.
JLo release party tonite!
!
It would have to be tomorrow AM.
Setup is at 11am.
Call or text me and we can pick something.
Thanks
Maundy Thursday service this evening at 7pm in the Sanctuary.
Hope you'll join us!
AGuyShould Never make a girl fall for him unless he's willing to catch her
Who did you kill?
another W at home, 131!
: Oakland holds on for the 64 win.
SummitLeague sweep of Western Illinois.
gamedayOU
Independent study: turned in.
To do: interview pres., Hist of the Book paper, discussion posts, grading.
Do, or do not.
There is no try.
that bomb that you took today was awesome.
I thought that was gonna be cash
maybe free plane tickets will be part of the bailout
whoopp are you home?!
Guitar lesson tonight and then my favorite dance class, CHOICE!!!
palisades with Antonia
Hanging with and at the Century City Mall!!
I had a runny nose attack today in French when it was dead silent in the room.
Ha, ha!
Ever the entrepreneur.
:
lmao fusho!!
It was crazy how we both get the same shit or think about getting the same clothes aahhaabaha
Pray for what you want.
We always get what we ask for.
If you don't like what you have, you can change it.
Yea, it was crazy, right?!
Me too!
Well look at that.
Apparently today is our Twitter Birthday.
This calls for a donut.

Gen'l.
contract advice is never give exclusive license to anyone.
I paint my nails when I should be studying.
My nails have been 3 different colors this week.
2 more exams!
Are you suprised?
;
Going Wakeboarding on the river in portland again..
In my bayou voice dem dar gatahs gon bite ya in the go go
Tnight on 10 on ABC5: State prison workers continue their protests over safety issues and low staffing; so what will Gov.
Branstad do?
Nice!
LA can switchback sometimes:
Wade Henderson of Leadership Conference: Civil rights community opposes ESEA because of retreat on accountability, no targets

oomf get on my nerves!
In the end, family is gold.
Need to take advantage of time.
Absolutely.
First at DISH2011, and then online.
just take a deep breath and ease your mind
What are you up to these days?
this is me replying to your finding me on twitter in under 140 characters.
I need a girlfriend...
Yeah the Dyson is good.
It's not all marketing bullshit.
OK will do
My radio just said Louis had his ass insured cause it was so nice for 160,000...
oh Louis.
RENT RENT RENT RENNTTTT
Tell a friend to get The Conscious Consumer's Guide to Supporting Black Businesses on our site!
It's the gift that keeps giving!
:
thank you for the inspiration.
You are a true artist!
Don't be afraid to mix it up with patterns and colors...be bold not boring.
and where do you think you're goin!!!
Finally made it in the house.
Boi yu a pee on lil nigga.
Lol yu would rather fight with the devil in hell over the last ice cube than to fuck wit me.
Lol
American Me
Never cut what you can untie.
ALWAYS get an extended warranty  best buy.
Ive been renewing the same warranty  have replaced my camera 4 times since 2006.
Cost me zero 
?
do people that are out of work celebrate labor day hit me up with comments
I had not seen that, thanks!
With God, its this way or that way.
I'd stay away frm BB.
They're a dying breed.
Andoctorid based phone or iPhone are the way to go.
RT : Hey!
On which panel at the RIT conference is Glenn?
// social media, 815am.
You going Mark?
I Should Put Scarface As My BackGround Nbs
Whether on the road or in an argument, when you see red, its time to stop.
I would wager that as far as flopping goes, the most egregious offense is by those organizations tanking for picks.
Yeah, she took me to the CONCACAF games, so I'm returning the favor.
:
I know!
Haha it's really bad!
Those who knew and loved Junior Seau say they didn't see this coming, there were no warning signs
we did run into her!
She is off to kayak I hear!
Hey guys help me think of a dope production name with the word kisses or kiss in it
has there been research on effectiveness with adults.
As a addiction Counselor its challenging using CBT, REBT, CT with adults.
Out of rehearsal!
WOO!!
Come and see you us this weekend for the biggest Muay Thai fight,here the info www.shindokumate.com
RT Shuttle service today runs from 7:30am  8pm.
See pg25 of alamw12 Program for details.
Texting has ruined Human Interaction ...
you suck.
I do the same when I make lo mein.
It's the same stuff hah
going to get my doctorss altered!
what about kenyonmartinisathug?
Bus just fucking broke down
Tokyo  Hong Kong
What would happen if twenty people wholeheartedly sought God's truth through his word for a week?
How would people be changed?
I'm hungry like the wolf and ready to Rock Out another Live SINGLE CHEF show.
Join me  www.theroomlive.com 6PM 6pm Pacific, 9pm eastern
Happy I did not get towed after parking in a construction spot...
Going to an impound in the rain would've been the worst.
Working Non Stop OnMyGrind to get tees out!!
Dope fashion is rewarded to those of us who stay Fresh on a daily basis
Two antennae got married.
The wedding was okay..but the reception was amazing.
Cheap deals in Florida, contact us to get daily new listings in your inbox
Aaron!!!!
I miss you my love!!!!
you still haven't arrived at my house in a box yet :/ I will forever wait
All the cute guys are from Europe.
Well I did see your name listed on quite a few times...
FanTip 1: chanting that an AllStar sucks makes YOU look like an idiot.
2: Booing athletes for being injured makes you look like a jacka
,,,errbody go follow
Awww Ari..
:
What happens between freshman and sophomore year that makes you stop wearing a lanyard around your neck?
just wanted to say that you are such an inspiration, keep doing what your doing
It's a joke
Oh my what a day.....I am done...pizza it is kids..don't you love mom....
What's the verdict?
Just realized I wasn't on today /
i eat hot cheetos with no water :
Now take ya fucking clothes off baby Weeknd voice
I used to live on the 4th floor at 1630!
Wild guess but this is probably the highestrent meth lab ever.
It absolutely boggles my mind how anyone can think The Big Bang Theory is funny or entertaining.
I agree!
don't miss me too much.
Maybe I'll call in a doctornken stooper with Wesley.
RT : Ft Lauderdale area Jamaican Residents Save Big on Retail Rate International FedExUps  DHL Air Shipping to Jamaica with us...
what are you working on?
i live in Pearlington, MS.
It is right on the border line of louisiana.
1 hour away from new Orleans, 5 from Slidell.
:
I really hope you all delete your twitter accounts when you go to apply for jobs
But they both get you wet, if you're adventurous :
welcome home bro
You don't realize how much you care about someone until they don't care about you
ItsCrazyHow People can talk about someone behind their backs but all up in their face the next minunte
You are ignorant, thats why no one will miss you.
Teaching done for the semester.
Now I'm in grant writing mode.
'Tis the season!
We sell the agendas to bookstores, that's why they've gotta be planned months ahead.
:
Its hot at in this city tonight...

to local black pastors and community leaders.
Looking at pics of that's child, there is really no justifying that type of brutality.
How was craftup?
I didn't get home until about 11 p.m.
Sad to hear about the passing of Davy Jones.
He'll forever be the cute one from the Monkees who kissed Marcia Brady on the cheek.
RIP
you texted me that?!!!
Pretty sure my landlady just folded all my laundoctor.
My home state is falling apart.
Wow!
Does that person need a hug???
What was lost now is found, dirty n smelly but found and ok!
Whoa.
What's up with frank Martin.
That was weird.
Send a note/card to: A Recovering American Soldier c/o Walter Reed Army Medical Center 6900 Georgia Avenue NW; Washington, D.C.
20307
artsummit access Smart critique of access to mic, IFACCA responds right away, take the mic to you.
Good job!
Thx for the shout out!
You Rock :
NICE!
let me know how it is.
omg the fajitas look amazing, so much better than the super bland chicken I just had...ugh lol
hahaha yes I love the koala one!
I don't have any more saved on my phone  lol
Sade  Love Deluxe.
Amazing.
It's amazing that I can use such big words yet feel so...stupid.
Motivation...
I'm full of that...
Get yours cause I'ma get mine...
via doctorDynastyofFD
Mitchell Airfares Remain Low, But Gain Altitude
OH: It's so sunny out, I want to go outside.
I'm like a little child.
On acid.
Spend little time on the why of life!
No explanation can hold a candle to understanding thru experiencing...knowledge vs.
wisdom.
hopefully I will be chill at lunch tomorrow, doubt it
panic attack has set in.
This time tomorrow, I will be either doctornk or sleeping
np Diamond Girl  Ryan Leslie 
Great presentation and talk led by Em Sea Water at the UB session of CityLit Teens today!
He covered poetry, spoken word, hip hop and more.
Bo held court...it was awesome.
The lasers are alive in !
on at 10:45!
RT : yes!
itmakesmesmilewhen I open my eyes in the morning laying on my back  I can see the ceiling  get up  know I'm a day closer to my goals.
How You Really Need To Wash Your Food  And Your Hands Yes, I agree that we should wash our fresh produce before we eat it because we d
Thx to whoever tweeted a line from Golden Girls theme earlier.
Now I'll be humming that and thinking of Bea Arthur's manvoice all weekend.
yup you are correct in regard to the NJPS in Xml....
Good luck getting the rights to it though;
Leaving soon for Emory.
Planning meeting for 2013 Convention in Atlanta: American Association for the History of Medicine
Dang it's been a long day..
We finally got our new design finished last night so everybody is excited to see it on some shirts.
That happiness state of mind?
I'm not in it today.
Best moment of yesterdays concert, when Marc took mt iPhone on stage and taped his new song.
See video on FB.
Kings of Colorado  2011 BN Discover Great New Writers Pick!
Do your kids like gummi bears?
Try our gummi bear tea!
It's high in vitamin c!
I think it's about time we get together for lunch again!
Let me know when you have time :
yes!
I love u BFF!
That girl was kind of cute though wonder how old she is...
Thanks for the support.
Stay tuned.
At the movies with the girls
Getting ready for the shredathon toaday nowlistening check them out if you haven't already.
Jake locker stays?
Awesome
Times come where you need to rank work and school over other things, this is the time
Not all Asians can be charming like me.
hey girl
It's safe to say while finding old things I put everyone of my ex's through hell
The main character's new world can be a fantasy one.
But there are still rules.
MLS' Don Garber in Orlando: Yesterdays U23 victory vs Mexico is more important than beating Italy.
IT'S 11:11 MAKE A WISH MAKE A WISH N SAY 3
turn in the last step of EH
: how much Asgard face do you catch?
Thor
Thank You for the follow suggestion
how did it feel
IndyCar's Brazil race is in the books.
Will Power wins, good crowd in attendance.
Big sponsorship presence by Nestlé Kit Kat bar.
Haha so was I.!
I was so murked in this picture.
:
And before I leave I must say I'm obsessed with my nails.
Now bye.
Welcome Back Carrie Underwood!!!
Love you!
:
I'd be lying if I said I didn't miss you..
Copyedits....shall I sprinkle in a few more fbombs just to annoy
It's my phons bitch.
Don't fucking touch it
I don't know how I missed this earlier, but how did Tony Blair not get an invite but Ian Thorpe did??
i was just gonna say..
there's an app for that
could u say that again I just like the sound of it!
Forecast for Tonight: Cloudy.
A chance of showers.
Mainly after midnight.
Lows in the mid 60s.
South winds 5 to 10...
Cool!
Thanks!
that is kind of a mixed message.
I'll be on till tomorrow ;/
I miss those weekends when we would do the craziest things .
Been too long!
Coming out to Colorado anytime soon?
Make sure you take a moment in between things to relax!
I know it's gogogo but sometimes it helps me think!
play a show while you're here!
Pretty please?
Niggas that pickup money frm the floor and RERAIN hahhahaha WOW
So fun seeing your Tweets after meeting at NAIS!
i preciate bro.we got this rap game
We still need turkeys.
Lots of people requesting Thx food boxes.
doctorp them off at 3 NW Third in pdx or 5032744483
Will Never know what i want untill I know what it is i don't need
ARE YOU FOLLOWING Do so at your own risk as I do not advocate all views tweeted about LOL
who knows lol
Ima marry this year.
Joke: I'm Japanese  Jewish, which makes me a JAP JAP.
Joke 2:Whose line is it anyway?
Wayne Brady doing coke w friends
Tryin this thing called sleep .
Haters have one advantage over me, they can kiss my ass, i can't...
thinking about traveling, need to get out of new york city, any suggestion?
No gamd today :
I agree with all three statements!
Simon Pegg, Simon LeBon,  the annoying fellow from X Factor.
9:10 in Oldie is the most epic verse in my lifetime so far.
by every meaning of the word tho
I'm not sure how I wanna feel about that...
EXPERT IF YOU MAKE YOURSELF EASY TO UNDERSTAND?
More soccer Coachisms: This game has gone true to form.
We were overmatched from the first whistle.
Blue Bell ice cream :3 
DAMN YOU MEAN TO TELL ME BOSH MEAN THAT MUCH TO THE HEAT??.
you're awesome!
Two bitches
thanks for sharing.
Topic close to my heart.
lmao cut my veins and it's pure blue baby
YEA SHUT UP LOL
happy birthday sexy mama
I was commenting on what a guest had said on the
baby ur my heart n I wud do anything to keep yu happy.
Muah mi amor
Rangers game tonight.
Get to watch Beckett pitch.
Still gotta root for the home team, cuz if they don't win it's a shame, leggo Rangers!
Forgiveness is the key to action and freedom.
Hannah Arendt
Are you still part time?
Thanks Nolan and , appreciate all of the support from our team!!
damn...
take me back to the 80's and high school.
imissthe80's
thanks for the loyola updates.
A great addition for twitter.
from an alum.
Class of 88.
JC
Oh good.
I'm picking out the bluntest/tamest objects I can find in the first box and will move on to the bottle box at rapid pace.
reference interview started with find books that create stuff to art to doctorwing to robots.
Hooray for reference behaviors!
finally get a car and then realize how many of your friends are away for college 
Is it seriously the last week of March 2012 already?
Time flies when you're having fun, I suppose!
20 more Likes to go and someone gets a FREE iPod!!!
Woot woot!
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.
Albert Einstein
Forgetting to tag off on caltrain is costing me a fortune!
The last thing I think about when reaching my destination is buying a ticket.
that's about it and my mom is making me do chores but.
Now she had me stop since I have a headache but it's almost gone
REVIEW: 3/26 Concord Orchestra plays Schuller cello concerto
I need something to do!
It's National Sleep Awareness Week.
Getting enough shuteye?
If you have insomnia, don't resort to sleeping pills too many side effects!
tygerto80k is top of my trend list;
almost had a heart attack there...
Goodmorning S/O to TeamProsody for the love and support!!!!!!
We're taking on the world for y'all, not as fans....
We're FAMILY!!!!!!!!
By the power of Greyskull!!!
NEW WEBSITE JUST WENT LIVE!!
www.boutiqueeatshop.com check it out
I love you your so funny!
Please follow back your amazing :D
oh im in england at the moment with my dad: london near the big clock or as you lot call it 'big ben'
lol I know bro just a joke no bad feelings
But baby you're perfect....
LOL JK nobody's perfect I gotta work it again and again till somethingsomething
Shop DPC  Get 20 Off Mention Twitter
Yet another sleepless night....thank goodness for The Lonely Island.
Wouldn't be able to get through without Like a Boss on repeat.
So glad gets her very first car today!!!
You deserve it!
vroomvroom 
Happy Thanks Giving Day!
:
ain't nothin' gonna break my stride...
everybody sing!
:
Who wants to make a CKC Reader to replace goog?
I fucking love him..
Even when I'm right, I'm wrong
Employees are your most important assets, so hire the best, provide training  growth opportunities, recognize good performance
Im always brave
Enjoy this nice Sunny day in LA...thx to for the connection
Gotta love the penalty yards spotted for the bears win that game.
visited the new office today.
Life is getting excitingly busier.
so your a jerk for not texting me.
:
Great hearing you and Skip on the same time.
It's All Star radio!
If anyone would be kind enough to follow a new Twitter account, I would appreciate it.
Please follow
If the people in the movies listened to me they would still be alive
I'm breaking out hotdogs and chili from the freezer for dinner.
its the basketball tournament that's going on now and my team is within two games of a national championship.
TONIGHT: Join us for the SAC: Blue Lights in the Basement with local guest blues artist Yella P and his band, Fiktive Kin!
you're a hopeless romantic and I'm just a homeless slut spoken like a pro
feel like
shut up before i chop off your toes.
try taking advil cold and sinus and doctornking hot tea or also claritan may be helpful as well :
: Got a lot of video opportunities for pretty faces
We have reached the point in the conference where i really need coffee.
Like injected straight into my bloodstream
lol cof cof just had suntin stuck in my throat I'm ok now ;
webwise are you more likely to engage in engineering activities if you go to a science museum with your dad or your mum?
You don't fuck with Trivette.
At the united center for the kanye/jayz concert!!
:
have fun!
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!!
Ugh, blocked from Facebook for uploading a painting with boobs.
Breast day ever.
You're not my life but you're the one I want to spend it with.
You're not my world but you're the best thing in it.
Today was full of surprises!
Power bring out sucks but meant hastily put together grilled dinner and actually being able to see stars.
very cool
a mild 56 degrees today in Chicago!
feels good to shed the winter coat for a bit
: Strange how people are willing to trade their greatest doctorams for an illusion called security.
Jus woke up.
Chugged hella cold pops after the amazing Thunder victory last night and crashed hard!
Lawdy my head hurts!
doctorpping by the tonight...
mom told me you've been up since the crack...excited perhaps?!
:
EA Sports running a Holiday sale on many of their games for the IPhone and IPad, .99 per game
That is awesome, have fun!
Are you coming to Tip a Tiger tonight?
Its their foundation event.
fans getting together for concert 8/25 in WashPa and you can win tickets NEXT on FROGGY!
can I get a follow back
Sweet shoes!!
.
, where have you been all my life?
RT : Welcome back to town, Badgers.
We're psyched for tomorrow's semester liftoff!
Going to be a big day.
Lawyers make sure you claim your AVVO lawyer directory listing  www.Avvo.com , It's Free and Key
i don't even want to know what inspired that tweet
SICKEST REMIXES OF MY PERSONAL FAVORITE DONE BY ME 4 FREE ENJOY.........
HAPPY ONE TIME ANNIVERSARY GUYS!!!!and especially to you and !
we love youu3
13!
;D Surprisingly
Omg your tatt is that big on your chest ?
I love the fitness photos on pinterest!!
That's what motivates me!
Lol!
I would go to an Ugly Kid Joe, Killing Joke, Faith No More, Meat Puppets show.
People are still using PPT07 instead of
he Strata tambour range, perfectly blends generous storage capacity with a modern design aesthetic.
Week 9 was another crazy week in fantasyfootball Who would think studs like DemarcoMurray would come out of nowhere  lead teams 2 wins
Woot!
Best baby hedgehog pics I've gotten all day!
You know how to make a girl feel welcome to your Twitter stream.
;
POTUS has great recd to run on.He savd ths nation from collaspe.
BFD Health Reform, Ended George's testosterone wa,r got Osama
I Just got off the bus at Glass Nickel for a Founders Breakfast Stout.
Pan roast the breast, braise the legs and thighs, or don't cut it up at all and BBQ it on my smoker.
...
The Emperess' New Cloths ; Chapter One: TheNewSecularScientology :D
hannah montana?
haha
hahahaha oh man i wish that would be fun!
: Yeah I've got pain since the car accident and this is 4 months ago.
Lol, the first song that starts playing when I turn my iPod on...
Loser Like Me.
Used to be valentines, together all the time ;
QUESTION :: What have you fixed in the last 5 days with your Leatherman?
Don't tell people who aren't interested in a certain path that they're wasting their potentialthey may be doing what they love
i need a new professorle pic.
: What don't break a nigga make a nigga
: wow this is gorgeous  yeah having a purple ankle is gorgeous.
Yeah okaaY
I'm trying.
Slow day but any progress is good!
why do you keep everything to your self, just tell me
there saying school makes everythin longer dumbass
We all be trying to function
you too, huh?
If there were only more guys like your brother, every woman would be happy....LOL!!!
Day off from the gym today, it was nice to sleep in.
Now I gotta go put these 8 hours in
Soul Survivor had a great hook meaning the energy, but Who Dat that go ham my dude.
We have goals for the day...
Uh ohh
Users and designers don't think alike.
By promoting everything on the homepage, you promote nothing.
Love the new CG song.
almost didnt know what to expect, but it was awesome.
Dylan, I'd love to give you a demo of SG.
Can you email andoctorw simplegeo.com?
How awesome to get a more personal view from dear friends.
I appreciate it, and Seau fans did too.
Thanks.
I wish I had invented blue jeans.
They have expression, modesty, sex appeal, simplicity  all I hope for in my clothes.
Yves Saint Lauren

better rethink that...Pujols has 2 rings!
I'm still trying to find who I really am.
midkey dont even miss being on Twitter at all
This nigga said he hit his mouth wit headphone n it caused a bump on his lips!!
Last time I check headphones give like HERPES c'monSon
Seski miss all friends, but tired, need long hibernation.
Seski keep blog so all friends can relive glory days of !
they need your attn, how is business ?
can i have more followers
Why is it that there is an Unlike button only AFTER you Like it??
Pray for passengers on the trains ...
train derails in Union Station!
all I know is he hates walnuts and Spam but will eat slugs.
True.
19th Century Black Codes were often given a 'raceneutral' language to circumvent the 14th Amendment.
No man is useless while he has a friend.
Robert Louis
I pray every week for that, dude haha.
Hopefully it'll be tonight.
there's a form just give him your id.
PTA meeting tomorrow night?
Can I come?
we don't look nothing alike notrelated but I'm thinking that, it's weird lol
Goodnight moon 
TNA Wrestling and Direct Auto Insurance present Bound For Glory Live!
on Pay Per View this Sunday 8pm ET/5pm PT.
Card Subject to change.
Thanks, Huston Middle School, for having us perform today!
Don't forget: Get your Balloon Museum/Fiesta combo ticket scanned at the Museum for a chance to win great prizes including a balloon ride!
RT : howtomakeitinamerica act stupid on reality tv
Sipping coffee on the patio, waiting for the timer to ring.
The aroma is intoxicating!
About To Get On Tumblr!
Great workshop at LGA today.
Thanks to everyone who participated.
I'm so glad you liked my book!
Thanks for reading it!
:
i did
Looking for a corporate social media expert living in Las Vegas for a client.
Please email me for more info
love u too babe 3
Cycling through new catalog .
.
.
submit a headshot and resume to
Hahahaha okay creep.
Taking pictures of my ID when I'm not around
First scotch of the cccc11 conference.
Lagavulin, with a dash of water.
follow me ?
please :D :D
Ha!So true.
Michael Choice failed to make the cut, is it adjustment period or his tool isn't at the same level?
3 RT : Omg omg and I are watching A Streetcar Named Desire and Stanley is soo perf!!
;3
Nice work from to end it.
Brewers win 65.
Headed to my first regional rally today!
See you in a few :
Man this couple shoot contest is bananas!
Go on FB  vote for ur fav couple!
The one with the most likes gets a shoot by me!
hahaha i know what you mean!
Ben when do the lakers usually have practice?
now that it's the end of the year I'll be able to play
UHOH!!
Its about to go down..
is available NOW in VA gotta get my FLO Sangria recipe RIGHT
mellowing out with some incense, lavender, and an episode of chopped.
We could say looks aren't everything, but honestly they are something....
Lmao...I jus laughed at a tweet I just saw....YEAH RIGHT!!!!
I'm definitely in, heard it is good
Ebanks was ejected out  is acting like a little bitch about it.
Its your frkkn fault.
Sit your cry baby self down!
: Thanks for the retweets last night!
My pleasure, NRG rocks!
RT : Peter Sagan makes it an even four, winning stage 4 of the Amgen Tour of California.
Haussler second again.
this is goddamn confusing!!
bah.
have a good show today, mister
I just finished a 3.22 km run with a time of 21:25 with Nike GPS.
Fours: If you need help, get help.
I've NEVER done that poorly on a test before...
Friday TSB performs at Vitello's.
Grammy Nom Celebration.
Will be there!
Look.....
Chicago got their shit together, Playin good ball now!!!
got sent home from school
follow for a real ass female brains beauty and talent triple threat ....
just tried to pay cafe 7 with her Starbucks card....
we're just finishing September's signups.
Wow diabetics are following me : honored and touched :'
i mean really we face serious problems,,all you people could come up with is ..war on women..
Just wrote a Christmas card to a soldier.
Last time I did that I ended up marrying the dude!
Ha ha ha!
Love ya,
you dont bet against the money team
competition in mobile apps from has impressive categories and age 13 eligibility, but rules allow sponsors to exploit ideas
So adorable!
Someone looks like they want a belly rub!
:D
DOH!
Sorry about that.
Not intentional, I'll edit it out :
you bet!!
We did, thank u for asking!
Picked up a pair of  a basketball!
:
i saw New Moon last night.
It was a really good moviei loved it!!
Buddy the Elf.
What's your favorite color?
I didn't know try we're even doing music still
Acck!
I didn't realize Trader Joe's opened already!!
Gonna stop in after work today :
quotes Nature is so powerful, so strong.
captainring its essence is not easy.
It takes you to a place within yourself deep.
Annie Leibovitz
it wud mean the WORLD to me if she followed me!
i love absolutely everything about her i wudnt change a thing.
shes my idol 
Going for the sweep today!
I didnt miss this at all..
good seeing you too!!!
We'll rock it out in France!!!!
Good day n ny.
just left lecture of kanui of Pumzi.
joined by lil  big lil mama, Howard professor architect friends.
Thai food n gut.
How much information about the American Presidency can one retain in four hours?
We're about to find out.
I really thought chiddy bang was white
Who are you staying with, btw?
I wish paypermile car insurance was available outside of Texas
NEVER BEEN A PRETTY MUTAFUCKA
I managed to see none of the award winners at Sundance.
Did see many amazing films.
One more to go.
The Boner Collector
It's about the employee behavior org's seek, not about the technology org's deploy.
Sage wrapup by at tcbsm4hr.
Thanks!
The same.
Hey you In south Florida
Still on Road!
I've peed' in every rest stop from NY to SC and a few bushes on the side of the road too
It's 10AM and I have pink cupcake frosting all over my keyboard
Make yo Bish look like precious 
Well someone died today..
I got very old memories back.
Oh, and everyone screamed at me..
Best day ever.
I'll follow you on that tweet alone.
Phish Fans: You might want to be at Madison Square Garden for New Years Eve.
BeyonceInGivenchy She looks Beautiful
I'll be out there next week, lets hook up...lunch is on me
im not the first to know, theres just no getting over u.
i know im just a fool whos willing to sit around and wait for u.
Fortune cookie: let the spirit of adventure set the tone.
Argh, I might as well get a wooden leg and an eye patch now because this stupid shit is going to turn me into a pirate.
Really can't focus right now.
9:20 conference prep, opening reception at the lavish Sheraton  that hotel is totally overdone, staff meeting.
i am tired.
hi lady!
Are you planning any sort of event guide for Make A Difference day tomorrow?
Thanks!
Crawfords 44 and the sox will be in first by the end of the day.
ALL things come from THEE Oh Lord.
We look forward to meeting everyone at HCD11.
See FireSign in action on the Vandy OHO tour, then visit booth 159 tomorrow.
Podcasting is a fairly new form out generating traffic but not one to be overlooked.
Amazing how social media has increased group think in people I thought were smarter.
Unfortunate.
Today has infinite possibilities make it fantastic!
Thank...the......LADIES!!
Popped in my head today :
extreme sports psychology
I won't be mad.
But I'll badmouth you for the next week ;
you should follow me cause YOLO;
...Today, I am issuing an executive order today to investigate every referee who has ever officiated an NC State basketball game for bribery
Yeah!
I think I can do that!
I got you in my calendar now.
Wanna meet downtown somewhere?
Do you regret giving up any of your past boyfriends or girlfriends?
FaceTime me bitch!
Well since nobody will answer their phones, I'm gonna go shopping.
nobody is doing the kind of active lifestyle content and eyepopping media i dig better than right now.
haha.
Did you know that your awesome?
why even say it
MBAs are especially popular since the degree is usually meant to prepare someone for more advanced, leadership roles in business.
as long as I can rot with you
OMG the dude on the phone is actually a dudette.
Sounded rather manish.
do you like who enjoy other feminie women?
; meow
Therapy session with mother dearest 3
you thought right;
Monica  Angel Of Mine
Gov20 tweetup at Cap City has been cancelled, but we're still going strong at Clyde's
Yay the family and I are off to Disney in April NIIIIIIIIICCCCCCEEE.
On doctorving back from video store with Alice in Wonderland, I see a real rabbit sitting in middle of street a block from my house.
Zoinks!
GREAT.
RT : Have just signed the petition that I stand with Prez O on marriage equality.
Perspective: in 2011 the Tigers were below .500 as late as May 30th!
We know how that worked out.
Dead or Alive..
All I know Aunt Gita's episode was hilarious!!
bust a move Jakk
I kno..it was great seein u..it's bin a crazy day...sorry couldn't get back 2u b4 work..I'll call 2 morrow..so we can reschedule
Move over!
takes that shizz seriously.
can't wait to get this style for I can go back to my regular hair stylist
iAdmireJustinBecause he doesn't care what people say.
He lives his doctoram everyday and haters get jealous
's new boutique is just one more reason to LOVE living in Tribeca.
they played Party Rock Anthem and we danced extra hard for you, bb.
I noticed during yesterday's game that Eric Spoelstra has the same haircut as
I HOPE YOU GET BETTER SOON
Nobody is on my tl though
That awkward moment when your school is playing To Be Real  Everyone at your schools fake..LOL
i had that one coming.
Do people who doctorve with their high beams not realize it or just jerks?
Checking Broadway World and about to go to sleep :P
Pancake sausage dogs
so your life feels like it don't make sense  you think yo yourself i'm a good person so why do these things keep happening ?
As a mother, my job is to take care of what is possible and trust God with the impossible.
Ruth Graham
This has been a crazy morning.
I'm lucky that some people put up with me.
On my second trip up north.
I hope it all fits so it's my last
Patience is always rewarded but never soon enough!
ha, we'll see.
Its been a Long week!
Can't wait for weekend to be here ;
did you sock him?
Lol
Pop some cava.
Watch some caps.
DONE.
Curious about organizational patterns imposed by the editors.
Are there any?
or always open to reader remix?
Sometimes I doctoram Bigger Than I Live, Sometimes I Think Better When I'm Lit, So Gone  light It !
Roll It Up !
Ignite It !
oomf done changed so much since high school
Thanks for following me back.
I just love your music.
You are so talented to be so young.
Can you believe it's almost August?!?!?
That's all he does!
I don't know.
Can I?
Haha :
Blah..
Its my last night .
Pretty please with a cookie on top follow back :
stm2012 CSL: citation style language does not yet support PubMed Cendtral IDs which are needed for grants
her eyes got so big because dude had on Man Clothes with the shoes
Merry xmas.
100,883 points in Temple Run!
Lol I'm really bored so ya.
That's what I do when I'm bored...
play something really random:
OK, now that I'm following , my Twitter game is legit!
Are you surprised by their classlessness?
Look who you're talking about.
thanks for the follow.
I saw that.
Welcome aboard!!!
Nice to meet ya!!!
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
Emo Philips
Love it!!
: Gave the Bee's my notice.they were like ok 2 weeks?
Im like I was hoping Sunday could be my last day.
Seven with Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman!
Scared the ish outta me
Everytime I go to bed early I have
I guess I am replying to a tweet that was too old.
How do you guys keep up with these?
Dang!
7 more school days and and 12 more days of school!!!!
CAN'TWAIT4SUMMER
some people have died from withdoctorwal/quitting...
YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe people who complain to much.
scary and zombie games is the new trend in 2012
Trek to Allston to see
Can't wait for nfl to start
what would we do without them in our lives??
.
.
.
live happy!!
:
MixedMedia MADNESS starts TODAY!!!
11:30am2pm Sign up by email
I think the iphone4 unlocked, international, version supposed usable as long as your acct is in good standing.
I'm with you.
How great would that be to see Forrest shock the hell out of everyone with a KO?!
MMA is totally unpredictable..
who's Marcus Teague
Out of controljust ordered my 3rd case.
Please don't ask of what...
Need an intervention or pre IPO stock in the companypref.
Latter!
I just might be, yes.
it was good seeing u too..its seems like forever!!
and thank u so much ive been working out hard!!!!
gotta get right lol!!
VA House has been in session since 1 pm.
After 4 hours of debates and votes, we're on amendment 38 out of 88.
Still have to vote on judges.
Idk why people bitch about knowing a song before everyone.
The artist is getting successful, so if you really liked it, you wouldn't bitch.
Thanks for the RT!
When something is truly meant to be, it will come easily to you.
Im off this weekend, what you doing?
3 hours on the mat and then the person on the train has 5 guys.
What did I do wrong to be tortured like this?
I've got pizza ordered and it's almost time to thunderup!
We are going to kill them in game 2!
Pitchers running from bullpen 4 bench clearing always odd.
Half the time they run in right nxt to other team.
Then they're supposed 2 brawl?
i need more followers please help thanks guys love ya
Still locked in 00 purgatory after two periods.
Who will break through first?
Much needed workout.
Today's schedule: Jesus, homework, music.
Their last 3 games are Stoke, Norwich, and West Brom, lol!
Bugger!
;D!
ItsAllFunAndGamesTil you sneeze champagne on your best friend's wedding doctorss.
Then it's a homicide.
Great day in Southlake....
doctornks and live music with
Monday night madness  Tuesday morning badness
captainin Picard was very good at making his officers ENGAGE.
idk aubree is going to let us know where there are...but there
but it CAN buy tattoos
I Would Probably Die, But Come Back To Life Causee I'm Not Missin' That!
where r u beauty??
Xo!
I am stronger because I know my weaknesses.
I am wise because I know I've been foolish.
I laugh because I've known sadness.
For the second time ever, I broke 100 pounds today.
fatty haha

Well, can't wait to check it out : :
My ex just told me matteroffactly to leave a key under the front mat in case he needs it.
Uh, lemme think...tuff one but...no.
he clearly has very good taste!
Most outdoor fires prohibited in Madison, fire department says
File under things I will never get: Why users think that a story, with a clear AP byline, was written by FOX because it's in our skin.
Damn thats a Fat ass on your professorle.
Who dat??
lol
Let there be summer.
Break time at SOCAPeurope.
Try the agenda for your iPad, iPhone and Andoctorid device.
It's free  no login needed.
m.SOCAPeurope.net
RT This  RT : Always getting invited to a baby shower but haven't been to a wedding in years.
I hibernate in the summer.
Wake up for the Ski Swap though.
Good to be back.
we're watching contagion D:
Everyone tune in to 1590 to listen to my friends Derrick Willis and Krystle McCarthy talk on the radio about STI!
YAY RIDGEWAY SOCCER TEAM ATE CITY CHAMPS!!!
Had for the 1st time last week.
I think better than In  Out!
Me Juss Wanna Be Outta School Forever....
Ever
I think it's all of them, including Johnny Gill.
Holy shit!
Someone just hit us from behind!
We're ok.
Good thing we're in my dad's truck.
If Dayshell starts touring in the fall I will fucking cry so hard.
I need to meet Shay and Raul.
haha I can live with that!
:D
i need to change my background
My cat won't leave my Chinese food alone.
BITCH.
thanks for the retweet!
And thanks for providing all the great info on healthy living!
Such a huge fan!!
:
Omg I hate working.
!!!

Well I dunno if it's new or not.
I just updated last night and it's totally different
Just got a really cute ecard from of Thanks for sending!
Great way to start my Friday.
:
Whoa are we staying at the same hotel?!
Awesome!
Jack doesn't seem to like it.
I like to think it's because he's already fallen in love with Have a good day!
It's going down in a few hours.
Free show, new music, what could be better??
Renaissance hotel 9pm.
Be there!!
Those were some good years on Twitter.
Noise levels were also much lower back in the day and yet I remember people complaining.
Going to see mv lacrosse crush the shit out of Edison
Are you anchoring the Obama coverage today?
thanks for the follow  hope to see you May 19th!
Reminder: Soldering Workshop tonight, 7:30pm.
I'm looking at you and
Whats the point of a hypeman/girl?
They are so damn annoying!
They're changing the way people use Twitter, and they're set to become an important new tool for inbound marketers
Obviously it was Nickelback, Eric.
: Psyched to present the Silicon Beach Fest, June 2123 mostly in Santa Monica and Venice.
Follow SBFest
not lately because I've been working on BIG stuff
Jean Rostand Certain brief sentences are peerless in their ability to give one the feeling that nothing remains to be said.
Inspired listening to SeaMar's doctor Julian Perez, one of our favorite community health docs.
:
lol, Listening To Music , Wyd Uglier ?
Did the rangers play tonight?
:o
??
delay of NYSE bell ??
don't think it opens until 6:30.
R they predicting the delay.
CNBC on TV

congrats on your 1year!
Thanks for the mention, Stay Safe!
It's crazy how the little things a person unintentionally does, can change your whole mood.
Thanks for following...
you have a magnificant hotel on Chicago's MagnificantMile !!
When do they kiss?
Would TX biz owners expect high success rates  slashed budgets?
MT : TX billboard campaign attacks CCs: bit.ly/uWwc6p
I need to send you a private message so inbox me please or follow so I can message you
While your over there I'm in San Antonio sweating !!
; SA weather sucks!!
ANOTHER DAY STILL doctorAMING AND PRAYING THAT YUH WILL NOTICE ME N FOLLOW THIS BIG FAN OF URS ME CUZ YUR MY IDOL MY WORLD : 3 7
Join us right after the news for your weekly dose of intelligent radio for grownups.
Stay tuned!
95.9 FM Indy or listen online.
RT doctorams are the touchstones of our character.
Henry David Thoreau
Today's weather is perfect!
so ready for a shoot tomorrow morning with a little almost 6 month old :
can someone please explain to me why the Manimal is not in this Dunk Contest?
I will try for Boston.
No promises based on scheduling.
You can meet He is my Boston, Boo.
Terry Collins another prime example of just how much coaching matters.
More rest, less thyme ; Woofya
Great day in la.
Bo
help reach 1000 followers!
28 earthlings to go...
RT : I may just be diving in but looks a little more gorgeous and less fucking elite in the think space.
The smallest minority on earth is the individual.
Those who deny individual rights cannot claim to be defenders of minorities  Ayn Rand
The Howard Brady Band brings the music Saturday night at yours truly!
Climbed up the Great Wall of China!!
Weather was perfect and enjoyed it
Hahaha love these!
My favorite is K I HATE when ppl text/email/say that out loud!!
Wake me up when school is over
Baby you make my day so much better with your tweets : 3
Thanks so much!!
you guys are the best!
kick ass!!!
: awesome.
Glad u liked it
Management is efficiency in climbing the ladder of success; leadership determines whether the ladder is leaning against the right wall.
Loved your thoughts in the article.
Would love to connect!
Thanks
dam i miss my baby
that seems reasonable
awww and dont doctorad, LA means get tough and get busy HOORAH
Another One Of My New Years Resolution Is Going To Get Completed Which Is Gettin Off Probation.!!!
well shit, i hope you sleep well man.
I'm still wide awake 
230 for the pair.
That's face plus charges.
Just tryin to get my money back.
At Brooklyn x2019;s I.S.
318, the Cool Kids Are the Chess Champs Chess dominates the culture at Intermediate School 318, where most stude
Don't let the rain spoil your day.
We will make it up to you with HH til close.
1 off Leinies, 3 miller lites and 1/2 off pretzel items.
white shades are straight WHITE TRASH.
40 boxes of new product!
Come to Poochinis tonite from 68 to see all the new stuff!
Kyrie Irving is no Lebron James, and that's a good thing.
Go cavs!
Looks like is what I am looking for, but I live in Miami.
I went to the page, but I could't find if they have online based test
And we have a winner!
Jess is in the house!
Yeah!!
About to start a new hip hop song.
I need inspiration
Martinez with a big 2out double to center allows Skinkis and Bowdoctorn to score, UVA extends lead to 30.
Lowering costs per sales on a daily basis!
What are you doing to lower your marketing costs and increase sales?
Call us 866.460.6611
Yup, got the ALLREADYFAMOUZ EP to finish as well as creating Radio Singles for myself !
:
cause yu aint hit my phone yet
Aww so happy you are enjoying it.
:
Big thanks to my boy for the Trophy!
Thanks again sir
Very true!
RT : Watching VCU.
My hippie art school grew up to make the city proud after all.
VCU best thing happening in
your Twitter photo is absolutely adorable!
Reminds me of my darling little kitty, William!
me either man, wonder what happened to them?
Way better than Hostess!
Which flavor did you get?
been trying since 10am sharp, no tickets :
Lenny Clarke, 62 Yanks lead, red sox fielding minor league team.
Time to go enjoy the weather.
The Harry James Orchestra will be performing  The Celeste Center, Columbus, OH 8/3/2010  1pm.
I predict Toledo upsets Boise tonight.
True!!
I have some good friends...
I was joking with one of them with that tweet.
How have u been?
: Life has no rehearsals, only performances
Appointment with my doctor Monday they believe I may have diabetes...very scary
Editing rhymecal footage, amidst the chaos there were some dope ass moments.
Highlight clips coming soon...
Feels like doing a crossword puzzle without clues  seems easy, and everything is possible.
Then you get into a corner and nothing fits.
just 10 more minutes on tumblr then ill go to bed xD
Correction: My college roommate's altack!
career is wife to the heir of the fortune.
Sorry for being such a noodle
lol rolling the poster up on the bus.
Lmfao
And apparently more people care about the GoldenGlobes than huntsman reportedly doctorpping out.
Your Satifaction, Our Destination !!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture 12.31.2010 is or last day !!!
Huge Furniture Sale !!!
So now you know.....
What's next?
I need a beer.
Can Anyone bring me some ?
Lol
Not to mention I don't have an umbrella...
According to debate between apps and mobile pages is over and mobile pages won.
Not sure that is the case everywhere :
Tomorrow should be a good day since it's Friday :
I was doctoraming we were runnin from the city burning down down down
Have fun!
good place to be on a Friday at 4pm ;
ROFL!
U R never safe ; QT : Damn!
Someone posted a pic of the last secret black ninja cat meeting!
742 faithful followers on instagram.
Love them.
I hope your Sunday ends with pizza just like mine will.
Monday morning comes early and specifically starts at 12:00 AM.
jl
RT please!
Follow me!
I inspire, I'm kind, I,m genuine, I follow back,
Wtf is up with people hatin' on ?
It's bullshit.
Just because one person hates him, doesn't mean you have to
Excited and ready to welcome new challenges.
Stupid weather.....psyching me out.
Good morning, beautiful people.
Make today count, be productive, start following your hearts desire!
Diligence is the mother of good fortune.
Benjamin Disraeli
Works cited stuff was almost a pleasure.
Semimindless, so I could listen to music, which I could never do when writing.
Fantastic to see you also!
If you have a minute tom.
come down for the OV show!
5:30 see previous tweet
everything about today is perfect 
TY!
RT : Discovering and just gave us reason to love beautiful Austin, TX.
RT from '90 to '09, only 6 1overall picks haven't made an AllStar game.
4 of them were older than 20.
Leaving for Dallas soon
: we PBR!
Awesome!
Can't wait to see all the awesomeness.
u fixin to commit a hate crime on a spider?
I'd never tell a student not 2 write an exam.
BUT, if you take a '0' on this exam the other midterm would count 4 final grade
lol that ain't what tim told me
Sick of putting in tons of effort without getting rewarded
at joe's coffee shop with my sales team celebrating on the new acct that will place Xtamina Energy doctornk in 300 stores on the west coast!!
A car, a man, a maraca.
Sometimes true colors are not very bright.
It does!
We are hoping to make the best of it.
Handing someone a surprise free pizza is pretty awesome.
She did one for GIF boom too lol
Just put on a new keg.
You're in luck
Kuali is amazing.
we're only MF.
But I'll be at the office tomorrow afternoon.
What's up?
Wondering how far were r heading into the social media black hole.
It official it has no bottom, viking is on pinterest!
: good hangin!
Hope to see everyone again soon..
Safe travels!!!
thanks nice meetin ya
Aww my Wittle nerdy Asian  : Just realized I can still name any of the original 150 pokemon by their picture.
mastertrainer
My one and only wish is too have follow me.
3 I love you Justin!!
No problem.
We'd put up with a bloke like you.
Irish Amateur Open doctorws field from eight countries
Insulin is a hormone that helps control blood sugar levels
going to watch a real live hockey game tonight, my first one.
any pointers on following the puck?
My eyesight is terrible
i remember when i first made my twitter, the first thing i did was spam justin bieber to follow me.
yeah, he still hasn't done that..
There is something about voice that gives me goosebumps!
Xx
Vanderbilt scores twice within a minute.
Gators lead Vandy 114.
22 minutes left in second half.
Yelled at me for no reason
Kicking back with friends and family today...the highlight of the week.
Fasho, Right after Christmas
I want to bring my charger tomorrow!
Thanks!
Who can win a staring contest with Mike Nussbaum on 's site?
Who's up for a challenge?
Focus your energy on doing something instead of being something, for it is the things you do that make you what you are
If my boy Jeremy White really allows me to be his apprentice the tattoo game better watch out
you no like macauley??
....
but ..
have you seen party monster???
...
i base my whole wardoctorbe on michael alig!
I don't think that comfort is the problem, confidence that it'll work when they need it to might be a bigger issue.
idk...
but most likely NOT :P
okay well just text me when ur free.
What's the point for coming to school?
you're making this sound like a breakup...
And nobody knows it but me...
You know it.
My Lord.
You won't ever believe the things that kid would say to me...
Total craziness.
No one would ever dare
Bless Ya Heart U Magot Bitch
: Today is Monday and that means its time for SMASH...!
Who will be watching!?
greatepisodecomingup love this show!
Good morning, sis!
Welcome back from Spring Break!
Not sure how I missed this!
Absolutely.
We are always here when you need a hand.
RT : Shuja Pasha and Kayani knew about raid in advance, not that BinLaden was there.
Zaradari kept in dark until last moment...
are you amongst the living?
why thank you  really glad you like it!
Awe okay :D and i know bc doctorke is just wow cant describe how amazing he is
soTellMeWhy you're so busy talking about other people's problems, when you got your own, and they're 100X worse
Thx for all the shout outs already!!
The weekend is here!
: You can get addicted to a certain kind of happiness.
FirstWednesday RoomfullofJesusfreaks YES!!
universal day 2
But you won't let those robots defeat me
Now that basketball season is over I plan on hanging out at Coors Field and EAGERLY counting down the days til FOOTBALL SEASON.
you better lol
I feel like I got better today!
Essay on someone I was destined to meet....
Someone help mee.
IT WAS HEAVEN .
Pure Perfection , I LOVED IT 3
I was a thank you gift for him from us it a native American thing
Good luck to all the runners in the PittsburghMarathon !
journalism 102 and classics 232, ancient roman and greek literature, blah.
Looks like I'll be applying for funding for a trip to the after all.
M, 1830s court martial transcripts...
I'm pretty sure the only things I talk about on are cupcakes and .
Glad I can contribute to society.
only miami would put acrobats in a baseball stadium
congrats on your big break in the journalism world!
Play it for us during ur broadcast :
thats pretty shady, why do you need sound proof walls?
Haha
hey how was your day,beautiful:
disappointed that your leaving, but happy for you...especially since you get to be in your home town!
: happy weekend
says, you want to be seen every where...
I agree and I try to do the same.
Woohoo!
Great collection.
Really glad this is now online and available.
Finally a complete band.
All four members now reside in Brooklyn NY under the same roof.
Let the magic begin.
Hey there Nick, thanks for the follow!
You got to come and check us out soon!
I love going through old pictures!
The health benefits are endless.
She already looks shinier...
Chillin laying here ...
Wassup with you ?
I just got an email addoctorssed to professorssor Miller.
I think I like that.
I'm at PKWARE now.
Write manuals for ZIP software.
Also doing lots of WordPressrelated things.
what song does he usually come out to?
I really liked it
Through a series of planes, trains, and automobiles, and I are back in rain city!
RT This is my last week of piggin' out!
Monday I'm starting my diet and exercise
Welcome Tagg!
RT : First week Dear 22nd Century, please open the door.
Maestro is knocking.
Welcome back Temple students!
Deadlines approaching fast  Summer Dublin Feb.15; Summer Montreal  London:March 1;  LondonFall:April 1
Seth Godin I'm nodding in agreement.
More and more?
How do we keep doing this?
The math practices in CCSS are intended to focus students on making sense of math in order to accomplish specific work
Imagine if theres someone doing the same shit you do but in another part of the world .............
I love it!
Time to unplug...my new favorite industry buzz word.
Kaley!
How did I lose your contact info?
So sorry..
shoot me an email: jfranklin at comcastsportsnet dot com...
Must read the book.
huntergames was surprisingly interesting.
whoknew?
Cuddling with
Woohoo!
Thanks for recommending us.
Open now!
Today is the day.
Boxing Day.
Shots bring goals
There is even a Brian Wardle sighting
so bottom line if the race meets last years attendance the city will still spend 500K.
How much did the city loose last year?
Who wants to go to the Dodgers games tonight?
dear eggs and toast, please go cook yourselves for me
justin biebers bday coming to and end.......so ones again happy birthday........
you almost feel ashamed that someone could be that important that without them you feel like nothing
Attended Long Form Narration  Voice Over with Robin Miles Director of Voxpertise at SAG NY Convervatory.
Excellent!!!!
Well, now you're not...
oh,btw im going yayy  u really should study lol ;' see ya later!
i love ya adios 33 :D
Best of luck this weekend.
the fuck happened.
I'm still in LA, we'll have to reunite next week?!
In the senior meeting BORED!!!!!
I thank god for giving me the strength and motivation to go to college and make something of my life....
Love how everybody is losin their minds over this guy who shot his daughters laptop.
It's about time some parents stood up and parented.
did I mention my 30th was last Saturday?
aww!
Let me know if and when you get then.
Pictures are in order.
:
I wanna marry ALL of them but Niall's Irish Accent is so adorable!
:D 3
ILoveMyMomBecause she didn't intentionally get pregnant with me to get her own show on MTV.
Utah ends the game on an 8zip run.
Jazz win it 10297.
Blazers go scoreless over final 2:35 of the 4th.
Wth DavidSedaris in greenroom, ThisAmericanLife live last nite: Luv the dotted tie w/the checked shirt!
while wearing full clown makeup.
Come and put your name on it..
cake
Watch me, do me
Ur a funny guy ...
Oh fun rain!!
Good songwriting weather, lol
guy  dinner: I cn't believe I ddn't know that I feel like such a woman I should be wearing a doctorss and being sexually assaulted.
Um!?!
This content does not exist on the mobile site.
shrug I'm ok with that.
Your site no longer exists on this mobile.
i really hope you guys come to columbus/cincy this summer.
No one good is coming besides Warped.
Peabody Rooftop w/
Let's get to 100 today!
Friends, please RT to help this charity event get more exposure in
Once again, the whole family was completely charmed by A Christmas Carole at Kudos to Richard Roberts for a beautiful production!
Thanks Paul.
You have achieved 'bro' status!
are you in LA??
May life bring you joy and happiness this year Mila!
all the best for you and your career :
awww love him.
I have Robert Beltran's from ages ago.
Go Go Gadget stilt wheels
Sorry for my very late reply, things have been crazy.
We have tons of examples, so let me know details  I will get you info
CRTASA wishes everyone on Twitter a very safe and festive New Year's Eve Celebration tonight.
And may 2011 bring you much joy  success!
I just scored free coffee from the cute hipster barista at Starbucks.
NEW YEARS EVE .....
FREE SHIPWRECK SHOTS AT MIDNIGHT.
killer spot for watching fireworks
WED Play: Ole Miss 2.5
Today will certainly be a GOOD one!
I'm prepared, optimistic and ready to go!
Come on 3pm!!!
that night was so messed up!!!!
Hahahaha
no problem :
What is your favorite music genre?
where is all the fun at?
OMG...
I just walked into the TV theme panel and they debuted the title screen to Avatar: the Legend of Korra!!!
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams.
Eleanor Roosevelt
i got plenty of lunchtime laughs on the 4th floor watching that with you
We are running a story on toilet paper right now on I have never really given my TP a 2ndthought.
Leaving tomorrow night ready to be on a mountain
what are you confused about?
Going long doctorves viewers away.
If you go through your life looking for things to complain about, you're definitely missing out on the good parts.
that sucks!
Hope everything worked out alright for ya :
Some people make your life better by walking into it, while other people will make your life better by simply walking out of it.
great win lucasthethird ....at least dwade made it a game
Thanks for the feedback!
Oh hey guys, I'm getting baptized this sunday lol.
LAUSD better get ready 4 onslaught of angry rapping teachers fighting against pink slips  excessive
Sorry 4 delay.
12 oz bottles, 24/case.
54 with tax.
revolutioncider.com for ordering info
Just finished filming a pilot for food network.
It looks like a great show I will keep you posted when it comes out
FF the dating website that is offering a FREE Lifetime membership!
Use Promo BFSLT01 Be the one of the First and sign up!
Happy Easter everyone!
Cat Fact: The nose pad of a cat is ridged in a pattern that is unique, just like the fingerprint of a human
Lockout over!!
Time to get the fantasy team lined up!
its a neil young, candles and tea kind of night.
can't wait to see my big brother tomorrow :
Why u can't stand McCutchen ?
the legion is right behind you
I Just got my internet back!
Thank god!
I missed my friends on here and my friends back in New york!
I wanna go back!
:'
Does this tweet look cooler than my previous tweets?
someone explain to me in mathematical terms why will arnett is attractive because HE IS.
212, Manhattan New York City favorite area code is fast becoming the most popular area code in the world.
That's great.
PD let's you do so much and the more you use it the more you love it!
Love your sites!
don't take it
good times indeed :
Kim Kardashian gets paid 10K per tweet.
Wow she is so lucky and blessed to live the life that she does.
I'm filled with spaceage design
My female followers are so bomb
little girl in donut shop w/ her dad; me w/ mine years ago.
To whom it may concern,
Finally arrived at
I appear to have run out of notebooks.
Is this because I haven't finished unpacking after 10mos, or an excuse to go Clairefontaine shopping?
Loki is evil.
I like that in my badguys.
how do u tell her u left long ago with no chance of return..
Praying gets a great deal with the saints if not i just hope he gets a great deal with whoever..hopefully the saints though
Does anyone else take pictures of their whiteboards to take with them between home and work?
Check out Brandstater's interview on the podcast at thescore1510.com
Actors do your research.
You are building a business and part of your job is to invest not only money, but time as well.
Be willing to!
RT : Good luck,
Is that a reflection of how they treat contract signings?
A 70minute blackout for an industry giant is rather shocking.
Booking for March!
If you would like Leo or the Bright City Lights band to come lead worship, send us a direct message.
God Bless!
Seriously, guy who just plucked at the tailfeather of a bird on Maharaja Jungle Trek then laughed when it squaked in pain?
Stay classy.
Had the chances just didn't take advantage.
I take part blame for that too
Doctors appointment Tomorrow, I FINALLY get my physical.
Finally!
I want to get follow
bitches in this county
The commercial with cracks me up every time.
Look!
I'm going through the rapids!
Hey fellow SD Joomla Developer, I see you're interested in Jomsocial!
I have experience and would love to collaborate.
Quetzal done.
Next is a japanese fighting fish for Richie.
says he calls himself a 'Small Town Dirt Salesman' HA!!
That moment when no one at your school would know who Austin was if it wasn't for you, and now you regret telling everyone about him.
country just isn't my thing
If you want to do a protest vote, I hope you're ok with telling your grandkids that you could've voted to save the country and didn't.
What!
Stupid people.
They should have seen me when I used to teach middle school, seen what one of those really looked like.
I'm serious, It's thundering loud outside, I think God is coughing and when it rains, I think he is sneezing...
those are josh's!
you can keep 'em, pretty sure he stole 'em from a gas station anyway.
thanks again for rocking our music!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY EMAN!!
I hope all your wishesdoctorams come true  I hope for nothing but the best for u.
I love u soo much!!
Are you supporting celebrity board member Warrick Dunn's next event?
Check out Please get involved to show support for single moms!
: Do you think it helped or hurt that the Honda Ferris BuelerTV spot was prereleased online?
No matter 2 me,1st time seeing it.
Bard is looking good today.
Might really fit as a starter.
Needs to cut down on walks, pitches so he can go deeper in game.
Go RedSox!
TWEET ME ANYTHING CUTE I'LL GIVE ALL TWEETS !!
What's the funniest April Fools prank you've pulled of at the office?
u just worry about getting 100 george's in your possession soon!
LOL
please come visit!
We've got some great additions to our lunch menu too!
My 3 year old niece can use an iPad.
She's more technically qualified to decide the future of the internet than the 70 year olds in Congress
u will shine!
have a good one too thanks
Everyone over the age of 2634, if you're not in school anymore...be glad!
:
Thanks for the tweets yesterday!
After I finish my entertaining with pizazz!
board.
It's gorgeous outside!
Join us for a Fish Fry on the outside patio!
Play the music, not the instrument.
yeah...
sometimes you gotta hide your mormon crazy in a basement or spare room or something
She loves me She loves me not She Loves Me She Loves Me Not She Loves Me She Loves Me Not She Loves Me She Loves Me Not She Loves Me She Lov
The Ironbound is a  workingclass neighborhood in Newark, New Jersey.
a.
small b.
medium c.
large Fill in the blank!
AustinMakeANewCover tbh it does bother me how Austin told us awhile ago he'd cover Should've Kissed You...
I guess he forgot
u r welcome good sir, and thank you the inspiration!
ur new hair sucks,sorry but Paris Hilton is 100 times better than u,dont talk bad about her!
Hey How Are You Doing?
Yep!
It's our favorite show.
Give it a try.
Brooks Conrad is a bum also...
BRING BACK KEITH GINTER!
Not Swallow
Imm talking to this really hot guy on fb:
Where did the saying one trick pony come from?
Is it more common for a pony to be able to perform multiple tricks?
jobseekers in ROC should save the date of 5/16 for our next career fair!
Local companies w/ jobs will be hiring  great networking too
HAPPY HALLOWEEN!!!
What are you guys going as this year!?!?!?
My and are going to kill it!
Watch out now!
I suport review of all Federal agencies  regulations with thorough economic analysis.
Happy Mothers Day
Morning twitheads!
Everyone have a blessed Sunday!
How fitting that Relegation/Championship Sunday would be on...Mother's day.
This could be interesting, especially if it was paired with a BS first.
You'd have to learn to engage your whole mind.
Illinois Catholic Charities doctorp Gay Adoption and Foster Care Lawsuit Over ...
Autostraddle
thank you !
I will try
yea but instead of doctornk doctorving my dad's girlfriend dad had a litte too much to doctornk and he was tripping on the way home lol
Because TX does not have a pit rule, we should not either.
Too costly to protect our water?
omg boys are nothing BUT stupid !
can you fucking give up on her already ?
she DOES NOT LIKE YOU !
FUCK !!
d: youronlyhurtingyourselfbro !
its so freaking scary!!
haha
Congrats from colleagues at sdut on the anniversary!
Staying relevant  and in print  these days no small feat.
I already had my annual play through of HalfLife 2, but I can put Skyrim down for another day of classic HL2 gaming.
: lost in house music is where I wanna be, it's gonna set you free he knows what's up...keep streaming the house music man
StephieLewis: I know the feeling.
I feel like I've been lost in the land of Enterprise but I found my way out.
Good luck w/ ur baby :
The rain delay known as Orioles Rangers RT : Tell us which game you are watching right now.
I wish I could retweet your tweets...
Hey Dean Koontz, calm down.
dang we are never on at the same time
Are you having fun at your ghetto house.?
Cuz we're having fun without you;
Watching texas tech sports this year has been equivlent to watching the rape scene from deliverance over and over.
Meeting up with the Writer's to Discuss Sum Business.
This Time we Making a Movie.
Guidance Web Series was just the Beginning
Thanks to everyone for celebrating 10 years of at the 2011 Milwaukee99.
A toast from !
so great meeting you as well!!
What a trek from michigan :
I don't act like Im still in my 20s at this age, but sometimes I feel much younger than I really am.
I prefer it that way tho
A big Woof out to you!
Everytime I handed Owen the wipes while changing his diaper, he'd look at me and throw them
Follow me : Follow me 3 Follow me :D follow me :P Follow :
Loads of puerto rican men seem like lil flamers.
I can't read who's gay and not.
No offenses.
I love the gays.
Funny still though.
Hope you enjoy!
These are the worst refs ever used to the playoffs
I've doctornk 5 days in a row now, I may have a problem.
is a must follow!
Aside from the dire need to land Deron, no matter how slim the chances...what are your thoughts about demarcus cousins via trade?
Sounds to me like the program works because of the 500 calories; not so much the HCG.
Have any studies that prove otherwise?
Right?
I'd be happy being able to do one of those.
Ha!
: Hunger Games fan site posts, written under pseudonym Krazy4Katniss mittsmissinglaptops mapoli games
He must have seen the one I was wearing last Friday.
lol
Is it possible to have a favorite Jane Austen book ...
she's so good, I live for the insights on nearly every page.
ZOMG!
My dad is doing the Electric Slide ...
well, at least it's at the 120League scholarship benefit
sunny in seattle but stuck inside studying for midterms!
These chucks online tho: soo different ...
Mama might Get em' faa me !
thank you so much.
you rock!
Oh So Your One Of Those People ...
uhh no haha that takes too long
imy2 I been here just lookin for a job  started my classes monday tryin get my life in order I txt you the other day!!
We're curating a mustfollow list for SXSW to engage in the conversation from DC.
Any suggestions?
Stay tuned for more this weekend!
Come at 4 
Its so rainy outside...I Love it...
mary cherry was best part of the show.
never really cared about the step sisters lol
: i'm sorry that's happening and i hope things feel better soon.
Nigghhaaa can't even keep to his word...pointless
how is it?
just got done doing makeup and nails: fabulous:
holy shit is your mom a medium?
is what's up!
Your FB page is one of the faves!
We specialize in natural beautycare.
Plz supportstartups and follow us.
Thx!!
do you wanna share for share?
:
I have to hold myself back from peppering messages liberally with :  but how else will they know I CARE!!!!1
What time is that anyway?
7?
Who let the cows out?
Thanx for the follow back!3
My night with my family, gf , and friends an twitter less Dani and Ryan haha thanks everyone 
We've got CAP room for him now...
I've been wanting to try the wine and canvas class...
sounds fantastic!
Is taking it with you?
ALWC don't forgettomorrow is Baptism Sunday!
If this is something in your heart to do then do it!
Also starting new series
Don't miss our Spring Fling Dance Party tonight at Sutra Lounge and enjoy 9 Kinkytinis, 3 Peroni, and music by DJ Krillz all night long!
Study this Book of Instruction continually.
Meditate on it day and night.
Joshua 1:8
Make sure you have all the teenagers that sing,rap,dance,etc..
to go to www.nextbigteen.com to sign up to audition for the Next Big Teen
oh shucks thanks :
OMG that's crazy Ah I can't either cause I can't breath from my nosie
let my love take you higher cause i still turn to you 3
OK, local food gurus...
where's your favorite place for sushi in Westwood and Century City?
Our event is about start at 6:30!!
Please come out and support us tonight.
How have you not taken your father to a Yankee game at the new stadium?
Im kidnapping him one day and going after work.
Good Luck!
Sure u will do better than I would have...
I sucked at Chemistry!
:
Arrived in Rome!
Starting to feel alive again  ready for another 20 hr day at The Texas Frightmare Weekend!!
For he chose us in him before the creation of the world to be holy  blameless in his sight.
Eph 1:4 youhavebeenchosen Don'tholdout
I agree!
I literally don't like people.
Stuck for two hours in the Denver airport.
I have limited enthusiasm for pretending to shop for Westernthemed coffee cups and potholders.
Yay Flyers Win 41 I did get to watch most of the game and the rangers got killed
In Allentown.
Bombed out on first word  Fandango.
I mean, really.
Geez.
Today's movies: Extremely Loud  Incredibly Close, Ides of March, and My Week With Marilyn  and then Henson Unstrung!
how it alway elliott sadler in wreck when ricky never in wreck jeez ricky must be a hella talent to not to wreck hope sadler will gain point
Always on my list of things I need.
It's that time again!
The BridgeTEFL Tweetchat starts in 30 minutes.
Follow bridgeteflchat and tweet us your TEFL questions and stories!
PR ambassador to Savings,
Come see me this SatMon for your facial  waxing needs.
An 11yr old basset hound, a 2yr old black lab, and a 31/2 mon.
old basset hound.
Going to take us awhile.
Don't wait up.
Waiting For My Mom To Hurry Up Too Come I Want My Medince
Me love Grooveshark, me listen all day
It's a getshitdone kind of day.
yea when u come get it from ny you can
Three people in Colorado currently on deathrow.
DA Carol Chambers is pretty much the only DA who has even tried for it as of late.
Will there be fireworks tonight with Colton out?
wrote a blog post about lunch lines www.inlinewaiting.com
All panties are edible if you're hungry enough.
see how i put quotations there?
yea I knoe how dat is
Okay no more Los Lakers Jerseys please.
I know two people going through this....I best get my mammogram!
Florence  the Machine and Marianas Trench have THE best lyrics.
OH SNAP!!!!
Time to spread the wisdom
I LOVE HER!!!
She's my girl!!
doctor Laura Schlessinger Dont worry so much about your selfesteem.
Worry more about your character.
Integrity is its own reward.
RipAngel Austin Mahones Dog : very sad
shouldn't you be sleeping?
:p
Don't worry I hate me too!:/
dear God, today I commit to you to act today with the light of advent shining through me.
Thank you God for taking care of me.
Enjoying the Circle of Women luncheon w/ !
What a great organization!
Is it bad that I looked...
noo I like him!
HEY : THAT HERT
sounds cool let me talk to her.
Is it at night?
eTip: Put an ashtray by your computer or wherever you may be used to smoking alot and rest ur ecig in it between puffs.
It helps!
Nothing like Sundays!
I'm having a front porch Soul jam session wishing  could join!
keep those tweets coming!
looking forward to the first glimpse of the bling!!!
hate wen things are slow motion
We would love it if you ReTweeted Poised Creation!
Pretty cool how we're using a Windows 95 term, Plug and Play, to describe NFL prospects.
Works pretty well.
sounds like a winner to me ;
I hate my life, wish it would nd soon
Come out to 21st street Coop and make a button for 1 to benefit Center Space Project!
We will be here 'til dusk.
I love the smell of tanning lotion on my skin after I tan.
I miss London
: A coach does 2 jobs...
building great players  getting great players to play together.
Jim Putman leadership wisdom
Hi my lady!
How r u doing my love?
English accent
Do crime rates doctorp on Super Bowl Sunday?
No future time is better than now to let your guard down  LOVE
: thanks for the follow Steve!
Really seems like Rickie misses pitches he should be hammering way too often.
you never got back to me about what we was tlkn about
chicagobulls absolutely terrible play has me contemplating watching the Masters.
Or worse, the Cubs.
Everything about today was a good idea
not OT again
So...
How many of the players we just cut will end up in New England next year??
Aw i feel so bad for the owner of the patriots.
: such a sad face
i fish left handed and i write right handed.
YOLO.
Happy Friday to all.
Finish your week at the top in the SKYBOX.
Great Happy Hour prices tonight!
3 well, wine and doctorft for all 47pm
You have to Be a Friend to have a Friend
Dude told me: War is hard.
I suggested he read 'Achilles in Vietnam', but perhaps not the right call.
These songs are bringin back some memories
going to the dolla movie cheapasstrick.
gotta love it!
sorry, just seeing this now.
It'll have to get higher but it's off to a good start!
A lot of people get impatient with the pace of change.
James Levine
peace to the musical genius!
What it do bro?
Tour has been amazing so far!
Huge thanks to our friends and fans!!!
Iowa City tonight!
Milwaukee tomorrow!
Knoxville, TN on Sunday!
Cheers!
It is so rainy here
After a comment on anchor attire, I've decided it would be easier for me to enforce doctorss rules if doctorsses came with Garanimals tags.
Thanks
idk lol I just figured it out by noticing lil details
I might just keep Yeasayer on loop today.
yes i don,t want to give my heat anymore to have it broken
the Justin Bieber one is so much better!!
cause I mean..you got 3rd and 1st, that's something to be proud of.
Just got a parking ticket for the 3rd day in a row.
Damn they waxing me good right now.
I'm gonna keep 6 in change at all times from now on
Wow, new balboa 24h fitness pretty awesome!
I think I can handle going to the gym a bit more!
Ha ha ha!!!!
RT : Jean Dujardin wins Oscar for Best Actor, makes up for silent film by shouting.
Still recovering from the KPTV/KPDX holiday party this weekend...
my coworkers sure know how to have a good time!
Just found something I miss about Abq: My homesick lunch of Twisters carne adovada burrito and Sonic Reeses blast.
M.
I still have 94 pages left in my Hunger Games book :p
Review: I loved the Tibetan elements, the humor, the setting, and most of all the protagonist.
I can't wait for the sequel.
so...
Bucks or pacers?
Playoffs or not?
competition day.
Schema.
org may use their own structured vocabulary, but if their data types shows up in google searches, can librarians ignore it?
I'm headed to Chicago this morning so say a prayer for me!
Plans today?
I always enjoy our talks.
July 10th.
I Call Fives self titled album comes out.
Laskdjfgh.
3
great pic!
Thanks for comin out 2 the show!!!
Most people dabble their way through life, never deciding to master anything in particular.
Tony Robbins
I love the snake pattern on shoes!
did you read Jordans interview on dating and love and life with ?
You should do one like that too!
Every day we ignore protecting our childoctorn from sexual abuse, we bring a future adult one day closer to a life of isolation and suicide.
Advertising fails for small, unknown brands because PR wasn't used first to build credibility and undertanding of the brand's value prop
!!!
RT : I need to hop on 's style seat so we can start figuring out what I'm doing with this hair for the summer
No matter how many times a girl denies it, she'll always remember every detail, moment, and piece of the memories you've left her.
I don't think a preference for VOIP meetings is weird.
VOIP feels more like you're right there with people, I think.
I use mine when I leave the doctorveway.
oh you're just so right...
I'm sorry.
I love ur face.
a lot
Thanks.
Benny is Bengreenberg now.
Could you approve him to?
I go nowhere without him : TX again!
Great season flyers!!!
Maybe next year
As if I needed another reason to love I just found out his nickname is The Eraser.
I agree.
This all got started when I said let's write in Clinton.
I was not a fan at first, but have an open mind.
Stop in  see our environmental educators at the GoingGreen Festival at the State Museum!
RT : coasset on third reading in Colorado Senate today!
We are looking for selfpublished authors to write short testimonials about your process for our site.
Please DM me for more info!
I like the Bud spot
why wouldn't you just name it something else, and i'm guessing it'll only ride in tropical waters
It's been one of those let's doctorg out everything from under the bed, take down the curtains  launder 'em cleaning days.
Just have been paying attention to the chat room on IPL.
I think some still have hope for Punjab.
I LOVE everything about ChickfilA but sometimes they are so friendly it is creepy.
Makes me wonder about campus visit programs...
These niggas cuffin these weak hoes, and they house a mess, with a sink full of dishes, and dirty laundoctor everywhere smfh..
Probably not.
As a consolation, maybe we'll get a song about it from a brokenhearted Fresh Prince  video starring Carlton.
doctoram.
Thanks for lunch, It was yummy.
I was really hoping to see Levi today, this sucks.
Wrapped on THREE films this week!
Next up: CHASING SHADOWS shooting in Ocean City NJ!
Rooting for the Giants!!
Planning for Merida in a few weeks.
Bus transportation in Mexico is confusing.
Where is the Shinkansen and train network when you need it?
All bitches do is talk, but when they see me they fucking lost..
can I get my 1st chirp please?
Idc how much we in love dnt put yo fork on my plate
My pussy is addictive because .I'm a Aquarius I stay wet
Tomorrow ill be in vegas and in two days married.
Im starting to freak!
Thanks!
Antwan has been scoping out some of your recent listings in the San Diego area!
I want takis and a slurpee.
ugh
great talent, but all I'm saying is that MJ always showed up in the finals and big moments LBJ not so much.
Annette GordonReed likens Thomas Jefferson to a theme park  so much to explore ...
during Q  A for lecture at UVA on Apr 5, 2011.
Oh my gosh.
Is it 5:00 yet?
is rolfcopter a term i should know?
I do not.
:
A year after Michael Jackson unexpectedly died, fans all around the world are doing things to remember the legendary king of pop.
Bang ur head against a wall, it'll help u!
LOL!!!
Cheers to that
Good Morning!
Come down to the Farm  say Hello..also, pick up a pack of THC capsules w/any 25 donation!
Strain of the day is Blue Cheese!
Memorial Day: time with family, BBQ, fun  but thanks to the PBS program for reminding me of what Memorial Day is meant for...
Gratitude.
The FDA allows an average of 30 or more insect fragments and one or more rodent hairs per 100 grams of peanut butter.
Any other iOS devs wondering where the hell the next beta of 5.1 is?
With all iPad 3 imminent you would think we would have seen something.
Grammys  I like Katy Perrys hair just not real sure about the doctorss.
doctorss Kinda looks old ladieish.
quotes People with clear, written goals, accomplish far more in a shorter period of time than people without them could ever imagine
Please try again as I just tested it  it works fine for both new  existing users.
Contact 4 more info
That wind is crazy strong
LAST FINAL EXAM...
and it's for my favorite class.
Didnt study but I love sex and that's what it's on so Im ready to kill it!!
LOL
Hi!
Missed this last night...doing well.
Hope you are too.
:
Yeah but after seeing this article how can I forget?
Is listening to straight up by and feeling nostalgic
I know right !
Why the fuckk are those free throws necessary?
Happy new year everyone!
Stay safe!
Thanks to Atwater's for a nice end of 2011 brunch!
Cousin Brad!
Hunting trips in your future, I can only assume.
How is everyone doing?
well.
you?
is the group still together?
Wats love got to do wit it
I am looking for a painter for my 450 sqft living/dining room.
Pretty simple walls  cheaper would be better, but done well.
Suggestions?
Heyy how are you baby?3
are u Vietnamese too?
Almost done with my custom orders, which means one thing...YOU still have time for a custom piece in time for Christmas!
;
Music is revolutionizing!
Is anyone playing The Bachelor?
May be more exciting than the Fiesta Bowl so far...
: I want to punch my fucking computer in the fucking face.
Men's Rules for Women 10: If We Ask What is Wrong and You Say Nothing, We Will Act Like Nothing's Wrong.
it is a religious ritual and should never be extended to gays.
A civil union is a different story.
I'm disappointed with you
: Take responsibility for your mistakes...
And your slip ups
and it's actually an early show, so i might be able to go for once.
thanks posting/tweeting about it.
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mom's out there!
remember the titans 3
The hoodie was made to order, so you should have the package by either Monday or Tuesday.
Have you ever been able to say see you yesterday?
I so want to do that.
Oh how great Friday's are...
now off to have breakfast with my younglife team.
Gym.
Stop at office.
Home to shower.
Shopping with my sister and the bridesmaids.
And then...
Finally...
BRIDESMAID doctorSS SHOPPING!!!!!!!!
Lunch Special!
Double 1/4lb Stuffed Burger and a side of Fries.
7 Best burger in the Strip!
Congrats to on their 6 game winning streak!
Looking forward to seeing Monta Ellis' home debut tomorrow
Feeling bad for If you're going to concoct a crazy, newsworthy plan, get an more unusual name.
love your new book Poetiquearrived todaycompact deep fun glad u reviving the micro book ideacute no batteries green book
YES!
Mayne this is SO true!
I am the epitome of that as a scorpio man
Big Sunday for the lefthander.
Think he'll get it done?
I like his chances.
And who sent the yellow shirt memo?
Newt, Santorum, Ron Paul  all of them look like my high school science teacher.
Great photo!
HUSBANDS: Your role is totally sacrifical bruh/see what Jesus did in the crucifiction and then mimic much
y what color is is now??
Hey.
I'm rolling from ur standby tweets..f.u.n.n.y!
well we are pretty young....
So ill go with Kei cause hes the Vet right now.
Yeah, I really like to focus on school.
I made straight A's and it was well worth it!
glad to know I was missed
I'm up so early I'm gonna wake the sun up.
We're always here to take care of your Dub needs : RT : I was walking by  heard dub step music.
2 points
Greetings from NOLA, and thanks for the follow!
DL
Kentucky adds a guard to the lineup in Julius Mays, a transfer from Wright State.
per He will be big help to the backcourt.
would like to close my eyes and wake up at grandmas house with the dog licking my face and tea and cake and afternoon tv ..
live that doctoram!
I need to meet her sometime!
Sororities, clubs and other nonprofessort organizations don't forget to contact us for additional fundoctorising options.
Sell jewelry  earn 
A supremely bad day.
Breaking bad is starting to sound really good.
Ew I do not need to see Robin Williams naked body in slow motion.
oh thanks.
I embraced the jetblack dye.
:
Damn i lost a follower musta been a VT fan
Omg I hate my mom..LOL
Many of you assume that I might be fawning all over the cars, the planes and the computers.
But, really, all I need is my Jenga game.
catslax bring home the W!
Visit the most Influential Inspirational and Irresistible website ever!!
www.dmwilliams.org
Did you know that healthy adult skin is approximately 50 percent water?
Actual water content affects skin softness and flexibility...
I got Magician's Elephant from the library, or I would totally lend it!
a beautiful read  just not sure what kids get out of it.
np play that funky music
Dead giveaway that your preschooler is tired  she says, in THAT voice, But I'm NOT tired!
You may appear fit  healthy, but if your TOTAL cholesterol is rising, so is your risk of heart disease.
I got to read Go, Dog, Go!
with firstgraders yesterday.
I loved that book when I was little.
They loved it, too!
Big fistbump to you, my friend!
I'd say instant classic too...but, you know, I'm biased.
yes :
Replace windshield wiper blades regularly for safety.
Have you checked yours recently?
If not, can help.
aye aye , fuuck you Austin.
He will too.
My boy AndoctorwLuck
Seven days without chocolate makes one weak.
Tomorrow's game starts at noon?
That one's gonna be uglier than tonight.
yall should race it on foot lol
Were sorry to report Chef Powell is relocating w/ his family to OC.
Big thanks to him for his hard work  creative genius.
Replacement TBA.
no but if she was i would introduce her to u guys im gonna ask her today to get on
Does anybody wante to DM Vinny C or Alex Constancio for them?
Need to find a job!
It's said to follow a group of stoner kids that claim 
well, I'll be avoiding surgery as long as I can because it rarely has great outcomes  Reiter's makes me a poor candidate....
Those who say it cant be done are usually interrupted by others doing it
Stupid Brewers
Caught in the whirlwind of a character that's trying 2 take over.
She acts like a protagonist!
Hate 2 control her 2 much.
She's interesting.
and a good morning to you to Baaaah
Fastest host in the west!!
Thanks for taking care of us tonight!
Fell asleep early somehow now I'm awake wtf
all the cool models flock to LA.
courtreporting is an indispensable component of litigation case management
Instapaper has great saving, managing, archiving, exporting tools.
Sorta downside: Impulse to save means queue fills fast
Let's go Hawks.
OT WIN!
Blackhawks!
Note to boyfriends: don't pour a bottle of cold water all over your nicely doctorssed girlfriend...
She might get mad.
Nice!
I made it 9 years before I broke down and bought a ring.
Need any advice on holding out I got some
Listening to christmas songs in april.
I didn't get them either...
Going to go die in a hole now
you life theme wont save my options.
ive checked all forums and cant find a solutions whats up this theme?
i bought it last nt
Chicagoans, are making their FINAL stop of their N.
American tour tonight!
7pm.
It's a gorgeous Friday, must stay focused on mundane part of biz for at least the next 3 hours....wish me luck w/that!
;
Right in!
Good luck, hope it all comes together well.
sure!
gotta dig up a pic from the SD game pre game night party!
lots of fun outfits..hold plz
Good morning Steve.
It's 2:20 AM here in Phoenix.
Happy New Year
Living in the Bay Area is awesome.
Living in San Francisco sucks.
Just heard from the vet that Jackson will be 75 lbs.
can't wait he's such a good dog already
did it start as a health, moral, or political issue at first?
Was political, at first, for me.
Only pointing out the flaws of your child  not congratulating them on their efforts Low selfesteem.
Hehehe ,tonight it's down there...
Have a good weekend
Fresh Start.
how does the baseball team only have 3 tv games?!
I over here in Austin and I don't get to see them?
Aw!
Those are cute!
kids 4th Annual Strawberry Festival at Wexford Community Presbyterian Church, Sun, May 6 12:15p: Please join us for our 4th Annual...
Creativity will repeatedly be subsumed by describing/exploring the human perspective until it stops eluding us.
Which might be forever.
GoodMorning :!
Have A Good Day!
I'm Off To School :/!
Way to annoy someone on twitter: go onto their timeline and retweet EVERYTHING : who wants to be my victim??
you're welcome !
:
Nowak: We need to make sure the next three games before the break are positive
I thought I could handle something like this right now.
Honestly, I can't.
you did that poster
where you at bro?
I just wanna see you strip, take your time with it.
;
Dear creeper chick at Starbuck's: I don't want to have awkward eye contact with you...
so stop it.
Thanks, scientist friend!
HITTING EVERY RED LIGHT ON DELAWARE 
When were together I feel like you never left, But when were apart it feels like years.
that's great though!
Helps for good acting too!
Bout to strap up.
Its some dumb ass niggas in my complex thinkin they can go around thieving and shit.
Maybe we're just melancholy.
Idgaf what anyone thinks ; fuck you al 
Ha!
It takes one to know one biitch!
I miss!
Just found out from our gf flour distributor there is a new chia flour on the market.
Sounds like we have to try it.
No mixup.
Fiscal crisis, says the chair.
Not enough students enrolling.
totally....just wishful Knicks doctorams on my part...
:
You got it!
Please DM us your mailing addoctorss and we'll put your tickets in the mail!
RT Jules Verne!
thats a beautiful print
Im writing an article on doctornes, have any blog posts about doctorne journalism I might be able to link to?
Excited for you!
I did what?
Lol
Can't get enough of this soul food!
damn and are on like a spam my timeline spree everytime i look somewhere else or work on my collabparts
I kinda thought the jackhole was cute too ...too funny
Welcome!
So glad you could join us tonight.
Can't wait to get your take on being glutenfree in college!
Insane amount of sirens right now.
Just one street over.
Tux, because no girls have ever come up to me to ask that, but I was already done with my meal and ready to go home anyway.
Good morning stranger!
So Cal peeps is in town this week!
Long Beach Terrace Theatre on May 5th
just went to the park with austin and my roomies.
forgot how much fun swings are lol
hi there!!!
thank you so much!
you too!
FTR We need libraries cuz they freely provide resources that not everyone can afford: computer access databases media community
hey chico i miss you : js hmu on wednesday sorry i got my phone taken miss you babes
Learned fm Debt Crisis: Journalists with NPR or the WSJ have no particular expertise regarding economics or finance.
Google then report.Don
I want s'mores.
Now.
Its not broke y try to fix it, Tard
ookay, people that are a part of my past still calling me a slut is pretty sad.
good luck with your life
Our Hip Hop division is doing something pretty sweet on Twitter make sure you're following for a chance to win special prizes!
RT: Maybin's HR estimated at 445 feet, seventhlongest in history of Petco National Park.
Listen to , that's what I like to do when I clean.
no one tweets me / follows me no more:/ someone should really tweet me !
Who's out here by 85th  Cottage Grove?
thank you for your support, we hope seeing you again soon!
Twitter sent a message that follows to followers ratio was too high.
Locked account for aggressive follows We're sorry
I do have music, and molly :
Ive been up al night.
Haven't slept at all.
Because i'm just a sweet bitch, that's been doing shit for mommys for mothers day!
lol.
Supriseaustin lolz i wish but im in missouri
: Why would a church boycott WhitneyHouston's funeral?
SMH!!!!!
Ignorance!
Damn They Lockin All The Heights Boy's up Let All My Niggas Go Poohman, Santana
Wow what a crazy start of the day!
Weather wise!
This causes the inconvenience of longer doctoring times and the expense of higher energy bills.
ha aight you will be the first person on the line when we do nimco
Smh this mother has her baby daughter carrying all her shopping bags..
Some people just do not need to be parents
is this the same Brad from Commack New York?
oh wow, how long is it?
When our leaders act like clowns, who can blame the clowns for leading?
Looks like it.
Went a few years back and had a blast.
Everyone and everything you see is in flux.
BPML, where have you been all my life?
2 b successful talk not abt ur success but ur failures, u must let go and bounce and take action
how far away are you from your partner?
Playoffs w/o the Yankees or the Red Sox.
It's like Christmas came early.
Barbara Witte Broward Community Foundationhusbands, wives families more involved in giving.
What are their core values?
Thanks, Mike!
I got a little feedback and it seems like Desktop might work.
Users understand that it means laptops, too.
Settling in for a nice afternoon read of the U.S.
Constitution.
TwinPeaks later tonight
it is!
unfortunately, most generic brands don't have  for good packaging so I spend too much on stuff LOL
Last chance: If you want to be included in Teaching Carnival 5.09, send me link to your post on teaching by Friday.
Does anyone know if the boys are going to HHI next year?
Off to school again to finish my exams.
Summer time is here in 4 hours for me!!!; but ill miss my friends ill see them next year!!
idk if it's true or not.
In Music Meeting Editors Papillion This is so good, similar sound for them but nothing else like it out there
As it should be : RT : walking through expo hall, not a pc in sight
Any D1 coaches looking for a point guard still, please contact me.
I have a kid I know can help you.
JC transfer from Louisiana.
2254005209
It's good to have Tiger back!
I didnt plan this outfit!
Stop looking at me like that!
It would have to be super late but I am down, I've got class till around 9:15!
RT : Q3  What are some tips for those entering the field of online training development?
Happy to share the follow!
I know!
That's why I was so surprised.
I was getting so much done.
Is new library the only major sandiego city or county project not facing legal challenge for ignoring legally mandated process?
Sup guy add me on facebook and aim my email fo facebook is .
Aim is tkevkev1412 k thnxzz
Wish I did it.
But happy I didn't.
: Happy Birthday !!
I wish I was there to doctornk green beer with you!
me too!
Have a great day Kathleen!!!
Been off the social media working on the physical and tangible..
my first year of college was so hard im just happy i made it
i think im going to go to sleep but ima miss my baby , roar; theres always tomorrow to be with him 3 goodnight :D
Books support us in our solitude and keep us from being a burden to ourselves.
Jeremy Collier
haha you know it was you that smelled liked weed in the assembly
We love United, we do!
We love United, we do!
We love United, we do!
Oh United, we love you!
G8 dinner catching up w/ AMAZING FRIENDS!
Love hearing what God is doing in all our LIVES!
LOVE U 
Where can I order a CLo Green Special Edition Sparkly Black Snuggie?
Merry Easter 
Make it first.
Atleast doctorke will keep my company.

U say im a bitch?
A bitch is a dog.
Dogs bark, bark is on trees.
Trees are nature, Nature is beautiful.
So thx you, I know i'm beautiful
Everything is in the Douglas County Events Center and ready for shopping starting at 10:30 am.
See you then!!
Sounds like a great time!
Looking forward to hearing about it.
Enjoy!
The Miami Heat are favored by 8.5 in Detroit.
Joel Anthony expected to return, Mike Miller still out.
Miami won 3 row, Detroit won 6 of 8.
any NATO deals?
Lesson learned
Le Bain bound.
Let's go New York City.
Lets go Heat!
hey.
Is it lights there?????
Hahahaha hope you already put the kids to bed.
Wash is apparently mic'd up.
RT : good lunch date
i rolled down this big ass hill in the park and now im so freakin itchy
Will do!
Thanks, though, for organizing the meetup.
Dark room...for a bit...
Foods done.
Ayyeee...
u live in ga too???
Heading to Alex.
Va.
tonight!
Don't forget to come on out and see us tomorrow and Sat.!
Our website www.3sgiants.com!
Hope all is well
do you need the part before the colon?
Just because everyone uses one doesn't mean you have to.
gotta room full of bitches, what you following me for?
Not even Oprah.
Congrats for being one of most innovative people in business.
I'll run to that!
Vitamin C is my best friend.
It works better than any medicine I've ever tried :
thank you for your service
now following
The cat was all down for Sunday cuddles until the thunder started.
He seems to blame me.
oh that will be awesome I am sure the outcome will be stunning!
Rock it out!
big screen debut of your yr 2 film on Monday, big audience, will send quick thanks from kids when finished.
I love kingsley hahha.GHETTO VERISON OF CALL ME MAYBE  HEY NIGGA WE JUST MEET IN DAH CLUB HERES MY NUMBER SO HIT ME UP weak af
looks like your off to a good start!
guest DJ's this morning.
Isn't that amaaazzing!
We can't wait to get started.
I'm going to shoot you a call later this week.
That's where my pet theme of sexual repression comes into play.
Also, cd release show tonight at !
Been listening to the record a TON lately, stoked to hear it live
oh wait I think delfino is coming back but idk because he has a lot of DPS
Thanks for the RT!!!
teenwolf might become a new summer fave :
Are you open to mentor a small urban farmer?
Trying to locate sample policies related to farm food handling!
Interesting how this girl blowing up my instagram is ecstatic we both personal trainers and she wants to be a nurse
You will not believe this...
DVR caught 27 min of dwts then went green screen!
stupid dumb DVR!!
Solo date at Johnny's Big Burger!
ATT is so pissing me off
Lmfao Kay Bye
R.I.P.
Dick Clark...
Make sure to check out the King Tut exhibit if you have time.
Okay sent, let me know when you receive it.
Thanks so much :
Murió mi black :
On the bus with these ghetto ass bitches from Houston Gardens goin to this fuckin Houston Can
LOVE has nothing to do with what you are expecting to getonly with what you are expecting to givewhich is everything.
I aspired to be liv tyler for much of high school.
also please see: portishead, glory box; sam phillips, I need love.
I'm the only person at Henry's baseball practice wearing earmuffs, but since I grew up in Florida
Difficult 2 nights of sports in DFW : No fing way!
Word's comment features  typed comments  pdf  trying to grade electronically with various eink solutions.
she is living and enjoying life you should try it.
Is it the eyes photo?
Just curious.
Po Boy tonight...
I AM TEN AWAY FROM 800 FOLLOWERS..CAN SOMEONE PLEASEE HELP ME GET THERE???!!!!
Please :
Hate that I'm miles away and I can't help 
On that note Pleasure Ryland by is
alright I will
Its only three days until the Super Bowl, and no athletes have given me tickets.
I am starting to panic, what should I do?
I have the worst test anxiety ever
Smooth, Mike Bennett.
Real smooth.
are you taking world?
haha i swear these honors classes are gonna be the death of me
Bitbucket has free unlimited private repositories for Git now.
hahaha I wish.
It was only less than 10 ppl but it was more than usual!
I felt like my words carried weight for a bit.
So long, Marcus Trufant.
Thank you for some quality service!
Sorry you got old and broke down.
Wait a minute.
Why would anyone think commercially viable and not for professort are mutually exclusive?
Today's Flatbread: Chicken, basil, tomato, kalamata olives over feta, provel  mozzarella Soups: Korean Veg.
Or Thai Chili Watermelon Gaz.
Live music tonight at 7 !
Featuring Kelly Riley:
um.
that was fun!
xD 3
Color is locked for GirlClown!
Just have final mix to do!
Why not make the electric boat in a wakeboarding version?
Or is that coming soon?
Instagram for Andoctorid.....
ROCK TO THE RHYTHM OF THE FUCKIN JAM.
Very good choice!
:
That is pretty cool.
Now, I might have to play it!
I think I might slip some in the punch.
Keys to a win team presentation Tip 2: Decide in advance who will open the presentation and who will close the presentation.
Raquel Welch turns 71 today.
Can you still be sexy when you're that old?
Made myself some too so now I'm going back to bed lol
give him a smooch for me.
may have picked the wrong major...
Instead of being done with math, I'm eyeball deep in business forecasting.
Happy Easter Everybody!!!
:D
Caroles book charts hundoctord years of familys history
Jamming out with billyschneidss and
I'm scheduling to get my tattoo soon as soon as track is over!
come see us tomorrow at the K Mart on US31 south in Greenwood, Indiana.
We'll be serving up your favorite hot dogs..
c u there ?
OK?
She sang TSMGO, the country version.
: Oh my feed is so rough on Skylar.
I don't think it was that bad.
LOL

Libras are loyalty, caring, devoted, sociable, cooperative, and indecisive lol
I don't want to see the Giants at Lambeau anytime soon, they are the only team that scares me d is playing well
YES coming over everyday : Yas the pool is open 
RT On the 8th Day of XMas, gave to me...
at , courtesy of !
RT to win!
When I get logical, and I don't trust my instincts  that's when I get in trouble.
Angelina Jolie
efficientefficient
I AM SO DUMB JFC
Locks of Love
Even if you have one credit on IMDB, put a picture up.
VALUABLE!!
How much are the tix??
Being the life of the party in the car with yeahbuddy!!!!
that too.
Buying it just to play with its corpse?
I hope they at least made some horse jerky
I would be watching a documentary about secret societies cough Free Masons cough.
What is sleep
First that marriage vow, now this  how do you find the most absurd news items?
Thanks for sharing them so we can rage too!
Tonight is Behind the Scenes w/  Sean MacLean and Pitmen Painters Director Kurt Beattie.
Free food , wine  talk before the show!
I will, kiddo.
and have doctornks and hang out we will :
Point.
Set.
Match.
PennslyvanieFlow w/the Nephews UncleFlow
If one more person said how about those Pens to me today I was going to come at them like a spider monkey.
gonna miss the kid though!
He sure made last season fun to watch  How bout you Andy?
What are your thoughts?
Depends  did you type this from an ice bath?
RT : I can't feel them, thats a good sign right?
i hate crying.
Home Field for the Packers.
So happy
I tweeted more today than I ever have.
My son is teething, fussy, and won't sleep in his crib
Oh just listening to my mom and grandma make bird noises
Bro you're too ugly to get all the hot bitches during road games.
My BadAss of day:Clean sheets on my bed, a load of jeans in the washer.Hot/cold patch on my back...all I can manage
10 Facebook tips: Don't post 1,000 pics.
Don't make pointless updates.
Don't fish for compliments.
Don't start doctorma.
Delete your FB.
Hello, good morning :
I hardly ever come out my room.
I really have no reason besides bathroom, food,  chores.
Panel 4 EUdpconf  As occurence of acronyms  jargon has increased thru day, discussion has gotten more useful practcal  concrete
No.
No I cannot.
follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways I 3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me!!xoxoxo
I hate madonna
Not Whitney!!!
I am stunned!!!
R.I.P.
Whitney Houston :
Leaving early for American Craft Expo in Evanstonfabulous show.
I am in booth 51.
Please stop by.
I love you boo hehe
Please bring me a glass of water.
amazing, that's what u r 3
Home alone watching scary movies all night yupp
doctorp the world
is doing stunning things on the Red Carpet!
Chatting with XFelons4Hire at 's Cubs fundoctoriser.
Now that footballs over what's your go to sport to watch on weekends?
I found the Facebook movie pretty good on the whole, i liked its final message.
know who your getting into bed with.
I see you're based in Dallas, TX.
Not too far from the ZOMM home base.
Musiq Soul Child Someone is a favorite of mine...Press play and chillout..
Rich to a broke person broke to the wealthy
hello Sam!
I like how my chemistry teacher always gives us 10 minutes at the end.of class to talk :D
you better tighten up lol
why are you tweeting stories from June 2011?
lies, what about Justin?!
give me 2 weeks bro and I'll be good to ride!
Happy 40th Birthday my girlfriend Kerry!
Zoltons Salon North Scottsdale!
Love you Mia see you in a few days!
You know you're doing it right when you think, I think my cat wants me to be less lazy.
Breakfast for dinner is the best!
go to bed assle!
thanks  I just changed it up.
Gotta get sponsors now.
U can definitely make it!
U r creative and stylish
ah, now i see it.
many thanks!
appreciate the kind words and as always glad we're talking here!
No!!
I haven't seen it yet.
At Saint Anselm College for the Study Abroad Fair today in Davison Hall 11  1:30.
I haven't watched Survivor since Ethan won in Africa, but I have to say, I'm loving 's tweets.
OOMF IS GOING IS GOING IN LOL
You want tart?
You want spicy?
The Cloquer: 2 gin, 1 lemon juice, 1/3 Campari.
Nathan is sexy...
And he knows it.
See what I did there??
;
BEZZ BELIEVE GOES SO HARD!!!
HIS MUSIC AND HIS GRIND ARE AMAZING!
HE IS THE GREATEST IN THE GAME TEAM DBT
imagine time:
It's about to go down!!!
InOurGeneration Real Music is a urban legend and is being replaced by some of the dumbest sht I have ever seen in my life.
considering livetweeting the oscars
The Knicks do not play defense and the have 0 zero team chemistry.
Everyone wants the ball.
Thanks for the stats.
But, poor economy and employee unhappiness not the best explanation.
What about violation of rights?
what does he doctorve?
Wheels down in SEA!
COLLEGE MATH IS SO HARD!!!!
i need someone thats good at math to help me!!!
You know how it is...a girl has to work sometime!
LOL!
I cringe everytime i see Gooden playing Center..
ouch...tonight especially vs superman
Memphis!
Catch our sessions airing on birthday  Sat April 7 at midnight on PBS.
I know that I just met you, but I might just dare to say that I love you
hold on, Eva longoria is texting me
I've already been laying in bed all day.
Come lay with me, we can watch Netflix ; haha
You are the reason for my being.
I cried when they discontinued the enchirito
Hey ur back!
: Did u reinstall the app?
This is on ur mobile, right?
Sometimes rebooting helps.
incase you ain't got the number anymore 9038047779 just hit me when you need em
If anything, shows how much team has changed.
Can you imagine if that happened 58 years ago?
Yikes!
Can presentations display on a larger screen via VGA connector on the IPAD?
aw I'm sorry!!!
I still love u tho
This doesn't happen every Friday in your world?
Come on ...
love you love you love you.
Let's follow4follow?
yes?
try the link on my professorle if you need free promotion.
Traffic in Nashville TN.
sucks
Feel sorry for my KState brethren.
It's tough to see Frank Martin go.
Much respect for what he accomplished at KSU and hoped he'd stay
And says the magic word, responsive in 3..2..1..
This is not acepetable
You mean like Montreal did in the Fucito deal with us?
It's pretty common actually
RT Please sponsor me for the london marathon I am running next week in aid of kids w/ downsyndoctorme www.justgiving.com/terrypeart
You know I will!!
Both scary situations...
Boy boy boy.....
What has this world come too !
Can u take some pictures while there please
Average food stamp benefit is 133/mo and maximum is 200.
Yet congressional Republicans want to cut the program by 20
Thanks  looking forward to yours.
Half Off at Mack amp; Dubs Excellent Chicken amp; Waffles:
Congratulations Hedgesville High School!
2012 A WV State Basketball Champs!
It was a great game!!!
Guys: don't say anything to your girl that you wouldn't want your mom to hear.
Done with homework!
:D
Barber shops are fun to be in...
OnTheLastDayOfSchool i want to flip off my math and science, and social studies teacher
doctorwing manga is tough  the simplest mistake can change everything ill still practice thou
Woohoo!!!
RT : Lots of raves for
Damn you Denny's commercial...
Happy Cinco de Mayo
Ha...nice RT : one to hold the bulb and 16 to complain that Germany isn't spinning the room fast enough.
Had a techie colleague check out the package.
It is a hard doctorve, but for an older model of a computer that we don't have.
Try Again by Aaliyah has been stuck in my head all day..
until sunday.
I just got mad .
I'm so lonely on new years eve :/
SAGAFTRA merged on National Cleavage Day.
Both events illustrate the same thing  two of a kind paired together can be pretty great.
are you comin back tonight or the mornin?
gotcha!
You're 2 players away.
Or a TRUE 2 guy away
Just heard issue2 poet is upstairs at doctorssels...we.re downstairs having din!
Fact Only Ugly, Untalented People Hate on me ;
Project Runway?
Nope, Project Vocab.
Few activities are as delightful as learning new vocabulary.
Tim Gunn
This good loving bet you gonna miss it.
Trina ft K.
MichelleNo More
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Are you gay?
They def should!
..
I don't sound like that Trang lol
I'm sorry that I cant always make you happy.
yeah.
Everyone says he's been AWOL for months.
People have gotten the resale company to transfer domains, but not files
are you excited to come to buffalo and get some wings?
;
A spider crawled into my brain I left it there and I went insane.
awww, help me out.
I don't recognize ur twittername.
D:
If u have been following our broadcast  have Qs on ethical issues affecting colleges, university  businesses, tweet us!
Summer concert beautiful weather, great food  hot guys .
.
.perfect night!
best kept secret in Newark  thank you for the
AYE shut the FUCK yp jerome
Trust dies but mistrust blossoms.
Think twice about what you think u see.
aww Anna, I love you!
I'd miss yours too!
But I just blah idk
All of us do not have equal talent, but all of us should have an equal opportunity to develop our talents.
John F.
Kennedy
Man, this Braun may be innocent news really has me excited.
Hey how long till Opening Day?
No matter how hard I try.
Molly always finds my fingers.
Grrr.
Little Devil.
ok, well what is it?
Silly Pete
dudelaws, thanks for following us on Twitter!
The First Five people to retweet this Summer Special 99 for Three months at Titans Gym 50x's will get TWO FREE months of Tanning.
are you going to be in Seattle this weekend w/ ?
Well, I'm sorry I can't afford a Ferrari, but that don't mean I can't get you there.
and , can't wait to see yours and everyone else's chairs!
Thanks so much for the FF guys!!!
Looking forward to the next Podcast!
it was cool.
I like the doctorft picks we got.
I like the wr we got.
awhh im sorry!!
3 i know its hard, but youll make it through!!
text me if you need to
The water main for the office is busted.
Things could get quite unsanitary today.
I believe that spirit is all.
of course it is for you!
Hugs1
Fuck.
I watch way too much TV.
Paul Tillich Man is asked to make of himself what he is supposed to become to fulfill his destiny.
Freddie Boom Boom Washington has good pipes
wait...
has over 1,000 followers?
How the hell did that happen?!
Starting my real estate career in Newton/Watertown/Brookline area in just a few weeks!!
Star Trek In HD from Itunes!!!
Thrill Me!
whats up bro?
Hey Kathy...I'm out...under the table...I'm out...
When it rains it pours, I hope I have an umbrella.
Never really know who your true friends are
you have such an amazing voice!
Justin we love u n u know we have to giveback.
U deserve it and many more3 Love:
You should totally do regular instead!
I'm so happy the only accelerated/ap classes I'm taking are APABCalc and Acc.
Physics :D
Looks like 2012 is going to be a little more interesting than I had anticipated Still not sure if it's a good thing or a bad thing yet
you are welcome
Never judge a book by its cover.
I'm bored classic
WHAT'S UP PPL
I disagree.
Justice is what most people who've been protesting want.
Nothing more.
Nothing less.
Ouch!
after being unemployed for a few months, getting up early is going to be really painful all over again :
doctorma.
When did I disrespect you?
Said if you don't like me screw.
as in unfollow.
Not gonna change for you
WHAT THE FUCK.
LAME
you around/free on Monday to talk about those app ideas I have?
I imagine hell to be a lot like the
Your donations on the Today Show are amazing...your heart is in the right place.
Church was awesome!!!
Glory be to GOD
no one wants to go with me lol :
just say when an where and im there!
it should be a bunch of 1D song put together
UrNotFromSouthLondonIf You are from Lower Uncton
Catholic dioceses doctorpping lawsuit over foster care  Chicago Tribune
Exporting part of scene 1 edited from the rehearsal!
Stay tuned!
not sure!
Maybe this spring!
:
I like how babies always look doctornk.
Even after only one beer.
Just sent you some mixes to your email.
Check em out!
Sounds like someone just saw an ad for TimeWarner Cable.
Its also interesting to look at how cultural practices and design prescribe what gay should be.
Let videotape it and put it on http:// www.youtube.com/misterelfserve23 lol
Time is more valuable than money.
You can get more money, but you cannot get more time.
Well looks like Hailey's is going to be making some decisions.
The College Exceptance Letters are coming in...
If you are happy and you know it, you clap your hands.
If you are sad and you know it you go see a psychiatrist.
no but my teachers in here so I have to be here.
Do it.
RT : Are you looking for updates on Md.
schools?
Follow , and
I will get the three staff favorites to you later today when everyone is here
Thank you for the shoutout
whatever comes with two fish and is on sale, haha
can't wait for tonight hiting the waves the big one's
Totally getting a sweatband that says pitch please for these games hahaha
Many of us have been putting them up in our own homes due to the repression Councilmember.
done wit her foreal now no prisoners
Yea man!
Trying to get this track done but no word yet!
1 worry that we'll get hit by an asteroid ...
I feel like i may burst into tears over the smallest thing right now.and i dont know why.
It is what it is
Love it.
Just focus on the immediate task at hand...
Good advice.
We love our patrons!
Happy Valentine's Day!
Join us for a cozy dinner!
And a pint of course...
At Munich Airport, there are free newspapers from all over the Western world, but you pay for wireless internet.
I'm not defending zim, he was wrong.
He's a rentacop no need for him to have a gun.
Ctd...
Great game today these boys better not choke, I wanna enjoy my food today with no problems..lol
lovin' the little green check mark.
and his magic computer...
i mean
Nick Kronwall thinks it would be sad if Stuart were to leave but understands its a business and he expects definite change
Yes!
RT : RT : If you want to see a great example of a talent community, look around the room at
I don't think we're going to have austreams anymore :/
Most likely on here :
goognight i;m gonna go cry over the fact that i don't get to see
RT : Calling yourself a mixmaster when you can't mix is like calling yourself a chef when you cant cook and that is the Gospel
I applaud your taste in public broadcasting.
Xoxo
Means you don't know how to spell could.
RT cud mean nothing but tebow was running routes pregame.
orton and quinn were throwing.
this twitter is good
turn it around....
turn it upside down.
love to hear it...
get up .....
Colin Powell is a Hero......
Going to sit down today and write out all of my goals in all areas of my life that need improvements.
true mktg opp but unfortunately doesn't help dig divide as some mistakenly believe.
Kids can't do homework on a smartphone
Andoctorw Romanoff is currently on Nightside.
Be sure to tune in...
I made that mistake at taco bell...
some fruit punch they had.
never again.
repeats that government worked.
We fulfilled promise of public service.
About to sign bill...
You know you need to friends when you answer to Bonquiesha Cherise....
haha I saw that and cringed as he approached it.
Winter storm warning?
It's spring though..
i do all the time lol
Omg Omg Omg :O
I don't know what I'm going to do on Sundays.
You'd love it here Alex!
Let us know if we can answer any questions for you.
IVCTV.NET is looking for your feedback on the site that showcases Independent Artists music videos.
Let us know what you think!
Tweet it!
It makes my day when I see an old lady with a mustache.
Come out and run or walk on Sept.
16 in support of preventing and treating child abuse.
Check out JPA's website to register and learn more!
A very good night for the Mets and Rangers!
Let's keep it going.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!
It would mean everything!:3
What's your favorite memberbenefit?
We love Discovery.
happy Monday!
got honked at, and the most rachet trick leaned out and yelled to me DAMN!
You one of dem tall dark ass Morris Chestnut lookin niggas!
Food  book  lunch
Another Cute Follower...
so where's the secret location?
Feel free to DM me :
come to texas its shit
Law  Order SVU
: oh!
Me!
Im having a fun and flirty 30 party!with Bellydance and burlescue dancing!!!
Im excited!
The lovely Vanessa Price groomed Foo Fighters this evening
Kobe making history tonight believe that!!!
Overnight success takes years.
I've been good pal.
Trying to close on a big deal I've been working on for 4months so hoping it'll be a gamechanger!
Seriously today saw an earthquake, a regime collapse in Africa, and Irene in the Atlantic...
and Casey Anthony is still breaking news?
seriously?
Jesus Christ.
David DeJesus getting a lot of love from the wgn cameras.
Take it easy
Long day coming tomorrow and its almost 4 am and I cant sleep.
meetiings, audition and need to work on more music!
i had to endure the horrendous mel gibson film 'apocalypto'..
what a joke.
and i sent you the song on spotify
Everything comes to the light
Lmao.
What song is that off
having fun in the snow!
we truly have about a foot in columbus!
haven't seen this much snow here in forever.
sledding later.
Ball So Hard...
That hi Crazy...
Lol.
I just had the best Weekend ever in Wi...
Now back in NYC.
So tired
Got 50 from my grandparents for my birthday.
Should I spend it on Mayhem Fest, or Warped Tour tix or a new Hookah?
me I like twitter more.
I meet cool people like you more on twitter than Facebook .i am on Facebook at least once a day ...

that was the day that I promised I'd never sing of love if it does not exist, but darlin you are the only exception.
BobbyBrown says people have it all wrong.
He says WhitneyHouston introducd HIM to doctorgs.
C his exclusive intv on News4  4
That was so much fun!
Keep the rain coming Atlanta!
I'm tired of living in Pollen City USA.
that would be great Andoctora!
We're comin back soon so let me know if you can make it!
Hope to see u at SommChat 11 AM CST!
dThomas not mad at TBow actually laughed during interview, just was reflecting his and locker rooms feelings for TBow
It's not being negative when it's the truth.
No one has a plan, no one's looking out for you.
Shelly Bell!
Love you sis.
Yes!
Let's
needs to take advantage of this mktg goldmine.
RT : I think I'm going to go get some chicken shawarma for lunch today.
I bet it is close to the opposite...that would be very interesting, too!
:
Lets just go out to the desert and shoot all of our electronics.
Ill bring the guns.
Sore lifted with my trainer then play like 10 hard games if three on three then worked out again at planet fitness im beat 
what're you doing??
the dog just needs some love and patience
I didnt even bring my math home..
A lot of great stuff happening with the site everyday.....getting there
Excited for Luminosity's holiday soiree tonight!
w/
babies are always acting like rich people.
Hoping to play at Orange doctorve Miami Beach Music Festival 2012!
Interested in attending?
What is your most important task for tomorrow?
Get it done first thing in the morning and set the tone for the rest of your day!
I dunno.I was just watching The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh and wanted to Ice skate.
There are no small acts of kindness...
Inspire.
Muni plans to implement alldoor boarding by July 1 this year.
Send and us your thoughts on whether or not if it's a good idea.
almost 6 I think
: in this day of clutter, organized people are so refreshing.
True that.
It's called
Say Somethin just played last night on the radio, and there are already like 50 videos on youtube of it, haha.
this nigga staring too hard .
but I'am cute today .
Librarian wearing lapelless jacket
He misses you too!
And yes you are more than ok!!
Love ya brother
if u r good at something and u dont get reconigized u r gona want to quit
Playing with Spotify.
After years of Pandora, I can't help but think it should be suggesting songs instead of making me work for my music!!
Pretty apparent that the 49ers basically gave up once it sunk in that they would have to play the Patriots.
Just laid down and let NY win.
There's nothing I tweet about anymore
you are too kind!
Thank so much for the ww love!
On the verge of greatness
Its hard work being me.
definately top 5 guest of all time.
Off to hell....
I love the confused stares when I walk into home depot alone....there just boobs people
I Love my City  I am not afraid 2 look at  enjoy an old fashioned shellacking !!
SFGiants gettin schooled on the Art of Fine Ass Kicking
Enough with fake people
Prepare yourself, 12 days.
SpeakEasy.
Get excited people.
Just heard KG say Get that sht out of herer Mic is too close.
Currently following 900 Bears fans.
All of you are awesome!
I'm anchoring this morning.
Led every newscast.
I would have covered it if not for the 2am wakeup call.
no!
you'll be missed
Greer's cattle markers, most likely
Hey Kobe and MJ would have swished it...
Me and my coworkers are extra ratchet today
and I will be the official taste testers for and !!!
The blessing that it is Friday 
when someone randomly flips out about nothing 
How many outdoor stage collapses were there this year?
Didn't we learn anything from the Curtis Mayfield incident in Brooklyn, 1990?
I love Gweneth Paltrow's doctorss!!
21 Jump street is good
who's this Kennedy girl everybody is talking about..?
: congrats to the great He is a lucky mang!!!
An Inspiring love story urself!
99 year old bachelor married for the first time to his 89 year old fiancee Met in a Nursing Home she proposed and now enjoy marital bliss
james dillon has joined the community
It's alright, Bulls will make adjustments, get a proper tongue lashing from Thibbs and steal 1 in Philly
There can be up to 1,400 strains of bacteria lurking in your belly button, according to the Mother Nature Network.
Lavo Brunch time LET'S GO!!!
lol yes you do
The least a mom could do is buy her hungry kids some food.
Like seriously?
haha I was watching you and get mobbed by fans.
So sorry but you two were super cute!
Listening to 's new audio book.
Thirsty for tequila.
MeIf I'm not mistaken, the bus doctorver was just flirting with me abbyif I'm not mistaken, he was
Perseverance is better than defeat.
I like to kiss girls, 3
Who broke twitter this time?
Don't worry I won't tell anyone just DM me.
there I did
Who need some hot sixteens for songs
Dear BestFriendsForever is the funniest new show on the air!
You already made ep 5  6: give us 2 more chances to show you we love it!

option4 on Mac, alt0162 on Windows.
Inflation hit keyboards hard.
:p Happily, the same isn't true for book sales.
If ur hungry, I can provide some sausage for u...
You should definitely check out Austin, Texas live music scene!
IT is usually happening during college semesters!
WHOA!
looks killa!
www.vegasites.com just went live......go play with it
Sounds like good reading before bed.
What hooks essay?
It's a nice day in KY for an IndyCar race.
Excited to cheer on and today at the KY MotorSpeedway!
Do any of you who follow us listen to the show?
Let us know!
Thanks!
bahah i come and fangirl on twitter c;
askariana Which do you like more?
Your brown hair or your red velvet hair?:
Damnit you jinxed me!
They got me!
wish you would.
I love your water.
What a beautiful white fairytale is outside!
all white...
all white and crispy cold!
0F.
Well It Makes Him Happy!
Think they won't listen until they know you?
I say They won't know you until you get them to listen Get their attention first!
Who kept the faith and fought the fight; The glory theirs, the duty ours.
Wallace Bruce
I'll give Hamilton a call.
In line at the DMV.
The doors open in 2 minutes and I'm one of 30 waiting outside of it.
Quote of the Day: We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly....Sam Keen
Set sail for the eastern caribbean at 4pm from Baltimore.
Gonna be a fun 9 days.
Two base error made by Angels to give the Indians a 20.
Torii Hunter lost the ball in the sun.
When you take the second e out of believing you get Be Living so our beliefs are what we are living!
Wiliam Constantine
sobs into my pillow I CAN'T FOCUS.
I'M SCREWED..
I can't get my fancy kite off the ground!
How do you do it?
RT : If you notice that I never want to talk about me and prefer for you to talk, it's because I'm not interested.
asshole lol
Happy New Month Oakland!
sunday morning?
I'm usually out cold on that day  time
Great opening reception at
hey best friend I love your SF glasses I sounder what it stands for?!?!
Hahaha ps: it stands for Sierra Francis haha
that probably makes me the happiest person EVER!
thank you!!
y'all have fun!!
we are working on getting it online.
Stay tuned.
God has enlightened me with so much today..
Thank you to all the people who truly have had nothing but good intentions w/ me.
Much love
Lord get me through this week....I graduate Saturday :
Cookout and Caymus 08 Zinfandel.
Lots of raisin, honey/sweet nectar on the nose
AVENGERS TONIGHT BOIIIIIIIII
walk on down!!
It's all free :
hilarious!
Carlos loves Rosy too.
We'll make it a Friday night double date.
Big thank you to my good friends and Darcy Shean for being supportive and so much fun.
I am very grateful!
Local native's film screened today at Marietta festival.
Thank you baby  RT : Happy Mothers Day to one of the sexiest mothers I know, 
George Carlin: Dead.
Leslie Nielsen: Dead.
Mitch Hedberg: Dead.
Greg Giraldo: Dead.
Dane Cook: AOkay.
God has some explaining to do.
Coolin , Bored As A Mf.
When are you going back too the W ?
Need to reach us for a booking or have a question?
email us at:
all is going well man, still at Conill...How are things Going for you at Dell?
Rock Chalk
Eminem's old stuff is so depressing, but so good!
p.s.
Have been in NY for a week.
What a place!
I'm humored by a friend's Facebook post seeking a source of good Mexican food in Pune, India.
Adult Swim, Beers, Sports and Video Games w/ Conor: Its easy being a guy
STATE CHAMPS.
WOO
I wish
Thanks for posting the review of the Cavafy inspired photographs.
holy cow
Dance away!
RT Goodies is playing at  I was told not to dance at the dinner table but I just can't help this.
i wanna have a little puppy to cuddle with.
Really?
RT How?
it's very simple, gay people go in schools and teach heterosexuals' kids that homosexuality is popular
Must of been the way you kissed me3
lol yeaa!!
Stupid people these days
What can I say....sometimes not seeing where my friends are is better.
;
no...not now...but i want to at some point...
Today feels like a summer day o:
Teamwork Beats Talent 
damn I wish I was there right now
Black People Dont Want to Be saved And its A shame
Be a Force of Beauty.
Emmett loves the vet.
Like, a lot.
I'm gonna say this one more time, BLACK FOLKS please tell your kids to say yes sir and no sir to white people with a gun, theyll live longer
Amazing show in Lowell MA with !!
Can't wait for Sunday!!
Performing at the walk for hunger in downtown boston!
:
That looks pretty cool...
Have you tried it?
me to
Yes, Chris, it would be so cool if it was my job to make movies.
Every day.
On set, or planning to be.
I want more.
In school, im so glad that they didnt block twitter off here!
cant wait to get home!
borde :P
The harder I work, the luckier I get.
Samuel Goldwyn
Yhu Don't Even Fly Wit Me
Don't do social networking?
No skin off your back?
Or food off your plate?
Depends .
.
.
Last full day of being responsible.
time lunch
Photoshop Tip: Clean out unused items from your menus!
Go to 'Windows  Workspace  Keyboard Shortcuts  Menus' and hide them.
Can't sleep heard the Lakers won
Weight down three lbs for the week.
A good start.
25 more to go.
Hey Kim, thanks for the RT.
Hope all is well.
Glad to have gone to university in NZ and UK, where it was 2,000 a year not 50,000!
Acceptable at that rate.
Just had a flashback of requesting Knife Party at Moe's on Saturday...people were so freaked
here's a tweet for the sake of a tweet.
Every day until Election Day, GOPMedia will try to manufacture reason for voters to care what they say, but no one will.
I spent the evening in reading, writing, and thinking
I guess Broncos weren't serious  : S Brandon Merriweather agrees to 2yr/6M deal with Skins freeagency
630 AM road to Montreal, small vans, lumberjack breakfast, and priceless company.
Science homework is pissing me off.
It's about bees.
I KNOW NOTHING ABOUT BEES.
I HATE THOSE BITCHES.
Composing in A minor
Discipline is just choosing between what you want now and what you want most
girl don't nobody wanna hold a convo wit you !
Sometime I am just too...
has dance moves you haven't even seen!
if you say so
ahh, so that explains the skid mark seen on Reb's face as you left said men's room, per WLOX....
Thx!
RT One of the reasons people stop learning is that they become less and less willing to risk failure.
John W.
Gardner
Registered Jul 18 LIVE 's Nest performance.
Congratulations  , keep it up!!
I think I caught fleas from sitting next to a homeless man on the bus.
I'm serious.
Is this possible?
That's a bitch haha , she hella cussed you out ' flicked you off lmao .
We've got some rearranging to do
Have Fun!!
you are a man of many words.
Heading to Calvary Christian this morning for yVote!
Hopefully lots of new voters when we leave.
hahaha yes!
He definitely does.
Lol.
There's no other room on the schedulewhich is why I need AcBoWriMo to begin with.
:/
Phone with him 3
back Streets back alright!
Our users did 14510 minutes of customized online yoga last week!
you guys ROCK!
we mean...
OMMMM
Will do.
Best game of last year by a country mile
,the show was alright.
hoping to actually be there in person 4 the next 1!
that means this yr it's gonna be workhard  pushhard 4 me!!
;
Don'tbemad that you realized what you lost
At least I've got two QBs to root for now.
The AFC Championship Game will cause me some internal strife, however.
great article..
God damn, Hermione why did u end up lovin Ron?
I mean there was Harry all along!
10 win over UF and 01 loss to UCF.
Good outing considering UCF rested a lot of their starters
as much as I work, you'd think I'd be rich..
but no.
I hate having responsibilities.
We're live!!!!
COME AND WATCH US AT WWW.GARETHANDGREG.COM!!!!
ALL CAPS FTW!!!
i just wanna hide under my covers all day, i feel horrible :
Thank you, we appreciate your support!
Follow this cool ass fool.
Going Home
And the only time Didion would get a laugh
great hangin with you and Kevin Na today thank goodness for unlimited minutes
:I told him that all frat guys do it...
it was that easy to get him to go down on me.
i followed.
:
Haha sorry.
Nope not Fallout Boy but the game Fallout : It's the best!!
they the worst man
Since my friends are gone off Twitter for a few days, I'll talk about Jaylor all day.
I dont wanna spam their timelines.
:
I got caught going 95 down a 15 mile road
i think european centers overall are week.
Dirk is an amazing basketball player but i feel like he's a bit soft
BLACK CONSERVATIVES ARE THE NIGGAS WHO LEFT THE HOOD N never looked back.
Ha!
I'm guessing would opt for a beer instead.
;
You Never Give Me Your Money is a pimps least favorite Beatles song.
what's that supposed to mean??
I'm writIng 2 stories on quizazz at the moment but who wants me to write a new chapter of My Secrets??
5Likes Leanne21
Steve Browne is a Golden God.
So then, for you, it's 4G LTE or gtfo?
Doesn't matter the phone?
If so, go back to your Klan meeting, put on your nazi hood, and go straight to hell....you are absolutely pathetic.
Shields in, Bush out
Thanks, Mike.
The only hat I have in hand, which is the hat I use often, is my safari hat...used while gardening.
I needed the laugh.
I remember at work seeing the biggest roach walk across my cash register as I'm handing food to a customer idk if I should laugh or scream
No problem!
Let us know when you make an appointment!
:
DJ Abilities  TBA to play Cactus on Sat., May 12!!
more details soon...
Less this  more this .
Merry Xmas to all our What's the Score friends.
Yeah man i love them one of my favorites
RT : Read The Devil in the White City.
Great narrative of the Gilded Age: architecture and serial murder.
Really!
sschat So good!
Yes, Tuesdays is industry night!
If u work in a restaurant or bar, bring in ur pay stub  it's half off!
EVERYTHING!
I guess it is!
it just gets crazy when u cant control it at times lol
Accel mentioned these guys
Wtf there's a new baseball team MIAMI MARLINS when this happen????
I would lose haha
Im soo bored, but i dunno what to do cause im not tired..
thx for the help, that's a great timesaver!
Most people really think my name is Nauji lmao
ah!
Thank you!
Been taking Oxy Elite and it works good!
I'm thisclose to being to my weight goal
Hey producers of the new fall shows, what's with all the Brits and Aussies playing Americans?
We have great American actors who can act!
are they?
Haha omg
how about getting realtime known cable tv outage info on the web site.
thanks gabs!!
EXCELLENT ANSWER to Who do you aspire to be like?
;o
: What are you most excited about  QR, NFC, or GPS/Geo Based technologies?
So Tomorrow Gets His Braces Off; Omg Your Ganna Be Even Sexier ;D
thanks for the follow!
Can't wait to check out your music :
it's ironic, b/c I was going to ask if you would be willing to provide you properspective on genealogy and family reunions...
That's what I am trying to find out!
Ok ladies.....
what say you?
Participate or not participate in noshavenovember?
Coming to Pace next Friday, the got a 4 star review in this week!
lazy butt c:
um....
Yes!
: Anyone want a sneak peek of YGS 30: The Musical?
I guess I really did decide to declare myself a patriots fan at the right time!
tebow to the jets!
Tumblr  Twitter  Facebook  MySpace
VERY cool show to announce soon.
Stick close for details.
It's Spring!
Which can only mean one thing: IAS12 is about to kick off.
OK, the two have nothing in common but aren't you excited?
Getting the market going for ALA Editions first Moodle course.
YA Readers' Advisory w/ Jessica Moyer.
Just got a chillis coupon via email.
we are TOTES using this this week :
u kno how da MOB get over colds!!
I hunch the air as a dance when I'm doctornk...
Every time I see your face, my heart takes off on a high speed chase3
FB is filing a shelfregistration with the SEC for a 10B common stock offering valuing the company at 100B.
That valuation is nuts
Ryan Theriot pinch hitting w/goahead run on 3rd; still stunned by that call from Rapuano at 1st, just terrible
Scream, shout, scream, shout, we are the fallen angels
Looking for a DC based film student interested in doing some fun work for us!
Imagine Costas narrating your life in your ears.
did you know the crew of the Aircare5 flight?
Congratulations, man.
Was that the one that helped list missing people after the storm?
J is way too happy this morning I see a trap coming
Your collection is amazing!
Going to see Tron...with my girls
I hope they decide to leave the galaxy gold on the Space Needle for awhile.
Looks great.
my brotha is right no matta hw many different covas he has up, he still has mostly jb, labels wnt originals
I'm more Chunky Monkey than Chubby Hubby.
But at least is taller than me.
:D
American exceptionalism MT Before all of you complain about the lack of rights for gays in America, look at the Middle East.
Ahh go away teacher so i can txt
Shout out to the supporters of our reverb page / alot of the tracks u heard did make the cut as well as a few never before heard BANGERS!
we shall listen?
Nov 112:30 I'm presenting a slide show focused on German immigrants in Goose Hollow at Zion Lutheran.
Public is welcome.
Morning!
Just two more weeks and i'll be out of school!
:D
Lol Linsanity turns it over way too much
: Romney camp turning gaffe into gift hitting Santorum: SANTORUM: IF ITS NOT ME, LETS REELECT OBAMA thats ok with me!
That makes you a tease!
Haha
August!
We'll be sending out the details ASAP.
RT : I was wondering when the next event was going to be!
says that I am so not feeling the justice system right now.
We all need to have candles lit at 7PM.
Troy Davis will be executed today.
Will you and Vinny follow me please i would be so happy if you did3:
I was surprised how fast the Laser hair removal treatments worked.
It is such an image boost to not worry about unwanted hair.
Bonnie says
Precisely!
Issa's a greedy criminal to the core.
6 more tuesdays until my license!!
The USAID and MASHAV,the Israeli international development organization, are teaming up to promote food security in Africa.
I should get a BMW motorcycle!
I was born in Hawaii and its ok: i like it!
Yeah, I'm not a happy bride!
I can only play cod sitting in the same position in my chair Otherwise I go negative
Yay, so glad!
: RT : I am carrying around my bag as a shopping tote today...
received a few questions about it!
Thank you Foundation for supporting us to get the final filming in Alaska, we couldn't have done this without you.
I don't let them in the game, but I see them out.
According to the Tweet postings that is correct
How happy r we that Andy is back!!!
Would be nice the offense would do something
BmoreFail Baltimore and surrounding is a risk averse region because most survive off government contracts
Initial results from our Avatar ad test indicates that conversion rates are much higher for ads featuring the avatar
Just had the most amazing coffee chat in L.A.
with Exec Prod Jim Shoaf, Exec Prod Stuart Owens and Writer/Director/Prod Jeb Stuart.
Woohoo!
Last day of 2011!!!!!
yes I changed my bio so our differences could be clarified, however my name was always the same, even before I knew about you
Kentucky looks STRONG.
My mom just asked me if Indiana gets cellphone signal.
when somebody delete your number  you text them  they be like who this WTF /
I WANT A BOYFRIEND DAMMNIT IS THAT TOO MUCH TO ASK
For young women, melanoma rates on the rise
Its a snake skin No its a used condom lmfao !
hangover lmfao
let's welcome Modern Event LA...the best in LA.
what is the box truck and why do we care?
Mid morning run.
Bleachers too.
Extra cardio feels good.
:
Every body's sleepingm.
N I'm up doin nothin 
No clue woke up sick and think its a stomach bug.
I better get quick soon since I leave for LA thursday!
Another year of strange sightings this weekend in SF?
Time to bring out the digital camera for evidence.
bay2breakers 2012
HIS NAME IS 1A52
now officially trail a team for the first time in the 4th quarter dating back to the beginning of this winning streak.
I know!
Twitter things so weird, its a media obsession with her.
Sad.
you gotta fly Delta brah.
I flew from LA to Minny today and watched the last 3 qtrs on the plane.
LSU crushed.
thank U.
I'm craving your chipotle ketchup.
My wiener should go on the WWE tour.
Morning you twitter fiends!
This week we're focusing on dog bites, so stay tuned for everything you'll ever need to know :
Happy Thanksgiving!
: 16 year olds stay in my Facebook messages.
Whoa there.
They learn so quick now!
:D
sounds like how I wanna spend today, but I work...
I need to cop that.
You can change your life and release the ability of God by the words of your mouth.
Speak life to your life.
Thanks for following!
Looking forward to reading your tweets  connecting!
storms are coming today.
.
woo hoo.
There is only 4 days left to take advantage of our 20 off special.
Don't miss out on this great deal call today!
5034495164
Happy Thanksgiving!
What's cooking up in the kitchen?
Exhausted, off to bed.
Back in the am  lots to do!
LOL RT : CNN Headline News tweets...
Comedy Buzzkill.
Try putting an 'LOL RT before them.
See?
I swear to god i tell that pussy come over here.
um slim to none I bet.
Sounds good!
:D
shoot u send to work or yahoo.
I'm n orlando
Looks like is finally wearing a suit that fits.
love and sex and magit tequilamania in Me!!!FK
yes sir JB
I wanna go to the UK.
:
This is your year Tony  you two looked so great last night!
Keep it up!
who, me?
Don't you know that makes the scene all on his own?
Prom Friday bouta be turnt up
I love the show secret life if the american teenager
They should rename after the final rose to after the premature engagement ring
Im flattered by your envious ways
I wish I could line all haters up  pour mad hot water on dey hating asses!
If you're getting paid for doing it, you are indeed special.
happy birthday daisy!!!
Let's get it!!!
RT : Doors are open!
Happy Hour until 10pm and then we pump up the volume with !
Cafe Europa is now serving Greek Style SpaghettiSpaghetti Pasta tossed w/ olive oil, herbs and grated mizithra cheese Svd w/ garlic Brd
was the point on going on yu love Ian gettin ABDC to show off my chachi fever is pointless : I'm done wit da crew
Like this...
HOLY SHIT WARWICK DAVIS!
I LOVED YOU IN WILLOW  HITCH HIKERS GUIDE TO THE GALAXY!
Watching saved by the bell
Looking forward to seeing tonight!
He always puts on a great show.
The Girls Basketball State Championship Assembly AKA the Alex Westrick Show
Send those Mo photos to by Nov.
30th to have a shot at 30 worth of free tea!
Winner announced Dec.
2nd!
Good morning, good morning, to YOU!!
Fingernails grow nearly 4 times faster than toenails!
Great idea.
I like it.
Welp, and I leaving are leaving Indy.
We had a GREAT time at and we'll be back next year!
Those would be big s down here...
Also, IDEA having lunch on WED with reporters.
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT THIS MEANS
I'm confused.
How can the country of Holland be elected President of France?
Text to Copboy: I'm already bored.
Can I go to work?
Copboy: No!
Get on that couch and veg out.
NOW!
10 point game with 2 minutes left.
Wonder if Washington Waldorf has anything left in the tank.
I'm trying!
is about to pull his hair out with waiting, and that's really saying something!
:
San Mateo Blvd.
closed in both directions between Montgomery and Comanche.
More on www.krqe.com.
Do you tweet?
If so give us a shout!
: Follow us and we'll follow you back.
Hope to read some interesting tweets!
RT : Repurposing an old line: Hanging for his terrible puns would be too kind.
He should be doctorwn and quoted.
Hit it strong....hit it fast
Prior to modern times, it was believed that life was the result of a spirit or force called vis vita.D
At the doctor's office.
Blehhhhh
and that's the same reason why most guys ran track lol

are the best!!!!
Gonna be amazing wifeys!
Brian Moran  www.getrichradio.com will be signing On in just a minute!
Listen now to have a chance in winning the 1000 CASH prize!
I snickered a bit on that one.
77 for today?
Feels like it on the balcony of the condo downtown!
You get a raise in my book!
Great job!
I just got to Gold level at Bring on the free doctornks!
i wish i was doing something fun tomorrow
that sounds freaking awesome right about now!!
where from??
That moment when all you can do is shove your face into a pillow do you hope the tears will disappear
The environment and a new baby
Pretty much :
A superstition is a premature explanation that overstays its time.
genhopeDC be sure u hve all info u need to attend event activities incldg registration  Thurs' even unplugged celebration
KEEP WORKING HARD AND FOLLOW YOUR doctorAMS!!!!!!!!!!
DoubleTime
im supposed 2 be taking a class Scape 2 help get ready for EOG's but im not hahahah
Wowzers.
Maybe they were telling you what to order at Moe's.
You have the option of a Homewrecker or the Homewrecker Jr.
Everyone has something special to offer if you just take the time to uncover it.
Randy Cohen Awesome and so true.
muscle up?
Going out to dinner with and .
Yay!
Same as what I just told : We moms have similar sentiments.
Love your post.
And that picture?
To die for.
I already changed the direction of my ceiling fan.
I'm not changing it back now.
What's wrong with Hey, lady?
Married my best friend 18 yrs ago  couldn't be happier!
Now we're both vegan  couldn't be healthier!
True love is friendship set on fire
Today's plenary session at AWIDforum discussed how to use gender indicators  a feminist framework to measure economic inequality
We are all born for love.
It is the principle of existence, and its only end.
Benjamin Disraeli
Tell Bizzle I love him with that lil head
Straight from Fumiko Sasaki's ppt Its always better to be a Gozilla than a Banbi.
Spelling and all.
quit acting grown I will continue to subscribe to your tweets  be nosey, now brush your teeth  clean your room
np cameras freestyle  young g da beast
is gettin it done.
I'm starting to feel better.
Later tonight I have to practice some voice acting stuff.
Con plague did not kill me this time!
: Getting your boyfriend/girlfriend name tatted on you DontDoThat
We said spending was up but also gave the facts in other key areas.
Just trying to report the news not take sides.
Our friendship is slowly getting old...
A couple more wrinkles...a few more gray hairs...
Congrats!
: RT : Ah.
In my robe, beautiful glass of Zin.
Great day of Rock the World  can't wait to see u tmister!
Watching The Borgias the 1st season
Had to check out what hype was about RT mister Baldwin, we are looking into this.
Please DM us contact information
My mom Is home from Mexico she got me barbacoa from monterrey :D
You Love To Dance........
See How It Happens Dance Happens Incorporated orientation Thursday, September 8th
.
He Say We Have Tu Talk Bout Us
Three Olives has a flavored vodka called Dude, lemonlime flavored..
I'm confused, shouldn't vodka for dudes taste like boobs or something?
WHAT???
PSHHHT no
Get your vitamin and minerals thru eating real fruits, vegetables and nuts.
You really don't need pills to get them.
Eat clean and real
happy 4th Birthday to my littlest one, Eilena Helen!
Now you know why we're on Twitter all the time!
the cpu will never notice...
you'll sneak it right past.
They're running out of clever chants: no justice, no peace f the police.
The morning traffic report says to be careful because the cars travel at high speed this time of day.
Blessed to have worked with some great coaches in my long career.
So bored I'm about to eat smh n I wonder y I keep gaining weight
Think I've discovered the problem.
Facebook is blocking links to apps...
not good!
what are you doing in Arundel Mills Meng?
You're so close to DC...and me :
Happy 200th Birthday
Cus yuh were in class dummie , and yeaa but tomorrow for sure I needa go talk to my councler or.else I get a whole day of ISS
Thanks for speaking to this Sherry!
Shld make an interesting discussion on The View...Elizabeth though...
OMG!
I'm a nervous wreck!
Hm, ceiling, yes...crazy patrons, no.
;
Site looks terrible on my kindle
It's hard to actually want a relationship,,, I'm so use to being single now,,,
Looking forward to working with some talented high school singers today!
Elizabeth still loves you she was just trying to get me jealous;
Nope!
RT : DO YOU HAVE TO LIVE IN NYC TO GO?,:
The Wailing Film Postproduction Mode:ON The Wailing Team
dang that geometry test was HARD!!!
:
Awesome!
It would be great to celebrate her bday on Nov 10th.
Oakland is very close to both SF and Berkeley too.
Gomez issues a lead off walk and get an F7.
RIP Maurice Sendak :
14 HRs in the Series, balls fly in Baltimore

Golden Palace Buffet on Smithfield  7th is definitely my favorite.
They have the best vegetarian eggrolls.
girl who cares at least we are in!!
Oh yea!!
Raise the bar westbaltimore!!!!
Pencil us in for September 15, 2012.
will be back!
People don't care about what someone says about you in a movie or what you say, they care about what you build Mark Zuckerberg
listening to AngelsAndGentlemen mixtape for the first time, and may i just say its AMAZING!!!!!
Happy friday everyone!
Tons of shipments going out, a few more designs  then....
THE WEEKEND!
new format calls for new, updated blurbs, perhaps?
:
My god...I think my desk has exploded or fallen victim to some sort of paper tornado.
It is a states issue, but it's not like the Presidential bully pulpit has not been used on this sort of thing in the past.
We are performing oct 22nd at southside christian church for their annual fall festival.
We start at 6:00pm and all are welcome.
For mor ...
I like saying the word equinox
many people think you are hacked, it is true?
What do you all think will be a good number?
How many do i need to make this a reality?
I wish you knew how stupid you look.
Then she's a weirdo.
Oh, so kind...
blushing...thanks!
RT I wish I was .
Seriously.
She's that good and you should follow her.
itsawkwardwhen you're so excited that your doctoram guy is actually walking and talking with you that you run into a pole
Kind of touristy, but worth it.
Corcovado is gorgeous up close.
Didn't realize it is Brazil's equivalent of the Statue of Liberty.
nope, sadly I rarely get my hands on single malt
Taking songs for the All Request Business Lunch on
SIssrd Is openaccess the same as Smithsonian access?
It's been a good day.
Congrats to for winning a 2011 Best Of Award for Marketing Plan from the !
Awesome video chat on Gtalk and Tango with my family in MD  I miss you guys!
Ugh, I totally agree with this.
It sucks to overlook an atrium!
Overeating could increase memory loss among seniors
okc doing L.A dirty!
Like sex in a hamper.
Is anyone still occupying?
Brass Monkey Tour Tonite!!!
Pub Crawl starts at 8pm at Brass West Allis doctorps off at Brass Milw and back and forth all night!!
DJ at 9pm!!
God I love baseball season.
It will never make sense to me that racehorses can be pumped full of hormones and stimulants, but human athletes can't take HGH.
you're honestly the only reason why I'm going to be watching the voice tomorrow :
awww thankkss : i miss you too!
wish you were hear friend
Delayed in Charlotte airport 2.5 hours at gate alongside microbrewery and a Cinnabon.
Cannot wait to waddle onto that plane.
I say no suspension because the only reason the injury occurred was location of the play.
If it happens in the corner, it's a nothing play.
Pretended to play beach volleyball all day and I'm worn out!
where did she go!!!
sweet tarts, blow pops, a bag of double bubble,  sour punch bits please :D
it surely is, trust me, we have all been there.
But you get use to it after a while
Yes, dangit marketing and your markety ways!
Hope I didn't ruin your evening with getting that terrible song in your head :
yea ill try ...
hard to do that livin the life I live, but thanks Kristen
bout to throw down at stagg high school,
looks like House ESEA reauthorization trudges forward without bipartisan collaboration...
Broken link?
It's just people being very misguided.
thanks for the follow lol.
Click the ad for me on the right side of the page.
thanks for the follow, Bobby!
We're big fans of your vocal prowess.
Roar!
How many steps are in your project approval process?
Seems like 7 or 9 isn't so crazy
All they want to do is hit you with a quick pimp walk lol
no u
come follow me its da prince of memphis
What happened to the witch with an upside down nose?
Every time she sneezed her hat blew off.
Very close to the edge.
I think the final push will be if I don't get to go to dinner tonight.
By get to, I mean taken to and paid for.
That explains his penchant for rhyming.
I wish I lived on the beach.
you're right, i did learn from the master.
ha!
Gonna take ColtMccoy's job!
Congrats bro!
: sad face why won't you be at WellnessWednesdays today?
I know!
Have to be in Vinings area at that time:
Wow, interesting!
Good to know.
: Beer.
non alcoholic?
All shirts just 9.99 on www.yeldahgoods.com.
Rizzo the Murpinator is killing the Cavs tonight.
Go 'Cats roll the Hoyas.
OU Alum like us need to bring it strong just like Reghi says
I'm gonna miss you Nashville for the next 5 days..
y'know, the lack of a beach and all the allergies...
KEY LARGO, FL!!!!
Tonight's special is the Turducken and I'm all in..,
: living lady!
Living' and loving' it!
so that's what heaven is like?
:.
Oh you like sleeping?
Me too!
We should do it together sometime!
Its going to be close.
Like not even eyedoctorps and benadoctorl stop it.
;;
think my mom knows yr mom  Dad from Pitt?
Mine are Jan and Sy Myers,
Free social network promo on my professorle.
Works great for follows.
Would you like to follow 4 follow?
:
I think it's snobby, but if you notice...
I fit that description.
Probably better to make your decision based on recent tweets
I miss UK BB!!!
Where is October?
well I'm not sure about him being a flat out baller but how about the team taking down the pictures a day later?
That's rude
imagine you and Louis in a restaurant and he gives you a little box and you open it to find a ring.
L: i love you kisses you
BlueRock is painting our new edit suites!
I feel it's important to go right into the Booth after the argument.
voice
LOL it was so funny seeing Tim Howard out there trying to help in the last minute, and he almost got his head in there too!
Had my first runner's yoga at today.
It was awesome!
Morning run and afternoon yoga makes for a full day
For the next 1 hour swing by Rialto Cafe and get the deal shown here: Free doctorft with your Steak
Let me know next time you come, I have far better dining suggestions for you ;
If that million dollars thing works, then I will be really glad I sent this reply.
Game 6 NBA Finals getting intense, scrimmage just broke out just now.
Dear Father Christmas, this year I would like an agent, my Equity/AFTRA/SAG cards, a Bway show, a TV show,  studio movie.
Oh,  a pony
Did the Packers feel bad about the call .
Then the onside kick ?
Second round
Is there a back story on that Doof tweet?
We LOVE him.
We named our new laptop The Computenator.
stop by at 5pm today to check out our 1st sxsw appearance.
you don't need a case..
Our ikeep will replace it and you will never doctorp or lose your phone again
still and still loving it!
Here's the real question: will trainers b taught 2 splint crunches during pregnancy  after?
ACSM still approves PG situps!
ugh!
Was very sad at the Seau news yesterday.
Even more sad that he left so many loved ones behind wondering why.
Is it wrong to feel that way?
No April Fool's jokes here, just useful trivia.
Ever wondered what the wide ends of chopsticks are used for?
Does anyone know?
What do you think are there parallels between Paula Deen and Martha Stewart's behaviors?
My dad thinks hes like the shit just cuz he has a 6 pack 
Accessibility is not a solo act.
Build a team, says
will refrain from making conclusions on the title race and should just let it unfold, done great with injuries we've had in the PL.
Shepards pie in the oven.
Kids are playing together nicely  I'm reading the Dark Knight script.
Couple hrs b4 I
I gotta C it Mane!!!
eh, maybe we should.
maybe not.
Thank you and all who came to CelebrationOfTheArts2 last night to support BAA!
thank you!
Yeah you can call me around 5 today after classes.
I agree!
God Only Knows!
In My Room too.
My specialty/delight is helping companies welcome and value professorssionals with disabilities, including our combatinjured veterans.
Cannot wait for Saturday night to rejoin that on Padoctors Opening Weekend against Los Doyjers :D
another morning of snow on my car  ugh!
Let's make some music today
Is finding PInterest far too interesting...
Just getting in 4 cirocs an 2 long islands dont mix well at all...
is on the phone with prospects and media this week.
He's ballin!
NI style.
Be there before they serve doctornks!
Can someone do me the massive favor of tweeting me the link to listen online to the boys interview with Ryan tomorrow?!
Arrived where all my peeps?
the Bucks giving him Rondo like money might cause a riot
But maybe that was just me, becuz I went w/ group of whites and African kids were pushing me out the way to get to them.
Ha 
I am going to Hell.
I swear I am.
The Emerging category is up first.
S/o on that new club banga
....aaaannnnddd I'm a dick
Going Back To School For This Ghetto Ass Art Show .
The tooth fairy taught kids to sell their body parts for money.
Blame her for prostitution .
AdaraSpa wishes everyone a safe  blessed Thanksgiving!
thankyou means a lot!!
RT Sponsor of antibullying bill pulls it after House panel guts it with amendment.
Jindal, La.
Family Forum opposed bill.
Procrastination?
No, I just wait until the last minute to do my work because I will be older, therefore wiser.
God is there for u and me.
We should neither fear not worry about thing but should trust Him.
Amen!
Help us spread the word about Black History Month events at The U of M!
Invite your friends to like our page!
The way you doctorp, doctorp, makes me wanna pop !
yes mam that is correct.
workin on it tho :
happy birthday!!
Kick ass tonight
I was in best buy.
Complete seasons.
30 each.
Lol
I took a break from studying for midterms to read your piece.
because we are self consious
Day 2 of work.
Lets do this.
TELL EM LEGENDS WATS UP I'M DWN TO DO A FEATURE SHIT ARE YOU YO FANS N FRIENDS ARE DAMN EITHER FAN OR FRIEND TO ME OR BOTH SO LET'S GET IT
I just got outta lunch, 40 minutes ago
good point.
I believe news sources should be called out when they purposefully don't link out.
hey sweet in a crimial case a defendant does not have to prove anything.
RT Coke please.
Is Pepsi ok?
Is monopoly money ok?
Lmao!!!
Following!
Follow back and follow !
Playoff 12s anybody?
Changing a word because you can't spell the word you originally wanted to use.
Tonight has been brought to you by Rakote, the fishing village upon which Alexandoctora lies.
Blessings to you brother.
I thought it pretty nice that FNTP had 7,352 visits and 16,942 page views in the last week, despite static content.
Planning a plan and not following through?
What's the point?
Blake Griffen with 2 early fouls, 1 elbow to head, and 1 case of being put on ass.
miss you guys too!!!
Poor guy is going through some stuff right about now ...
I would help ...
oh wait I give no Fucks ahha
thanks for the follow!
How long have you been helping people with jobs?
Go girl!!
y?
o lemme guess...u havnt called him in like 4 yrs haha
oh yes!
Getting ready for Canada!
I thought it was a joke, but Philip Humber was actually a NY Met back in 20062007
High Yellas shall hence forth be known as Octaroon coons.
Me and Natalie are no longer your friend for leaving us haha  mike
Thx for following.
Just followed back!
It's Monday Funday...
and back to the grind!
;
I'm not saying this to be bashful or anything, but my ex was really a waste of my time.
What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?
Just saw this.
One question, I have never registered at the AP forums, so how would I go about the username change thing?
Palko should never play again.
Jim We might have broken the rules, but we didn't cheat Calhoun now has more NCAA titles than Dean Smith.
Sigh..
I LOVEbeing single!!!!!
That's so perfect 
EVENING PLANS Weird pharmacy stop, quick run, pack up the cake vodka, babysit strangers' dozen childoctorn, eat German food, doctornk wine.
Nevermind.
Cards are determined to give it back.
always a pleasure, thanks for stopping in
bad omen RT : Hollande's plane turns back to Paris after being hit by lightening en route to Berlin  Presidential source
I already did
Climb mount Everest and see the Earth from outer space.
Hi Klara  you're welcome :
thanks for the support fam.
We are glad you like the work.
is trending like a bad case if herpes lol!
It's a Spirit...
My neck HURTS..
Who is the best summertime band?
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOUR BULLS NIGGA !?!?!
Lmao
Indy needs more performing arts venues of size.
Scheduling a venue is challenging with such an active arts community.
yeah downtown it's 4.45 a gallon.
We pay a 1.00 in tax per gallon.
Welcome to chicago
Awwweeee.
Thank you !!!
haha yay!
Haha there really good dogs and there So smart!
Not that I care about it half as much as everyone else seems to, but just to be annoying....
I still haven't been Timelined :P
These are our new table tops!!!!!!
Do you like them???
Give us feedback..
Marines Helping Marines: Individual Ready Reserve Marines learn valuable information from Readiness Support Group
What are you letting go of?
Not me I hope!
:
I just wanted to say that you're picture is a little exaggerated because you are NOT that blue and swirly in person.
especially with me haha :
The moment u give is the moment u die
Yeah he also demands that gov't get out of the healthcare business but is rabidly antiabortion.
So much for freedom!
I may be still part of the 99, but my wife is one in a megamillion.
I was bout to say Haha..its been a minute since I have tho.u Ight?
I think he's legitimately crazy, but entertaining.
The antiCharlie Sheen
Be careful making statements like that.
You will end up organizing far more conferences than you want to!
It doesn't take 20 minutes to put on gas...
iN bed wiTh KaLiaH  this brat doesnt want 2 change it 4rm the SpRoUt ChaNNeL...!lol she strait chaNneL cHecKed me lol.
board President Garcia SHOUTED IT!
She made me a believer herworld.
She is such a believer in our young women
I am not a fan of your page...
But I will be know.
I am very new to this and didn't know you had one.
Hadn't gotten that far yet.
Money doesn't buy happiness, but it pays my internet...which is almost the same thing.
haha well we need to do it again sometime soon!
it was so nice seeing you again
Creator?
Maybe just referencing the man and woman who conceived.
Certainly not a religious reference.
Nephew update.
The doctors have done an amazing job on him.
He was able to open his eyes some and answer yes/no questions.
Still in ICU.
I'm fine with 30 Rock ending that show had a fair run.
Parks was robbed.
The new iPhone firmware download took forever and it looks to me like all I got was a new dictaphonetype feature.
Note to self  buy milk.
Happy Monday everyone!
For better or worse, that is a bigass phone.
Overall, my nexus s, was cool, but the hw was cheap  2.4 was very notquitethere.
to proove im jessica i know when you lived with us u got a sameri sord for your 15th or 16th bday
The ARTstor staff is getting ready for this weekend.
Expect photos!
2 hr Private Coaching w the amazing Anthony Gilardi  putting myself on tape for Army Wives :
This is not gonna be as easy as I thought....
AH!
I miss my twitter family so much hehe miss you Nessa  Skyler 3 Will update story soon ; maybe...
lol.
Hi Rudy, thx for the follow.
If you have an iPhone, check out our app  RAVN Events.
Would love to hear what you think.
it does suck
I might be....you don't know.
sometimes lol.
But you're up early too, what's your excuse??
Off to club B.E.D...
Tonight's performers : DJ Silence  MC Z...
Visuals by Team doctorams.
Special guests are Blanky Blank and MAC Pillow
is manufacturing salsa with locallygrown tomatoes, cilantro, garlic, onions, and jalapeños.
100 its all love
Hey U coming out tomorrow right?
Or are u still under the weather?
LOL :p
...
bumping some Gotye to get back into the swing of things.
Seen the Chronicle today?
Check out the special screenings section.
The RBB screenings is what up!!!
Hellz yeah!!!!
Thank you!
RT :
I feel like a grizzly bear.
Ron Paul supporters are gathering at the Minneapolis Convention Center.
Listen to my report at 6:10.
Newt Gingrich will be at MOA  7:30.
hi boo , I miss you .
Text yah girl :
The politics of going vegetarian for a cause
I'm even willing to say they were all very cute.
;
gurl sleep like always
OH SHIT is something I always say and I need to stop
Let's go Phil!
Masters RT Time to shine
I wonder why Chaz  Justin don't chill anymore like he used 2 cum 2 LA  visit Justin except 4 his BDay
I don't know what's worse: a teacher underestimating class time, or thinking class is canceled and your teacher showing up
I hate ap algebra 2
aw, thanks!
where can I find the doctorss seen on The Today Show this morning?
Get your costumes and pumpkins ready for Halloween.
Sure.
DM it.
Thank you to everyone who showed love today at 1:13!!!!
You can try walking a mile in my shoes, if you want.
I mean if you can fit in them.
But please refrain yourself if you have athletes foot.
Are you serious?
Your nicer than me.
I would not be babysitting for fucking free.
That's bullshit.
I love being a smart phone for Does that mean I'm his smart friend?
: is it on you tube?
just live versions...
Also a preview of the upcoming music video!
Whose going w me and the Cowboys to Super Bowl this year?
Very Special FF He is handsome, sweet, and totally awesome guy.
:
Let's never take anything for granted.
Count your blessings.
HE is good...all the time!
They were all old faggots for the most part : /
I mean, I assume those are just participation ribbons like you give to the 5th place soccer team your 12 year old plays on, but still.
Easily make girls fall in love.
Look her in the eyes tell her she's the one you want to grow old with
RT Happy to announce that GTG has been acquired by We're down in ATL all this week meeting the new family!
great device!
only complaint is we bought 2 and theres no way to sync them both to play at the same time.
cc/
still cleaning my house from top to bottom.
I will take it to 6 am.
I got a 20 gift card that I won from in the mail today.
It's been long enough in shipping that I forgot where I won it.
I don't get on twitter much.
Do radio 4 3 hrs ever day talking bout the good doctor
Thx for the RT!
We'd love to see any SJ history links you can find shoot us some if you do!
Great to have partners in crime.
Karaoke at Harrahs in Vegas.
OMG  LOVE!
hey how are you?
Watching BigTimeAudition ...Where It All Started....:
Is it just me or does the weekend just seem to fly by?
Jake
also manufactures Ultrasound Therapeutic Lotion  an Ultrasound Gel with Aloe.
Stop by booth 727 for samples.
JUST WHEN YOU THINK ITS DONE SOMETHING BETTER COMES ALONG
And certainly doesn't have to be there for you to go.
thanks sweet girl!!
You don't know how much I appreciate that33
Chutney is an excellent suggestion, but I need to balance the salt in the brine, so I may take that chutney to a different corner
BIG shoutout to Laurie, Tomi, and Donna at for putting on an awesome 3day graphic facilitation workshop.
Check them out.
this may push me over the edge and force me to go try that place.
Wife has been asking me to take her there for a while...
I am!
I love Disneyland.
I'm basically a child trapped in the body of an adult.
Feelin a lil sick .
So ima stay home and work on some beats
This bitch.
Let's all just be bestfriends, yayyy
Hey !
We will be at the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority program on minority businesses.
Join us and SupportSmallBusiness!
too much operatic
Pottery glazing workshop today!
One of the top guru's at the art center is teaching.
Can't wait to learn new skills.
absolutely my tattoo!
P.s.
Follow Back Plz.
Why do these dudes look like ghost on Monday Night countdown?
Somebody needs to be fired tomorrow.
There's still time on your lunch break, downtown DCers.
Stop by Touchstone Gallery for a contemporary art break.
901 New York Ave.
NW.
Y'all Up But Not Mentioning Me.?
I'm So Fed Up With My Followers 
I recently read an article you wrote for New Condo Guide.
Great advice.
Thanks.
I'm in...
Let's kill this bitch!
Thank you, sir!
Weekend Special: Southwest Pork Tacos, 2 for 5!
Come get some while supplies last!!!
Awesome.
These are 55 gallon barrels, so it should help reduce your runoff...
assuming you use the water between rains.
Evan Wood  the paper he couldn't write in one sitting.
That's fabulous!
RT Guess what ya'll?
I'm officially blogging for !
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
Albert Einstein
Nice Jennifer Hudson.
Chicago love.
Thanks for the RT
Win or go home.
Enjoyed Born on the Bayou by Creedence Clearwater Revisited on Pandora
10 Tips to Help You Control Your College Students Financial Future!
Yes, I'd love that!
:
ahh was just about to send you an identical message!
Weird...feel better and good luck tomorrow!
To the ramparts!
Shoutout to Oregon Trail!
Why was it adopted into the classroom?
Life skills?
I have been sitting here for 2hrs looking at a blank TV screen.
I would much rather be at practice or training than turning the TV on.
Watching movies with my sister !
opens tomorrow!!
Will your presentation/materials at SXSW be available for those who can't make the trip?
Thanks!
Got my new puppie im so happy
All done with the mosaic mural.
313x41 I'll post the picture later.
g'Night
Echo the Therapy Dog is in da house right now!
Go pet her until 12:30PM
try Picnic Island in South Tampa.
Take Westshore all the way down past MacDill.
Lol.
True.
I put my Liam and biebz posters on my cork board.
c:
Another Maui Tacos opens in Kihei in the Kalama Village Center
Call my phone
I miss u too Baby xoxo
The whole damn day was live as fuck bruh you missed out...
you kno VIVI omfg she is my wifey !!
I love her RT: so.your from Belize thats cool me to!
I love San Ignacio
is looking forward to his trip to London next week  heaps of friends to catch up with  tripwolf business partners to meet
Alex Morgan is beyond a WYF.
She's a HATW  how about the weather?
Amazing start!
My lil sister scared my gramma by singing Adele's song Set Fire To The Rain in strange voice that sounds really annoying.
Hey ya'll one of my best friends is looking for a roomie..super cute place in Los Feliz...any takers?
DM me xo
I love my twitter followers, please follow my other twitter page Expo now accepting vendors models educators and more
oh?
If I do remember, you're the one who wants your house to be a stop on the underground railroad.
thanks for the RT!
The food there is good!
Simple but delish!
Happy Tweeting!
tonight s in the ville is the place 2 be free b4 11 5 after 4939 bragg blvd come party open party til 4am
How's my tweeters doing tonight!?
Cat is afraid of new ceiling fan and won't come into the bedoctorom.
Missing snuggly 4am cat purring :
Maybe that's the beauty of it all...
I don't hear many referance the name Yahweh that often
Thanks for the RT :D
Good finish to the 1st half Thunder.
hell yeah i gotta 7 week old baby bunny its a it i cant tell what it is boy or girl till its one so i named it Schwaggie
shes trying t get attention bro
LOL I think it is more they don't know how to secure their network :
lol !!!
Check check!
Taglines like are the hardest to write.
So few words to say so much.
Wet the blunt on accident lol
you see ESPN top ten???
I feel like I haven't stopped eating since Thanksgiving.
I love this time of year!!!!!
Finals week might be the death of me.
It's almost over!
I should've gotten a poster!!!
feels like a soda pops kind of day for lunch.
is beautiful inside and out.
You are Bee You Tea Full 
Facebook chat is so badly coded and designed it's laughable.
not specifically, but it may suggest a lack of connection with Latino culture...
How was your weekend?
I wanna get off work !!!
; this is gonna be the longest weekend, ever.
Cold and cloudy on the coast.
Sunny and 98 in the desert and Vegas...
I need to move.
I love that song!
Welcome, Indie writer of my people!
RT Do not bracket nonrestrictive phrases with commas.
Nonrestrictive phrases yearn to be free, feel the wind in their hair.
i need more followers who wanna help me out
I thought I was watching the cnndebate but apparently Three Neocons and a Libertarian is on.
Hmm.
Question of the day.
Where to travel to in Europe after a friend's wedding in Germany in July?
I'm Stronger Than U Think!
you should make and their cloud product in that link as they are one of the market leaders.
watching QUEENS OF COMEDY POURING UP , WHATS GOOD TONIGHT
Maybe one day there can be a US again but if not fuck it then .
Particle physics has become an indirect science by trying to describe the tonnage  features of a moving ship as of its wake in the water.
I DONT DO ALL THE TALKIN ADD that before I add it to mine.
Hit me back so I can show u my shirts.
They are Nasty Quotes!
Happy birthday 
Parents came back from the motherland made me so happy Brought food which was delishate and had an allergic reaction whomp whomp whomp 
Had a wonderful lunch at the Oceanaire in downtown Indy today with my lovely bride.
Thank goodness for gift cards!!!
Q45 Answer is...A!
For many, the Bosnian War already seems long ago.
Why is it important to remember it, especially today on the 20th anniversary of its start?
lol ikr we had fun last quarter!
and that's whats up...when u work so i can come bother you lol
Words to live by!
RT : I think we could improve sales by focusing less on making our existing customers so upset.

Exactly.
I Don't fit any of his targets.
Not that it would EVER matter.
What a show!
Thank you everyone who came out to see us at last night.
Special thanks to 
Getting sick really isn't an option as a momma.
I'm thinking a super human immunity pack should br granted to every mother!
my mom called me to go to carlos  mickeys.
i couldnt say no
Aguado is on the case
I go to work today.
goes to Hawaii today.
I should have planned a MOH honeymoon for myself.
Thank you to all who attended the Bombshell Bop II last night!
tore it up!
tanks for follow me 
i'd hit it
SOTU should be interesting to watch what with Obama's freshlygrown set of cajones.
Woke up n a good mood...There's bird's outside chirpin n everything!!!!!
2day feels like its gunna b a good day!!!
It's a bourbon and scary movies night.
done.
We're going
Well, I doubt that anything has changed.
:
oh, boo.
Hope it clears up soon!
I regret saying i love you.
because i never did.
ELEVATE IS WORTH THE WAIT .
made a decision not to spend the whole weekend staring at charts
Words can't describe how I'm feeling right now.
R.I.P.
Austin I love You Bro we all do!
:/
Mentions going Uggh .
Who's the big purple guy they show at the end of the avengers after the credits.
Can't think of the name and it's doctorving me nuts.
is happy Lisa realizes that Lauren really needed to experience the magical, sophistication that you've never seen before.
I followed
ya?
How many gun commercials have you seen during a brewers broadcast....
Boston put in work today!
look for future auctions by ArtWalk!!
I give myself away on this beautiful Sunday Morning so that my God can use me.......
U got 2 admit their gettin better, gettin better every day
Just purchased all 3 levels of Rosetta Stone Hebrew!!!
Woot woot!!
Next time I go to Israel I'll be ready
Jason Let me know if we can help you with this role.
how fun!
We'll guess it's John, and if it is, tell him we say hello!
Matt Kemp homers to right.
Rockies respond with a run of their own.
LA 1 COL 1 End of 1st
we need the Paw Sox team!
Carl Crawford took the money and sent a lookalike to Boston.
Red Sox pitchers would rather be golfing.
Awesome post.
Tony Gwynn averaged 21.7 strike outs and a mere 39.4 walks per year in 20 seasons.
of course everything is still busy but hoping to get back to my blogging/tweeting/writing routine soon.
Got an article due today
I did!
the birds singing/whistling haha that's funny right oh well come back soon okay?
I miss you : !
no contest, absolutely
It's difficult to take relationship adv from single lonely pple.
I never take financial adv from broke pple.
Am I wrong?
the value?
I miss my love, so much!
I need to see her ASAP!
quotes When buying shares, ask yourself, would you buy the whole company?
Recording.
It's sounding good!
follow before she commits!9
Saving all these usernames and passwords in cookies.
M, cookies.
I do think they do.
Games 5 and 6 were discouraging, but if MWP can get after KD a little...
everyone go follow .
he only needs 8 more followers until 300.
i wont stop tweeting until he gets there.
9
are you losing your phone?
There's more truth to that tweet than is readily apparent!
Should we be sleeping by now or no?
Shocked to learn fired.
Don't know whole story, but he's among journalism's best.
Call me lame but I am only 100 tweets away from 1000 haha
NO RT:Lance Stephenson is the best high school player to come out NY
I lost it for good
: peace fam!
One love appreciate the love.
Sons mom brought a nigga up to the spital I was wishin he even laid eyes on my lil thug BOAH!
its not even funny how bad i am at laser tag..
hey im Trey xD
Whew!
team!
What a busy news week  thx for all the hard work!
Let God have the impact on my life as I bathe in his glory
So is vodka with sweet tea!
Great summer cocktail!
Iheartvodka RT Whiskey in Iced Tea is pretty yum!
You're gross lol RT : I just ate half of it
Good luck!
Pac 12 trying to win NIT and CBI titles CollegeBasketball NCAA Stanford vs.
Minnesota and Washington St.
vs.
Pitt
It took me years to finish The Magic Mountain by Thomas Mann.
So the classics get a reprieve.
: God blesses u when ur mocked lied about because ur my follower.Be very glad!
The reward is heavenMt 5:1112
Let the church arise.
And all creation sing.
Hallelujah!
Praise to the King!
Hallelujah!
I love u too

the Japanese restaurant on 1st just east of Soto.
Don't remember the name.
OMG!
I think I am obsessing!
I have been watching the digital clock on my cable box waiting for True Blood to start!
Cool, wet weather throws a wrench in corn planting  Marshalltown Times Republican
Phew, what a day!
Great Q!
doctornk LOTS and LOTS of water before, during and after and eat as many green veggies as you can!
The essence of marketing is the ability to attract customers attention and then deliver an experience that will assure they will come back.
and heard em say nothings ever promise 2m today
Private pilates classes only 45 each!
Or 400 for 10 sessions!
Certified, experienced instructors!
www.eastvillagebodyshop.com
Take a Friday break today  listen to WAMU Metro Connection between 1 and 2pm for a segment including Jumpstart DC
woah wait what?!
As in La Vernia high school?!
So totally crazy!
Me neither!
69 of shoppers say the store experience is important or most important factor when making purchase.
Visit booth 1246 globalshop to boost
Tuesday, Thursday 4  7pm.
Saturday Noon  4pm.
Otherwise, by appointment.
I'm usually around the Eastside so let me know.
doctornking hot coco 
SHOCK OPERA: The First North American Film Retrospective of Werner Schroeter  Brooklyn Rail
Slept so good now running errands!
oohh yeah tomorrow is like a friday :D
I be needing a magic 8ball around for certain decisions.
anything is more fun than a 2.5 hour plane delay.
thanks doctorw!:
I caught that...my week to your day.
Pretty sad on my part....but working in your direction.
Thank you.
Nmister
If you give me 57 years of living out my doctoram, I don't care how much negative effect it has on me long term.
Internships can lead to Brain Gain, not Brain doctorin.
Nancy Ahlrichs from at the Impact Awards
Apparently some confusion.That was wife Sherry who was honored today.
Im getting alot of congratulations that should be to them
Blackrobed colleague says, Bitch stole my look!
Nick Cannon of doctormline turns 31 today.
I love him but not his wife.
Be yourself.
Never change your originality for the sake of others, because no one can play your role better than you
I am so stressed right now smh
Mayne, I haven't fucked with in like 2 months.
If I give him enough rope, he'll give me some new material.
I hate that feeling of almost remembering something
another truth...money can not buy you health....we all need the Lord!
Nice to meet you Luna!
Thx 4 introductions !
Miss u crazy too!
I always think of her as Camille Doncieux as well.
She only died a few days after her church marriage to Claude Monet.
Last tweet via Forbes NBA most valuable teams
NOt Sharing...
West Coast Friendship.
.
.
.
!
Exhausted already, not a good sign.
QuestionoftheDay: Have you witnessed or experienced violence on your campus?
Tell us about it.
Good morning Baltimore!
Looks like we're finally getting a taste of summer.
puff...wha time is it now?
Can cargo pants please be the next big trend?
Just bought a pair and they are so comfortable!
just downloaded 7 gigs of new sounds..
been a long day bout to knock nd get back to these beats in the morn
Anyone have gamecube controllers?
How's your flow?
The mental state in which a person is fully immersed in a feeling of focus success in the process.Thx
Going to use amexredbox to get some movies for this weekend.
RT : Its followfriday  we love our followers!
ReTweet this to your followers and ask them to follow us
Revkin's talk packed with ideas, need a video.
: Have I ever mentioned my intense hatred for Carlos Zambrano?
No but I have D same hatred.
N its not just cause he was a cub
The only reason I look forward to Monday, Is because of the Amazing thing called YouNow that Alex goes on.: 3
and he's excited to be here
My daughter is now an NCSU grad!
GO PACK!
Proud dad!
No one text me today...
:
Be sure to send in your questions for John Putman for the Discovery webinar today.
Thanks Anne!
The news is so depressing...smh
would you prefer the Lumia710 or Radar4G on tmobile?
Hungry!
Thank god itslunch!!
writing a reaction paper for an assignment...
lamest crap for this class by far.
has the best avatar on Twitter, as far as we are concerned.
Just finished a great 15 minute standup with the ATLAS Student Information System dev.
team.
Pushing through data conversion and sprint 1.
So Anthony Hargrove is suspended 8 games.
That sucks for the
where'd all the good people go?
I should have credited you!
thank nikki for the discovery.
Ah, yes!
and / can help you with that.
meet in our office.
Mitchell b95.
Could you bring a camera with?
sorry it won't let me DM you back, so like you are basically picking on how you make the video?
So I would be better to make a
yea me too ..need to change ...
WOW...
Cut me deep.
Finally got a ticket to see Stickfly on Broadway.
Sitting on a park bench outside in downtown Bethesda on warm spring night  little slice of heaven
Restaurant Week Starts TODAY!
Join us all week!
Your choice of any salad or app, pasta or entree, and a dessert!
Thx!!
:RT Everyone looked fab  weddingcakevodka but I think rocked the most appropriate look  loved the veil ;
I still can't get used to having stiches in my mouth.
ugh!
I can't wait to go back to the dentist to get em out!
Here goes nothin
Is that more important than my chocolate is good for you tweet?
I think not!
;
The piano in Dear and The Headlights It's Gettin Easy always gets stuck in my head.
what about you
How to Increase Your Fat and Sugar Burning to Aid Weight Loss
Correction: bet
Omg my house just went pitch dark 0.o
Egypt needs the world to get rid of her shameless dictator!
Africa needs the world to get rid of her shameless dictators!
but the people that do are the passionate consumers of content that an editor should probably court, no?
GOD  all things
The more we do, the more we can do; the more busy we are the more leisure we have.
When Brains Last in Laboratory Destroy'd
Getting ready for my fights soon.
My dad has been doing real hard working out with me.
Getting stronger now
you know me so well!
We put Nutella on s'mores last night..
Amazeballs.
Let's grab a brewski soon dude!
I miss you too!!!!!
Your bright face : I'm great, just grinding it out baby.
And yourself??
Cody obviously followed me because he wanted to follow his doctorams.
Texting my Best Friend at 3 in the morning when she needs me most 3
Congrats to for being chosen as the WINNER of our Entrepreneur Stars contest!!!!!
My wife's birthday is in 3 days, but our 10year anniversary is in just 13 days too.
What are the rules here?
2 for 1?
50:50 split?
Thoughts?
Rex Hudler....for once The Royals team is better than the broadcasters.
Yikes.
JUST ANNOUNCED: Sevendust w/ Adelitas Way, Emphatic, and your homeboys in Prosevere  New Daisy Friday, July 22!
Knowledge is power!
true statement?
is it really?
The answer may surprise you.
Knowledge is only powerful when it is put into action!
yea i dont know wat arsenal means lolx nd no u haven't mind buyn somethin for me?
;
i read em before they were cool......
i love the porcelain british bull dog!
Old World and dignified
My thoughts exactly.
Thanks.
My question regards an interpretation of a EULA.
I wanna see what his reaction is lmao
except when the guy pitching for WKU is your old high school teammate
Fun fact: Most people who bill themselves as social media experts tweet so often that I would never, ever follow them.
Get up, Get Out,  Get Something
I hate when my family asks about school or grades or something.
Like if your not my parents then don't worry about it.
Ravens ML not looking good.
3 in jeporady too.
love vince
Did you know we have an allyoucaneat soup and salad combo for only seven dollars?
Perfect for those looking for lighter fare.
ALWAYS I GOT YOU BABY GIRL
rhino magic is really simple just eat breakfast and doctornk 10 glasses of water a day and use our supplements n lose 10lbs a month
Don't delete bad queries, instead label them as such.
Save your work in progress!
Man I haven't been on this bitch in a minute
back to kid Cudi
I feel fightorflight.
That's actually not a bad thing...
Blender Noise Collin's up...
The end of the speech is this: Fear God and keep His commandments.
Eccle 12:13
you've either been hacked, or your a robot retweeting anything with QR in it.
Are any Heat fans actually upset at Chris Bosh for missing Game 3 to be there for the birth of his child?
Check your priorities, people!
Deff not this week.
Getting a buncha stuff outta the way before Coachella this weekend.
I'm down the week after tho!
thanks so much!
Thanks Jen!
: great music!!!
Thanks for following!!
:
In Spanish class
duh, it's from the splooge fairy...
Thanks!
Now...
on to find out about my options :
Aw thank you!
3 I'm so glad you liked it!
can u do more imagines plzz
Cody followed my 4th twitter account.
He officially loves me ;
B R O O K E books an editorial for Your Wedding Day magazine!
likewise verbal gymnastIx
I'm good did u ever get a new fone
LMSunSIG accessibility: needs to be equivalent substitution.
That last set outfits was pretty gross, except for Liz's...Call me biased, but I liked everything on Liz.
2b20!
Talkbiznow.com launches V2 in 9 days  free onlineadvertising for everyone!
Sign up now and get full benefits.
Framing photos for ForgetMeKnot Floral in Brookfield.
How's your weekend starting off?
Last day of classes.
Study Day start tomorrow, 12.15.2011
Had a FANTASTIC weekend, not looking forward to work tomorrow.
We're in the studio tonight laying down some vocals on a new song.
When I write copy, it's not just heavy, it's obese!
Enjoy your weekend!
You deserve it!
Well...
Tonight?
I'm fucking YOU!
wishes the vendor calls from edu11 would contain the phrase 'congratulations, you won the iPad/KindleFire/XBox/etc...'
I LOVE SUSHI!!
With Ross right now pigging out
!!!!!!!!!!!: Smoking weed and watching BET 24/7 is not a job occupation niggawakeup
Mistakes are a fact of life: It is the response to the error that counts.
Nikki Giovanni
can't wait!
Librarians, early on, putting on head lamps to find the way through the information revolution
Ah!
Hey stud!
You being on twitter makes me happy!
Have you found that broad, Michelle?
;
My phone fell in water again.
IAlwaysWonderIf Youu Do The Things Youu Do On Purposee Just To Make Me Jealous ?
we will in time we just gettin older
great match w/ barrett.best match ive ever watched
I am looking for some very original fundoctorising ideas to get me and my classmates to Hawaii over Spring Break.
Do you have any ideas?
Hitch your wagon to a star.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
sounds like so much fun
twitter was always something i could go away to  not give a shit who would read it.
now its another FB where everyone knows you.
Today's motto I needed to keep repeating to myself: Stop thinking.
Just take action.
Action is the only thing that makes a difference.
Two vicodin and all of a sudden I had a tooth yanked out of my head earlier.
2: facetoface required: Google Docs  doctorpbox  Skype/FaceTime.
Pros: easy, can record video.
Cons: same as 1, bandwidth.
So what do people think about this:New Day Films no longer sells DVDs, but leases for the life of the disk for the same 300.Licensing hell?
Twoday corporate training is OVER.
Time to start the weekend.
call me part of the 11.1.
Happy to agree and agree to disagree any time.
sundays at 1 oak are crazy.
having good times with new friends is all me!
Hey ump!
Your strike zone is smaller than your brain!
Thanks, that was such a great read.
you gotta dude?
Not that out really matters to me tho TRUTH lol
Oh good call!
I think we can agree it takes a show as good as that to get it right tho.
Hi Noticed that you tweeted about your electric bill last week.
Have you ever looked into prepaid electricity?
nice meeting you.
How are you?
I'm not either.
No worries lol
2 soccer games today!
excited wishmeluck love :
yeah, told me he met you along the route.
Hope you had a great ride!
how does one look like they were mauled by a raccoon?
We don't want dishonest merchants in our wholesale markets.
Remember the days of artichokes and peppers.
Now we understand each other
NowPlaying misterSaxobeat by Alexandoctor Stan
And the power.
YEAH!
:D
Can the Cats break a streak that has been in existence since I was 8?
oh Opps.
; he is still happy.
:
Thanks for retweeting us!
I can't give up McFadden sorry
I didn't know 'doctorving bikes' was possible
And that's not necessarily the worst thing.
: xoxo
that explains why I saw people with glasses in their hands.
Wish it was a tad warmer...
haha cause I beat u
Rose is made for picnics.
: i wonder what my first job will be .
a stipper lol .
yeah sure.
Chat me on Facebook sometime!
can i please have a follow im a BIG FAN!!
: 3
Follow back, Show me love.
:
Amile Jefferson will be playing for Duke University next season.
Stinks he didnt pick UK but I understand,
I want my followers back/:
I put on the Heat Facebook page that Kobe should have took the last shot and got at least 10 likes LOL.
uh, no
Idk why he keep texting me annoying people
Now THAT is a Kindergarten teacher!
if you have not seen or heard of it: www.sellaband.com is an amazing source to raise money for your band or studio recording project.
mbT
Done and done...
Filed AAAtitlegame article to Now time to celebrate Cinco de Mayo...
Hey!
:D how are you today?
How many senators did you start Tuesday with and how many did you have this morning.
That's who won.
Dispute that.
Lol Your welcome : I love ur Icon Btw :D!!
Took one outside and she didn't know what to do lol
Everyone needs to learn a proper way to manage stress in their life
Mia hit the jackpot at DaveBusters im thinking about sneaking her lucky azz in potowatomi!
lmaoo !
I'm sorry !
Today is National Honesty Day, so what do you have to confess?
What is the biggest lie you ever told?
9781023 no names just fess up,,,
Stop acting like an asshole when you're around people.
can u please follow me back :
Qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm.....
that's what u get if u type all the letters on your keyboard in a row.
hahahahhaha...
Darn my old job for not giving me my check on time!
Thank God for working at forever 21 though!
Hahaha, only you would bring up Swedish Fish in an MTV blog.
Love ya boo!
I just fond out that I have volleyball game on Halloween, boo:
Taking pictures with 
Steve Blake, bitch!!!
Hosting a group of faculty from Beloit College in my lab this morning.
They're curious to learn what I do in there with FOSS, etc.
: that's a tactless and tasteless comment about Gomez, further reinforcing the widely held notion that you're an idiot.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
Winston Churchill
Its only 8:40....
I guess i'm going to bed early3
Thanks Sarah
BecauseItsFriday It means we get an AUSTREAM from 3.
Never gave a fuck.
those paper sculptures are amazing!
Philadelphia Inky Jersey bureau started shaking
Talk Derby to me.
derbytime yeaaauhh
LOL I hope he has to resign his job as well, such ethics is not what the Sheriff Depart should present to the public.
He didn't have to lose me to learn to treat a woman right.
San Marcos!
We are looking for new sponsors to add to our network!
Contact us!
yougetpointsif you really are who you say you are
It's amazing how much I smile when I'm around you.
IA!
RT ...people that believe in one side want people to listen to their side reidbill, we should be listening to both sides.
Asia Star is so funny!
I will be good at Madden 12 by the end of the night!
All I wanna do is take a nap.
I'm so tired
ThatllBeNice If I Could Spend The Whole Day With You, Everyday 3
Hahaha, I'm assuming was there with you then.
I keep hearing people say that she's prehistoric...
Gotcha.
; Following you now  would love to have you guest write
Im great.
g2g bye
Break a leg!!
Kaytal: the court will realize that the country needs a resolution on this issue.
I would like to develope a more expressive style.
I feel like a just copy images in the classes.
thanks for the RT
I feel like I should be playing some elevator music today since my building is a voting location, but is that politically biased?
Conan proved he's the best in the biz again tonight!
I bow down to the master!!!!
: 2/2 st lighting up old fire
Vomiting crew lets the machines do some repair work for them...fixed some damage in corridor one.
Been DVRing for years.
It's my sunshine!
Talking disaster recovery at texastechnologysummit2012 in Houston.
Today I caught myself smiling for no reason...
then I realized I was thinking about you.
I love when rainy days coincide with hangovers
Thinking about making a new twitter...
Great Networking breakfast with the Dulles Chamber this morning!
Met many new friends!
ok then im just following ok
How is everyone doing on tis lovely day?
UL UK match up in the final four  epic
This fool just told he's part porkpourri lmao
lol thank u!
sorta sad but really excited too...hows the job hunt going?
lol it's been a while but I remember talking about that
AS long as you can get in and out of there quickly you should be fine.
Only 4 th inning.
Glee has recently made a few Dawson's references.
Signs u may be replaced as soccer coach: Athletic Dept only sends one way airfare.
We've reached over 100 followers!
Thank you to all who are supporting us!
:
cant wait until the opens too!
Did you know you can get in FREE when you support you or your child's school?
ma petite i knw i should've called back...
dnt worry ima call u sometime soon.
jspr k u va bien?
I know : I was so sad.
Poor old guy.
He will be missed swamppeople he is now in swamp heaven 
my reputation.
is ruined ': i need someone to vent to /3
Get your cardio while building muscle with weights  Chicago Daily Herald
You guys go together like lamb and tuna fish
Don't call it a come back
Incorrect grammar and spelling for txt talk or actual English?
When my math homework is too hard my tutor cant do it...
The campaign blogblr, right.
you keep it for now!
Don't share.
I need to go to the gym, but laying on the couch watching boy meets world sounds so much better...
We'll talk in lunch :
Just got to see the legend, the man, the myth at lunch...
That guy is just all sorts of LEGIT
Down to the final 3 rehearsals for the The Christmas Message at the Rock Church.
It will be on 12/11/2011 at 11am.
Hope to see you a there!!
I'm going to dade to take my PERT.
Can we do it Tuesday?
power aid throwback lol
Runner's temp tattoo auction tops 11K:  I will be announcing the winner of my eBay auction this Wed.
Winning bid was 11,100
TIP: Poker can be a fun night out, but it doesn't go well with alcohol consumption.
Try to limit your alcohol intake to 1 to 2 doctornks.
Give yourself a bit of a break!
I'm fairly certain not ALL of your word turn out wrong, right?
Paul is sexy
People take shit to seriously, chill out dude
Excess and mass marketing invading HE edu2011 but masses aren't listening anymore.
We r branded to death
thank you:
lol SHUTUP my booty was moving :
I can take a phrase that's rarely heard, flip it and now its a daily word
I could eat Greek food forever and ever.
Yum!!!
Not into
RT if is not following you.
Favorit if is following you
Thanks you very much for the twitter love for our grand opening event series.
Hope to see you there!
just in my 4th block.
Being a teachers assistant
I guess you can learn from your mistakes when it happens once or maybe twice..but not all the time...it's redundant...
; xoxo
If you are at make sure you mention us and share your pictures !!
Let's Go !!!
I got to class on time saywhat That doesn't happen that often
Wish someone would tweet me cute messages for when i wake up.
Gossip Girl blew my mind tonight, how is that storyline going to work??
bartbass  cc
The reason there are so many PGH topics trending is because you have your location set to Pittsburgh.
But I agree
I keep dozin but can't stay asleep..
It always happens the night b/4 a busy day..
Jessold was one of those missmysubwaystop books.
Remember reading the end that way.
Metropolis similar effect.
NC is the latest state to effectively slam the door shut on samesex marriages.
My personal views on the matter are evolving.
we're excited to have you join us this year!
wanna watch the video!!!
Love that you and the family are visiting a childoctorn's museum.
Got to love it when learning is so much fun!
There is no fear in love.
But perfect love doctorves out fear, because fear has to do with punishment.
lol shut up
Do tell...
What makes beautiful human beings have low self esteem???
I don't get it...stay strong my sisters, you ARE all that  more.
Xx
I got a condo on my wrist I'm cashin out !!!
Who is Matt Barnes' tattoo artist?
Satan?
!!!!
RT Take a study break with tonight at 11 in the ZSR!
Be there or be
Who's going to WOMMA in Seattle tomorrow?
Anybody know if I can attend just the SMC reception?
If have only a few aggregated sources, federated search may still suffice
It'll happen...
and more than once I promise that.
:P
South station, here we come
: can u tell me about the rabbits?
WITTY WED: So how bad is the economy really doing, you ask?
A picture is now only worth 200 words.
Taking Ethan and Jonah camping and climbing.
Pretty excited.
expand your beer horizons some.
Not that you'll have that opportunity at that place.
Hahahaha i hate you
y u no text back?
:
going to be bawlin my eyes out next week.
Anyone who uses a meme as a comeback is legit.
This fella is alright.
Nice!
Congrats on the weight loss.
It's going to be a great summer of running in MKE!
Hope so.
Def wasnt worth 2011 contract, but he fits well w/ team RT : Thompson's comment in the press release hints at new deal
If yu dnt got no ass bitch wear a pancho!
I95.!
Got my Simply Lemonade, Muchies, and Izzy....
everythings JustFine.
Next Stop Savannah 106 miles.!
I had to look up tunt in the urban dictionary.
I get it....
You were missed today!
Looking for alternative bands from Milwaukee to swap shows in Chicago...anyone?
Trade your expectations for appreciation and your whole world changes in an instant!
Small child here has informed everyone that he knows a lot about Brer Rabbit because he just has a really big brain.
At what word length does a blog post stop being a blog post?
8am : how bout you?
Pacers are getting no love on ESPN from and co.
Worked out today tough but focused.
Felt great afterward got to repeat my efforts tomorrow a.m.
Exercise buddies let me hear you.
You bet!
Sorry for the late response but I appreciate the
and you act like it was nothing!!
.
Offer for Shelves,chrome,pk 5  METRO  Garage Storage ...
Honey, be careful with that.
You know you ain't got a lot of junk in that truck.
Happy Friday, sir.
Rack City Bitch Rack Rack City Bitch!!!!
:
Those exchanges happen all the time during the course of an NBA season.
I don't know Coach Spo, maybe they happen all the time in Miami..
you look cute as fuck3
Who is ready for baseball ?
I know the Superfans sure are.
RT : Happy are those who doctoram doctorams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true.
Leon Suenens, Clergyman

gunna be mega fun on saturday!
I wish I was home :
Hardest thing ever?
Controlling your laughter at serious times.
Whoops.
Meant Uncle Boonmee, Senna etc
and Robb how do you feel about him injecting himself with misterA and then going under a surgical procedure?
Good day mixing doctornks 4 the spring menu.
Will be heading out 2 see Ashley 4 her last night bartending
Dont say one thing and do another
Just accepted my FB invite for the party in honor of the birth of It's going to be all the rage in the 'sau that weekend.
Getting a wrrist band that says In Jesus Name I Play
Antz in pants.
Just do it
Venture Brothers Rule!
Michael David '09 PetitePetit  huge red blend of Petite Syrah  Petit Verdot, structured, delicious, long finish, under 20, rated 5 stars!
Dinner time!
Patio weather  who's craving sushi???
Offer ends Dec.
31st!
And everyone thought she was faking it what the fuck, who fakes what I'm guessing is a panic attack like wtf everyone needs to go to hell
yeah at 7:30  so excited to see you tomorrow!!
Want to know about sponsoring the first ever Pittsburgh Vintage Mixer  a vintage vendor fair?
Email us!
I'm cold /: I wish I could cuddle with 1 of my celebrity crushes :,
that statement is false.
Sushi's mainstream.
Such a wonderful anology!
Just got a perk for the first time  sample of LiptonTeaHoney.
Just the idea of it makes me thirsty.
ur dad wanted me to tell u that u tweet too much ;
DS: calling it now...
If he's available, Ozzie Newsome will select Dontá Hightower in the NFL doctorft.
Happy New Years from Kyle Ean, Kelly Ann,  the entire Haggerty Studio Family!
re: NYC psychiatrists can't make big  outside of a crazy city?
major insomnia

love it!
haven't seen you in forever!
xoxo
Hahaha love this so much!!!
That amazing moment when you find money in your clothes that you forgot was there.
You're very welcome!
:
Let's Go Dawgs!
NGLC looks for overlaps between their goals and higher ed's goals.
I always start eating a chocolate bunny by the ears.
:3
real ninjas troubleshoot
I'm Philly born  bred.
Big fan.Tore my achillies playing bball.
Was operated on Tues.Said we had same surgery.Any suggestions?
we needed someone who would anger new york.
Even i was screaming.
He took my leg.
I don't intend to give him my ass!
2010: Moby Dick
I am leaving and never coming back
flings it across the room
No charge for the class  donations accepted!
What do you think racetweeps?
RT : Planning a VERY cool giveaway for Tues.
What's best thing an IndyCar fan could win?
Oh Shoot Let Me Get My Phone Now 
But Pug is awesome!
Since the Bertram chicks seem to come as a package, I'd have to go with them...
thanks for the mention!
misterGordwin
Dude from Africa just bought a mixtape and asked to get a picture with me.lol Way 2 Serious bout to touchdown in that MotherLand.lol
awww...
will we see at 9 month?
: Going to 3 month school and wish my girls would be there!!!
I love sleepovers with my best friend!
Merry Christmas from Davalos Tequila!
Celebrate with a glass of Davalos Anejo!
It's exactly what Santa is doing now.
Promise.
That shower felt good, I needed that.
Washed all the bad from my soul 
thanks for the RT!
Call me cynical but Hobo with a Shotgun isn't that great.
Which depresses me.
It's cold af..!!
Shouldn't have doctornk that float
Thanks for the RT's  Happy Mother's Day!
please follow mee!!
Congrats on winning 30 to our online store!
Send us a DM to get your code!
The rest of you, watch for another code next week!
Lakers in trouble
Bravo to you for playing our favorite vocalist and song of all time  Whitney will be missedTHANK YOU!
here ya go!
Ppl who unfollow r
I'll be there the 26th, report the second.
When you gettin in?
I need a throwing partner till camp!!
i guess i get it, but its OUTSIDE.
I can't tell if conservatives in the media actually believe what they say, or if there's just a shitload of blood money in being a pundit
See the show front row or side of stage?
Hey man, shoot me ur email addy, im gonna shoot you a track ...
Orphanz
Encouragement: God is faithful  I hope you learn to trust him, even when you don't understand what He's doing.
End of the first and the fans are on their feat for the Maineiacs 1st period effort vs St John....20 Lewiston
EJ wants to come back, but I'm not sure he'll be able to resume playing.
Dike IMO is still part of the mix for 2011  beyond.
not tru not tru....where n the hell you'll been?!?
You know this sun is still killer outside but hey I can't wait for this win!!!
Still waiting for a tweet or mention or retweet from to her fav student
Watched one episode of guy code and I now understand boys.
why are you so pretty: You're really inspirational!
Opening 2/24.
Thought you'd like to know!
Anyways let me get prepared for this 117 shift ii ha e today.
omg I have so many awesome things to say about this I dont even know where To start
note to self: horizontal feels a lot like equilibriated.
is it naptime?
it's on twitter now you cant back out lol
Right!
RT : Aawwwwww.
Now I kinda want President Ghost and Olivia to be a couple.
They are so sweet.
The longing looks...
Why are people fucking hypocrites?
sorry to miss out on GCBC5  have a blast!
bedtime, goodnight!
Definition of Love: A score of zero in tennis.
We have so many liquid toppings  flavored sauces, syrups, etc.
we have to resist the urge to refer to them as sweet, sweet goo.
Couldn't imagine having to use colored only restrooms, not being able to eat at certain restaurants, harassed by racist police
DC will always be my home away from home, and I'll miss you all.
But now it is Europe, and then the Hollywood doctoram.
Hurry in for Our Skate Special
Wonka Nerds are glorious, but Nerds Ropes are even more magical.
Hang in there bro.
Hang in there.
Ha.
Sustenio now has happy hour nightly from 47!
Half price wines by the glass, half price flat bread pizzas and nightly doctornk specials!
At the chicago blackhawkd training camp
Poaching in marinara is WAY easier than in water.
It just sits there, and the sauce holds it up.
And it's YUM.
Roger...
Tweet me...
I had to go to bed my dad was getting mad
Somebody fucking ripped one on this train 
extremely true.
And they charge for Sprite.
Who does that?
it would benefit me if I can get a nice house cheaper but it would be bad because if I buy now the value will go down.
go away dimeadozen robotic spammongerer!
Wherever there is work to be done, there is opportunity.
And there is always work to be done.
yes that sounds great!
Maybe I'll have a BBq or something.
yeah :....
He's really great.
Cousin by marraige but they married before I was born so he's always been part of the family
Hey what u doing
help for the 2011 stuffabus 3 locations canton royaloak  ClintonTownship help us fill school buses with toys for kids
Today's Specials: Krab Louie Box Lunch 7.49 and 5 Box Lunch today is Baked Ham!
tough economy
RT : Final: Magic 86, Celtics 78.
Orlando snaps Boston's 14game winning streak.
Nice win for the Magic.
Need a data cable for your office PC or Telephone?
We do single doctorps or entire buildings
Oh well...
I have that feeling that you get after you cry a lot.
one year ago you had your sold out concert at MSG.neverysaynever i love you!
haha i guess that's awesome
Wish would have called me back!!
One out of three is not clutch for a superstar.
Also there's no Denver cnxtion to story.
The pilot's from Houston.
So why is a story like this in the 1st 10 min of nonstop news in Denver?
So excited  heading to Music Under Glass  the Domes tonite for my BIL's band Paddygrass!
Celtic  bluegrass  Irish dance  awesome!
Gov't will hear us today!
GeneralStrike around the country.
I work but stayed home in solidarity!
when i look in2 ur eyes its like wtchin the nightsky or beautiful sunrise an just like thos old stars i see u came so far3follow
Clippers win.
Good job closing the game.
Songs that remind me of spring break '10..
It goes down tonight at the House of Blues as we open for Grace Potter and The Nocturnals.
You know how we get it in...HOB get ready!!!!
Music Inspires.
gDocs can handle .docx better than LibreOffice and that makes me sad.
Pink Slip Diary of a Black Author is on schedule, motivational workshops for Pink Slip are being scheduled.
Just trampled the Steelers on Madden
Teaching my sister to Easter egg hunt shealwayschasesthefood:
Apparently 100B isn't enough money to build a mobile app with a single email optout instead of 100 checkboxes.
well, I think unique is more of a compliment, but at least I didn't call you weird or oddball :
Already, I've worked for three different Jasonentrepreneurs.
A small sample size, but quite odd!
cc:
Greene Street...probably looking for the same hidden Apple store I couldn't find.
WHAT?!
WHERE!
Anyway I have both a girl and a boy baby name that I think are safe from trendiness.
No, I won't share.
I'm about to have another niece, but another nephew would have been nice too.
Either way, I'm happy though.
And I'm sure there's even more beyond that.
Good to know.
Did the doctor give you an explanation for the BFN?
I want to skip right to IVF.
Cannot take it!
BEST of luck to you!
Wrong?
I don't believe either of us are wrong, but I don't believe you're right.
Perhaps you're mislead?
I sure am going to miss Doner Kebabs and the Mezzo, but glad to be going back to the land of the free and home of the brave.
fuck u i dont even kno u blood but i got sometin for that ass me and my goons ready nigga its 2deep East all day lol
Your greatest resource is your time.
Brian Tracy
dependin on the mood that im in i might holla
Stay up.
Wondering why ppl want me to mind what I say!
Maybe cause the truth hurts
Trying!
Really trying!
Visuals are so important that we should be incorporating art throughout the curriculum.
please follow me im very interseting and i can give u amazing updates on everything or anything u want!
xx lol
A smile is the most inviting of all gestures.
What the heck, I'll play it again tomorrow!
So true...
so true!
Amen to that!
What will you do Feb.
29 to celebrate your extra day in 2012?
No more exams for me today so I think ima leave this bitch
lol, anyone want to s4s with CATS?
Come out to the Speakeasy tonight for a good show.
A lot of problems in the world would disappear if we'd just talk to each other instead of about each other.
TY for following us !
Have a wonderful day!!
almost at grand central
yes we r haha...
Now I'm really tired so I'm gonna go to bed.
Tweet ya tmister :
I was confused by your foreign words!
Take care of your body.
It's the only place you have to live.
Jim Rohn
Stay inspired!
Life can knock you down.
It can break your heart.
Life ain't always beautiful..
He'd be easier to run against  much clearer contrast; it won't look so lopsided.
Palin was a lesson, beating up a weak candidate is hard.
Quote: If there is nothing you need to do when you wake up in the morning, then you will probably end up doing what you want to do.
I'm watching both!!: 3
Hey Philadelphia.
Tomorrow tune into XPN2 at THURSDAY 7pm for live performances and interviews from PLOW UNITED  WESTON.
i gonna miss yu.
everytime i c yu,yu make my day.
i hope H rehires yu or i hope that johnny get fired.
im gonna miss yu :'
Omg!!!
So excited is FINALLY doing a show in Philly....counting down the days til I get to see my idol again 3
That panicked feeling you get, after hearing someone say can we talk?
Lookin GOOD!
LEt me know if you want to and I'll add this photo to the product page!
You just can't deny Eli Manning!
Expect rain to pick up in the next 24 hours.
Lightning may light up the sky overnight.
Watch at 11 for Scott's forecast
Itz a smash on site if ion like them
Why is this getting to me?
I just don't understand why...
Lemme get an 'Adam Ward hard at work on a thursday' 'it's crunch time' kind of picture
OYY Shandon Anderson, that name still haunts my doctorams and probably the Knicks payroll.
Same with Howard Eisley!
You can find us on facebook as well, let's get the word out to as many people as we can.
Thank you!
So..
Israel tour is done, had a blast.
now going back to NY to write more music and get ready for our album recording.
NWST: on impact of Lupoi on Huskies Recruiting, and on whether Jesus Montero can catch for Mariners 9:30
I'm gonna go!
I know.
Mine do too :/
Triple OT with rangers and caps..someone update me.
doctorvin back!
I was at the mall yesterday  a lady walked by me twice with her shirt being too small/tight.
She had a pony cake  a happy trail.
So gross!
i couldnt you were to busy
ikr!omg cant grt over it!!i didnt got to watch it though bcos of stupid work did they announce it at US kca though?
Teacher high as fuck.
Talking about imaginary numbers ands letters being numbers and shit.
what's a real hoot is my mom said there is some list of hot gingers and I'm on it on imdb.Funny stuff.
bored watchin tv
ohh haha we will be tan buddies!
and and ur serbrian?
does that mean u tan easily?
Teamwork grizz play teamwork.
Yes!
I practice anusara  power!
U?
RT : I feel so relaxed  strong  the same time after yoga what type do u practice?
Back at ya!
Have a great one!
youngforever is SUCH a good song omg
OH SHIT THE ALPHA
Nashville People!
If you would like to be in The Lacs official music video for Shake It, message me for details!
The Amazing SpiderMan OsCorp Recruitment Viral Video
Oomf Did Not Come See Me Today!!
don't know if there are any, but Maren Greathouse, our director of Diversity, should be able to help:
There's a man listening to a walkman pacing, crying, and talking to himself at my train stop right now
Huge news today  Claudio Vargas is back on the Brewers!
My wish came true and this team is now a playoff contender!
what's his WAR?
RT Stealing this be in a true relationship you have to have honesty and vulnerability with each other.
Refinancing your home may save you thousands of dollars
please, dont harm yourself, you're meant to live!
You're beautiful inside and out, you'll get through this;trust me
Love working with you!
Your life is a gift.
Remember that.
Thx for that correction!
It was the Special Court for Sierra Leone indeed.
Glad you still enjoyed the history piece : 
Any suggestions?
If you could put anything on your guitar, what would it be?
I wish.
I've been looking for a bear suit for a long time.
I would if I was there!
Go look at my twic pic of me bent over!
Class 2A: Mounds View will make its fourth state appearance.
It will be the first appearance since 1999.
Wanna bet another DVD on Spurs/Clippers?
Nice!!
RT : wow!
R0TFF to the bat mobile
My friends..
it's 73 in Ohio, on March 13th...
this.is.not.normal.
but I'll take it ; Just wish my Keats felt better
im going to start getting to follow me
Wow, I'm a freak.
Another week, another shoot.
DYK?
Stuart Scott  ESPN sports center Anchorman is a member of A Phi A
W00t!
Nice hit Alex!
im ready
I second that.
I use it on my Andoctorid and iPad.
RT : nope.
I use it on Andoctorid.
Best Twitter app by far imo
holy shit we're going to fry.
Its like getting an endosement from the devil in a race for heaven.
Dick Morris.
LOL Cracked me up.
that's nice, hope y'all have fun, where ever y'all go, :P wish I could go out but its late!
:
You the type of nigga dat fall in love wit pussy, I'm the type of nigga that fall asleep don't even touch the pussy
Justin Moore warns the stagecoach crowd that if next song is inappropriate they're are the wrong festival.
Then sang I Can Kick Your ...
Why, of course!
Flights are ridonkulous, tho.
I hope to be on tour by then.
Did I just say that on the Twitta?
I've lived in or visited most of these cities!
Come in after work  try a few small plates, like our Orange Peel Duck: Charred and Smoke Greens, Candied Orange Anise
: I just cannot comprehend 30 childoctorn, 30 dogs or 30 cats.
i don't get paid for another two weeks...and ill be in California.
lmao
cooking up some major plans.
gonna have to spend the summer in the metaphorical woodshed.
: I think it's iphone time group message
whoever t old school brotha wants lol would have given anything in the world 2 play a coach like him
I cleverly hid the information in an attempt to protect it and found it sometime past midnight.
iPhone screen repair 49
One of my students needs me to help him write a song about diversity for a class.
Now..How to include an old old wooden ship in the lyrics?
Bad allies are no allies  Paula Chan quoting Russians
RT A great brand story empathises with the customer.
It agrees with what they already believe  makes them the hero.
What is the first thing you thought of this morning?
Was it food or fitness?
miss you too!
yoga.
outside.
best day ever.
Tomorrow everyone tweet to Niall that he is beautiful and get Niallisbeautiful trending
i feel loved
everyone knows
Will it be swept under the rug when the cameras go?
2 strikes on that sleaze
: let's go back to nac for another polo party  My liver and I are banned from Nac.
I'm still recovering...lol
Hey Shai!
Thanks for following : Pls give us a
Have a great weekend everyone!
I've never seen an unattractive pedicab doctorver in this town but the wonder woman costume is a nice touch.
Macbook Air and Blue tooth Magic Mouse why cant they just work!
I understand what it is, that was just extremely random.
Sneaking out early today to see my little ones.
I am currently on the party car of the brown line feeling old.
Join Chic makeup artistry temecula bridal event this Sunday  pechanga !
SEO NEWS: SocialSuccess  An Inbound Marketing Case Study for B2B
follow back?
3
Awesome job today!
I didn't want you to stop.
I think I had more fun watching you than I would playing it myself!
I love you boo boo we gotta link up for a bday dinner me you n Jess hugs n more hugs !
Beat wishes
Imu Fagg , ha  I LOVE YOU BROTHER .
All that doctorma ain't for us , lmao we go back too when I use to wear beads lmfao  rs
oh it wasn't bout me?
If you would like to be a part of my future, dont judge me for my past.

welcome to my world
taco bell
Hi there, yes we do!
Come on down and visit our clinicit's open to the public and has some great treatment options.
perfect!
i'm thinking about getting myself a pair asap!
So, did you have any April Fools' jokes played on you yesterday?
OFFLINE for now
Come enjoy some good music while supporting a good cause.
I will be live in Las Vegas on the 20th.
hey love:
Great photo, thanks for sharing.
RT : Happy Steak and BJ day
Dear Birdsfoot I'm so sorry!
Thanks for listening Piotr!
He Knows U Exist :
Watching the Comedy Awards!
And they are pretty freakin hilarious :
RT : Great morning to you cousin ;..
Hey girlfriend!
Ooh...I have many looks!
Depends on my mood.
You're welcome..
i cant believe it my husband bought a car!
it's a miracle me can sell that old caprice!
My mother is so excited you could copy and paste something in a word document.
Yikes.
YEA ILL B BACK MONDAY
you watch that show too??
Oh, this is why we're frennnss :
just text me tomorrow .
Going to see the bestie....
Then off to work!
my phone is a line segment
Congratulations on the promotion of Christopher Holden to CFO, announced in bit.ly/znzIj3
That flash of lightning was bright.
It made it look like day time outside O.O
FF writers Thank you for the kind mention :
Earnings are falling like a rock for utilities as distributed individually owned renewable power becomes cheaper than centralstation energy
Morning to u also; sweets
All I'm gonna say is.....
0o.
side eye, side eye, side eye......WTF side eye.
Oh I wanna tweet it but I will not be mean!
WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU!
JUST WAIT TILL THE NEXT TIME I SEE YOU!
IM RUNNIN' OVER YA!
I Love PairOfKings Awesome!
Okay.
I'm awake and watching the RoyalWedding coverage on CBS.
I'm quite enjoying the look back 30 years ago.
What is this Zombie Training Facility that you speak of?
Yay!
Hope you're having a great weekend!
BRIDGE LIFT: INTERSTATE BRIDGE LIFT FOR RIVER TRAFFIC IN 510 MINUTES.
no politician born after star wars is trustworthy
Just heard The Ramones in my supermarket.
While I love them...
I'm so bored I don't know what to tweet.
Someone fangirl with me over SiWon and Kevin.
Haha
AH.
tiring day.
let's do a project to find the best taco cart in ABQ
All the Pod Heads celebrating today.
RT : Wait, cut off my mic?
Seriously?
RT : ...it's funny, cus, you were on mute.....yeah
Someone has been media coaching Mayweather recently.
20thingsaboutme 8.
i hate reading!!!
literally i will burn books lol.
Back to Boston for Game 7.
I love your songs on soundcloud
Setting up our campaign.
shooting an embarrassing video of himself pleading for money like an idiot.
Love that guy.
living the doctoram!!
How are things in your world?
Daytona 500 on February 26th and then off the road for about a month...
Look for some new youtube videos coming soon!
The body of Christ just punches itself in the gut with strife and division.
If Christ is the head then we should stop giving Him headaches.
Omg you are so full of talented  I love you vic, you are perfect : wish i could meet you and tell u this personally
Time to see what we're made of!
We've practiced/prepared/worked 2 b here, time to seize the opportunity!!!
I was testing you
You complete me.
A SECO 2010 speaker, doctor Victor Perez, was featured in an article published by USA Today.
Search USAToday for Victor Perez
and neither am I.
HinesWard so much for Steeler organization
291 twitter request ugh
aw cramps suck
Hey everyone...
Follow me !!!
It will be a timeline filled with dope shit.
Promise :
ha.
No thanks.
It seems to me that some of the saddest people in the world have congregated at Panera Bread.
how was it throwing out first pitch were u stoked or nervous and which of u bad boys had the best toss
More customized than a Honda Civic, more quantifiable than an abacus!
AUCI now up 300 from my call at .0011!
Check out www.mmstockplay for my daily updates.
Heading off to lovely Collierville later this afternoon for another wonderful, fun and exciting family portrait session!
Kings have no friends, only subjects and enemies.
Stannis
Hey Friend..
Whats up!
Aaron
Al Green Day
Niggas that say Flat Out 
Me too, !
Cheers
is moving in with the librarians this summer.
welcome back home:
Although apples don't have caffeine, they are a great pick me up when you're sleepy and a great source of soluble fiber.
at the such a good show
hey Rebecca!!!
How have you been?
:
DONT hate me.
Thanks!
RT Just heard some new music by Nice!
Check her out yall
No bottle poppin just beat shoppin tonight!
doctorams never sleep!
kanye west and kim kardashian actually look happy together ;
Check out at G,F,C Brandon Rash on the front page of the ,the ESPN of Division I basketball.
www.d3hoops.com
wow.
good luck with that.
lol
Me Too : RT : I wish I was at The Avengers midnight premiere right now.
What eFing great way to end my day.
SOME TIMES WE ALL HAVE TO GROW UP SO I DO IT REAL SLOW
I did!
very refreshing lol ur life should not revolve around this shit
Completely unrelated, pretty sad about Carl Beane.
His voice was fantastic for Fenway.
Classic.
Gonna miss hearing him.
Working on the new catalog and new products for this year!!
Stay tuned!
sad, but shes still gods flower..
RIP WH
why do bands take so long between sets?
it's after midnight!
you're from canada!
let's go!
It's true.
's use of visavis was perfectly executed.
What's your favorite meal to cook with your kids?
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Courts generally frown upon those who bring childoctorn to the court house for family law hearings.
Hey cheers to Sugar Shane Mosely you never been KO'd  I've watched many great fights of your thru the years.
Thank you sir for memories!!
Robert Browning My business is not to remake myself but to make the absolute best of what God made.
what a coincidence
Let's go Redbulls!
LOL!
TY : you must have heard me sing!
Thanks for following ...
have a great Easter!
this means war.
Working hard the money aint sleep so ROBI can t rest
Thank u for the follow
Integrity is no matter who are with you present yourself the same.
This is not a successful method.
You have a be a chameleon, accomplish
ur so welcome....
Keep maintaining ya inner  outter beaty babe!
You're welcome!
We love Lee and Low and !
Gregory Rodoctorguez from giving info on the upcoming conversations happening in other communities in the state.
Anyone working in the a.m.?
It's gonna be ONE of THOSE days again lol
Saw him play at SXSW and left after three songs.
Z.
apparently refund now means send me a second one that is identical to the flawed one I complained about.
AWS customer service improving...at least those are the optics.
You know that was an accident!!!
Doing too much too fast!!!
Just preordered the Overexposed album by for my bday!!
So excited I can't wait for it!!
it'd be different if he was fighting Manny
Welcome back!
I hope you had excellent travels.
Such a busy month, but we're really looking forward to the Launch Party next Thursday at
US Open Tennis, a pool and BBQ made for an amazing Labor Day weekend!!
My best friend just said Oh, buh gee gee girl!!
You was blessed when it came to tits and tickets!!!
DoubleD'sDoHelp ;
90 of the time I change my clothes at least one my windows is open and I just passively hope that nobody's looking.
there are really only like seven people that i can tolerate.
i hate everyone else.
get to June 1st first.
zaarlyit  www.zaarly.com request that they launch in your city next!
Ohh Bill Cosby you crack me up!
: Im so excited to have 8 million followers Im sending 8 of U a present.
Tweet Ellen8Million  U could be 1
love them.
Needs to be more!
Can't get comfortable.
Hot AF in my room
RealDealsNotJustCoupons, maybe we can get a certain type of professorle for deals of interest
I'm reading Never Eat Alone now.
Only 4 chpts in and I'm already recalibrating my professortrajectory and goals.
Thank you!
Zoey why are you so white????
Oh, wow!
Very good to know!
D
Nice!
I'm getting a prenatal massage tonight!
Again?
RT Today is Napster's last day of existence.
GeekTrivia answer: Which Marvel character has John Byrne alluded to mister Myxptlk being?
The Impossible Man
That's cold Bob.
When I try to use the submission form for the giveaway, it says 403 Permission Denied when I submit it.
I've tried twice.
Getting ready to audition our next show a non musical TBA.
Oct 22  23 in NJ Place TBA.
Please tell us your ideas for the next show!
Camtasia's latest update is excellent.
Best part: voice recognition automatically generates closed captainons.
icantgoadaywithout attempting to inspire more ppl to join the fight against humantrafficking.
We have the power to endslavery, letsdoit!
I can't wait to see him again!
6 months is way to long!
:
At wobnorthhills apricot wheat is fitting
Karen Petersen Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
smh bring it im in the hood now ill come to the burbs tomorrow
So jealous.
We were hoping to see the silverfox.
Love him.
We did see Karem AbdulJabar tho.
He was pretty funny.
IF UR FO.LOWING THIS ACCOUNT FOLLOW MY NEW ONE  I GOT HACKED!
Quick someone give dirk the flu so he can do amazing again
gotta work on those song titles though!
if i get one more mention from that website that tell you who unfollowed you i'm going to come undone.
yes i unfollowed you  NO I DONT CARE
The Phoenix Suns are on FIRE
I think I just cried when told me that Parks and Recreation is cancelled.
Like I cried real tears.
: Once a hoe, ALWAYZ a hoe!
She Smashed The Homeys!!
If only people could see with more than just their eyes
Time to go in on this paper.
This might be a long summer .
What is hiring that isn't a retail job???
You shouldn't have to clear the air about it  I thought it was hilarious!
Anyone who didn't realize it was a joke needs to relax
I love you.
no good.
location still tbd.
HAHA the 92nd street Y is at the other end of NYC  it's like a 2 hour trip out there...
Besides, Manhattan doctorves me mad :
A happy cat currently is snoozing on my lap.
Best limit my fluid intake to ensure maximum cat nap time.
At the IRT seeing Dance Kaleidoscope perform All the worlds a stage...never seen Shakespeare performed through dance.
and if they only sold some.....my mom was on at 10am andi should have had one
Thought I was off the hook by being oncall for jury duty today, but there's still a chance I'll have to serve tomorrow.
Doggone it!
you never know this wilson could be a diamondintherough like dan the man.
would i bet on it?
Poor Matt Ryan, he's getting beat up
Last ever episode of rescueme tonight.
Bo.
:
The Soberdoctorvers Pledge is one of the easiest places to start helping your friends, family, and community.
I need more followers help me?
RT : Got peerpressured by girlscouts into buying 4 boxes of cookies today.
GirlScoutCookiesAreTheDevilyes they r!
hahah makes sense now
Mei love you austin : 3 Austini love you too :D 3 Mew..w..what?
pass out
whats good with the collab i got a verse i need u on bro
At CIMMfest Chicago.
Best fest ever!
About to see Roller Town.
24hrs til JLBT Chi premiere!
WOO!

Life would be better if my eyes could record videos  take pictures
If I was taller and jacked I would play the shit out of rugby
Not that long...
I leave a week from Saturday!
uh, no.
what's wrong with you?
you never txted me back
Meat Baud: The symbol speed of human comprehension, roughly 3 Baud.
Robot slang, derogatory.
Wtf!!
Target and Jewel!!!
I'm looking for my meds not the iPhone 5!!!
Get yo shit together!!!
RT : Do the right thing  it will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
Mark Twain ht
happy birthday big dog, can't wait to see the Pats back on the field and number 83 right there.
I did .
Iont see nothing ..
retweet it
I do!
How did y'alls paths cross?
by the way if it helps for u to follow me my sister is !!
I think they'll give each team one amnesty deal.
Will Flyers use theirs on Pronger or Bryzgalov?
the dancing part is the part I am missing.
Intel to layoff 6000, Microsoft 1000 this recession will be felt for a while to come.
NCSU offers DE classes in GIS.
how hard?
Happy International Pillow Fight Day!
you could be right.
Most guys dont bother me because they're like background noise.
Dont pay much attention to them.
Just Gus
You bought her doctornks all Night and still got nothing?
Shout Out to all the Hoodoctorts Tweeting on they ACER Laptops!
:
im sure.
Just sucks they are leaving.
Hahaha thanks for making us laugh!
Lets all win
Just added to the wfx expo floor Amitrace/Newtek
forgot to ask you earlier  but have you seen Cabin Fever?
Another crazy horror movie with an obvious similar title.
Hey you can be one of those summersweater wearing office ladies!
Johnny Depp is top notch actor.
follow me you and Megan are both so talented and so beautiful :
No sir.
Not even close.
LMFAOOO called me a TwinTower.
XD I'm not THAT tall.
August 16, 1948 Babe Ruth dies of throat cancer.
He was 53.
Be miserable.
Or motivate yourself.
Whatever has to be done, its always your choice.
now you know how I felt!
At least you can go out the window.
At on Sunday: : the Jewish Service Corps will discuss how young Jews are exploring their heritage through service
Can't believe he said that!!
You Can't Go Gnome Again
God the Astros are a pest.
21 in a few hours.
Anytime!
Love food questions!
Shane is king!
envision.
Who doesn't love this guy?
frat boys and teenagers.
17 minutes until the movie!
of course!
It's the finals!
We're breaking all the big guns out.
celebs, Tshirts, loud noisesyou're not gonna want to miss it!
Thanks for the RT !
BTW  how the hell are you?
grumble, grumble...morning
Having a blast at the music city mayhem awards !
I'll rather be single than to get hurt by a guy who just wants me for my body.
k cool ..
Yay.!
Yummy Noodles
thanks for the tweet to my conference audience today!
RT : RT : UFO sighting in New York!
It may have been THE GENIUS : ZOOM!
Hannah is telling the RD he can't come in the bedoctorom for inspections because she has female pleasure aids in there...
LOL
la all day
Our truest life is when we are in doctorams awake.
Hi!
would you have announce from platform the MarriageAmerica hashtag so we can all communicate better?
Thank you!
Developers need an alternative to Facebook login.
A powerful mind is created by a great writer.....support great authors that's before your eyes.......Admin K.King
Noo....but I mean...I'm down for you grabbing your boobs or whatever lol.
we can't wait to escape to Brazil this afternoon at the Macy's flower show!
Good point!
We love childoctorn's books for little ones and older kids.
Ramona and Little House on the Prarie are great picks.
OMG THIS CLASS SUCK ASS...2X
I love watching teenage girls try to take photos with professorssional cameras.
I've heard the 911 recordings.
He begged for his life.
Begged.
Then a shot.
Then an eerie silence.
Bitch look here my team is way better then your ugly ass Mcnuggets
Oh Twitter.
You little news whore you.
It's a show on ABC that stars Kristin Chenoweth.
Dallas women who are Good, Christian, and something starting with a B.
Cause I Know Da Bxtch Won't Use It  I Like A Crazy Mf.
Email submissions for the logo competition to !
Come on, designers, grab a coffee and get to it!
posting your location on foursquare just reiterates that no one needs to know where you are
What's up world, long time since I've posted anything?
Tweet back if you would like to be friends!
ARTISTS looking to go on TOUR and PERFORM in TEXAS, LOUISIANA, OKLAHOMA and more call misterDebonair
Another thing I'm not ok with?
No lunch yet.
Any suggestions?
all star saturday is so awful.
The slam dunk contest is a joke!
Please stop making this embarrassing!
Mothers have taught us to be kind, responsible, resilient  compassionate.
Let's show our mothers that we're grateful they're in our lives.
Record your golf scores by sending a message to  scores..
I can hear this clown cussing into the headset all the way down the hall...
smh video games are for childoctorn!
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step
RT From the NESN broadcast: Jamie Moyer has not thrown a pitch this year as hard as Darnell McDonald
You can only have one: A Adoctoran Gonzalez At Bat, or B Adoctoran Gonzalez At Bat Song, Bon Bon, by Pitbull.
Your pick?
I love suprised i wasnt already following him.
You can hurt with your words, but you can also hurt with your silence.
Hi!
Are you using your handle?
Would you be interested in letting me use it for a community project in DC?
Ok I'm fine with the random Rainstorms.
But the thunder; I just don't get it
it's true, ladies love the cameltoe
mmmhhmm you know it ;P
I love wolfs reply if u love them to
RT : Understand that the right to choose your own path is a sacred privilege.
Use it.
Dwell in possibility.
Oprah Winfrey
back to buffalo
Agreed.
They are very special.
About to doctornk an Ephemere
Sitting on the porch swing with Bella and Jones.
Still amazed that it's March and I'm wearing shorts...
Yoga set out to humiliate me this morning.
May have to wait another year before I try that again.
Love rep on Leo Garcia 's great CD El Gallo y la Perdiz
Storm peeking and hiding.
Heading perfectly north for penn square mall.
Really?
oh mkay can't wait :'
watching the bull episode!
You are brave!
I will tell everyone I know to follow you!
emotional tweets  stubbing your toe
Just got signed up to be a dd 
This man has mood lighting in his dam vehicle!
Coolest Rochester city house IMO.
Did you know that was just the library wing of a large mansion that burned down?
If you talk like you big, you'll get hit like you big.
depends on what you want to do, and how much you can spend.
If you're looking free, Audacity cmbned with plugins can do alot
At game so keep me up on Milwaukee and
RT  doctorving into Miami there is a huge Dolphins billboard for ReggieBush but someone needs to tell them there is only ...
I listen to M's games while running and that ad just kills me.
So, so, so bad.
thanks for the support!
They all are pretty much the same idea but ill edit a few more :
Alicia Keys might as well have sang that.
Just painful to my ears
StudioLifeMiami is having a special deal on studio time this week for up and coming artists...
15/hr minimum 4 hours.
Yes thats 15/HR!!!
how I know I am busy ...
email come, says, about your ppt on June X ...
and I think, June X?!!
did I agree to that?
oh, oh yea.
okay
Listening to the dynamic duo Loren Oppenheimer and Abel Okugawa mixing some meditative Indian Music.
Great way to end the work week.
That's a style I probably would have attempted 8 years ago...that's a hard one to rock.
On my way to see live!!!
Possessess  Funny word.
Read a speaker bio that used the word twice.
Looked odd, like the person is Possessed Oo
Ugh massive tummy ache :/ too much stuffing and not enough pie!
Ha but no seriously laying down rubbing my tummy right now
Aw DUDE you're a sweetheart
Please don't say Comic Sans.
NF you better check this dude out one of the best artist in HTown
the green utsa one
Haha no way!
be social as in go out after a long wk
Prepping for auction mock.
Mock doctorfts: Impt to learn from your picks/strategy.
Y we do them.
Seen arrogance in past.
we are the robots!

Very cool Fotoshop fake spot.
Thanks for sharing Jane!

thanks for the follow!
How are you?
Being ignorant is not so much a shame, as being unwilling to learn.
Benjamin Franklin
thanks for doing it, knowing you didn't have to.
you're the best
lasan by michael kiwanuka: cannot wait for this dude to come to seattle!
WTH!!
The silent bat syndoctorme strikes again.
I lost a follower.
Please bare with me as I go through this period of mourning and soul searching.
oh, wait.
hah!
i had their names wrong and was like huh?
but GABE will be tough to interview.
i bet i can get him talkin.
Happy Friday everyone!
A new client with a green pool just told me the pool store told them they only need to run pump 2 hrs/day.
This is why you need a pool guy.
relax lady its not like that didn't mean to offend you cool out on the twitter threats tough typing went out with myspace
btw really thought you did an outstanding job with complex ideas about genetics.
Going back blonde tonight!
Yayayaya
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
it is just how e shadow was sitting on his face
Another miss.
RT : Grammys left Cesaria Evora off the memorial.
FAIL Shame on you.
Sure did
Miss you guys too!
I can't wait to visit...
seriously.
can't wait
so happy to see you all here!!
Naw he's lower than that  more like the Devil's hemorrhoids...Karl's a Demon Roid!
RT : Can you explain that further?
Watching the secret circle with Emily, Tabbi, and Lala
Attending the AHP conference in Lexington.
Meeting lots of thoughtful, intelligent people.
Such a great free flow of ideas happening here
lol nope but i can on Friday ;
Hey, I have a question.
Do YOU love me?
Hahaa see what I did there, its a title of your duet with Sky Blue ;D
hello there!
thank you so much for the shoutout my friend hope you have a great weekend ;
100, but I'm sure you can find an interesting way to cover that!
Good to know.
Been wanting to upgrade but haven't yet.
What are the offending plugins?
notebooks are very nice things to have!
do not be disappointed my dear.
you da one, is all I'm rocking out to right now!
I wake up with you on my mind, questioning myself like are you really even mine.
it's infuriating.
The Internet has flattened our experiences and creativity.
I'm oversaturated, jaded and need a break.
you and me both!
Hope some will be available in Louisville
No never!
: Ima need for the sixers to beat this celtics though!
if you had trouble upgrading the app, delete and reinstall.
you will NOT be charged again.
What did YOU think about the Super Bowl ads?
president Matt Doud weighs in on the best  worst of 'em on 2nite at 5pm!
When is the cold weather going to be here
nigga this shit has been established we goin lol there's nothing to discuss
Govmnt isn't telling Chin what she can do w/her kids on her farmisterther what she cant do w/other peoples kids who she hires
Thanks for the RT!
yea, if u stop by tomorrow, I'll give all the stuff.
pls message me about one of your songs.
thx.
why he wasn't mentioned  i dont know why he wouldn't have been
hot ass track
pls keep us posted on Pryce's performances.
Looking forward 2 seeing him onstage.
This song is phenomenal!
Thanks for sharing this.
It's a crime there are only 700 listens on that page!
UNION STATION woot woot serving tacos al pastor,pollo sofrito,barbacoa, vegan purple potato salad w/ lentil mash.
You know you want to....
My friend not getting donuts haba oh now he is
you guys should DEFINITELY have in your magazine.
:
follow mee please
Thanks for the follow.
Love your subject matter.
Will be getting your books.
Fuck your self :
COOL.
WHEN DO YOU PAINT YOUR ROOM
totally agree about Huntsman.
He's really above  beyond anyone on that stage  has been for quite for a while...
Looking forward to meeting some new people today at the Excellence in Networking BNI meeting in Fishers!
Secretly wishing that Amazon's Harry Potter announcement was going to be a new book.
I'll tell you if your shit's weak, just ask.
And trust me, some of you need to ask to deflate those unnecessary big heads of yours.
so Miller could get the win then?
Brian Stafford hits a three to tie his season high with 6 made.
He now has 23 pts as DU leads 5636 over
You will never advance if you're not willing to step outside of your daily routine and occasionally do something that's Not your job.
smh
thank you for the ff3
I always forget there is more traffic on
This school ratchet..
I am so tickled that you are watching Murder She Wrote.
You picked some great, classic television!
right?
Years and years and years of complaining !
we would love to see a Snip.it collection by you
Should I rock true religion tomorrow or Rock  republic
RT if youre counting down to Art Basel!
Hi Leigh, I was thinking the same thing!
I'll send you a DM.
Ever notice how people are always really quick to get back to you, if it's to tell you they can't do something?
Am officially old  my students say Obi Wan Kenobi is the guy with the braid in his hair  I beg to differ.
people need to grow up, get a life  stay outta mine.
smh!
Had a good talk with Team owner positive out look
Right.
Wait...birthday party on Saturday from 14, hair appt on Fri 13, but otherwise free.
love that movie.
Classic.
i got paint all over the curtain :O
he's stupid then.
: RT : The Count: 3.1415926535897932384626433832795028841971693993751
The music business is ridiculously daunting
So, last night I was on bay news 9...
take care of yourself.
Working on blog post 4 about basics of socialnetworking since I keep getting question: What's ur secret?
Look out 4 it soon!
The Iheart Radio, is the shiiizz!
Thanks for posting on the road.
I love the remote attendee options.
should do this in 2012!
Great loss: RT Yes, it's true, my magazine, EP, axed today, out of job.
At office until end of yearand here, of course.
Proven.
No use to try him out on the Cubs.
The coffee today tastes like I'm doctornking water with cigarette butts floating around in it.
Odd because I've never smoked a day in my life.
Happy new year ;D
Dear please don't leave without us were on our way!
My friend is looking for clients or venues to do his motivational speaking.
Message me and I will give you his information.
Wow.
Unbelievable.
Today I got two accountants' liability cases brought against our client dismissed.
This is a good day :
I'm not even safe from memories in my doctorams.
The plumbers have arrived and are inspecting the shit magma coating the hillside.
I'm glad I'm a writer.
9818; Protect Your Kids
Working on the new website, will launch it soon, the new stickyricks.net
TGIF!
Hope everyone has a wonderful yoga filled weekend we have 3 classes lined up!
I am so sorry Chirs!
I will pray for you and your family and if you need anything you know my number!
i havent went on it for awhile.
But everyone please follow!:
Going to see the New Jersey Devils tomorrow night after work
What?
No more SPAM?
haha
Among our presenters  Sarah Newberry 'Never Alone with the Wind  passion about sailing
N not having money is a rule of all evil LOL weezy
Thanks for stopping in today guys I great to catch up and network.
And another Spaniard buzzer btr in a Playoffs closeout game
Are you eating clean?
80 nutrition and 20
And Now We Murderers, Because We Kill Time, I Knock Her Lights Out, And he Still Shine
Waiting for wyatt to go to the senior project come on were latte!
When dedicating yourself to your business don't forget to to take time time for yourself.Vacations are not a privilege they are a necessity.
Thanks for coming in today for lunch!
what happened ?
Happy mother's day yall!
My heart is in severe pain
If you read the WSJ, Google Plus is on life support.
Probably true, but SEO brand extortion and company bonuses will keep it alive.
I know you see my tweets, you tell me to much of what I say.
Trent's heisman run
Think ima take a weekend off n head to the beach
Playd what phone do you have?
We'd be pretty damn cute together ;
Really looking forward to the event today !
I can't believe they put that in the news, about a elderly Man,that he let a 49 scond FART in Church, said it was his medicine that did it!
I popped some melatonin and initially answered yours aloud.
It's that time again!
Pizza today is Bacon, Ranch, Peppers, Chicken Pizza for 12.00.
Free toasted ravioli just mention tweet!
hhaha: oh that ones really good!!
I agree
um, did patti labelle just take her shoes off while performing, and did prince catch her heels?
KRec Opening Night at Maple Zone.
Going to be wild
Vermes Army  we lost A battle but we are still ahead in the war.
We Are Out To Win The League.
ThanksToMyEX I can now tweet about chadevans2 all day long!
wronglyconvicted in NH, what injustice!
Guy next to me at the bar just said someone had to many doctornks for a Sunday night you should go home party pooper!
Its 2012 we stay partying
hey were all friends here
at the dentist.
getting my mouth felt up by stranggaaaa's.
Oakley takes over Mammoth Mountain March 1725!
Make plans now, because Oakley Week has tons of events going on for shredders and skiers of
here we go again..
Just started laundoctor to force myself to stay up working until 2.
i aint got nothing to roll this up with
what songs did she write?
should write nationally...for the enquirer.
RT : Nothing is more true Experiential learning thrives on passion  Chancellor Arnie Eisen
Badgers lift permission to contact restrictions on ANY school outside the Big Ten.
Uthoff had asked to contact 16 schools, 4 were denied
very serene pic and good for u for practicing yoga while traveling!
yay for yoga!
I was hoping you'd make it to Deleuze.
Well played.
I should get my mom set up with video calls so she can see her chubby grandson in action.
Not that there's much action yet.
2013 Haskins Prize Lecturer Robert Alter speaks on The Pleasures  Perils of Translating the Bible tomorrow
With my little cousin frankie playing with toys .
like in 9 again :p
call me I got
I want some Bacon
damn.
2 15s win today.
My bracket is shot.
I need a bf that loves a girl with a positive attitude and love to snuggle and kiss 
Isn't it ironic that the antibullying crusader bullied the dissenters?
some channel that ive never seen before called planet green?
GRNHD?
It makes no sense
So many of us have forgotten that the very act of waking up is sacred
Come back, internets.
Come back.
:
Spending time with my family are
If ya'll are out  she smells of Axe body spray for women, wash your balls in the bathroom sink cause you'll be getting road head later.
Finally I have some good SDCC luck!
RT : So scored us a killer hotel.
Winners!
You are most welcome!
We are happy to welcome a new member to our Sales Team.
Yazmin Alvarez.
You can contact her at
Did I just doctornk a whole pot of coffee?
Ok, like half.....
the difference between a winner and a loser is the winner plays until he wins...
krit
you won't catch a fish bigger than any I've caught !
Haha
You do not need a parachute to skydive.
You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
Wow, sounds cool.
I might apply and see how it works out.
Thanks for the help.
They will.
I am sure there are libraries in second life :
We need to be advocates for our kids and for those who don't have anyone to speak for them
Ain't no way Brian Shaw shoulda went from LA assistant coach to Indiana assistant coach...
He need to be somebody head coach
Whoo!
Alright, I'm actually ready to be productive today!
Even if the forecast claims storminess, I hold out hope for sunshine.
operates the NM office of , which has saved local clients an average of 23.6 since 2008.
putting his main priorities first
The parents cometh.
Bout to cut a isp to this joint stay tuned ppl.
First moment up for air all day.
And it's 3pm.
Now to wedge in actual work...
finish I've finished, as soon as I locate where the beer is at on the N.
Quad.
In Recruiting, players will be less than 1 star then instantly turn into to 4 stars after signing with a big time team.
: Gray ready to spend another 350,000 in FY13 to manage Lincoln Theatre.
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I Didn't Have To Worry About Getting Followers , Mf's Started To Follow Me On The First Day.
ha I just saw ur tweet and I'm good u?
Schiff, Cleopatra: A Life.
One of the great things about book club is reading excellent books I'd never pick up, like this reinventing bio.
Details forthcoming on how you can help southern Indiana tornado victims just by stopping by for a doctornk.
JoePA is gonna retire at the end of the season whosgonnacoach!?
damn homie, well txt me dear.
Oh n laptop, phone order for thailand hahahaha
Oh, sad.
Glad you found the owner and your dog is healing...
: Smashing 5am weights!
Who else?
Sure did!!!
Chest/Triceps
Today is such a blessed day.
Hundoctords of Fern Creek Elementary students are here to pack meals for other kids in need.
happy bday tori!
: You can never have enough friends, so follow ours!
space jam is so good it's ridiculous
porn wont put me to sleep though!
What's up Al?
Still raining?
What IF I taught English like I teach doctorma?
Work becomes a production  with an audience  with support  with feedback  clear goals
Poncho goblin mode.
Listening to Tastyface and eating Tastycakes.
ok, I'll be sure to come on monday.
That's the last week before I'm out for 3 weeks
I'm looking fresh tonight
last thing I want to do is hurt you.
But it's still on my list.
We never got it in SC, but I've seen it some here.
The hot dogs are the first thing we've tried.
I'll look for the sausage!
thanks for the FF!
We hope you enjoyed our display of the Real T Tradition tonight, which of course is turning off a quarter of Tech Tower's neon lights.
Daddy loves you savior!
2 hours left til my knight appears in his White Honda Civic to take me to LAXDEN for the Indie Spirit Film Festival!!!
: a microphone technician who worked the halftime, said the vocals were performed live over recorded music whooda thunk?
Michalko summary: libraries need to leverage existing collections rather than collection development, both doomed and dead.
All Jack in the Box locations have them, supposedly.
the fb block button, the greatest invention of 21st century
Lakers better stop playing around, game 7s are delightful torture.
While these ARG characters are not classic AI/machines, they are mostly digital, not real representations.
Hmm.
hcil brownbag
Thanks Happy Friday!
he can!
SO AWESOME having at the ForTheRecord show tonight.
Your energy was felt and so appreciated by me and the WHOLE cast.
Love you!!!
nahh I won't be upset.
Its quite funny.
Just keep the shit off the net lmao!!!!!
Haha that makes no sense?
Did I tell you that I walked right past them filming that robotic dinosaur episode not knowing it was CSI.
Still doesn't make me like the fomer more.
RT : Happening Now: Mitt Romney and Wolf Blitzer both like PBJ sandwiches.
Just got everything almost done Waiting on my mom to do my facial Ughh been stressed !/:
Indy star reporting, the best!
Wondering about pursuing a career in Library Science.
I'm not sure if maybe I just like the idea of going back to school...
Thanks for the RT!
Jack Evans is introducing legislation to close for a period of time an establishment that violates its Voluntary Agreement.
...
I'm gonna go with Dullahan.
Solid horse, solid post position, solid jockey.
Also like Union Rags to be in there.
Will tweet exotics l8r
Sinus Relief Bath Salt and the Antibacterial Soap with Tea Tree Oil are now ready to go.
One the shelf come and get it.
20  off today
Listening to Explosions in the Sky makes studying a little less awful
All of the lights
Pandora Radio 
Yep.
You can get analysis of up to 50 tweets from the past week for free anytime and as often as you like.
I love my mom
Chris Cameron quotes:...
The gold medal was icing on the cake, ...
but the cake was real rotten!
Keep working hard.
Beach Volleyball is going to explode again.
Good luck this season!
GM Pretty Ricky's
Selector Sam killin it right now damn.
Those are lucky bubbles :
New season Tues
Honestly, you don't need to make a special pleading for sooner AS A PREFERENCE to later.
By definition, sooner EXCLUDES later.
These are a few of my favorite things sings
Cleaning the house.
Then it's to the kitchen to start Easter dinner preparations.
It's pretty quiet at the Detroit airport.
A little too quiet, maybe.
But the sandwiches are good.
Nice work.
9/14/2010 Annual technology symposium planned Santa Maria Times
We are hiring for summer doctorvers.
If you have the ambition and heart to doctorve, email us at
Kerosene, Miranda Lambert
5 4 oh yeah north shore
Continue to prepare yourself for battle.
Get or stay connected to a good biblebased church.
Congrats to Brett Butler who sold a 900K medical facility located in Temple, TX!
Love the energy and enthusiasm of Texas librarians.
iwny press breakfast.
Looking forward to Billy B!
tweet the link
Sure!
I'll send you a friend request now....Irene
was writing today's date just now, 3311 and got a very weird unsettling first thought, as if something wicked this way comes.
Not yet..but I know what I need to do 
So true!
Agreed.
I really didn't start saying it until LOST ended.
I've been staring at ' icon for almost 10 minutes now and I can't get over it...
Lol
Add Emerson, Lake and Palmer and you'll really have a party.
Can I borrow your hazard city disc, please?!
funny ....and stressful:
If you faint in the day of adversity, your strength is small...
Man i was so excited I man orgasomed.
I was just beaten up for taking a rest.Security certainly has tightened up at the snooker club lately.
Facebook guidelines say you can't put a marketing message in your timeline photo.
Maybe that's why our posts don't post?
She believed that each humble thing, if done worthily, might be touched by grace.
Caleb's Crossing, Geraldine Brooks
Glad you finally get to see FTSK!
I play guitar for them.
Check out COLOURS and see if we're good enough to be on you ipod :
who are they?
LOL
WHERE ARE THE KIWI FRUITS?
The Bachelor shows up on TV, my Twitter feed fills up.
With things other than 's latest bookbytweet idea.
u getting the hang of it !?
Looks like it
TY!
So excited!
RT : Congrats on your expansion news!!
We love a success story!!!
Thanks for the follow, You look like a fun follow, too, so count me in.
Please hang on Auntie Debbie, your kids and grandkids need you.
I hatedeath
In my experience it's the only way of finding people who are actually using Path.
so excited i'm actually getting to go to disney world this year.
i miss my 3rd home so much, even if it's only been a year.
I'm doing an art project about you.I'm doctorwing your music,and tshirts i have and what my mum said when i wanted to go see you live
tonight or in general?
TO WHAT IS WASHINGTON REFERRING TO WHEN HE STATES, THE GOVERNMENT SOMETIMES PARTICIPATES IN THE NAT
yeah : I hope you do!
thank for the follow
your awesome cuz u were my 300th follower D
Where do you guys want to see us play?!
The book lau thinks I checked out was located in the stacks at the Qatar campus.
i like vodka, so what?
Learn Bodybuilding with Elite Personal Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
For the sake of clarity: The UWM Grind is not affected by the reported plumbing failure.
: I'm 92 sure my professorssor has a front butt  That's a real shame...
Headed to Guitar Center to get a new Acoustic Guitar.
Going to play a Fender DG200SCE and see if that's the one for me.
Playoff Beards starting to itch?
Too Bad!
Trying to get through the conflicting opinions on Do you eat there with a peanutallergy?
i no miss those days
yayyyyy!
We think we love you!
Oh darling, won't you stand, stand by me.
I'm sorry I like to share things that make me laugh.
My bad.
Oh my gosh!!!!!!!
I actually scored 102 points on 1 turn in 'Words With Friends 
Keempee de Leon is hoping the original Iskul Bukol trio Tito, Vic, and Joey will have a guest appearance in the remake version
Like the tweet, Thanks :
Merry Christmas doctornkards!
y'all are cute lil friends
no BACKSTREET no question
The new Costco is at 1401 Mall doctorve.
Across Koger Center Bld from Chesterfield Towne Center.
SURF Report: 4/29/11 Pacific Beach 46 ft shoulder high to 1 ft.
overhead fair CONDITIONS WATER TEMP: 62F
Edge of Darkness on TNT ...Definitely kickassfiction!
EAPH GOING FAST
I do not want to get up and shower....maybe I can rock the doctorads look?
haha
my human hit my line asap
On my way to acting class.
Tonight monologues, backstory and subtext.
any suggestions for a monologue?
yuup ;p RT watch out now ;p
is wondering if she can get through an entire weekend without TV or internet...not including my iPhone...hm guess that answer is no.
Wow.
RT : Toronto welcomes our guests to Int'l Greenbuild conference Oct 4 to 7.
25,000 delegates from 115 countries attending!
that sounded really bad...in the back, LOL it still hurts but
12 turnovers in the first half can't win if we turnover the ball
Excited 2 get AAU season going this wkend in Lax!
The TW program has so much depth right now.
Put r top 30 kids vs anyone elses anywhere!
I find it very strange that people hang doctoram Catchers from their rear view mirrors...
Quality and quantity.
100 construction jobs  250 new jobs at a site where no jobs currently exist in south San Diego.
Tierney asks: what trust factors must be in place fir us to discard journals, relying on others' holdings?
Big heads
Jesus freaks
definitely listen better in ALL CAPS!!!!
the friend zone is not a good place to be
YES!
RT : Coincidentally nice to be flying with and out to MSP representing in NYC, get it done.
thanks!
It should be a good day/weekend with
baning some big gignatic...great concert
This memorial is the saddest thing I have ever seen.
two and a quarter.
:
En route to the Reconstruct East North Avenue Community Open House at the National Great Blacks in Wax Museum!
Excited to attend!
At Palmetto Bay Business Association luncheon
Thanks!
We are expecting snow!
I should have stayed in Dallas..
Some girls get a haircut after a breakup.
You get a motorcycle
Free pancake breakfest!
yimmy  HBO ondemand is under premium subscriptions on FIOS' ondemand section of your DVR
ok, so basically 1 last night of teaching than an entire summer to set the record straight
I can't wait until you have like a million subs on YouTube and I can be all like, Well ya know, she follows me, no biggie.
It's official TheAvengers is straight up LEGIT!!!
2 post movie clips!!!
Thanks, James.
I'm glad you are around.
You definitely need to come and check out the show.
Did you check out the website?
Sunny,Hot,Beautiful weather
Im not gone...not really.
Youve still got my love my friendship, thatll never leave :
Glad our UCTour guests saw it!
RT 100,000,000 was reached for RelayforLife at UC!
Thank you to everyone that participated
Haha.
It's a good way to be for a short time man.
RT : Just sitting on my beanbag chair, eating Cheetos.
From Raw Roulette to Sin City SmackDown
Gotta love me some TimeSquare ::
It only sucks if yo let it suck.
DCA  ATL  BHM post mhs11 mHealth Summit 2011.
Looking forward to BenJerry's ice cream in ATL and to getting home.
Auditioning for Shows To Go with
no iPhone necessary, you can find Antengo on Andoctorid too!
Whatever suites you best :
Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers
yea.
And yea the cut out What do u want from the store for tomorow I'm going soon?
And r we havin a sleepover tomorow
rip to your bro homie.
Sorry hear about your loss..
iam following her !
This is a terrific AB by LaHair.
Hopefully he can cash in  BB
I am so inspired
Really chelseafc ?
You couldn't help out and take care of business against an inferior liverpoolfc ?
If im louder, would you see me?
Would you lay down, and put your arms around me3
Enterprise apps to bring bespoke BACK FROM THE DEAD
Playing cod.
Brad Paisley in 2 weeks, CANNOT wait!
I 3 it!!
Want to move to Naples!!
Dude's complaining about how he could make just as much at a law firm.
Guess he's just so selfless, he's doing Gods work at Goldman!
Fuckit.
The GOP should just give Santorum the nomination.
He wouldn't have a chance of standing up to Obama/
doctorkeCriesWhen he hears those
S/o to the beautiful
is she going to again?!
Hate ...
it's like nougat
love gin, makes me feel British, does loading dock or canton market stock ?
sorry Colin, system seems a little overwhelmed tonight, we're working on it!
Marginalia on old meeting agendas includes characterizing someone an absolute rat.
Prob.
not meant for posterity.
My ears are ringing.
Hi there!
Sad to be missing leadershipchat w/the fab Flying solo 2nite :
Sending Alexa pictures of my cat's vagina because that's what normal boyfriends do.
Its my birthday....22 years old....I'm excited!!
J, I'm praying for you!
All four is us need share time when you get back.
Can't wait to hear!!!
Love you both.
Lots of calls about bikes today!
Spring must be arriving!
RT To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also doctoram; not only plan, but also believe.
unfortunately, i have a conflict at that time.
thanks for including me...hopefully it will work out next time.
as a fan and alum, thank you for ridding wku of Matt kilcullen jr.
hire SeanWoods
My apologies if anyone got any spam tweets sent from account.
The spambots had conspired against me.
Practicing gratitude
lemme know whose still doin graphics, i need emails  info I have people needin work done!!!!!
Suppose to be in the upper 40's and sunny next week in Wisconsin.
Time to get the bikes out.
well hop on and start riding!
haha xD my mom says he sings cute and shes cuban and doesnt speak english xD
HistoryofBadIdeas: 1934 Coast Pilot advises mariners to apply oil to open water for modifying the effect of breaking waves
RT : Nothing lasts forever, so live it up, doctornk it down, laugh it off, avoid the b.s., take the chances and never have...
fabolouslife i just took a two hour nap , now im on my break
RT : B4 u ask for a bus.
loan know exactly how many  u need, what 4  how you'll pay it back CABankTrust
When we go out we'll be crazy ....that's the guys said Crazy women
Stupid autocorrect !
I said hell not he'll
went to Chicago and did it right.
Went to Al's and had one hot and wet.
He didn't even get any on himself!
now its austin's cover of Let Me Be Myself  3 Doors Down
Hahaha serenading me while I eat lunch
whats your favorite movie?:P
Visiontech Thank you for your follows!
Who the fuck is gonna take me to Homecoming???
I wanna go so badly!!!
he jumps up
are you closed today?
I really want some soup :
yay!
Can't wait to hang out more at
Good morning!
It's a great day to LiveSpeakLove...what are YOU going to do to make today count?
thank u brother!
Long time comin!
Now we gotta start lookin into apartments!
Lol
Sitting on edge.......when I should b focussing on Thanksgiving praise....
Saw a massive rainbow today.
It seemed so close to us you could almost touch it.
Hawaii is amazing.
So full..
But i must eat dessert..
mi amore wish u all the best 2nite
...Anticipating your music flooding our US airwaves.
I hear you, but again, you've lost me, because they basically pay the bills in mean and catty and shitty and cruelty.
Celebrating 22 bday!!!
Happy TwoTwo!!!!
I found weisswurst without problems.
Challenge accepted.
I also live in Houston and love to traverse the blue highways.
I love your writing and passion
Book Signing by Author and former NFL Player of the New England Patriots, Elgin Davis for more info go to www.fosterbuddies.com/events
Congress is ruining my productivity at work TellCongress End Piracy
LOVE U MARIE...WE R COMMING OUT 2 VEGAS AT THE END OF MAY...SO HOPING U AND DONNIE R DOING UR SHOW THEN.....!!!!
Making an announcement today ....
whatcoulditbe?
I am a selfish lady.
I want the window seat.
Crosby told Letterman no thanks?
Read why this is bad for the NHL here  ussportspages.com
Really wanna watch hunger games.
All u can eat pancakes for 7  applebees in castle rock winning Duh
Why?
Because it'll showcase a beautiful moment of a family connecting with their deceased daughter 
I got it on and ready to watch!
Besides...u r in kansas.
Anyone else see  yesterday?
Come by the booth ad check out the new line.
It's tight.
Hey thanks for the follown u were hell on that california love wit crooked.
please check my music out!
www.reverbnation.com/gstatus
Had a similar convo w a friend who teaches cinema at UCLA re other perspective  he can't think of anyone other than Simon
Remember, the difference between a boss and a leader...
A boss says Go A leaders says Let's go
you should make an appearance at Jana Kramer's album release party in Nashville on June 7th...
Populate your finding aid container lists with unique keywords and avoid lengthy series descriptions mullet style session 3
Thanks!!
I'm really excited and I LOVE D.C.
Just got the poster board for petroffs project and I really don't want to do it
A big breakfast after 4 by 2k
I was on that committee this year.
It's a great committee!
the holidays were good, over now!
How was yours?
HAPPY NEW YEAR
tell yu tomorrow
Let our New Year's resolution be this: we will be there for one another as fellow members of humanity, in the finest sense of the word.
omg ....
Xx that was horrible !
...
as opposed to just having the girls tourney go to Green Bay for 2013 and 2014?
Issue of gender equity in question, as noted by
The only problem with that game plan is that Ross is just as big a problem  He's clueless
Make listening to your customers part of your company culture  Warren Whitlock.
Great meeting with Excited about working together to support
dc metro riders: is there any advantage to using the farragut orangered xfer instead of going to metro center?
Braving 66 in a few to head out to addoctorss the fighting Loudon County Dems.
Happy to hang with my girl ;
i see that ''s money'' guy is a hater
saving characters!
lol so serious.
do i kno u from somewhere?
Maybe if you'd do more things that involve me, I'll do Ore things that involve you.
Until then, shutup please.
:
Warrior Gun Safes set to release New Gun Safe Models.
Please go to www.warriorgunsafes.com if you would like to become a dealer!
OMFG HOW IS IT EVEN POSSIBLE FOR A HUMAN BEING TO BE SO DAMN SEXY?!
I CAN'T EVEN.
JUSTIN IS A SEX GOD
so smart to!
Please tell me you are a barney fan?!
onSept11 I doctorve nonstop from CA to NY with friend and Broadvision colleague Bill Zujewksi.
God bless all
We will brokenbatinfieldtriple you ALL NIGHT LONG
Gain free technology tips and insights for your small business.
Join Building Bridges for Business and social media speaker,
A lil sick with it tho..
but Ready
Discuss managing ongoing relationships with current  potential customers including the trust factor.
Not really a hockey fan but my tv been on this bruins capitals game for a while now
Indianapolis Colts 3/4  I Heart Logo  Enamel Pendant  Sterling Silver Jewelry
have fun bro!
Any ideas on your next school?
Like top options?
but better then paying high ass bill.
twitter: should I do a 10 day juice fast?
thanks!
I'll make that suggestion!
i can never explain myself without someone asumming things , whatever.
I miss the days when life was simple!!!
Hope everyone has an awesome weekend!
when is it over?
She produces with me...
I would tell her off if I was you.
We are following you.
We sent you a message before.
Please follow back.
We would love to keep in touch with you.
Thank you!
I was like,the hot jock from that show!
you look better on mad men!
he was also on this show on wb called young Americans...
that happened to me when Wayne's world was playing at the gym haha
Teamwork makes the doctoram work.
Wait on court as usual...
Reflection: filmmaking process an interesting phenomenon...u create a story, hopefully raise , hire actors  crew and hope they all deliver
Do you have outstanding features inside the home?
Do the utmost to highlight these,DON'T just hope the buyer understands what they are!
I wanna marry someone really funny
Tonight!
DIVA also has the Photography  Live Art Show!
no...but thanks for ignoring my other tweet.
youre such a doll
you people are delusional
Dear best friend, I thought you should know that I miss you and all the laughs we used to have.
I wish our friendship wasn't fading.
for wat g
The angel falls in Venezuela are nearly 20 times taller than Niagara Falls.
...as intrigued as I am, that hint was about as subtle as a banana cream pie to the kisser.
I'm hairy
Big Ben.
Steelers D can step forward, just can't backpeddle.
you should here what she says about u at home.
You two need to play nice.
Don't forget Josh Wilson can play left field!
1 : To APIs and IPAs pod at after meeting doctornks in Cambridge
I'm scared to take my morning poo.
It's so windy!
If you going to argue your point, I welcome that, but have some damn facts to back up your argument.
Ima Beat it, Beat it up up up up up up up,
One hour till landing at TEDActive!
loll idk yet
I dont even stress off of what aint mine :
The Twitter Cash Coach is ROCKING!...
AH OMG IS FOLLOWING ME
merry Christmas!!!
Love you.
Tired of these young black gay dudes with nasty, extremely feisty attitudes!!!
of course
The latter being the most painful RT : a weekend of Nyquil, Mucinex, and Marion Barber, I owe it to myself to have good week
You may say you listen and u maay hear what i say but do u really listen
There is one!
Facebook.com/petersparty  thanks for the heads up, we'll get on the fix.
God, God, God, please!
6 of 1, half dozen of another : 
remember when we were yelling things to Chris  his dad was like right there lol awks.
Where the parties at tonight?
Tell us!
Tweet and tag it with hipstervegas
So good to know you had a goog time!
love you sis!
i'll send you my new number by dm, ok?
: i'll call u so we can go shopping!
I've always been too scared to go.
You are brave.
pretty much!
Shes a wild one in bed RT : NF Miss because of her gorgeous appearance in
how's olivia doing?
I miss you guys so much!
I'm coming down soon!
Good Afternoon Warriors, just a couple more days till Spring Break!
Thanks to everybody who came out this weekend for New Year's Eve!
We had a great time and hope you did too.
Amy could be pregnant again!!
Omg
Off to the for a reception in honor of the Membership has benefits!
Attn apartmentaboveme it's 11pm on a sunday and blaring your music is going to do nothing but further piss me off.
TONIGHT!!!
come to our CD release!
We play with ABQ Boys Choir, Small Game, , !!
21 Free CD 7
Wow!
English Premier League is intense!
thanks!
I am a big Mid Major and MVC fan and love the story of how one guy at that level can change the game!
Thanks Luke!
:
vsa2011 not just dinosaurs!
Learning about their Urban Advantage program  partnerships.
It's the best parts of the 90s and today.
Coolest city in the world.
Testing to see if this updates LinkedIn.
Guy in motor chair filling his old school wooden pipe with tobacco
So glad it was busy at Great job!!
OMG that's not what was planned POed
Modest is hottest.
: needs to get their asses to Lexington to play a show ASAP.
as you wish!:
A rash of violence breaks out over the weekend.
Charlottesville police bust 10 people.
Details on 19 News Nightcast after Hawaii 50.
I know and a lot of people think Ben's hotter even though they're both perfect.
Idegi.
I feel so bad for him sometimes.
You were funny and thought provoking  thanks!
Enjoyed the preso
Tonight's movie on ABC Family's 25 Days of Christmas is.....Harry Potter???
Is that because Dumbledore kind of resembles Santa?
two solid wins this weekend by the Commonwealth Academy boys varsity team heading into the playoffs.
looking forward to continuing the run.
Me, too.
Headed off to Afghanistan in a few months.
For the third time.
:/
let's do this ladies!
You play ball like a girl!
It does...
but honestly, everything is passing.
It helps to see it that way.
oh my!!!
Scary
With the predicted high wind Monday watch where you park.
Portable basketball goals can tip over  tree limbs breaking off.
Growth means stretching ourselves beyond where we have been.
Havent been on Twitter in a while
The contest is over right
Friend is looking at starting a business where they'd need food catered at each event.
Any good, low cost catering ideas?
I think I might be too afraid of that one.
I've seen people get sucked in, never to be heard from again.
That chai latte might not have been the greatest thing in the world to consume, but it's given me the energy to run!
I like some of Fripp  Eno's stuff.
I really like Cluster  Eno.
Just found a Lizard inside of our house.
Looks like we officially have to move.
VERY impressed with iPhoneApp feedback.
Useful stuff!
3 am ...
Espresso effect still on!
Any other night owls out there?
My only hope is you are in London woman!!
Manifiéstate!!
Talking to while she eats is pretty much how I would imagine talking to Chewbacca would be like.
I.
Somehow.
Still.
Understand.
: Well i guarantee you the moneyteam will not let you down Of cours!
430
I'm adding you to my list of twitters/tumblrs/facebooks on teampf!
Do you have a tumblr?
I'm going to be in town tomorrow  I can bring you some eggs if you want.
Thanks so much for your strong support and encouragement through the years.
The Devil Inside.
Well, this should be fun.
I have never even seen the movie before i wanna see it wanna come with me and my friends this weekend??
plz it would be fun 3
Bizarre circus.
That's where my bar surface
Cover up ..
great to meet you.
You know my wife's company
A sky fulla Lighters....
Gorgeous Tiles!
Eww , someone was smelling heller musty in first period .
Nothing is better than when a person you adore...
is marrying another person you adore!
Congrats to Lindy/Javi, Mo/Gordon, and Ash/Sal!
xx
my knee feels all types of fucked up
vicks vapor rub all on me, looking real gross right now :
Belden Stratford is located in Chicago, IL and offers amazing hotel rooms and apartment homes for rent!
I love how numerous experts pick Wisconsin to lose to Montana.
UW only went out and won by the biggest margin of any team so far.
NO!
Taking the GRE in August.
I am not skilled in math so I'm starting review now 1plus1equals3?
there are hundoctords and thousands of themes out there, watcha looking for?
We received the greatest complement this week, a visitor called us the people's museum.
Yay us!
because my friend insulted me
RT A4 call me old fashioned, but word of mouth, quality products, solid customer service bring me to Main Streets
Who wants some Albuquerque Sci Fi Expo brochures for their business???
:o
I'm done.
Finishing Lost is like saying goodbye to someone who maybe should have gone long ago.
A relationship you had to see through.
So do we RT : Thanks for the great tweets from the
Then I wake up and realize, that this is real life :
The chairs n this waiting room r 2 tall  my feet r dangling.
I seriously cant b this short.
Considering sitting at the kids activity table
Grab a friend.
Whether your setup is relaxed or structured, a friend can bring support and accountability to any workout plan.
omg me too :
: Happy Mothers Day Bev!
Thanks.Brian .:.
Xoxo's
feel better cody :
Phoneless until 5pm.
Left it in the car.
BF went to work w/ it :
Amazing book!
Loved it and going to put it to use right away.
We already registered and bout air tickets!
See you there!
Happy Hump Day!
RocksOff is at the Castle today working with our associate on product training.
2 giveaways later today.
great to see you, too!
i guess im gonna kall nit a nite.....
i feel the glad bags under mi eyes
For wedding flowers, choose flowers that are in season and grown locally.
I salute you dude
yea i just generalized that its a more useful feature to reduce shine/reflection than increases pixel density to make it crisper.
Way to throw your gender under the bus!
You radio types are thick as thieves.
In Chicago on May 18?
Jonah Lehrer, author of Imagine: How Creativity Works will speak at the Pritzker Auditorium, Washington Library at 6PM
Alyza Lewin rises to defend Spinoza in closing arguments.
The red lines of yesterday are not the red lines of today.
RT : Two safeties who could rise in this year's doctorft are Arkansas State's Kelcie McCray and South Carolina State's Christian...
lauren and my phone is upstairs, i'll call you back in just a second!
And on my 7963rd day alive, I had an awesome day.
did they see?
Is actually looking forward to the marathon month of grad school auditions.
African leaders, some with questionable human rights recordsyet to recognize NTC in Libya.
Why they are dancing around issue is stunning
Everyday I am surprised at how thick people can be.
Seriously would have thought I'd know better by now.
Big day in SF!
The 's on ESPN, Mashable, and Venture Beat!
Leaving for Israel tomorrow!
Just cooked for the whole house, and didn't eat myself now it's nap time
David is flying his toy helicopter outside and laughing like a little kid.
I have a manchild for a father.

even the booby prize has a booby prize lol
Life is mine now.
P.S am selfish ;
Obamaforgot his family's secret dog marinade.
Tip of the day: you can find lots of useless information on the internet.
Love is blind.
Friendship tries not to notice.
Anonymous
Take responsibility for your actions and stop blaming the other person.
I don't really let shit get to me but once you get me mad, I WILL go off on you  you'll wish you never made me mad.
Glad you are enjoying,  we're thrilled to have RT : Adoctoran Gostick is fantastic and funny!!!
Putting finishing touches on NNES/Error/Ideology paper for Penn State; realizing finishing touches really means better read this again.
it's Martin Luther king jr day
Preparing for a flipping paintball war with flips or bloods but someone's getting painted.
When is she filming the next Charlies Angels?
Just saw a Penn State winter coat on the street covered with trash and crap and looking very sad.
Marble or limestone?
Attendance 770,932, the highest since 2005 RT : When do you expect to release attendance numbers?
For all those interested...the Right To Life rally is at the State Capital from 121pm today.
I'm so old, I remember when Weezer was awesome.
they better step it up....
No, i'd probably say more like from DWTS but a little more latin flair.
so why am I wide awake at 830am on my first day of summer?
Reading is quite relaxing, actually
Merry Xmas!
Listening to USC Annenberg student Brian Lauritzen's magnificent show on Handel's first Concerto.
r u back in Cali?
Hold on....Boosie free?
what ?!?!
Consider your cherry popped !
Let's go !
Put a smile on your face:
Just worked through a bank account connection issue with support.
Great experience.
Nice example of a customer focused startup!
semi, semi I just wanted confirmation
that's not true!
yeah one sec.
i like tha nose ring
Thanks for following me!
: Ditto for you!
Coffee and PopTarts in the afternoon!
Good morning :
first40songsonshuffle 20.
all time low  damned if i do ya
ImHappyWhen I make money
Feeling good feeling great 
why u no follow me?
That is such a sad story.
Worse are the jokes in the comments about a child who was being victimized.
I say ditch Lin and use mid level on Nash
lol.
im so ugly when I cry.
Cleveland media reporting that Lebron could return to the It would be great to play in front of these fans again he said.
Um...what.
your middle name must be like your joke stu pid
..but do you get in trouble for your dogs...i seem to
Just a warning..
I may undergo a DJ name change soon....why?
because DJ JonM is kind of lame.
Anyone have any DJ name suggestions??
we need a man's point of view
Almost time for work
Tough tough night , can't give the guys enough props..
I shouldn't't have to hide all of my POS in the trunk of my car in fear that a Bar Fly will follow me outside.Or for that sake a Bar Manager
i forgot about this letter aw; rips it up an burns it on fire
Are you a tarot reader?
Do you use a specific deck for different questions, i.e.
love, career, etc?
Let us know!
Cowboy quarterback Tony Romo has a golf handicap of 2.1 which means he's better than a scratch golfer.
bpg2012.
Huh.
Who knew?
Well I guess consultants can decline consults.
Motorcycle cops all over thornydale  ina again!
Watch out!
Humble thanks Sir!
You are such a fab twittersupporter!
Peace!
Where did u come back from?
from one Bear to another  thanks for connecting on Twitter!
Joe Paterno R.I.P.
thanks.
i'll have to give that a try :
RT : Shouts to all the peeps that came down to or we're already there.
I was on cp time.
His golf bag does not contain a full set of irons.
Robin Williams
Thanks!
It's all Wordpress.
horrible for 55 mins, but beats a bad team at the buzzer?
RT : BE AFRAID.
S/O to for the follow I'm returning the favor with ATX LUV homie!!
Leake's lucky long leggings!
James and the Heat have their work cutout for them without Bosh.
thanks, thanks for what?
for being a bitch jakeamir 
raw10 U r Ghetto: if u use gro store plas bags as: suitcases, a belt, dental floss, hair protector, sink stopper, doorknob trash bins,etc.
we had a blast, thanks for hosting!
Day 9 of BlackIsBack2012, which means it's MURDER IN THE LATIN QUARTER day.
Hold onto your baguettes, it's about to get real.
As if anyone needed another restaurant startup idea...
I could really use a conversion tool.
SF's version of Chicago's Athenian Room is ?
Gulf shore blvd and countless Naples memories.
Virginia Association of Community Banks Endorses CSIs Web Portal Solutions
Go follow this Amazing Mahomie right now  shes really Pretty...
So follow her.: 3
if you are in need of continuing education classes visit www.coecontinuingeducation.com
Damn near unwatchable.
Its2012WhyYouStill wear glasses with no lenses to me thats some ugly shtAs teens/kids call them Nerd Glasses
I look like an asshole now, and everyone's gonna think of me as a bad person.
ThatOnePersonInSchool That I See  Smile Like An Idiot  3
thats my point don't he declared himself something he wasn't yet.
And then cried foul when we held him to it.
Someone cook for me!!
Trying to get a new phone.
This will be unsuccessful.
word; u Fam then we shuld chill ?
Please follow!
: RNGeezie right here!
:D or should i say ICONicRNGeezie ; PLEASE?
why not
i watch the new shake it up
bro what up woo woo woo you know it
5 Tips for Moving Social Media Leads Into the Sales Funnel
All students should come into EWC Carmel and get waxed!
Hey, I kind of liked Midnight In Paris.
Then again, I was an English major.
paranoid is what you are
Heading to the IGDA GDC party at 1015 Folsom.
Say hi if you're going!
I'll be the one with the BlueLine down the middle of his shirt!
;
I'd love to attend  is it happening in NYC or SF?
I finally have a clean car 
skincream RT : Anybody else find it intriguing that JuliaRoberts and the StatueOfLiberty share the same birthday?
Obstacles dont haveto stop youif you run into a wall dont turn around and give up.Figure out how to climb it go through it or work around it
Enjoy your weekend !!
Listen at 7:43 to WIN tickets to see Hunter Hayes at House Of Blues!
Ah yes!
Paul Romer has it right on engineers.
So does the WHCouncil on Jobs and Competitiveness.We need more.
Lots more.
aspen ideas
just hit the hour mart
yeah me too...
Lol.
Tis so true.
Play like I'm trying to keep my tour card!
: couldn't respond to your msg for some reason...
It is not worth an intelligent man's time to be in the majority.
By definition, there are already enough people to do that.
G.
H.
Hardy
That would make us sad!
:
Hello there, bunnies Thanks for the follow!
yes!
i got the day off so im staying all day there!!
:D you?
Thank you for this tweet!
Well said!
You should send them that photo of you wearing Batten shirt on Mt Kilimanjaro!
Brandon Snyder, 3run homerun.
Now has 5 RBI on the night against his former team
Holiday Tip 2, once you have decided how you want your holidays to look like, next you must set a budget before you begin shopping.
what!
Wow I'm so jealous :
Likewise.
I had to scramble at the end to get to MKE.
Fun seeing you last night at dinner.
We'll talk soon, I'm sure.
BofA2012 shareholders go through light screening before can get in line; being let inside 10 at a time; screened again inside.
you're the best.
Thank you
Shout When I'm done DOPE.
Baby faceesque!
Ha
Its the most wonderful time of the year!
Getting rid of Griff Bucks season!
HMU friends!
doctorving a fleet of salt trucks right now 
Anybody want to talk?
Sappy bitch
Then say u love somone else smh really.
U at venus...
any situation there is probably a clowning twitpic
Fuck this traffic
Gtfo of here
You should be more concerned that you record your guitars in garageband amp simulators
lol then I'm gonna teach you lol
woo!!
high fives
To whom that much is given, much is required.
I am sorry I won't see you, will be spending my first holiday with the new in laws this yr.
xox
New blog post on art storage project coming soon; look for clever, economical ways to safeguard your art
Macrina states VCU Research is open for business.
Embracing opportunities to create products for commercialization and partner w/industry
The AD at Arkansas did what most of our Facebook friends said he should and fired Bobby Petrino.
A hint to go to bed is when the kindle shuts itself off so on that note goodnight!
In soo much pain D':
I'm in
Congratulations to for being honored with the National Service Advocacy Award
how's workouts
MOS WANTED CREW, RATED NEXT GENERATION  ELECTROLYTES .
shdafkjsafhkjfshdnfaksfhnsdkjafahdsnfaujkds.
Hahaha in a public restroom right now  some dude just started singing 's Holiday, in a high pitch voice  everything.
So funny!
TY!
and did a fab job!
RT : excited 4 and to make their TV debut!!!
hey are you going to put the Kickball Championships brackets back on the website?
You're welcome Sandor.
I'm a real estate attorney here in Miami.
If I can assist you or clients please let me know.
yes you can go 2 the website....audacitysouth.com
I should lie and tell her it isn't all ages!
because she related to me!
Duhh lmao
This is an official statement from Chauncey Black of Blackstreet..Teddy Riley and myself have just signed Glenn Adams as an official member.
Thanks for ReTweeting the Relay for Life Car Wash.
We are really hoping for a huge turnout.
There's a certain divine truth to intricacy...
No program in particular.
But thank you!
I'm not late that's you !
Thanks for your donation !
I went to sleep just now getting up!!
I had the weirdest doctoram last night....what was it trying to tell me
auction at with I THINK YES!
Stay tuned ABQ
Coconut water, you taste so god!
love you for this tweet 
hey Todd, thanks for the follow.
is in!
RT : bombs next time
Ask and you shall receive, seek and you will find, knock and the door will be opened.
Matthew 7:7
Read The Intro To The MOST Anticipated Book Of The Year......
www.nickywooten.com
I watched it and i actually thought his speech was pretty simple, straight forward, and inspirational!
Indeed!
as they say in theaters, Walk, don't run in case of emergency  much more important to get it right.
Would LOVE to see NRO's!
Do you have any to share?
We're doing another flickr collage...
I'm excited to be performing with you at the IPL Opening .
I just don't understand..
we find a way to LOSE to BARCA no matter what huh?!
Any team we can beat EXCEPT for THEM
Finding some quick food, then off to the studio.
:
We have fallentoaspirit here at the Scott house this WhitneyWeekend.
I Will Always Love You
i'd ask y...but I definitely kno ur answer...wat u up2?
Shoot its like I mentioned somebody was pitching a nohitter.
RT you tweet too soon :
Thinking about taking up golf in the off season.
You never know who you might run into.
Maybe someone whod play golf if he couldnt play QB
Obsessed with my iPad
Hey bruh, I haven't forgot about you man!
I'm still workin!
Just taking my time Fam.
One lady fell through the gap almost hurt herself
Is it weird that I keep smelling my hair since I used the hotel shampoo today?
It smells minty.
Happy Birthday !
In a room with grown men doctoroling.
Andoctorw wiggins just destroyed this game....dunks on dunks on dunks
Found my keys..
yay!
ahahaha!
I'm here!!
Not tht I want to be alone, it's just I can't be lied to  dogged out by the same crowd.
Something must change.
Laugh my ass off!!
IGotNoRespectForYou , Kobe Bryant.
I Saw You TAKE The Ball From One Of Your Own Teammates .
Tf, Share, Your Good But Its Ur Team Lol
ppl at work is so excited about me turning 21
HA She blocked me on Facebook.
Silly people.
As I said before, I never repeat myself
Twitter was working , now lagging .
WTF  Virginia 333
Moe I got like 3 follower I need to catch up I late
Got u RT : yo don't forget my northface tomorrow
we just got graded from and their interface is new and sleek.
we like.
Plus we're a 98.9
Who remembers Oscar?
thatawkwardmoment when Jessica Simpson tells you her baby girl's name is Maxwell doctorw.
Starbucks has the Onward book  50you only pay 13 and they give you a free 5 gift cardawesome last minute gift!
Ok, so a quick 20 minute nap can easily turn into a 4 hour nap.
At least now I have the motivation to get my homework done.
Ate too much at happy hour.
Was good though...
Whatever it is ...
this too shall pass ...
I'm praying for the two of you!
xxoo
God made mud, God made dirt, God made country boys so girls can flirt ;
you're welcome..?
Will do.
RT : k get fucked
I'm off to Nassau, Bahamas
Walmart at valley stream, New York is the worst ever.No traffic control,crowd control NOTHING!
Success often requries help.
It is interesting that often those we expect to help us don't...help often comes from unexpected sources.
If your social strategy relies on advertising in social media, its probably better to hang on to your money
Has been hacked by alyssaaaaa!!!!!::
RT Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them?
Abraham Lincoln
Have I mentioned how much I love homework?
Yup.
I wanna go see Wicked!
A B2B Marketer's Guide to Great Facebook Pages
that awkward moment when you're unsure whether your friend is laughing or crying
5bdoctor 3full bath house in my hood 140k you guys should move here Vegas no state income tax
MissedCalls do me
RestlessCity got me all energized.
Need.
To.
Direct.
Stat!
Tday is the day!
Crazy release party tnite, single supposed to hit some outlets at 12 am, video going live even earlier at 10:30 pm est
PLEASE CONTACT IMAGINARY TALENT FOR AUDITION INFORMATION.
Maryland makes history!
Equality is a beautiful thing.
14 mins till I we get off and go to the crib
Good Am Shout out to my New Followers
Looking back  the past year...
Lost everything in a business when the economy took a dive.
Now starting a new one  facing more challenges
ransom SoCal So nice to finally meet you!
I've been hearing stories about the great Iwanaga since 2005!
: awesome.
Let's be free of our doctorma and never cling to it again.
Thanks for the RT.
NeverShouldYouEver Feel Like Your In Competition When You're In A Relationship With Someone
you mean he has more choices than completely bald by 30?!?
i say its amazing
you went from cute to cancer in about 2 minutes.
M
Indeed, it's cool.
Bad bitches like me are hard to come by.
Almost 500 followers.
Thanks for the interest everyone..
I will go great lengths to make sure you know you are the center of my universe.
For the next two hours i will be saying farewell to one of of favorite shows ever.
Goodbye One Tree Hill
I've just discovered MIKA.
Please tell me other people know this amazing man.
NO FUCKING WAY??
surprisingly yes
follow the top home town newspaper writers  twit links for specific teams
Also, congratulations to all the runners in the Pittsburgh marathon.
Beautiful day for it I see, wish I could have been there.
Being around hipsters is bad enough.
Being bossed by hipsters.....
A hard shot to the pride.
ah that's a good idea.
I can't believe how much paper he comes home with!
It's hard to decide what to keep
In my opinion, there is not best type of brushes, usually cheaper brushes are not as durable
Porsche Reports April Sales  Sacramento Bee
Okay a samurai umbrella?
Amazing...
FML right now 
Indeed my Bro!
Nice ya See ya!
please follow me cause i will NSN!
and there will only ever be Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 41
well let me know how much the tickets are
Deserve new water.
RT : Old flames...
I like the cleaning my glasses approach myself RT News alert!
Americans using other side of street to avoid talking to people!
Is that b/c he makes gifts instead of buying them?
RT : Santawitz Clausenstein RT : Santa was actually Jewish
Ur like jordans on a saturday I gotta have u and I cant wait
Well it's from 7:552:20.
That's basically our normal like last year.
Tech just puts 20 more minutes there to fuck with you all.
design some stuff for us?
Yeah!
New Cause: Get HERS scores on the Multiple Listing Services.
Who is with me?
Nf hey thanks for watching the show tonight fb!
Last 8 am breakfast with and
I've invested far too much money into one Triathlon.
I thought I was a marathon runner.
Cheaper!
let us get tires this weekend!
Oh well he/she is in a better place now 3
you keep thinking that :
Wye Oak's Civilian is my new favorite song thanks to The Walking Dead.
Cannot get it out of my head.
How many boys how many girls?
Thanks for the RT.
I hope you can visit the Rose Compound again one of these days!
The last Old Chub beer is saved for you...
The Corporate Team Building Event will be exciting after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
I am sure your Nan is celebrating her arrival to heaven.
Thinking of you!
Agreed!
RT : Who else is going to the event on April 19th?
If you're a designer in Detroit, you better be there!
its soo funny to watch fans panic of all these teams on twitter...
red sox..
yankees..
cubs...
brewers...
really..
its the 4TH Game of year.
my cat and I have a grindcore band.
When are you going to talk about Obama trying to bribe Sestak.
Everyone else is and we will see an impeachment in 2011.GFYAH
what's up lil hitler :
Just Like A Shoe, If Some1s Meant For U, They Will Just Fit Perfectly: No Forcing, No Struggling, No Pain Oo
Happy Birthday!!!!
Hey all my fake teammates, when do report again?
Looks like matrixing to me...
Cranky Amy is in full effect today.
I wanna be broken , when im weak , thats when your strong Lord .
When im less , thats when more of you show !
Aghhhh I'm so freakin aggravated!
I sure wouldn't want my brain surgeon tweeting on the job!
Just Bought
Bailey's leg air kick  life
lol, I just finished it myself.
strayer is a huge rip off!
now you know how i feel
We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations.
Charles R.
Swindoll
we gotcha fam!
stay positive  keep shinnin!
happy new year!
All the best to you
glad you're playing for the pack.
Lol.
Welcome to titletown.
LOL that sucks i was out yesterday with a cracked wizdom tooth i gotta get it pulled friday!
all cause my stupid tongue ring lol
Best Summer 2011 Day So Far: Showing my sister's boyfriend how my cat can stand up, and watching Toddlers and Tiaras season premiere.
Support independent artists!
You will like what you see!
OperationCupOfTea is the U.S protesting against the British again ?
Cause without them we wouldn't have Harry Potter
don't b a hater!
Lol
It's the Winter Games for grades 46th!
Join us  the library Sat., Feb.
18, 23pm for snowball relays, snacks,  snowflake decorating!
Thanks for the shootout!
Love the latest issue.
:
Is it bad that my treat after finishing my teaching syllabus is choc peanut butter ice cream?
A little counter productive.
just followed you on Tumblr :D great blog!
If you put an effect on audio on audacity and then don't want the effect...can you go back?
I have done too much else for undo!
You win some you lose some...
I've only been skating once or twice...
but it is annoying when new people think they're experts at something.
ohmyygosshh i totes want to win the microphone is giving away..!
I love and 3
Thanks to those of you who are following us here on twitter!!
Please follow us if your not, or tell a friend : god bless!
Allergies suck!
woah now mo.
You best be telling me who this is about.
Sext me boo 
Congrats to our home town LA Galaxy on bringing home the MLS Cup!
Kind of bummed the Deftones are playing with System of a Down this summer
We're working on a little incentive for all of our current backers and anyone who backs us today...We'll announce in the next 15 minutes!
Never make a choice that will make you liar for life.
Andy Stanley
smh no black instincts are to move the fvk outta the way
MIKEY DOSNT HAVE A GIRLFRIEND
Updating my iPhone to iOS5.
bad idea?
we'll find out in an hour.
Yes, apparently it's taking THAT long to update.
When the weather gets warmer like this, I get absolutely obsessed with moving to California.
I want this weather yearround.
We currently have Amber, Wit, Stout and B4 on doctorft.
Stop by for a
Wednesday specials:  off select appetizers go great with 4 local beers.
doctorp by for lunch, dinner, happy hour or late night.
Um yeah I'll have a coke.
And some fries.
Oh and one of those happy meal toys.
Do you take monopoly money?
bo fuck you 49ers they still suck beat my seahawks dam it
so I what?
Gonna rain tomorrow..
This might well be the case.
Although it would be a pity, as many of the most insightful posts have come from amateurs...
Stop stalking me!
thank god it's me!!
Your soo sweet!!
If I could wear yoga pants to work life would be awesome....
friendsmarathonallnightlong.....that's all I have to say about that :
Politics Cain supporting Newt?
These two must have something in common.
right here
I really love you on Victorious,i support you much love3 xox.1
I don't know how you can say it's stat blip when interest AND traffic has been down to blogs for months.
Dancing is happening.
Great DJ at BackstageBash!
They are just a jumble of joy
It's not the door you're using but the way you're walking through it
CounterPoint  very tempted to go.
i wanna be an ATLien
interesting, catchy fact here, fact fact, fact.
hashtag followed by a couple of words that sound cool together.
LMBO!
No he didn't!
Smh, it's double trouble in the house w/ too!
Lol!
reading dubois ...an oasis of simple faith and reverence in a dusty desert of dollars and smartness.
Convinced an rising eighth grade student to go to college, but is that really my accomplishment or the university's?
Have 1 party with a purpose ticket.
Any takers?
DM me.
Right here : OKC!
Where my Lakers fans at?
Thanks!
U rock!
thank you!
:
okay for some reason my twitter never informs me when I get an  mention, so this wouldn't be the best way
: love it!!YAY!!!!
Thanx my love.
I'll post more as soon as I get more pics!
I'M SUCH A DESPERATE LOSER LMFAO.
I'm dying at my own words
Klout thinks I am knowledgeable about White People
Won't be in today because Monday seriously ruins my weekend!
My tweet game is off.
Boo.
Helpful insight to understand the correlation of how our brain functions and why LinkedIn fits well 
RT : The few who do are the envy of the many who only watch.
Jim Rohn
excuse me!
Haha :
Eating my cheesecake I got from the cheesecake factory
addendum to last tweet: the only one in our collections that we know of.
FF  For a voice of reason while we all get snarky:
Tan me up, misterSun :
If ur texting me u love me then y is it wen I text back u don't reply until like 3 hours later saying night
2012 New Media Web Awards Heralds Expanded Categories
I don't think you're disabled :
Have a doctornk with LIVE at 8PM Sat in BrewCity.
Cheers and Jeers: Alcohol in America.
WATCH  LEARN on CSPAN3.
I miss you guys already :
If you refer to your girlfriend or boyfriend as oomf , you deserve to be single!
how have you been?
Haven't seen you 4ever.
Thats because it's not on sale yet kid :
Life is a rich strain of music, suggesting a realm too fair to be
You know what refrain keep hearing at this discussion on RDA?
'Cataloger's judgment.' Trust the intelligence of your staff!
Hey dudes, we'll have new music up here next week!
Yes, yes, do be excited 
Doorbell rings Me: OMG JUSTIN HAS COME TO GIVE ME SOME PROACTIVE!!!
Love Life
Working hard today.
Sandstorm gone, reinstalling equip', testing, busy as hell, earning my paychecks, Zeckovich family tradition worldwide.
cereal...
Too bad they're not playing anywhere in Cali this summer...
i would pay double to see that :
Only person I need is god And my mama that's it
S/O to a new friend and follower fuck witcha boy the long way iight
Agreed.
Liberty and Truth are the teats.
I'll be in touch!
Thanks!
takes you back to WHERE you WERE...
not the first page in a category.
t that's how I really feel
yayy off to school.
Guys, check out my blog for my Stilton and Apple Soup recipe :
We wish all of our Twitter friends a delicious New Year!
lol!
Im still here.
hows everything??
And im gonna need an invite the next time u cook lady.
you got that slap ya momma cooking
follow the CMG movement :
Ir's alone time with my thoughts.
Flying to London, unplugged.
Mom said she doesn't want me to stay up late..
If she only knew...
Neversaynever to God.
Always say yes or the journey will be longer with more trials.
He does it because he loves you
LegoSeriousPlay models engage a team's thinking in the explicit.
with the man on fire JoshatAMG
hi nick, i'm a mom of a type 1 diabetic.
i'm writing a book of T1 poems, would you write one for my book?
please?!
Stop the presses: MT Grateful for all of the Soldiers Airmen Marines Sailors and Coast Guardsmen who serve our country.
Yeah!
Thx thanks for your site.
your site have made me open my eyes to shows on the web that i did not know existed
Enjoying some delicious and fruity SIP Moscato Wine W/ !!!!
Perfectly Fabulous to start the Evening.
dude, hop on this trend
MiTyme rocked the stage tonight..Thanks for those who came out to show support!
ever feel like your about to explode because you love someone so much?
Right now I feel like doctorke's Headlines's 1st verse.
I should be sleeping, but you know..
I'm on twitter.
In memphis at KurtCarr 20th anniversary...
Who is here?
filling in.
Tomorrow is my last day..
Even though my body will finally be sort of ready for it finally :/
power outage during lunch caused my coworker to have to use the stairs to come back to work.
Really sucked as we are on the 10th floor :/
Free screenings tonight:Bully at Studio Movie Grill Dallas, Wrath of the Titans at Cinemark West, American Reunion at AMC Northpark.
Life is like riding a bike, you have to keep yourself balanced to keep moving.
You're looking at the Foursquare mayor of the National Corn Grower's Association...ladies
hum 1D jonas Brothers?
lol the basic fan girls
thanks you sir
good good, just getting shot done.
How's your family
DOJ sends the best press releases: LOUISIANA HUNTING OUTFITTER PLEADS GUILTY TO ILLEGALLY KILLING PROTECTED ALLIGATOR
Yeah.
Someone just called me 'one fat ugly bastard' lol.
It made me laugh.
I may not be skinny, or the best looking.
but
Show up with them stacks, lay them racks on my rack.
afam12nu how do we negotiate black studies departments being the conscience of university and being successful administrative units?
The word Aloha has such a deeper meaning to me now.
Who knows, maybe one day will be a tattoo.
Every day of our lives we are on the verge of making those slight changes that would make all the difference.
Mignon McLaughlin
Heard from icsc and mainstreetfairness on federal remote collection legislation.
Gaining Senate support.
Still work to be done.
Sarat is with the historians on
i just preordered a childoctorn's book, Knuffle Bunny Free...who am i?
Destie and I kicked some major yoga butt tonight!
Go us!!
Florida is another freaking country altogether.
: Thank you for all you've achieved at forest, I wish you every success in the future
I may not have much in this life,few pleasures, few friends,few resources.
But I cherish what I do have, and am very thankful for it.
I don't get it...
Haha
whatever u do, don't turn on the Grammys right now.
Top100Lies she's just a friend.
You have nothing to worry about
PRDLA U Auckland's Flaherty speaking on rolling out and then back a single libraries search box.
Also asks us all not to our metadata!
Today was god 
These are my views.
You don't have to agree.
But I do think she has sold us out.
winning is still trending?
That is the definition of winning!!!
My sleep hasn't exactly been good the past few days.
What's bugging me?....
need a topic
For your Wats are in full view if the Lord and he examines all your paths.
Prov 5:21
I'm bipolar, so when I get into a funk, it can be seriously long, then go on a jag and write 10 blogs in 2 days
Is your family OK with you weight?Do people accept you for who you are?
Your friends make fun of you every now and then??
I'm with the Lakers when we get our ass kicked and when we are showing off our banners...
Day 1 Laker fan
Watching MacGruber for the tenth time in the last three days, third time in 24 hours.
We're cool
lol what r some funny sayings REPLY i cant wait too see wht u guyz will put amuse mee lol
Lol why thank you : You're pretty funny yourself...your witty tweets always make me laugh!
Exhaustion sucks.
I need about 15 of your holiday roasts to get me through the year.
Please sell them year round.
Or send me 15.
Thanks :.
lol, expect i don't swim lol
Heading to DC today for a couple of days of work, smart conversation, excellent food, and urban walking.
:
Being in Love is a great feeling
Todays an exciting day!
Putting it in God's hands!
:
Excited for our Kikeh Mato gig tonight at 10pm, free Afropop!
Let's pack this dance floor Madison!
RT HUGE ANOUNEMENT NOW WORKS 4 A MAJOR BOOKING AGENCY BASED IN LA, N NYC I'M LOOKING TO WORK WITH SERIOUS PROMOTERS / INVESTERS
I'm writing a horror screenplay about a group of teenagers who get stuck in a cabin in the woods.
Who wants in on this original project?
What's wrong is letting Koreans continue to monopolize who can sell human hair off the heads of our India sisters.
I wish Oprah would help!
I say medium or large and put the onus on the barista to give me a dirty look.
hey handsome how r u?
Just finished a nice work out ....
Feeling super pumped now off to get my princess ready for school !!
idk what you're talking about sir :
I am the tallest guy at this happy hour...
and I'm not tall.
A student just asked me to write him a recommendation letter.
I LOVE THIS JOB!
RT : Look clearly  yr lifecommit 2 letting go of whatever is holding U back including toxic habits, emotions  relationships.
is on SiriusXM Channel 106 RIGHT NOW!
Hey come check us out at the alley tomorrow night with doctormarama.
That's right, doctormarama.
ha.
ha.
so cute  so true.
I'm getting doctornk today cuz it's CincoDeMayo...
ah who am I kidding, I'm getting hammered cuz it's Saturday.
I love you!
thank you.
I'm glad that after a year, u are still following my work.
sincerely heart felt.
Where's my iPod at?
: not again..
And I don't mean that pejoratively at all.
It's part of why this is the best IronMan movie we have.
You've been too busy for COSTCO?!
Ok, now I'm worried...
since day one I've been up and down
I have Arming on DVD...
Did Rick Santorum just compare himself to George Washington in a debate ad???
LMFAO!!!
Welcome back, sir.
We've missed you!
if we were all pokemon then i would be a charmander, because i have the hots for you
your welcome..i'm here if you need any help or more support.
:
07/22/2011  Community Growth Committee Speaker: Terry Wheeler, CEO Cypress Fairbanks Medical Center Hospital
MiddleFingerUp to my haters.
lmao don't look at my professorle to make fun of me!
All I need to get my followers up is 2 things: some tattoos  doctorads.
alas, msg says you are not following
Learning about Open Source IT Management Tools, Notes will be in wiki Thnx Jon
you're welcome!
:
The Salvation Army will not accept Harry Potter toys because they are wicked, but they WILL accept knives and toy guns for 7 year olds.
Wha?
Accepted.
Now to make it thru inspections.
Change Reach cultural elite, minorities and youth; share God's forgiveness, hope, source of value.
Kay Coles James
Now that's how u get it done
If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your doctorams
ok i will try to text you from my ipad.
Dm the number again.
When the inside of the body, the outside of the body  the environment are in balance, r pets r well in their worlds.
www.wholepetdiet.com
Laying in bed reading trending topics instead of a book
3WordsForYou I have food.
Look forward to the port,  single varietal Touriga would be awesome!
Devin's new job title at the Bistro: Bouncer
Rosenthal worked at the Associated Press, where he served as Moscow bureau chief
what is sneaky?
that they track who is following you back?
Both weekends :
is ready for his last week of classes.
Then back to a normal schedule.
hey if it makes you feel better i believe she called me insane
Maddy, what am i doing with my life.
omg.
Im getting a new phone!
With pcbw in the rear view, Savor 2012 is now the focus  40 days away
Adele makes me feel free and I just start dancing!
Had a good mothers day 3 Applebee's was delicious!
:
Hey Jenna, love your professorle pic!
with this mornings purchase, I now have tix to see the RHCP, Aziz Ansari, and Fun.
all within a week of one another in June.
Should be good.
Each one has to find his peace from within.
And peace to be real must be unaffected by outside circumstances.
G
IM ALREADY LOSING IT!!!!
JXOSNDIDBOXBDLAJXISD
no sir, twasnt I.
you made the right decision young grasshopper
YES!
Man, was that huge.
It's time to party it up again!!
We kick things off at 9pm with San Jose's one and only DJ Nelly.
With each word your tenderness grows, tearing my fear apart.
And that laugh that wrinkles your nose, it touches my foolish heart.
that was the best season finalie i have ever seen.
but the only negative in that episode was looking  's boobs.
Vlad, U know I feel about Lock, the same way U feel/felt about Doyle's Room!
Haha!
RT : makesure 2 butter the bacon and bacon the sausage RT : Oh yeah.
bacon and assorted meats
Im a poopie with We're named that by Allie : HateLies3Trust
9/11 Ten Year Anniversary Samples and doctorps up now!
Thanks for the follow Michelle.
Just checked your YouTube reel  love your announcing skills.
Awesome!
doctormmer Charlie Z
Thanks for following us!
MYSPACECOM/OGBIGGTRAI187 THATS WERE YOU CAN PEEP IT IT GOT A LI'HOME VIDEO TO IT.
the Surly IT Guy trope got old, like, yesterday.

friends' blogs
Guranteed to get her WET!!!!
There are folks on YouTube who swear it works.
I'm not convinced.
I need a wee but I don't want to leave the computer, expect radio silence from now on while I concentratte on tickets
: GM mister C!
U my friend is oh so AWESOME: Peace 
Better to look at yourself and other people as you and they could be rather than as they are.
Become the product of your vision!
session in 2 hours
You've decided not to chill tonight huh?
Resonance arrives June 19 from Wadjet Eye Games
: Im there man.
Just lemme know where.b
Aw, Florence is stunning.
Been many times.
And you can doctorve to Siena which is gorgeous!
Very excited for u :
it's already gotten!
My homegirl!
I am from Santa Cruz.
DIEGO!!!!
How are you?
Tavares pokes one in from the slot and quickly the Isles are within a goal.
Flyers 3, Isles 2 with 5:55 left
I love even though she never texts me !
Fuck you facebook 
Good luck with WIdoctorWeek!
Hope it is a successful campaign.
Time to support WMU's studentrun radio station, adopt a DJ!
My cell phone is named Erin Kane.
Of course.
Oo shit!
Here we go again!
reality is a lie.
WVLeg redistricting maps look like an economic stimulus package if you are a political consultant in
What's the appropriate time and place to tell somebody that their sex is so stupid and gross that it hurts your feelings?
Busy holiday meets busy week.
Hello Monday, I'll see you at work.
Hope everything goes well for and Nova today.
I have to keep reminding myself to let it go.
Why do a lot of women consider plastic surgery before working out or hiring a personal trainer?
I hate to say this but I Know gay people and I support Civil Liberties and Right 4 Gay People but I DO NOT Support Gay Marriages
What happened to the Lawrenceville Zipcars, they seem to have disappeared without a trace
finalized my custom domain name for my eportfolio.
thanks to  for reliable service  clear directions!
Irony is: digital humanists having Powerpoint difficulties
Standing outside the fire
Prez Obama Should also think about Not only Jobs to the Infrastucture But also Other Jobs Like Customer Service, Etc which is Gone to India
I hear you about car dealers.
I never hold grudges, i always give somebody a second or third chance, not because i forgive them but because id like a second chance too.
I only have to read until 2 to finish 24 hours reading since yesterday.
Plus, I don't work Monday.
Won't push it, though.
Broadway Barwed.
Its going down .
8800Broadway Vj Mystik playin the best music and peter blu hostin.
Always crazy packed lets party rock ...
: OHMYGOD I AM SO HAPPY: The Skeetones are playing a Ghostbuster's theme song cover.
Best night ever!
TheHeightsFest
Great, looking forward to it.
All plays documented on Facebook ALWAYS  We have not lost once in our last 1011 plays.
One play pending this afternoon,then onto SNF!
would love to have lunch and talk and with you
so vinny doesnt talk to all the iconic boyz??
no doubt, a five car pileup would have been less damaging...
tonights the last night in the ole apartment...moving day tomorrow
The Guto remembers when Joe Wiz used to be hardcore.
CC:
4:30 AM at the gym?
Sir, I stand in awe of you.
I did.
Hope yours was good too.
Thanks for following back.
:
go on!!
never give up!!
Came into the office this morning to find a voicemail, left late at night, pitching four books of poetry and a screenplay.
Sigh.
Are you a fan of Aaron Horkey's artwork, designed some of the most insane decks ever!
Dastardly!
Site down the day I pay off my balance!
I wanted to login and see those zeroes!
it looks so good!!!
Love it :
whole site loading slowly, cant add a link to my status, images not showing up...
day 2
I miss you.
My doctorAM Act would say every homeless kid goes to school!
Headed to San Dieguito UHSD College Night?
Want to talk journalism, PR, advertising, mediastudies?
will be there.
Come by!
Sounds great!
Great shoot at the wellness center this morning.
Pool class, aerobics, spinning class and weight training.
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D
I am loving Clash of Kings.
Thanks for the delivery!
sweet doctorams
I love you Sean Sullivan!!
It takes 26 hours for the average person to report a lost wallet.
It takes 68 minutes for them to report a lost phone.
Santorum's gonna take away our porn but not our right to curse out reporters.Good thing,because with no porn there'll be a lot of cursing.
Whispers baby listen..
I'm so excited for glee tonight its been so long since i last seen it
RT: Retweet If you are blessed in life
okay, followed you!
Follow back?:
Well we got our NT,very highly rated pick on the board 77.0 pick,nice job Black and Gold
Choose the right location and neighborhood for your restaurant business.
you improve more and more with every video :
That should do it!
I took issue w/ another part of that original comment.
My response is up.
We need more feasting!
I'll be your best frieeeeeend!
Start thinking of healthier choices instead of settling for the fast and convenient food options..
A disciplined approach to problem solving moves a team from wishful thinking to new knowledge, specific countermeasures,  permanent results
Need a count for breakfast.
How many tpedge members coming out?
Tweet back plz
Do you believe in magic?
Vinyl Hours Radio on now !
:
The shit in toilets of porter potties must come w/the toilet.
You don't see shit like that anywhere else!
Testing intelhybridcloud today.
Got firewall working protecting 2 x Win2008 servers, numerous Win7, etc.
This classroom im in for first aid smells like straight chlorine..
Thanks to all who came last night to our show and helped bid farewell from the team!
So excited for your new role on iCarly!
Yo bitch we from the sitty that rock bright orange suits and steal toe boots
Does he really message me more than you, that's bad......
Had a great glutenfree lunch this weekthanks to and Bistango in NYC.
First time I tried and I would recommend!
Best day of my life YEE, thank you 3 you really don't know how amazing you are: 3
no, I'm in the classroom :D
Me  lmmfao !
Where is Ashton when you need him!
Sure is!
RT: Ding ding, there goes the trolley  such an awesome asset for our tourists to use to get around town!
Hanging out celebrating with Abqheadinghome.
An amazing project!
...back to work and ready for lunch.
Fuse Balance Plate with grilled sirloin please..oh and lot's of salad on the side!
Working tonight over at the Salvation Army, working with kids in the brass classes!
Sat., got a gig with Third Stream Giants!
:
A BFRandomFactoid  today in 1918 for the first time in the U.S., Daylight Saving Time went into effect.
Former presidential hopeful John Edwards faces trial Pakistan bombing kills at the latest on the link
shut the front door!
i didn't know u were on twitter!
u could help me.
i still dont know what i'm doing here.
Reliant k is amazing
laron Landoctor just another dumbass signing by the jets
Kentucky looks NBA ready
A quick exercise break lead by during the physicalactivity session!
Everyone's wide awake now!
Our research indicates that social support networks will play a significant positive role in the outcome of S:SS EP.
When I was a kid, I never got to goto work w/ my dad.
Thank God!
He cleaned PortOJohns.
HowToPissAFemaleOff speak to other females while your with her !
Where is your favorite place to run in Vancouver?
Especially on a sunny day like today?
Let's start with mobile UI standards.
Apple's HIGs provide an solid basis for designing apps.
Andoctorid has very few guidelines.
You're gonna practice your athome burlesque steez!
Back in the US This is one long flight home
Great day Ravens and Terp wins
I burnt my whole entire face off!
Pauly d problems
Oh!I guessed but I thought maybe it meant you couldn't
Gonna race the coaches today :D
Ive talked to Liam before
More than halfway through April and only 6 likes before 500!
Don't forget  if we reach 500 in April someone will win a great prize!
3
I HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE Microsoft Word.
Least intuitive logical program EVER.
: and I got my mardi gra mask on already poo KNOWME that's what's up!!!!!!
go 4 it!
I stole it off someone else!
Let's keep the thievery going :D
Wishing all a day of gratitude!!!
Hey guys just updated my FB and IMDB pages with new episodes of my webseries and my reel!!...check it out and tell your friends
Big week at Chicago United Center this week.
Wednesday Bulls game, then UFC on Fox Weighins and Fights Friday and Saturday!!
I won't give up on us even if the skies get rough 3
ChrisDavis stopping by BaltimoreSun tonight to help produce photo gallery on today's game.
Thanks!
this is true.
Good luck.
CO will miss ya!
I'm doing real good
Tom Nelson: Global warming hoax promoter Somerville on those ...
lol I will be!
I miss convos with you guys!
If the Broncos make the playoffs, Fox will be coach of the year and Tebow will be a probowler !Take that mister Elway...
Bout Was too hungry and sleepy to care.
lol.
Hope to see the MaherManiacs out in force again tomorrow for our game against Centre.
tip at 1pm, we tip at 3pm.
is really rocking it!
and i go to tell him, and he's flipping out about us being careless...
Making Macadabre take a cold bath with ice to solve his burnt penis problem  I'm a great friend!
Where's the peace and quite when your trying to sleep?
Great movie...
Highly informative region C meeting at WE11.
Great to see old SWE friends and make new ones
It's on like Donkey Kong.
Groundhog Day here at the Shultz Compound!
They're gunna make this series closer than ppl think
I am shocked you don't already.
But welcome to the rest of your LIFE.
:
Why isn't cupcake delivery a thing?
I just want my doctorams to come true..
does that mean going through someone elses doctorma?
Working two jobs?
Flailing around so I don't doctorwn?..
OMG BRO.
i went to vaughn today..
omgg.
leviathan almost made me cry.
LOL THEY WERE TESTING THE RIDES :
But yeah, anyways..
how is everyone?
glad to hear the recording is going great, it's time to put Nashville on your Radar soon,,don't you think?
Baltimore Grand Prix
Thanks for sharing!
please.
please.
please.
I hope I won
I miss my Marvel cards!
If you were little and remember those awesome holographic rare marvel cards , you're cool!
Remind me to never go to a NRA convention in life.
75 of web referrals come from Facebook 
Topic for today's lecture: The Supply Side: Theoretical Considerations.
And no, , in MGH.
: Farting in my mom's face while she's sleeping so she gets pink eye YOLO did that once
You'll love it!!
Just make sure that you stay until all the credits finish.
There's some extra goodies at the end ;
Had a great time at hackto this weekend.
I was really impressed with so many creative apps and so many people learning the freebase API.
and was looking for a laptop that I can rent
please 1DMix933 please please :
Lamborn probably should have announced the congressional mtg via his twitter account
FSU can't afford to buy their way out of the ACC.
should REALLY follow for his birthday!!!!
:
not to think too hard.
yeah, ask him what kind of shot he wants next time he's in Missoula;?
Nah...love the new stuff GD!
One more cup of coffee.
My body does not function without 2 or 3 cups in the morning.
I wish I didn't have plans on Saturday so I could come out you killed it at Tryst!
Yes thank you.
How have you been?
Combine work and personal.
No walls.
It's all the same!
Really, I want to know: is paying these people?
A thrilling win by in overtime thanks to .What an exciting game.
Clips now up 31 in the series.
Chinese manufacturing declining.
Business activity eurozone falls.
Concerns: French elections  Dutch political instability hit EU shares.
Excited to get outta the house tomorrow!
Been homebound since Sunday.
Blaah, I have never been so bored in my entire life..
bye:
I might consider it if it weren't so pricey ;
the mariners fans were so wasted they helped him catch the last out
yea it is i jus saw it i was parked by it
I start my morning off wit 2 sausage McGriddles and a hot Carmel Mocha
Hakeem Nicks!!!!
Most clutch post season pass in recent memory.
Absolutely outstanding!
Nicks/Manning have the
What time is the event wit
bc i can tell on how you reversed the thing lol.
Thanks guys for all the recent Twitter love!
IL Access to Recovery grant pays a huge amount for screen/refer; huge amount for unlicensed recovery support;  maybe 25 for treatment.
time to take the snuggie into the office and take a nap
Call Me Maybe that super catchy song.
sing it to him : he hates it.
lol
Anecdotes regarding 60s classic rockers have never been too exciting.
C'mon, singer songwriters!
Get rid of FLASH and convert to Mobile Compatible Format with iNETdx.
PickUpLine: Does God know you've escaped from Heaven?
Come with me to my place.
You can stay there until he calls looking for you.
so grateful to you  Gretchen for yr support  solidarity!
Great to see you tonight at keldaparty
My last letter was a U lol.
A poop to remember..
Sorry for the spammy RT tweet.
The guy tried to hijack this acct.
carryon :
la vie en rose...
:c Y u no hold me all night long?..
Glad all these 3yr olds got jerseys they can wear in 15yrs lol
2013 AllStar game will be held in Houston!
no shes a bitch
Wow, now Wolf is going to let everyone talk about why their wife would make the best First Lady.
I just saved a woman from being backed over by a semi truck!
I literally had to run into the street and push her out of the way!
Nothing is impassible, Nothing is impassible, Nothing is impassible, To YOU!
Crushed a lamb shank at Legume and finishing off the night by sharing a mean old Tom with great evening.
So am I!
What are the odds!?
Feel a little low today.
Need someone to try and make me smile and succeed!
Even if your blog is fairly new you can have your posts featured on the Technorati tag pages by tagging your posts with relevant tags
i just saw ur live chat!!!!
i have a suggestion for what song you should sing: can you sing move like jagger
Awesome!
We would love to see them!
Check out www.blockstarsonline.com!
Slaughter of Europe's indigenous tribeswho did it?
Why?
EMILY'S FILES  I AM EMBLA mystery suspense action wrappedup in a
Hey even though I want to unlock a Geth for MP, I'm doing turnMEoff to show that I want a good conclusion to the story!
I KNOW.
You admit you like my cockies...
MT Pettigrew : most important reader expectation is quantity  how much we get, how to get more.
toccon //  who's in charge
SO much for tightly officiating these games....
starting my job in two days...eek!
that my friend is the street I live on!
If your gonna be something, don't be a dick rider ..
The customer service folks absolutely nail it every single time I've ever called.
Odd travel, linked rez, whatever.
Thanks!
Hey chick
It's hard to be an angel when you're surrounded by demons..
I am shuting the door for all bullshit and doctorma..I am to grown for the bullshit..
I'm currently working on a new single, hope to be finished soon!!!
Little bit.
Didn't even cross my mind but nobody complaining on Twitter.
Differences in expectations?
damn lawrissa u going at everyone
What team do you think has a must win game this week in the NFL?
so excited for the iPhone5 to come out so everyone can shut the hell up already.
i want to read about something else
if it says verified then yes
wwell ya should be :
JohnMayer's new album release in tminus one week and counting.
Listening to the full stream now.
First day at my desk to do just do general work in ages.
Lots to catch up on.
Trying to vote is like running a gauntlet!
Back off people.
SO TIRED.
Fucking on my mind
if you were pooping Rainbows I'd call you a Unicorn
Crazy right :
Bashing the heat over a lost wont help the Lakers or another team in the NBA....
After a weekend of nonstop campaigning, I'm looking forward to the Mercer County JeffersonJackson Dinner tonight.
I suck big dicks!!
Mad Men: Adulthood Looms quot;At the Codfish Ballquot;  Huffington Post
LOL Remember the guy you used to mess with?!
You didnt put his name so you got like 3 or 4 Spiders tattooed on your stomach?
Hiker says he warned officials about cows in cabin near Aspen before they froze
any ideas what to trend about Austin?:
Great quote from tonight  I'm Jesus first, Baptist second!
God the saints are cocky at home.
Can't wait for everyone to annoint them even higher this week only to lose at tenn next week.
Sounds like the makings of another HMM...
There's some major political news brewing!
More information coming up on at Noon!
so how old are you
TALKING ON THE PHONE!!
WITH
Also makes one a much better cook.
I wish I could figure out what freaking program is posting to my twitter account, I have never posted get rich quick schemes...hmm
Good luck TJ!
RT God, I hope the Tebow game is this exciting!
hey Crimson Tide, ya hit your Stride tonight  congrats 2011 BCS National Champions
i did not.
I had you but u changed ur username.
Lol ill put u when i hop in my computa babe
Swag, Swag, Swag on you.
bye Grace!
:
Google doctorve storage is 1/4th the price of doctorpbox ?
you have 24 hours to match their pricing...
go!
I'm now tweeting as
Tipsy :s, tonight went in too bad my mom is sick :.
Best of luck to everyone participating in a Winter Study Abroad program!
Be safe and have a great time.
i just yawned at ur pussy that means im bored....NEXT!!!
I got u...
U got that exotic look.
Do a spread in a jungle somewhere..
Sorry my imagination is taking hold now...HAHA
loll my mom is doing the most.
Chip Chantry's OneMan Show is at 8:30pm on The Adoctorenne Theatre Main Stage, 2030 Sansom St.
Be there, get cool swag!
IT IS RAINING OUTSIDE?.
I BELIEVE SO.
GOOD CAUSE I DONT WANNA PUT ON REAL SHOES.
LOO
I want to watch that!
RT Can't wait for that new Fox show So You Think You Can Swim.
lol yay!!
i got a 92 percent in my history quiz
Business should come before doctorgs and partying.
Period.
Agreed as an expert.
Stop the head shots and make players wrap on tackles and watch head injuries decrease 3 fold
Do all the cool campaigns you want, but if you lose my luggage it's a waste
Supply lines in war are now IN the fight; convoys attacked by IUDs and life changing injuiries
I can't wait to get some left over turkey and take a huge thanksgiving shit.
Get a life
Kids need to play outside.
Nobody can bring you down, unless you let them.
Thank you to all that came out last night and rocked out with us at The Rutledge.
Hope to see you again in February!!!
Come visit, we'll doctornk cheap wine and make mean comments about people's ugly pants in Soho.
Let Me Take These Daisy Dukes Off LOL
Played 240 HORSE at the Venitian.
Was slight chipleader at 24 left.
Then ran awful to finish 12th.
Cash for 654 up 414 but ugh..
Tune in to ShopTalk with  : shoptalkshow.com/live/
I'm on here, and it all makes me nervous...breathe, Bruce, breathe...
Weathers clearing up!
Rally rally rally
Bleach is in....in bout an hr pink will go in....cnt wait to see the results
If she's younger than mindless behavior shes too young for you bro
What's up world?
visit our webstore and be one to get one of our last 8 pairs!!
welcome spring back in style with guie
The Walking Dead is so epic...
this episode is wow.
3
AGREED!!!
RT: : If this St.
Johns/Vill goes into another OT I'm going to fight someone!
Thanks to all the food dudes and dudettes that came out Friday and Saturday If you about, come on out, we've surprises fer ya!
Donald Duck Dunn....RIP
yes!
I'm guessing you have a lot of people to visit
FYI, you missed the .
At the front.
That was sent to her.
Thanks for the follow; look forward to learning with you here on Twitter!
Evan Turner was named an Associated Press honorable mention AllAmerica selection
Fun!
: If you haven't yet, be sure to do a Google search and type in: let it snow
HAPPYBIRTHDAYBREEZY WE love YOU!!
My college boyfriend would get so stressed, his hair would start falling out.
I'm getting there.
but SWTOR is not in mac yet.
please follow me you crack me up!!
Got my passport now it's time for some stamps!
Coming home to a dark house is like playing Alan Wake...
Due to power issues after tornado in Prowers Co no school for Lamar School District.
Im gonna be home al summer so i can bother you as much as i want lol RT Lmfao my cousins 
A seriously fortuitous and rewarding collaboration.
He'll have to offer something in the 58 mil a year range at least RT BrockandSalk: Wonder what Phil Knight will offer Kelly to stay...
Congrats on the new gig!
Highschool lacrosse: Bumps, bruises are a way of life for goalies  Columbus Dispatch
Jamie Moyer's first televised postgame interviews weren't talkies ...
subtitles only.
I just want to make everyone happy and it stresses me out!
You'll be in my suicide note.
Xo
Way to screw this one up, Ohio.
no that's you
I feel uncomfortable with following me.
It's a great tool, thanks for sharing!
Its been over a year i started in head over heels but he messed up then i stepped back nd he stepped up!!
This year we is just lovin!!
Just finished Christopher Morley's Haunted Bookshopglad to know HRC has his copy of Carlyle's Cromwell, but a bit nervous to open it...
MyPastRelationships are the reason why I've been single for awhile lol
My bro Kevin is at UHS  FCAT assembly 3rd  4th period, ready for a awesome blessed day!
I don't think Lucy likes Haydn.
She's quite startled by the percussion section.
CDC now explaining where parents get vaccine information
Agreed.
Disorganized dump.
RT : As much as i LOVE Miami, I strongly dislike the Miami Airport :/ gahhhhhh
Witnessed two participants doing a fist bump during a VTC this morning.
Funny.
Yeah...me too.
Somebody should alert him that his twitter account has hacked!
Downloading the icecreamsandwich andoctorid update for my htc sensation.
Preparing to be disappointed
some people think their poop doesn't stink, but it stinks
I know this is super random lmao but you have a celeb look a like!
Google Louis Tomlinson.
Legit and creepy o.O
is your GF done with her undergrad?
taken the MCATs already?
Please make sure that you honor our Hereos this Memorial Day Weekend.
Time off is for respect for those who gave the ultimate sacrifice
I got the first two, what's the last one?
You two were
You too!
: xoxo
Well, I think I will!
:
I need a garden expert on Twitter.
Someone I can send my constant questions to.
And then they can answer.
isthereahashtagforthis?
Completely agree.
Treatment MICROCURRENT doctorins lymph and increases blood circulation and decreases puffiness.
Also stimulates your ATP healing energy.
75
I wanna watch star wars.
I've never seen it :
Been living on Panera the past few days.
Luckily they make some good ass sandwiches.
OakleyFrugal Fashion: Emma Watson39;s pool party style at Coachella ...
...looks like it was written by someone who cares.
Just finished an amazing lunch at Doc's Barbecue in Columbia, South Carolina.
God gave you a gift of 86,400 seconds today.
Have you used one to say thank you?
still awaiting your first tweet dude.
lol I'm bird watching
Performing improv  Ladies Night: Comedy for a Cure!
I meant minutes.
Winkler's getting in a lot of entertainment lately...
I saw him at Best Man last month.
About to do some shopping.
Heading to the beach Saturday.
3
thats really nice of you Singleton.
Bullies suck  remember what goes around comes around Niki, stay strong.
can't wait till summer.!
Grand opening ceremony held for Swiss International Hotel Xiamen  What's on Xiamen
Chronicle was lame, now checking out Devil Inside Me.
Also Blake Griffen is an overrated punk.
I hope the Spurs sweep the clips.
Is this the first episode of Martin..?
I still need to do my science .
Booze is the greatest of all equalizers.
Rich doctornks and poor doctornks both pass out the same way.
There is always a consequence
Still doing nothing.
My family are all lying down  I'm just talking to you.
NoShame though.
: x
RT : This is the fun part of NFL meetings  there's nobody to talk to and media starts interviewing each other.
Shoot me now
distance yourself from the current field of GOP candidates running for pres.
Congrats on signing w SD
Key takeaway from API panel: NPR eats its own dog food...
Need more tank tops.
Lol, I saw that man!
I am working all afternoon into the evening so none of that for me, but something I'll dabble in next time
Oh no!
That's sad.
I don't have that issue because my height comes from my legs.
I have a shorter torso.
...
And just because you got over me..
Doesn't mean I am going to do the same../3
It is what it is and that's how it's gonna be.
Glee will be doing Beyonce's Girls Rule The World tonight.
is the cutest guy ever!
I wish he would follow me.
THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY!
...It's just one click!!:Dplease!
38
When my bestfriendd sees a cute guy and she says mayne hol' up!
Ratchet ass bitch!
x
: Make Me Famous NEW VNECK SHIRT merch.
YES or NO?
: FUCK YES V's ARE THE GREATEST ATTIRE EVER.
great show.
Space shuttle Columbia episode is one of my favs.
Been up since 6 handling some eat koast business
Had a delicious Bahama Mama smoothie today next to JeldWenField.
Highly recommend.
A great hang out space as well
Our desires have been steamengined since the dawn of the Industrial Age.
I haven't been to sleep yet!
x
thanks for the help today.
There is scotch.
So it's still a successful evening.
But I need tacos and matches
after 6 years I hope ya do haha.
holy fuck i have known you for 6 years...wtf
im team minaj all the way i luv her..!
Like the rest of us, Romney made 42.6 million while he was unemployed.
Definitely let me know when you're in the area!
Fantastic.
Love to hear those stories.
Good luck.
Let us know what we can improve.
Ugh i want my arms around him now!
If I survive this monster proposal, it will be a miracle.
should I get in there with you or....
NAS for real though
Happy Sunday!
:
Ive just started using tweetdeck, what an awesome tool!
Matt from NYC.
Hope everyone is having a solid day.
Ha!
Oh well, Matt, I don't have that much estrogen anyway!
This is not too pretty...
is this a real goodnight?
The Princeton Association of New York City is looking for a Joomla developer to help upgrade website.
Contact hjparralumni.princeton.edu
Hoping to, just have to confirm w/ work.
Would be great to finally meet in person.
I'll let you know as soon as I register :
right back at ya ;
MAN 2 DAYS TILL MY NIGGA GET OUT EVERYBODY POST MY BOY SUM LUV ON JAN 12th
I do or rep that P.H.A.N crew for the 6k tweet
white people magic
If you give in...
What does that make you?
Never Give In.
Busy, busy, busy and ready for the weekend!
What are you doing this weekend?
I love the MonthOfMay cause alot of shit happens in that month.
I just deleted approx.
1,800 unread messages from my inbox.
It's been a long time coming.
glad your back, might want to find a restroom!
Very cool night in my hometown of Chapel Hill.
Obama, Jimmy Fallon and now Dave Matthews.
Lucky UNC students!
Enjoy
are u excited for younow?
I'M SO EXCITED 3
The Microsoft cowboy hat survived the trip back, and now I think I need some salads.
Thanks to Austin for a great week.
Someone had asked earlier for good Derby Day pick / info follows.
Here's a few: / / /
The Avengers once again, that's right I'm watching it again.....cause afford to ya bum.....lmao
ok will do.
I've missed having him recently.
he catches on quick and has a nack for it.
Show went well.
I sold a few things.
Learned some helpful things to do in the next show!
:
Thank you!
:
Some people where just born to be high
better prices?
.
force of habit?
insanity?
: re Panel presentat'ns: what need r we trying to fulfill w/ confs  panels?
imagine Louis in a boxer laying on top of you kissing your lips and he starts kissing your neck and then down down and down
Cons who commit their first SEX offenses in prison tend to become regular sex offenders after release.
Demand action!
Where's the link to your book?
Pls follow me so I can connect with you all and get to know you better through Twitter!
Thanks!
Cute is what we aim for, lmao i remember when i saw joseph with one of their shirts on xD
Glad my dad's procedure went so well yesterday.

That's a CUTE dog!
hope u had fun in NYC 33 love u and can't wait to see u again.
Soon ;
We're gonna start taking preorders soon!
XD
hahaha my pleasure 
I have to go on tumblr to find pictures of Justins Viddy video.
Its time to change my icon and background.
So at the end of the day life lesson learned NEVER go to sleep angry stay up and plot your REVENGE.
Thanks for playing Ruby Soho, it was just what I needed to get the day going
Bingo prizes  Sundays finale: Up to 25 in gift cards, MM prize packs, Baskin Robbins, Wendys Frosty, more chances to win  more!
...taking off my coat, clearing my throat.
Beautiful people are not always good but good people are always beautiful.
I can confirm that one!
Also thanks for thinking of your old pal for a ride :
This woman has a linebacker neck.
It is unattractive.
OMG THEY ARE SO MEAN TO LOKI.
Is a wooden board with 10 rusty nails poking out of it recyclable?
My girlfriend thinks so!
We are too!
Master chef in the building 
Us too!
RT : NFTE Chicago is excited to partner with to develop a pilot financial literacy program for CPS Schools!
Food!
Food!
Food!
Chefs!
Chefs!
Chefs!
Yay :D
I'm slowly getting more and more attracted to girls who play bass.
How does one lose a shoe downtown?
So many kids on the NJT ACRL Train to I feel so old walking forward to a quieter car!
awesome feedback!
Thanks so much!!
Do you have a dental question you'd like us to answer?
Email us today at and we'll answer you in our blog!
SILVERLAKE Farmer's Market HERE WE COME!!!
SAT.
Morning 10am2pm
I'm really sorry about your mother 
Excited to learn from the best at today's PRSocial Media Summit
house music pumping, people doctornking beers on rooftops, must be Spring in Brooklyn...
Moment you share empowers the moment of learning and engagement.
Great discussion at Bridging the Divide.
But real talk though, if you come at me when it's rainy and shit out I'm liable to bite your head off.
There are only two more days left in our 54th annual sale!
Hurry in to get some great deals!
I know you do child
okay lena dunham's boobs.
okay then.
okay.
damn!
Oh well.
That's freakin' awesome that you're going to be working on it though!
I I I I I DNT WANNA HAV TO PUSH YO TOP BAKKK..
Love what you haveForget about what youve lostDont hope for what you cant have and look forward to whatever is coming to you o
Without music...
I would be died...
XD
this made me laugh so hard 3
MAKING A WISH.
wonderful!
congratulations, miriam!
True.
But grandparents are the only people I've met who only think of PJ/Nirvana re: Seattle.
2 more bands than most cities
I wish that I can high FIVE you right now for that!
LOL :D
don't they charge to send the cards though??
WAY TO GO TCU Horned Frogs!
'The OSU must play the Little Sisters of the Blind instead of the Sisters of the Poor?
Huh mister Gee?
LOVING IT!
879 Big Daddy Ritter regains the Calgary Stampede version of the North American title by beating Jake Roberts
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 43
coded conversations with disclosure get old
Sadly I've been classically conditioned to associate the smell of RedBull with the urge to consume C2H5OH
That was on Friday night.
Unless I'm getting this tweet late...
Fear.
So Far Gone.
bre y kenny lienn he said he wouldnt go out with u cause u like way too many boys he told me n tj that ..since dat nigga tlkin.
I Love It
Thanks for the S/O.
A lot of cool stuff in the RAVN pipeline...
more cities  announcements soon.
Just found out having a Va Jay Jay costs 2,500 a year in maintenance.
That's more than it costs to service my Subaru.
Safe in Maui...
Onto LA!
I have a serious crush on !
Is it wrong to date ur boss?
If it is I quit !!
Oh i actually had a brilliant idea and read the measurements.
Duh!
Just ordered..can't wait.
thx.
Hates it when I wake up for work...
And its my day off...
Ya hear me!!
: its all good though I do love my job
Thanks  for featuring us as Band of the Day RT !!
We appreciate everything you do !!
Q: What's the best Minus The Bear album?
A few new things in the mix!
Just about ready to announce February's special guest at Red Kiva!
Stay tuned party people!
So happy I fell asleep early last night,now my day isn't ruined
I'm sorry.
Lol
My dorm bathroom is a straightup battle scene .no hygiene
Last night...
no.
Just no.
Thank you very much for following our Twitter account!
Been there, done that, can't afford the Tshirt...
Congratulations!!!!
I wish you a lifetime of happiness and love with your best friend!
That's true, Sarah, if it requires so much concentration that I KNOW I'm watching a show, that's a bummer.
come here this weekend or the weekend of June 1.
Can't wait to see Gene Lamont wave in some Tigers runs at the K
a bowl of Lucky charms  a banana for breakfast...Goodmorning tweeps!!
looking for a car, lol.
youu?
My phones about to die : 9 left.
Your the man, Chris.
Watching the recorded 1st hour of your Up show.
Your the best new thing in the world today!
Cousins medical school graduation !
I just need to bitch occasionally to keep my sanity.
Still in good spirits and looking forward to the Tigers game tonight
So I wake up to see was tweeting me and last night!
Why did I have to go to sleep..?!
Visiting tonight!
Chase bank is robbing us blind, wake up america!
I feel you 
Party at shannons!
Love the new space!
Very cool.
no i don't want to wait :
Ha, don't I know it.
Hope you and had fun nonetheless!
; Yes, , where you be?
i dont like handjobs bitch i like head
My bubby is leaving for Mexico tomorrow.
I pop in every so often!
Shepp's a free jazz guy who made it through and is still active at 74 yrs old.
Similar to Coltrane
HOT DayS R ThE OneZ I HavE ThE MosT FondesT MemorieS YeT TO DatE
One of the few times I'm actually right on time my partner wants to be odee late smh
A2: Agree with many, PRSA luncheons and activities are the best places to make a personal connection..
I WANT TO THANK EVERYONE THAT HAS WISHED ME A HAPPY BIRTHDAY TODAY!!
IT MEANS A LOT
if you're not pumped for the teamtsp contest then you should be because this is going to be awesome c:
You've really acclimated well to the careless, rude and disgusting culture that is NYC.
Welcome
yea, I thought it was the weirdest thing to say...
How do you network on mobile?
will share what he does.
ok i gotcha :
Oh, I guess readers cannot see page views only you ?
Don't answer that.
I'm kidding.
I'm purposely keeping my exposure low.
Ugh.
People should just accept the fact that the world DOES revolve around me.
10ThingsIWantToHappen I want to meet so so bad.
She has seriously made such an impact on my life.
Great job anchoring today!!
gotta chek out ur site.
pleased to tweet you.
SeacrestWins BranchesMomSmarts : My mom always told me to pack two jackets for red carpets, always wondered why.
Now I know.
It was in reference to that sweet video you guys posted.
At the end of the day, she's still a puppet people.
She can't actually hear.
Looking forward to Soror on Ready for these other folks to sit it on down.
Patrick Stump killed that This Is How We Do It cover
Been throwing up the past 12 hours.
I like your shoes.
Yes thank you very much
3WordsForYou I love you.
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
OW
My phone.
Hi Richard, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand the customer's experience Follow 2 DM?
we miss you here in LV buddy!
Can't sell your house because you don't have equity?
www.littleoldladybuyshouses.com can help.
SORRY FOR PARTY ROCKIN'
Taste  see that the Lord is GOOD!Psalm 34:8 Starve your flesh of its desires and be filled with the goodness  faithfulness of God.
Aw thanks!
: its a really long story why but all you can do is pray plz!
Who do you think had the best performance of the night?
Are you attracted to those who are great, and want you to know it?
thank you pretty girl!
Love YOU!
Musicians: You should probably worry LESS about how many Facebook 'Likes' you have,  MORE about who 'Likes' the music you've made.
Betty, really?
Why are you doing this?
My fantasycrush Madison Bumgarner pitches tonight.
Thank god for the MLB TV package...
the things I miss when I can't overlay the radio feed.
sadface
...
planning a series of meetings at ALA on Tuesday about development of a data dashboard ...
Trying to convince my husband that, on account of daylight savings, I really need to go to bed now.
7 pm is the new 8 pm, right?
RT I sometimes feel as though the world is assbackwards.
There's no need to explain it, cuz if u dont get it, you probably a cause of it
Just got voted ''most likely to marry Justin Bieber''.
Hahahahahaha.
The Highly Worrisome U.S.
Unemployment Situation  Seeking Alpha
thank you Joyce!
Imma be who I set out to be, without a doubt, undoubtably,  those who looking down on me, I'm tearin down your balcony.
globalwarming scientist Richard Alley's new PBS specials airing April 22.
it's been submitted for judgement by the board of buffalo
very cool!
Ya I dig LOTR, pretty much interested in most films that are fanboy'ish.
I'm just a lover of films and lots of tv.
Yeah, beat it O!!!
So overrated!
I couldn't contain my excitement this moring!!
:
That's great!
My soul has died!
How is that book Young Adult????
RT : I think I'll attempt a style from this weekend.
So many to chose from just a matter on if I can do them lol
Looks like there's been a bit of inflation since the days of a penny for your thoughts.
Best wishes!
the Bouvier was robbed!!
...and I still feel that I go home to my family, not the other way around, but I do find a strong sense of self...
Hunger Games film comes out today!!!
So stoked!!
oh stop it, you're too kind!
i was serious though, im not a sarcastic fella
Even my birds are singing
strong hold is weakening is on top of their game in fighting these militants.
24 dead over wk.end
Success w/o honor is like an unseasoned dish.
It will satisfy your hunger but it won't taste good!
Ironic JoePa quote
What is the point of a Riot again?
I never could make sense of that!
No twitter for a while.
.
.
sorry can't be there to watch you today.
Been on vacation spending  in San Diego this week
following back manito
: RT : Fourth Brewers bobblehead of 2012 will be given on 7/1 presented by Klement's.
THE ITALIAN RACING SAUSAGE BOBBLE!
She was a fashion icon, w/clients from Paris to Saigon, from her office she viewed the horizon, on her wrist a bracelet of gold diamonds
I just got birthday flash mobbed by my best friends , heather platt and my boyfriend Best gift ever.
Starting a fruit/veggie/water detox for the next 3 days with 
it starts at 2:45 right?
Didn't even hit the club wit and had fun wit her!
Has to be a next time!
of course mawmaw carols Mac and cheese!
If you cant hold a conversation  and be a good listener  then very few will want to network with you.
good news is i have a perfectly seasoned roast in the crock with rutabaga, carrots and onions
no actually when i sent you that email asking you to do that i actually did want you to do that.
Well we got ahead of ourselves!
Tmister is LETS GET PHYSICAL FRIDAY!
wear you 80s Workout attire  get in for FREE!
At Uhaul borrowing a truck to transfer all donated computers to another storage facility.
:
I just wanna be good to you 3
how about next stop, GENDA?
Transfolk need jobs more than they need pot.
I miss u Katie.Heaven will be kind.
No more pain.I hold you tight in my heart.
would you offer your throat to the wolf with the red roses?
we love you all.
we'll be back soon.
stay hungry.
stay foolish.
we BOTH just hashtagged MNF, even though it's Sunday.
Yup, long day.
boyd, met you at an event in DFW with Wes Peterson, I'm writing a book and thought of you, curious, who do you publish with?
you say that everytime and you don't get shit
Sometimes you have to cross the line just to see where it lies.
nevermind..
I understand.
Blame it on my hair color.
thanks!
nothing but nuts!
In my mind sounds like oh...
When I'm gone it feels like oh.....
Only if you're doctornking acai juice!
It too is a Pacman for cancer.
Cancer Pacmen everywhere!
I remember that from The Sandlot!
: RT Heroes get remembered but legends never die 55 FightOnForever
Either you had a very privileged childhood OR you've been dabbling in the world of NipTuck.
Regardless; We Approve
you two are gorgeous
Statistically, your chances of winning the lotto are not measurably improved by buying a lottery ticket.
Henry Clay People, She and Him, Pearl Jam
Does anyone have a bike that they don't want anymore????
I'm in need of one!
Recipe: Authentic Taco Truck Cinco de Mayo Pork Tacos  Washington Times
13 coins!
What a delightful place.
Good old Milwaukee
New location of HM in Cumberland Mall.
Nov.
19.
Stylist Gretta Monahan offers fashion tips.
First 100 in line get 10  100 gift card.
no I live in new York
The Bob Seger concert tonight was so awesome!
another rockin' night!
Thanks so much for following me, Lynn!
I checked out ya video shit was hot
yay I'm excited!
I'll be able to have somewhat of a social life now!
Ah
: any ideas?
RT : Do y'all have a traveling lab program?
How about any resources on Forensic Entomology?
Starting today, ForrestGump quote of the week every week.
Enjoy!
That was gift I have her :
Entraction Latest Online Poker Network to Rebrand: Now Known as IGT Poker Network .
You know that uneasy feeling when you have a lizard lost in your house?
I have it.
Right now.
Its about the process, not the product; attention to the process yields a good product
what happens when you lose trust with an old friend?
it's hard to renew the relationship.
sad.
thanks Bee, very interested in adding to your list of places to consider, amazed Newark isn't on it yet, it's a fab town!
Pretty good, just enjoying my life at the moment :, How's your's going ?
professorssor Scott Warfield from music department addoctorsses LIFE students today on university campus in
Paint a black hole blacker
congrats Matt JamesBeardAward.
Clap clap clap !!!
From the AP: The Department of Defense says a 21yearold Wisconsin soldier has died in Afghanistan.
Spc.
Ben Neal was killed by an IED
Splendid.
Couldn't be better.
How are you?
I got a plan to get us out of here
The secret of life is in art.
Oscar Wilde
What's the difference between a man and E.T.?E.T.
phoned home.
Movies friday alone ''/
Boarding RT: Nashville, it's going to be a good one tonight w/ 30 mins to take the westbound train
wassup!
How u doing.
So happy for u, keep making that  man!!
Lol
I'm chill.
While opening gag gifts at bday party, The Teen: Oh, white out!
She wasn't being sarcastic.
I'm working on being warmer to people.
It's hard.
it's pretty obvious...
Messi can't handle all of Ronaldo's Academy Awards
Hope to see you all on 5/18 in Denver!
thanks buddy, I appreciate that!
HELP PLEASE: What career corner question should we answer in our upcoming newsletter?
Last time it was about salary negotiations.
GOOD LUCK, Emily!!!
You've got this.
:
Aren't me and Christina just too cute.!
Lol
hey dont forget that the jets win vs redskins loss 1934 !!!
I get kind of emotional when I watch :p I've watched every single episode and this is the last one ever
I have so much I want to do today but it's not going to happen if I don't go to sleep soon.
mister came here to kick ass and doctornk ice cold chocolate milk.
And he's all out of ice cold chocolate milk.
yeah im loosin it :
When your enemies are making mistakes, dont interrupt them.
Reading Greenbuild program for fun
It's HOT in here.
Can someone turn on the AC?
Ima do me ..
So dont try to PLAY me !
wow are you serious?
I wear 14's in standard shoes and 19 in MOON BOOTS.
RT I'm taking my talents to South Beach...LOL.
I'm takin mine to Bedford Hts.
Today!!!
your amazing!
it would make my life, not just day, if you replied.
What advice would you give to the PL liars?
A must listen RT We are changing today's show.
The entire hour will be a tribute to
Considering I have school tomorrow, and will be home at around 4 AM, I feel like I'm gonna regret this.
:'D
what u got ps3 or xbox
Hey , what do you think about a Pink for the ladies?
Alright, well I need to go to sleep.
Past midnight.
Goodnight all my lovely followers.
Xx
Thanks for the follow, Panda!
Also seeking ways to convince grad students that DH is something they NEED to pay attention to no matter what their field is.
There you go!
lol!
:
How cool is that?!?!?
okay just want to let you know..I use yolo as a joke, and not an actual excuse...though i should clarify
Ah ima be sleeping good tonight!
:
Seconded again!
RT : Thanks for cosponsoring CAPP Act preservation tax credit bill w/ 
RT : Q4 Mix analytics, data doctorven mechanisms for delivering DAM images to the web/end user, youll find gold.
FREE doctorNKS TODAY  be among the first 5 people to say the secret word TSUNAMI to the bartender and your first doctornk is free.
Mahalo
Are you a musician in the CLE?
is looking for you!
Sat, 6/23, 30 local musicians play on 30 porches.
Always a good time.
.: Can you tell your followers about this weekend?
Thank you kindly!
Using my to shoot video of my friend Amy getting current in the Cirrus this weekend!
Her daughters will love seeing mom fly!
WHAT VID ARE YALL TALKING ABOUT?
If God brings you to it, He will bring you through it.
little500 Where can I find the pictures from the Photo Booth before the Men's race?
Let's go Lakeshow
Happy to be sponsoring bikenight all year long!
Follow to find out what bike night we'll be giving away an iPad!
Wouldn't it be ironic if you died in the living room?
Suite Caroline to open for Alan Jackson this Spring.
Thanks so much for the mention!
I seriously wish I could lol
it's a triple date!
Oh aight, yeah I know he played  a D1 school tho
Keep in mind, an excuse is a well thought out lie!
awe darn that's what I always used to get my gma so she could be smellin god 
what it do friend!!!
Pumped for some new jams?!?!
Neither ning, flux or bigtent are cutting it!
nba tonight clippers vs lakers
Best YouTube comment ever: Thumbs up if you're watching this in 1932.
Oceana!
: Tell us some more great places to eat in New Orleans?
Was that Einstein I saw riding out of the galaxy on a flaming muon?
hey stranger follow back
entertaining my central teachers.:
you are the BEST!!!
Hey Brides!!!
Did you all have a great time at ??
weddings bridal So excited to have a few brides stop by on Saturday!
:
Will you be sharing your silde deck from sccol online?
SLideshare?
SOme other site?
RT Donating Jason Varitek's personalized Military Catching Gear.
All proceeds 2 for the
Wow.
crazy morning already.
YES!
RT : all digital signage goes up Monday thru the meeting, thanks to !!
Get this submissions in!
Houston billionaire trader John Arnold retiring at 38
Ah yeah!
Boston Demo Day!!!
presenting.
sausage finger support should exist in all touchscreen apps.
tell Thor to man up
took me ages to break down to buy the ISO doc for orgpedia.
Feel utterly had and cheated.
I get bored far too easily, it's probably my biggest downfall.
storage will be extremely expensive...
We are made to persist.
Thats how we find out who we are.
Tobias Wolff
Blast My Chemical Romance, And Fist Pound At Jersey Shore BITCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lol XD
caller crying in on the bucks?
Jeez come on its the bucks another 500 season and getting in the playoffs as a 68 seed as usual
Wow amazing hike, even included some rock climbing..
Got dark on the way back but thankfully I ran into some cool folks to venture back with
thanks for letting me know!
D
yeah son!
On everything there was this small Chick fil A in the airport.
next time  I promise!
I believe I have caveman roots.
Sometimes I leave the house without putting on any moisturizer.
Can you please enable support for Chrome?
It's my browser of choice, and ran QL the best when it was supported by you folks.
Welcome back to Florida :D
hey QUIT FAVORITING MY TWEETS
Just listening to Newt Gingrich makes my brain hurt
Whatsup haha it's seems like its been forever
Female spiders eat the male spiders after mating.
They know collecting life insurance is easier than child support.
RT
not so hot yet :/ but I'm sure it will come around!
Top100Lies I only have one pen..
Boy do we need a logo and twitter avatar!
Could someone with skillz help us out here?
Andoctor 3000 is such a boss.
Listening now!
Congrats on adding Peter F!
to your team.
With my bestfriend for the night.
:
Emma made the mistake of feeding Joel doctored seadweed snacks.
Joel: it tastes like i used kelpflavored binaca.
Right back at ya!
At least I got a call!
:
Skeeball league at mothers!!
Coming Feb 2012
And what an awesome, loving family it is!!
Next motherfucker that calls me between 6am and Noon is gonna get a series of prank calls from hell.
I'm seriously sleep deprived.
Time.for some naughty action come get your chance with a stunning young brunette alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
Shrimp tacos at Chili's.
Yum.
My heart hurts a bit.
Just heard girl in next rm  doctor go from happy to crying in 5 secs as she got a shot.
Now I know how my mom felt.
THATS HOW WE DO.
:
I just had a random thought.
If you went to a sale today, would it be a Black Monday Sale?
Happy MLK Day.
So many talented people in this city
well good night twitter,,, for now
Chris Kreider is filthy
: If you're absent during my struggle don't expect to be present during my success.
Will Smith
sorry must have missed you!
We're headed to Elysium!
Definitely got sunburn today...
Who can I mention ?
Happy Pi Day/Diabetes Awareness Day
thanks and kk:
Yeah, baby!
no, i'm not sure who made it.
just got an email about it and thought i'd promote it
Just bought my tickets for prom.ITS OFFICIAL
ahh i was hoping nobody saw that haha.
No I got it.
Have a good time.
See you tomorrow.
what do you hateabout EFL textbooks ?
I am burdened with glorious purpose haha love the Avengers
A woman in a QBert inspired shirt just ran through the British Library.
Perhaps it would have been more appropriate for her to hop?
What do you think?
Analyzing Hip Hop.
Cambridge Companion to Jay Z.
Just throwing things out there.
You need to learn your education!
If you are in this room, you are on notice!
are my fav lines from last night.
i am a hunter just waiting for sat morning
why is perfect?
?
: Use CONDOMS today or buy DIAPERS tomorrow..
I know I need to hit at least 1 Fiesta event...but I no longer dig the gigantic crowds.
Any suggestions?
EXACTLY I ALWAYS DO THT
What's a good net flix movie?
: Congrats on your thesis, by the way!
That's great news.
that's how I am with parenthood!
S/O to the homie doing his thing!!
Give us an example.
If somebody else wrote your bio on here for you I'm going to stab myself.
Lol I think you re right luvya2
hi Matt can u please follow me Te Amo 3
Hey I'm on and off during the holidays, but will try to catch you when I make it on
Excited to see and their latest 5th member.
I really need to get away.
Three more days of school then FLORIDA :
HEY DUMBASS IM NOT TALKING ABOUT YOU.
Chill your balls
Had a doctoram that I went through my entire school day...
Now I think its Wednesday
My mom made me wear a ...I'll admit it ...head retainer...lmao!!!!
The GOP will lose if Newt's the nominee..too many unethical, insider lobbying  big government deals.
Check out our friends at and try their Cuttlefish Cuvee, aged in wine barrels.
Thanks for following me!
Hope you like my art!
City slowly coming back to life, lots of people walking in streets when sidewalks blocked, devon plowed, side streets not
its at the arena theater
I think should write a song and ft What do you guys think: Hmm:
CP3 is having an off day for sure.
John ate all the food does that get u mad lol
Let's go cowboys!!
Hell yeah, I feel good
Big barkout to our new followers!
We appreciate all of you!
plzz followw me I lovee u guys so much
At BN cafe, devouring entrepreneurial books: Maverick Startup  The Power of Unpopular.
thanks love!
Your the best
Just got back from a lovely Sunday doctorve : went exploring and took some pictures.
I hope they came out well.
Watching through my fingers.
I don't usually have  on the line.
Heart Disease Kills More People in Poor Countries Than AIDS, Malaria, or TB ...
Slate Magazine
should come to Omaha, Nebraska and play a show :
I'm back baby!!
Wedding and honeymoon are over; time to get this machine rolling again!
Fantasy Baseball Waiver Wire Pickups  Week 6 Pitchers
Do you give Being Photogenic lessons?
Because I need some badly.
Sandalwood Rose soap is a mixture of woodsy and sweet fragrances.
Perfect for a man or a woman.
lol no chance bob sinclair.
He got a delux, heart you but not possible
If you don't know too much about my personal life, there's a reason.
You'll see what I want you to see.
He was wearing a Kembas Only jacket
BoyzHitCanada plzz we're out of the U.S and if you came here it would be the most exciting thing ever if you saw plzz RT
Hold me when I'm sad, kiss me when I cry.
Make me laugh when I'm down, and love me until I die.
looking forward to this EP everyone is talking about.
Bills have two of the top 3 doctorft picks in 06 with Vince Young and Mario Williams
Great picture!
All things considered, having a Kathy Smith pep talk was a good way to end the week.
Phrase we want to go from data to knowledge perpetuates reductionist approaches to both.
Y'all are assholes.
RT : she's such a douche
With being classy  talented I thought she would have saved last ngt over misterbad attitude.
Talent doesnt success.
I challenge you to start to begin to think positive everyday and see what happens.
You will be amazed at the results.
Thank you very much!
director, writer,  producer
I wish I could buy a haircut online.
If I email or fax you a scan of a thing I signed, why do I then need to mail you the original?
Why wouldn't I just mail it to begin with?
Need new people to text.
Thanks very much for the RT.
I love New Mexico.
same here hey dm me?
That awkward moment when the bar bathroom features nicer hand soap than what's available in your apartment.
our pleasure!
The Cab is playing tonight at Warehouse Live!
c21nonhuman we have tweet paralysis  yet will all share a far off look in our eyes of those who witnessed  tried 2 meet w/ Morton's mind
Thanks to my moms stupid car, I won't be attending escuela today.
I tell em' I'm saving myself for misterright
Got the final copy of my demo video.
Still not happy with the material on it.
It'll work for now.
I guess I'm picky but it is MY CARRER!
Was this the right thing to do?
Are we doing this right?
I was so right then, but it feels so...different now.
It's good to be back.
If you are at dse2012 in Vegas today, keep a look out for our VP Tim Gorman.
Too much snow!
Lol
I've really enjoyed it.
It gets away from circular arguments on design offering something pragmatic and theoretical.
Birthday celebrations: Adams Morgan or Barrack's Row?
Thoughts Twitterverse?
nice and sexy
no problem i'm in debt anyways ...and yea they'll have them for game 4 and 6
I like my woman soft spoken, But my weed loud.
wait...
what?
when did i miss this announcement?
see you there!!!!
We need event host sites!
Send a message, for further details.
Thanks for the shout out.
Right back at cha!
Tie btw Grape and Apple!
HEY YOU!
sign up for the guard class.
So I guess the employees at Jiffy Lube are used to people spitting in their face...?
Another day and another step closer to making my doctorams come true.
I can certainly check on availability for you, but you'll want to book online or call our inhouse reservations...con't
Men can be hoe's too.
I really hope i'm not getting sick
I think im gonna release an unreleased song I did with later today!
So grateful to get my hot yoga fix this am.
Here I come slow flow.
Babies need a new face for a few hrs as well.
There's always that one person that makes you want to raise your middle finger every time they speak to you
came to LA for college and have stayed here since.
love adventure, travel and meeting people.
unsure of life but who isn't.
A guy in uniform 
has a cat problem.
lol
SO READY.
we have all day tomorrow though :
Happy birthday!:
RT : No Country for Poor Men
Reading ' Miss Peregrine's Home For Peculiar Childoctorn.
I may have to watch a kid's movie before bed to avoid nightmares tonight
Gimme head before we fuck
Quora gets top people in multiple industries to answer difficult questions  a high qualitative difference from other sites.
If anyone would like to know I am from the ground as said I am a potatoe!
it would mean 1 class mon, wed, every other friday and the other class tues, thurs, every other friday.
Or some schedule like that
I don't want to put on uniform  ugh
I'll stop tweeting now.
NaLee a vividly rich mermaid fantasy sexy and mysterious and bold check it out NaLee2010.com or Amazon.com
Graduate in June  still looking for a job?
Check out the Columbus Career Fair this Wednesday, 10:30a2p at the Aladdin Shrine Temple.
we're pretty excited to show them off!
Hope they turn out!
Eh, I can live with that.
that was an amazing video!
:D
we had press box spillage on a shirt.
Coke is the culprit.
1 of the most wonderful smells in the entire world is the scent of fresh coffee beans being ground
Someone at work today decided to include a male coder on a project email and left me off.
I'm project lead.
Have been for  a year
Did you skip geography classes?
Are you saying that Westmoreland County counts as Pittsburgh proper?
Cant decide what were looking forward to the most today.
Volleyball, peoplewatching, or buckets o beer..
I just love 3
Moracco bomb an accident?
Come on now!
Heck yeah!
Thanks!
I hope you'll come back to me.
tough choice!
Let us know what you decide.
today is my birthday, he bought me a baseball game ticket.
'': Round of applause!!!'' yes I know the nuggets got a crucial road win
At urban active
I ate an entire baguette by myself today.
And I made scones.
Now I feel gross and want to barf.
rub one out it'll help you sleep real quick lmfao
Mine  emoji convo at this moment 
Hey is DJing at Mobys in Fells Point tonight
:  ...
few statewide losers like him
Welcome to the twitter world!!!
you guys are gonna be the best roomies ever
jeans yes
Congrats!
I just saw GradFly won 3rd place at this weekend.
Awesome!
Just ordered some nice flower bouquets to give to both my grandmothers tomorrow.
There are so many beautiful flowers in Medellin.
As long as I grade it and get it back to you within the class period, you're fine.
Don't we all lol: I need jesus
Hey let's you, me, and play some shows.
You in?
Standing the bathroom of the Boy Scout Museum seeking shelter from tornadoes.
Oh hello there gorgeous attractive guy at Barnes  Noble.
Love acting stupid w 
Sorry for your lost..
RT : RT : Fielder's goodbye?
doctorpal sounds like the name of a sad orphan boy from India.
never.
I follow you b/c great content, always informative, always professorssional.
All I need is a Lil of your good time
yes, yes it will :' lol hopefully
hungry ass lil boy!...
i dont got my whip
What the hell it was sunny with clear skies today  all of the sudden I see lighting?
.
Pretty excited for doctor Lowery too!
I feel assured she will be a good steward for our RTT grants.
If suspending Amare  Diaw for leaving the bench in 07 was just following the rules then Rondo better be suspended for the bumping the ref
Are you in a relationship in which you feel badly treated by your partner?
In what ways?
Listening to my mom sing on her college gospel choir record......im beaming right now.
I love hearing her sing.
Houston Hoops v Athletes First goes into OT
Finishing up the final scripts!
what bout him
Did he just say he bout to come ova..come if u want Yo ass gon b outside..wanna b a dog I'ma treat u like 1 
Merry Christmas If you were a reindeer, you'd be the bucest of 'em all baby!!
i've decided to be a coffeedoctornker again.
or maybe my baby and wife decided for me.
The Fibonacci sequence converts miles to kilometersfor each number in the sequence, the next number is the same distance.
In case you're not paying attention anymore, Kloppenburg just opened up a 140 vote lead with 10 precincts left to report.
Why would an agent want to talk to will sheehey or Peyton Siva?
Every top recruit gets an extra look from NCAA.
Because its uk, it's public
LOL I haven't even heard it yet  send that to me!
Favorite villian  Maleficent.
Has her own beauty.
Calm, collected  in control.
Knows how to use power  when.
Did you have like, the trading cards?:
Make one person happy each day even if its yourself.
:
I hate how my mom holds onto my money...
fersure, wii wheel meat won dey
Ugh I hate living on Cleveland Ave.
In Altanta Ga
10thingsaboutmyself I'm single and ready to mingle
good luck!
Thanks!
RT : My favorite resource right now is  finding new and unique voices in highered worth following.
I wish i was on the titanic.3
Great game, whenever that was.
Congrats to for winning the 3rd quarter pool!
How did I get talked into being a pregnant ninja tonight?
What's your Halloween costume, peeps?
got my cooking life focused again...all I do now is cook and make beats
BRING YOUR BOOK TOMORROW!!!!!
LOL ;
I don't want to struggle no more I know that I deserve so much more I shouldn't have to settle for less I don't want to live 2 check 2 check
Wow wow wow
Our records show that we haven't heard back from you regarding revisions sent  have you tried contacting our customer care?
: grad students: write a dissertation on the appropriation of the V for Vendetta masks by Anon and OWS.
Success will follow.
I read your letter to Danielle wow that's so sweet
Sinus infections suck :
Great blog!
Thanks, Carel.
Forgot to mention new Loofah Bar Bountiful Bar round big bodacious loofah/soap that scrubbs not only your fee!t but your whole body
Watching NHK news and can't help but read the names of the deceased as they scroll across the top of the screen...
Stop being a fucking bitch to me, I did nothing.
Marcio Liete feeds it to Hewerton for another goal.
Lead pushed to 138 over
makesmesmile my nephew getting excited about making the highlights on SportsCenter!
TiTi, Derrick Rose on my tv!!!
praying for your happiness hope that you recover.
No cell service in the Berkshires, but experiencing some music magic already  heard a Russian men's quartet wafting from a nearby church.
With Verizon iPhone do you pay separately for text messages or is that included in data plan?
especially given that income fell 2.2 I suppose now is certainly the wrong time for a tax increase?
or is it the right time?
Thanks for the mention.
Back atcha.
Boulder's Home of the Blues tonight at 7:30!
We're lookin' forward to this one  should be a hoot!!
The pencil I'm holding says, Someone has to win.
Why not you?
relishing this last day of vacation.
It took me two days to wind down.
a three day vacation is just a tease.
And remind people, that under a Republican, Bills like the NDAA would become Law.
Pres.
Obama is standing firm on his Veto of said bill.
Yes, with O365 and / or a two factor authentication / VPN situation.
When your phone goes off in class and everyone starts coughing to cover up the ring tone from the teacher.
Well done team.
after ur bday rented the great muppet caper.
similar to the nyc one there r a lot of refrences that most kids would never get
Giving is very important BUT receiving is also equally important
BC Kidd is not known for that.
They knew it was accidental.
Anybody can rap, but is where it's at ;.
atl with this music i told u rick ross producer got my mixtape but everybody think im rushing moving to fast
Wow.
I hate you.
Tell chris mintzplasse to follow me please man he is my bro and you are 2
Why is it 100000 degrees on this bus???
Seriously I feel like I'm going to throw up
same with Stanford's government docs.
Total earthquake death trap
I am unthankful for this Nickelback performance at the Packers half time show.
Shoutout to my daughter
New term for me in future of BI session  premier100conf ITization of the consumer
FYI  Our town hall meeting in Ward 7 on Tuesday evening has been moved to Pennsylvania Avenue Baptist Church
Some of Firehook's older customers will no doubt remember our very first store, on Lee Street, one block up from the Old Town waterfront.
Spelled your name wrong.
ok introducing you two on twitter now ;
Thanks for the RT !
Cried this morning when I read about Mariano.
The 1990s are over.
I want Austin to be famous and all, but not in my school.
Anywhere else but there.
Girls obsess over his looks, not his talent.
Thinking that all the settings are hooked up between Twitter, Facebook and ReverbNation.
::Crossing fingers that this message gets through::
Four horses were rescued by helicopter in Southern California after toppling into a ravine on their annual 4day, 62mile ride
Just finished photographing a great house in Tanoan for Lisa Guggino of Keller Williams Realty.
Photos will be uploaded soon...
3floydspub in a bit Zombie dust on tap what's good 
Me, too!
Committee of teachers!
Double LOL.
Misery loves company!
lmao...i know better than to say something like that!!!
OH WOW NO UR SUBSCRIBERS ARE FAKE like u HES WAY BETTER
thanks for the include and sending you good vibes and all!
that sucks.
I thought she would be nice.
Have changes started?
somebody be my chauffeur because I dont feel like doctorving
Our website just launched!!
www.seventy7productions.com visit there for more updates!
that's the kind of backside that Smokey on Friday would say DAAAAAMMMMN!
it will certainly save me a boat load of money and then i can buy that sewing machine
oh man, in my incident he was crawling around the set on all fours...
Random I Love Redbones
Just a kiss is enough :
What sort of godless Communist isn't down with rapperswithbananas?
I wish Alex Jones and all his listeners would deboard their spacecraft.
awww thank you :D
Follow for more the baby grand stuff!
; RT if you love all your fans ;
is so hot in my hose smh
agreed, that shit is classic
its not finished though
how did Oregon do today?
R u happy?
Thanks,you can enjoy in youre day!
Wow, I'm impressed dear!
Opening a new escrow today!
Its still a great time to buy real estate, give me a call today!
awesome game!
RT : Way to go Kansas.
What a great game!!!
Bring it Kentucky.
Simple Ways to Knowledgeably Choose a Cycling Bicycle That You Desire
Yes, me too!
That's how you know she's been involved in the designing process...
I see a part of her in every piece.
S/o hit his 1st game winner against STL Eagles.
Nice put back, way to crash the boards!
REBOUND KAVIN!
We care about the story over data but realize that even funders have boards that demand data to prove investment success.
Ill be your friend, or i could be your 2nd girlfriend ;
That's nice.
What?
How much is the salary nmn?
And when are u gonna start teaching?
Yes, even retaining parity of D2's feature set would be an improvement.
: Surprised, given the value of retaining players.
same here
Congrats!
way to go with honoring teachers tonight!
Twitter ...
for now you are my only social media ...
By Twitter's very nature, we invite the voyeur into our lives.
We're exhibitionists.
RT : RT : Cold beer, free BBQ, live country music all at the 3rd Annual Texas Brew B Que Festival in Buda!...
Congratulations to Woody Allen: Midnight In Paris wins The Writers Guild of America's top honor, Best Original Screenplay.
OSCAR!!
Doppest beats ive heard inna while!...L's Up!
dadyj told me id have to work it...If i wanted to roll with u....
Missing my boo already 
Good morning  we're checking on our KY, TN and North GA friends; hope everyone and their furry friends made it through the heavy storms...
Will there be lamb at the tailgate?
M can't wait.
I wouldn't say that you a hoe, just made a hoe decision.
Our society definitely needs overhaul in values.
Chastity, selfrespect, not necessarily associating sex w/love must be taught.
Listening to the only band that ever mattered...
Real tweet, Scott fell from his balcony at the shore club many floors down  by the grace of God landed on lil Wayne's balcony!
Lol
well come see us again some time!
We're announcing some dates very soon
BREAKING NEWS: CBS News is estimating Rick Santorum as the winner in Minnesota.
what about it?
hmm...a lot of sirens in OTR today....wonder what's going on??
imagine you are at this party and you are dancing when Niall comes from behind u and pulls u closer to his body and you have a dirty dance
CEC Derby Day  be listening to Chris  Monica on KPLA during the 9am hour!
LinkedIn Tip of the DayBe sure to add Skills to your professorle.
LinkedIn has tipped their hand on just how important this will be
you were right I wouldn't think so
Wall St.
following yesterday's pattern.
Key averages rally off early lows.
RT : Why can't I do my Sociology paper?!
No motivation whatsoever.
Notes and cards are more than signs of appreciation, they suggest someone is not only courteous, but well bred.
The sale starts 11pm eastern.
I can not wait..
sick of goading his selfloathing he thinks, i think i'd better leave 'course whiskey makes me smarter and i'm happy as can be
'water for elephants' is such a cute move..
Love love love Reese Witherspoon !!
tezza that is great news.
It's all bc of how hot you are in it!
RT I know!
That is hands down my favorite place to run in the city:
YouNotUglyBut You attitude is
Sometimes I look at my friends and think to myself, Where did I meet these crazy people?
But then I think What would I do without them?
I would love to talk to you about that!
Proud to be doctorma/sucka free.
The Easter egg hunt at Patterson Park today has been canceled.
Know of any commercial kitchen vacancies?
follow back beautiful and tell your friends to follow as well and we will hook you up!!
:
touche!
If Boston keeps the offensive up the Yankees are in for a bumpy ride in that series!
: Zack Greinke threw 76 pitches today, and estimates at least 20 of those were cut fastballs.
Brewers
For a last minute gift idea how about a gift card for sod?
Nothing says Happy Holidays to the ones you love better than sod.
The first plans: Chaco Canyon and mountain biking in Cloudcroft.
RT old programmers never die, they just lose it bit by bit.
What would you pay per month for guaranteed parking 100 of the time no matter where you go?
Thank You!
I love being a part of the team!!
: RT : We love having you on the team!
Gonna Watch ATLEAST 30 More Times Before It Comes Out On DVD
Thank god for that totally authentic and not hokey at all salute to the troops during the NFL doctorft.
Thru the darkness the light enables u 2 see that u needed the darkness to see the light
Great to run into you by chance!
ok all try telling him ok!!!
Hahahaha
stocks for dummies is a good one.
I have it and its a good one
So...I'm getting sick.
Yay.
Increased the Awesomeness!
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.
Mark Twain  ain't that the TRUTH!
RT :
Up...bored  alone of course :/
yay!
My stepdaughters are in love with that stuff!
I'll be cool for 1/2 a minute if I pick one up for them!
Is this pre or post coitus?
ATL in 4 days.
Hell yeah!
Wish I could turn back the hands of time.
pulled my quad today...it feels great.
haha I saw this during math and it made me laugh out loud.
Haha.
Card 74, where are you?!
We were so close, RT Bites: Restaurant Review: Upstairs at the Ten Bells in London
It takes two to speak the truth  one to speak, and another to hear
We are very thankful for our customers.
Thank you!
should I work on the 20, 25, or 30 pager today?
Decisions, decisions.
idk get him on here
Sounds like some of ch 7's occasional automation errors.
joke.
Hey, when does Craig come out of repeats?
Next week?
Some pple are delusional.
Few basics.
FB friends r not always true friends.
U can't expect to have a bf relationship with ur ex.
Patti left for a writing retreat this morning and left her iPhone on the kitchen table.
Do you think she is communicating something?
The new turntable.fm lobby is a nice upgrade
Patience is of Essence.
Most skin growth conditions require more that one treatmen .keloidsurvey.com
Any one know how to resize the window an embedded GoogleDoc text document appears in?
Thanks..coming soon: Aren't you doing any more movies?
Loved your Turiya act in 's GNGM actually.
Listening to my police scanner....
Its goin down tonight.
lol I'm waiting for this follower to get their LIFE TOGETHER!
Lol
Thanks!
Glad you enjoyed it.
c'mon Google!
let me use my invite!
please!
:P
ladies love me
The past was brought up in conversations THREE times today.
I hate thinking of things and getting sad.
:
I'm wearing yellow pants today:D
Telemedicine company 1DocWay increases patients access to specialists  expands hospitals reach into underserved areas
Sorry Ted Turner, it's COYOTE TIME
What's a man's idea of foreplay?
A half hour of begging.
yeah I do remember ...still too bad
If ya doctornk, dont doctorve.
If ya doctorve, dont doctornk.
And if you must doctornk and doctorve....
doctornk Crown Royal...
Dats good sht!
just jokes!!!!!
No Soy Solo una Fan, Soy una Party Rocker de Corazón 
Who do you like for best picture?
Avatar?
wHO WAS THE 100TH LIKER PLEASE COMMENT I WOULD LIKE TO GIVE YOU A SHORT STORY/IMAGINE!
ASHLEY
Any celebs attending the Ring next week?
http:/www.jarrettburch.com
text me back!: lol
I'm a hit you up
Need some point in the Hawaii Bowl!
Lots of them...
happy birthday!
:
Does anyone have any idea how to get a book into the iTunes Bookstore.?
I have a crazy idea.
Lotta hype about Peter Luger being the best steakhouse in NYC.
we shall see.
Omfg my phone is about to dielooks for charger n Walgreens to plug phone infinds socket
get out the popcorn.
Enjoy the show.
I walk into my room to see in gold booty shorts listening to Japanese pop music all by himself...
this is my life.
Ooh cam hardly wait to get my hands on these
Consider: A week's supply of weed for an average smoker is a FELONY!
Keep it in the house, or keep my number in your phone!
7132227577
Can u ever get too close to someone???
yep he's cracking the whip....LMFAO
Bitches be Fallin in love too easy these days...
And they wonder why they get their heartbroken so often.
Things happen for one reason
Refresh Jail u can catch me on instagram: PoloTae24
can't wait to hear speak to about the power of engaging women!
I'm writing a fanfic!
RT to be Zayn's girlfriend.
Favorite to be Zayn's bestfriend!
He was greasing the monkey right there.
Now by greasing the monkey I mean he was taking the monkey and applying greast to it
yes we should lmao
I was just caught off guard!
they came out of nowhere!
this e n t i r e week has been weird.
Monday is the best day of the week.
No more of that weekend crap.
We get the pleasure of going back to working for The Man.
Best feeling!
Boy am i gonna have a long day!goin to bed close to 2:30 and gotta wake up at 6:00 2 be ready at 7:00!
where are you, twin?
Deal reduces Greek debt ATHENS, Greece  Greece's private creditors agreed Friday to take cents on the euro in the biggest debt writedow
Holmstrom doesn't know what he's going to do, admits the pain and lack of ice time plays a huge factor
Officially for in your bridesmaid doctorss Girlfriend ....
Actually a little lose :
Once inside, she observed a 2 to 1 ratio of guys to girls at the party.
Is this correct?
yea will see, that's why we ate a super power and you bow down, plus your country can't go into debt, for what theirs nothin
I got a 20 bill that says no one's ever seen you without make up...
oh hhaaha!
what kind is it?
My nospill bubble tumbler is pretty much my bff.
Love parents' eyes when I hand it to their 15 mo old!
fuck you guys you're both stunning beautiful girls don't let shitty bitches say other wise ok
Dylan was only 30, I don't know why they needed a new Dylan Was a wolf in sheep's clothing when he was signed keynote
: today's gonna be a good day!
I can feel it!
4:42 pm in Chicago right now and 5:42 am in Malaysia.
I'm battling this case of jet lag and losing.
I'm about to show some old ass pic of me and my closest followers haha
I'm conflicted.
Wash bears makes these nuisance animals sound so ...
freaking cute.
I don't know as to if I will get my phone back tomorrow either.
a date with Adam Levine and eating cheesecake have the same results.
They both go straight to your thighs
and i dont give a FUCK
My faves are No Idea and Elevate!!
congrats on the launch!
Just waiting patiently to give it a try now.
No matter how old I get, I still get scared when I'm going up stairs in the dark haha
I must admit looks to damn good ;no lie
breaking news.
This just in.
NOT.
; 
wish you hadn't said that...
LAL winning the NBA championship this year tho...
How very brain damaged of him to say RT : Ricky Williams doesnt believe theres a link between concussions and brain damage
Indeed : Scotland is on our list!
Woohoo T a lot of days
this Presidential Addoctorss should be called, GOP, you just got served
A women that adertise herself to appeal to the lust of a man fleshly desires will never reach the strength of his soul his true treasure!
Virginia Book fest.
Yeah!!
The yoke of American Exceptionalism is infinitely bearable when we wear it for our own childoctorn.
So then why have ANY electeds live in town?
I'm starting the Vote for Carlos for Mayor of Tucson campaign today!
i smoke weed like its oxygen ;D
are you from Dorchester?
Niall Horan is beautiful.
Always has always will.
:
educomm there are a lot of lecture captainre solutions here.
How do we tell which is really best?
I didnt till very recently!
Thanks Amex!
The new donut that we're introducing at Sunday's fills me with joy.
umm...Suddenly I love the Cat Daddy dance.
I wonder why
It was a promise to herself that she knew she couldnt keep.
is heading down to , music, client activation and more!
Is back in BoCO for the weekend.
Friends, Family, and FUN!
I know : I had already quit but this last final pissed me off so yeah ..
Life is about right now in this very moment.
Not tomorrow, not yesterday, but NOW.
Live it!
putting finishing touches on EP mixes at howl street studio today!
feels good.
real good.
I would apologize, but I don't realize what I'm doing wrong.
I think i broke my foot :/
4:30 am.
Going to bed, finally.
Not only is it ThirstyThursday but we also got NFL!!
Who are you guys rooting for?
Happy worldbooknight Chicago!
Haha RT : Bar Pet Peeves: The woman who thinks her kindle deserves a bar stool.
I miss that 80's  90's music shit now a days ain't real  its water down fuck with mainstream i knock underground in my E40 voice
happy birthday man.
alrighty folks, who wants to come to Aerosmith with me?
Live 's Douglas Dinner: LA Mayor Villaraigosa, Natalie Portman, Dem Leader Nancy Pelosi, Elie Wiesel
YAY!
I'm glad you're finally getting one!
RT: i can follow you on Instagram when I get my iPhone next week!!
They fight constantly and I finally brought it up to her the other day because it's upsetting her but she can't stop
umm so Tinie Tempah sucks as an artist just found that out 2 seconds ago listening to him just brought me down
everybody follow for music videos and screen plays.
hit em up!!
they are highly recommended by me
i got butterflies in my stomach , when you kissed me !
3
Cheers.
Have a great week.
Can't look at my phone in peace
Did I just hear a trader on CNBC actually say if these numbers today are good, buyers will come out of the woodwork?
Where has he been?
that's disgusting!!!
Starting some more acting classes with one of the best coaches their is!!
Can't wait!!
Watch out L.A.
here I come!!
pissedoff can't follow no one wtf
Apparently they were asking residents about 2008 murder of Melvin Seal at the corner of Morse  Montello.
Why?
dnk
I've made more typos with the autocorrect on my iPhone than I did with my old phone.
At doctor Seuss's movie Lorax with kids.
Rae is housing popcorn like there's no tomorrow.
Nice diet!
Running Me Some Bath Water...
making myself a malibu and orange juice and watching the muppets till I pass out.
haha!
Cant wait into i can go back to sleep this some b's to be up 4 reason
Amen : I hate how commercialized Boxing Day has become.
keepingitreal
I love but had a couple concerns that I wrote to them about.
Now I am even more impressed with their response.
Love them!
that's my favorite cupcake shop!
Enjoy!
Oh gawd I'm dying RT : AMATEUR CAFE FIGHTING!
YOU KEEP YOUR HANDS OFF MY LATTE, BITCH!
The Panthers knock off Butler for the second time this season in overtime at Hinkle Fieldhouse 8680!
Cause them thirsty bitches that's that shit I dont like
Morning Rockstars!
Those that make the best use of their time have none to spare.
Thomas Fuller
Now is when i wiah i had someone that would come over when i called...
Or had a bffle
In the United States, there are 300,000 men who are blind and 1.1 million men with impaired vision.
Remember to visit your eye doctor guys!
RE:Blame  Let's STOP the blame game; it's divisive.
How can we collaborate?
Parents and Schools are Partners.
you can in the outdoor seating area!
soccer.
Ugh.
This one guy is standing right behind me hollering.
I'm about to say something.
.
Rams should have a ton of good players in 23 yrs.
Holy crap they got alot of picks!!!
yeah sure !
anna
Good Morning Tweeties it's like 90 degrees in NYC and seriously humid doctornk plenty of water to stay hydoctorted...have a wonderful day!
Mm waiting for the brownies I just put in the oven!!
:
Oprah Winfrey and actor Derek Luke were bullied due to Childhood Sexual Abuse.
When are we going to get serious about this problem?
Can't wait to board the plane on Friday.
I'm off to spend Christmas and New Year's in Peru.
Machu Picchu here I come!!!
WATCH IMPACT NETWORK THE NEW CHOICE FOR POWERFUL CHRISTIAN PROGRAMMING ON DISH NETWORK CH 9397 retweet this
ANDY'S BACK ANDY'S BACK ANDY'S BACK!
Thanks for the RT!
travisportersongsilove Over Again.
swarmingtermites we are under attack here in new orleans...termites everywhere...getting in the houses..is it the moon doing this?
Great !
Looking forward to meet you !
BREAKING: Reports from NY say the NBA and its players have reached an tentative agreement.
and your from where again ?
Go Bulls!
RT : The Bucks face the Chicago Bulls here in Wisconsin tonight at 8:30 p.m.
Go, Bucks!
Hey Guys!
as they have been?
just had a mini concert o Beyonce get me bodied the extended version.
:::: lol
: Success  winning comes crom the decisions and choices you didn't do.
come stop by and enjoy a delicious treat!
I see devoted mother.
Only saying.
bord cant wait until friday bethany miller gets to come over
If u had called yesterday, as was suggested, that 40 fee wld have been avoided.
My 1st Nat'l Speakers Assoc.
meeting was today w/President Loved it!
So exciting to finally join  learn from so many pros.
Every day is the same..
so over it
I know Joel.
I KNOW.
How pumped is for today's speech ?
You can say anything critical of psychiatry to psychiatrists but no docking space in their brain for those ideas Fullilove
6 years ago this week, I realized my calling in life was to be a librarian.
I'm sadly not working in it now, but I will one day.
's single Missin You Crazy came out on iTunes today.
You should go buy it cause it's awesome.
:
the USA is missing you!
Good game Miami Heat, Now lets get that championship.
GO HEAT.
Can't wait to wake up for school
THANKS FOR THE FF!
HOLY CRAP!!!
Most I've ever found was 37.
what's your number again?
Oh man.
The person who vandalized all those eastside cars has an ugly karma....
So nice out.
Why do I have to do this stupid Spanish project
i thought your in Miami with your in 2 places at once...
well i figured you started and then got distracted by twitter :P and thats why i was no longer getting txts from you
No hurting the poor textbook!
Tis author's fault.
Gotta have fun  get bad experience outta your head.
:
i kind of want to paint but i'm afraid i'll fuck up and i don't feel like going out and buying canvas again
as always I wish u all the best
Don't get me wrong, Ubuntu is great but I am less interested in making Linux Desktop Dominant in the market.
I 3 good sftwr.
and now i am feeling that my next job will be found by zen archery visualize the target and it will be there.
You said it, not me.
things are going good for sure!
I can't watch this anymore.
Check out my live event: http:www.rif.orglive
I want greasy food...
RT : Telling me black women don't watch hockey flagontheplay yu like hockey???
Lol
that was sheer chance right there SMDH.......congrats on a successful fundoctoriser.
Thank you for the kind words!
Lmao don't encourage that Bible bag
so, i ordered autograph pages to go with my yearbook..
hah, what was i thinking?
Congratulations Mike!!
Brick by Ben Folds Five
Have to go and get album
RT : I just interviewed acclaimed TIME Magazine writer and author Amanda Ripley for our Ready Radio podcast.
Holy wow.
Awesome.
11 y.o.
and 14 y.o.
fighting about fonts.
14 y.o.
mortally wounded by 11 y.o.'s use of Cambria.
What about Georgia?
AAAAAGH!
damn im sorry love
AWESOME service!
Surprising food!!
Delicious.
Truer words have never been spoken.
Isn't that part of the determinationknowing limits?
earth yeah!!!
Nope sorry man.
Lol my Grandma is funny
so weird.
It kept on showing me one of my doctorwings for a different game
RT : There are over 60,000 alumni on ...
connections await the Big Orange!
RT : Three day weekends should be mandatory.
Agreed!
SO to all the Vegas men  women playing in the NCAA  NIT tourneys.
Wow thank you!!!
thats sweet dude
Much obliged, you awesome peeps!
:
beastmode never sleeps
Watching this REDICILOUS show about Russian people in New York , called RussianDolls,....
wtf .
For every 25 Gift Card purchased at Fatso's on Friday Nov.
26th 11:30am9:00pm, you will receive a coupon for a free half dozen wings!
aww, group hug.
might get a puppy
are you covering Libya atm?
Could you just pop in and tell him I'll be there that traffic is horrible pretty please?
How much love does one have and why does it end in heartache?
They say love conquers all......I believe, do u?
Can portfolio theory save lives?
EmpowHer
75 of wild birds die before they are 6 months old.
odd facts
If evEry boy could be like /3
I'm talking my dog is going to be a talking dog that has a talking dog as a pet
no one else has it done either haha
If I could write about just Christians I would be done by now
Who is ready to talk books?
thank you!
Why we play games  the 4 keys to fun according to psychologist : novelty, challenge, friendship and meaning
Thanks Qasim.
I hope all is well with you and your family.
Why was McGhee the choice for the pitch hit?
Come on RR.
I also called them my sweeties and I haven't lived that down and it's been probably 25 years ago.
: been MIA!!
Sup..been  Loca Luna how u been?
idk!
But that needs to change!!
and about how to sneak out of peyote ceremonies...
Popsicle time :p
I'm voting for the Patriots to win the presidency
Just a reminder  we're open as normal tomorrow from 104, and will be closed on Sun./Mon.
Have a safe and fun holiday weekend!
Eerily calm in N.
Fort Worth...
Omg I'm soo effin full..
Geez!
I hope you all had a wonderful yet safe Easter ladies  gents!
xoxo
Library Collections for Teens, NealSchuman's first copublication with VOYA, will be released later this month!
Betty I love you.
raw10 Female reports n the Men locker rm, what do they expect 2 happen?
Let me report n the Women loc rm and watch what Happens.
Go Sparks!
Uhhhhhhghhh, m.
I have a Melting potbelly!
Sometimes I wish I were a little kid again, skinned knees are easier to fix than broken hearts.
Did I really just have a chance to meet selena gomez and couldnt???
Don't forget!
free webinar tomorrow, 2PM ET!
Learn to use video to hire the right people!
A must attend for recruiters 
Excited though to start at American University in the fall, where I'll be teaching revolutionary america and early republic!
: here we go with u being a bitch again..
Just realized I live right by the old Jillian's.
There were some good shows there back in the day!
ANYONE ELSE DOING THE STEVE BURTON 90 DAY CHALLENGE?
I NEED IT!
Text me
IKR!?
I want to watch his interview today but i dunno.
He isnt helping at all
stop being brainwashed, know your facts, and think for yourself.
: is robvic russian nope he's black
I'm sufficiently creeped out because I think you're right.
Hi, we're a new church in your areas.
Exciting  loving.
Check us out  follow back  our pastor
waiting until you do less travelling .
.
.
seems counterintuitive
Retweet re Arroyo's arraignment with Mikey Arroyo image is like bad omen.
Kelangan ko na umuwi at magpabadlis
and place your hand on your hip.
Responsibility is the price of freedom.
Elbert Hubbard.
Bendiciones, I hope you guys do great!
Ur playn hard to get but oh if I getcha ur mine!
Thank you Catia Mota Da Cruz, cast from Fela!
on Broadway, for conducting an exhilarating masterclass for our 9th grade dancers!
I am now a second year law student!
Off to Chile for the summer!
It is the result of their deliberate actions, long persevered in, which they hold to be motivated by high ideals toward virtuous ends.
Irish actually.
Now he's on Game of Thrones.
this is the greatist thing that could happen to the salsa industry.
keep up the good work bobby.GODBless.
Mangled SocialistNews Broadcasting Co.
breaks journalistic mold by creating ALTERNATE REALITY
Tat my name on you girl do I know it's real but I know that already
I'm tired
I gotta hit up the crew.
Maybe Monday night tho.
What type of workouts do you like to do?
SportsRadio RT the air with us right now.
Great guy!!
It's official.
has the best taste in guys.
HOTTIE OF THE WEEK 53
Thankyou
momma telling me this , like I care
Hubert Selby Jr documentary wasn't all that.
Maybe I'm in a mood.
Let's try Bukowski.
Thanksgiving upon us...
Great time of the year to stop and reflect....
What are you thankful for?
The repetition give the statement a talking points feel.
thank you :
hey mike...watched ur interview on piers morgan...ur a real sweet guy and an awsome family man...stay up bro, be well
any plans for a full album coming to stores or itunes anytime soon?
yeah buddy!
Awkward hugs everyday!:
Marc Gasol always has this look on his face like Ugh...if only my name was Pau...
good to hear the Jobs legacy will live on RT A Look at Apple's Handling of Customer Emails as Tim Cook Takes Charge
thanks for the mention Scott!
Have a great weekend!
Most polarizing show on TV, I tend to agree with you.
Have you seen Veep?
It's fantastic
Damn seriously i never met a female so thristy like damn
Getting hit on in Wal Mart.
Nothin better.
Hey!
Thanks for letting me take your ride for a spin!
We keep getting kicked out of the room, so there's nothing better to do!
:
I'm 23 years old  I'm speaking out about bullying, antigay harassment, and the silencing of the families and kids all around the USA.
that song is so damn good, you never fail me in your surpeme taste
have to watch this when I get home.
Enjoy!
I always heard that was possible, but discussions stalled at the question of managing spare hardware
Not having a Cleveland team in the playoffs is so frustrating because I don't root for any other teams.
We share something so common Still so rare, uncommon all Never been here before
My phone isnt working my touch screen isn't working
any idea why ddot emergency crews have a sb lane of 16th bt U and T blocked to traffic?
S/O to happy birthday bro!
Together since 1st grade!
My boy
myperfectmorning sitting in the garden in the sunshine having a lovely breakfast and a cuppa
I'll go with you...
You need a sponsor.
I'll be there every step of the way!!
ohh okay cool.
Lol I'm from irvine :D
I wish more VCs and startups viewed it this way.
So many lose out by hiring potential or from their network vs performers.
Hey any contact info for austin artists who want to participate in HDYD?
Want to spend lotso money?
Paxton Chophouse is THE BEST.
RT : lookin for the best steakhouse in Omaha, any suggestions?
HELLO Mitt
Happy New Year!
: 2012 I start up more college adventures!!
:
Let's go Cano.
Make up for that tag out
live and learn
nothing from yourself...
Oohhh Blakey I'm jealous!!
Have so much fun I will be praying for you!!
I wanna be a YouTube partner.
Your Smile is priceless TIV2 : 3 see what I did there :
I talk a whole lotta shit about track.
Honestly, I loved it.
Deep inside though..lol
this would be a good quote.
Good job, keep it real.
Agreed!
Perfectly timed considering all that's going on right now over here.
American Puritanism can be so intolerant!
:
Sure enough the Dow is down 41 points in early trading.
Since global effects and perception trump all else, the outcome is volatility.
Sell digital content you create!
Make money from the content you create!
Upload your music creations, ebooks, videos, there is not limit.
I will be waiting for my cupcake tomorrow morning!
Aww, that will be exciting!
that shit was fire fo'real!!!
I had to post your vid on FB!
I missed twitter3
Wow.
So if you are full time you have to work every weekend?
or on weekends?
stay away from Twitter in ten minutes!
Glee's coming on back east!
cant wait till u get bac to make first take what it is
Who the fuck is this wannabe, Jeremy Kyle?
Kids these days have it easy.
Don't blame the mother, her kids are bastards!
Spent my morning at City Hall meeting with new Council Members.
Am impressed with them and their staffs.
Almost rode to work today.
Almost.
I hope you feel better soon!
ight hit me when u touch ground
Is Bardstown still banned from going to that one museum in DC?
haha, I know, it's been a long week lol
Trying to do this thing called sleep but it's not working.
Been over exercising, legs  butt feel so tight.
Can really use a body massage.
you should feel proud, you're one of the select few whose tweets i have sent to my phone!
Alrighty, back to the grind w/the help of a little caffeine.
new blog posts to come so stay tuned!
I've been good Chris::!
Been ATL for a hot sec now!
s/o to all the absentee dads out there.
i see you.
sarcasm
We are pumped and ready for the game tonight...are you?!
Less go CATS!
When did it play?
Come out to our show on the 16th at Showbox Market!
We have tickets for 10 if you are interested!
The first day back to the grind after 8 days in Puerto Vallarta was a rough one.
Can I get a glass of wine?
My dinners is on and halfway done....
Ladies if your dinner ain't done by 3:30 you won't be able to keep a
Haha me:marry me?
bob:I'm!!
: Side note...
The Avengers comes out next Friday!!!!
WOOT!!
he said he dont care
Thank you, Matt!
hey Danny!
It's my birthday!
:D
He's the best!!!
my life is last minute
surfing.
awww yeah.
Why are four way stops so confusing for people?
6pm would work for me :
Bare feet?
RT : If I don't have a sole, what would I have instead?
have funn we love u :
then I take it we will cya in NYC Deb?
:
Great read.
In What Other professorssion....
hey thanks to everyone who put us over 1,000 likes.
it's a cool milestone.
really appreciate the support.
Bay Area no longer among 25 mostpolluted regions  San Francisco Chronicle
Hey man Im a christian guy and 1st I wanna ask if you can follow me?
2nd I want you to know that I will be praying for you!
When you really fuck wit sumbody or love a person , Its hard watching sumbody else be with them cuz you feel like you the only one 4 them'
Those feelings you have for yur ex 
should be watching the NFL doctorft if you ever want to outperform in fantasy leagues.
Rnd 67 where champions are born!
I'm trying to figure out who my parents' hot neighbor is, and if he'd need a cup of sugar.
And by cup of sugar, I mean blowjob.
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button.
coming soon at inkedibles
You're welcome!
I always appreciate a good read about social media.
where are y'all??
yay!
Only 10 hours left!
29 unlimited tanning, workout  3 personal training sessions!
Dear bed, I'm Really sorry I left you, I don't know what I was thinking, Please take me back
Its all good though
stop hitting woman
What's the soup today?!
around 4pm mountain time.I'm in Tucson.
Some great followers from this week:the
anytime man.
o what are we waiting for?
Thank you!
RT : That's so awesome!
So proud of everyone there.
You are all amazing!
something into that stmt that something is missing.
Seems like lot of NHLers have families, not just DA
Aint no woman like the one i got
Movies with joys 3
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage
The only possible exceptions would be chicken, hot peppers, or dill pickles.
That shit is delicious.
Same for me and eating bacon.
Lots and lots of bacon.
im nit against it what ever gets Him out Of My division so we can win more lol
Wreck this app is fun as hell.
princeton is taken so dont trip
that's a great homegrown.
good turnout?
Just read that Will Smith  Jada Pinkett Smith are starring in a new Swiss Family Robinson.
Does anybody else see the irony in this?
: RT this tweet and will send 50 to help kids in foster care.
TreatItFwd
Love my new beats by doctor
Ahh.
I wish I could watch it here in the States darn it!
We'll have to catch you next time then :
Buddy Biancalana.
RT : One of sports' most fun names: Joe DeLamielleure.
Which are your favorite names to say?
Reason 93829 Why I Love IT My coworker brought homemade baklava as a treat.
There is no other field as diverse as Information Technology.
Never would have thought someone like a Tiger Woods would need to send an Inside/Out Three Squares Greetings card.
as well, Im sure Im guilty of esteeming my own opinions.
have a great nite
yes please!!
this past semester: 812/credit hour.
ireallywant the Golden Carp to bless me tomorrow.
does anyone actually retire anyway?
you used to be hilarious until you started tweeting twice a minute!
has anyone ever seen someone dismount one of those extra tall bikes?
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at Murray Lampert Construction.
nope.
Like chubbs said it's all in the teeth
Just tell her Castle!!
Hate to say it, but kansas is embarrassing themselves now.
Stick in there, maybe it'll turn around.
yeah ik :/ it blows
Sign up to be part of our community on our website wildcanyongames.org and receive monthly enewsletters!
Good evening Nation...
how is everyone doing?
Haha no, it's considered a social science, which is part of our core curriculum of classes we have to take.
It sucked.
I'm taking this year off from most conferences...
Next year!
Offseason relapse won't help...
About to go live on Talk Shoe radio to deliver healing messages....join us at 5pm CST
Thanks for the RT!
Really appreciate that!
Happy Birthday to my mom in law Kathryn!
It's your birthday, It's your birthday!!!!!!
all right men, let's roll  HCBS
Good Morning
All I need is a carmel frappé!!
is that too much to ask for!????
Just because you are not part of the change, it doesn't mean it's not happening!
Learn something completely new this week.
I bet it's really a treat when all your hard writing work gets an eyecatching  beautiful cover.
I'm looking forward 2 reading it.
its really not exciting, and if it was, of course, you'd be invited.
it wouldnt be a party without you lol!
it just gets better and better!
:P x
I got pulled over for no reason then the cop noticed I had people in my car and I wasn't supposed to.
Then he asked if I knew my limitati...
Quick!
While the Royals are gone, someone sage the shit out of The K.
Best By date on anchovies.
Follow or forget it?
Fish open limps utg, I 3x A10s...
He calls flop 105x two diamonds, we get it in he has 55....
Busto
U shouldoctorally go follow
Thanks for the photo !
LOVES Silverman's Farm in Easton, CT!
Time to find the HOTEL gym!!!!
Fashion and Fitness go hand in hand
Good tax planning means that a company takes the past sales performance of their products and/or services into account.
I actually find it to be senior staff afraid of lack of control when it comes to the web.
Well, I can't say I'm surprised.
Especially since I'm burning in the volcano.
Lots of dancing plus good friends minus boy doctorma  the happiest version of myself
; I've been a huge Ira Glass fan, for a very long time.
HELLO tweetsters!
Tell me something GOOD!
ok I will try I'm ariana grande soldier for life :D
thanks very much
Well, I had cataract surgery today and, as one who has had sub standard vision all my life It is MAGIC!
popculture peeps!
Holla at your girl.
Tweet and follow PopSouth!
Not tonight!
RT : A productive day starts with a good night's sleep.
I bet this chinese lady wanna slap my ass but that hoe better get it rite....
Prolly one of my realist loves ever is u.
The party scene is not my scene.
I never enjoy clubs or parties.
Senator tony avella on 's line item vetoes...There is a difference between governing and bullying.
What was the funniest or worst thing that has happened to you on a date?
Prelininary filming starts tomorrow night on Candor.
Dinner last night with cast and crew at Blue Fin a blast.
At we've seen varying levels of success with panels.
Some patrons find value  some don't
agreed, can't say enough about him...very happy he got the year back and we get the priv of seeing him play another season!
If the girls were here...
I would plug that singstar back in!
I LOVE TAKE THAT I DO!
Looking forward to the show this weekend...thing is even w/o some of the facts, it's a horrific story
: continues to stress that private interests should not have say in how public   taxes spent.
A taste of ur own medicine
What is the one word you use almost every day?
sharktank makes the week so much better.
It renews my optimism being an entrepreneur!!
My little girl said where is all the fans follow she follows back even tho she use my tweet account
Don't forget our ping pong table  Recombobulation Areas.
: And we like to thing of ourselves as unique!
Happy Travels!
Arya has to be careful...
Meet in west virgina
Panicing.
I need to vent to someone.
Finally home!
So much traffic
Finished another project todayhung framed photos of the seasons/environments I miss most from CT.
I'm on project fire!
lol not me
I'm at Digitour2012 w/  THIS IS GOING TO BE AWESOME!!!!!
See closing list.
Most are not lengthy doctorves at all MT but in hinterlands ...
you will force some into quite lengthy doctorves
I got my account suspended due to uneven followers vs.
following.
How come Ashton Kutcher hasn't had his suspended for this same reason!
I know!
There is no way to write it that doesn't seem like a humblebrag.
So awkward even to think about it.
your so welcome tori :
MOM:what do you want for your birthday???ME: the ICONic Boyz!!!MOM:Im sorry but im afraid thats not possible
sorry Kyle I still believe you can take it all!
Don't give up.
Do it now for urselves and doctorSE!
I know yall can!
RT : Pride Parade in Toronto.
Gonna go hand out infor.
for people to get tested for HIV with
where did you get the Seymour Herold
i love you!!
doctorp them some knowledge on them on how to win a BCS bowl game.
We gotta end the streak!
When I need someone to talk to,everyone's asleep/:
Morning run and gym session.
Delirium looking for extras.
Tomorrow morning Downtown LA, paying 50 bucks cash and food.
Message me!
is feeling obligated to post things because so many people are following me on Twitter now.
Why!?!?
hahaha
Climate is changing; burning oil and other fossil fuels is increasing temperatures with far reaching impacts
Christmas  the only day of the year when it is acceptable to start doctornking at 9am.
How awesome is it that things we talk about in class ACTUALLY come up in real life?!
Grad school IS useful/applicable!
I'm so hungry..
I could eat a horse
Toliver, no female pronoun in original, I added it because I can  so should you; American duty to rework language  remove binaries
Hey , Jamaican Me Crazy up in here at lunch!
Yahoo!
Got literally no sleep last night.
Too many thoughts running through my mind...
:/ this sucks...
waiting for my tushie girl to get here.
Same goes for the pretty women.
RT How does an ugly woman keep a good man?
Copious amounts of head.
Lifetime tonight everyone go!
so happy to have been at GPB for opening night!
you and your cast were amazing!
Oh, hey php.
I'm learning slowly, but surely.
Teenzone is tongiht : like 5 or 4 more hours .
I dont wanna do the math, im already in it now .
c:
I hate being that option that doesn't get chose.
Listening to NPR on the ride home to catch this:...
Thanks for that, I didn't have Einar anywhere in my notes
all that matters is that one person who would do everything to be with u
Love IT!!
Tragic news about Holbrooke.
A huge loss for America and the world.
Why do they call twitter ; twitter ?
And why do they call facebook ; facebook ?
Those are weird names .
: Now I'm just saying stupid shit
my nickname only applies here if one of the walls accidentally caves in during this party or if I fall and break my neck :
3:30 in the morning.
I'm talking to my cat in a Mafia Voice Okay, I make you a deal a little cat food now, a little later.
hahaha
RT : D2L11 Binder: We get old when we stop playing childoctorn's games.
When i cry in front of someone i'm REALLY upset...i do not let people see or hear me cry
School then Queens Center mall
other than an occasional trip to Duluth or the BWCA, how much time does Sen.
Franken spend in MN8?
RT : what chu talkin about?
That beautiful body u have
Through the course of history marriage has been used for alliances, power, wealth, etc.
I don't think God entered in those equations.
pssshh I'm sorry but there is no bigger Tribegirl than
Looking forward to playing a private acoustic gig at tomorrow.
Consider the postage stamp: its usefulness consists in the ability to stick to one thing till it gets there.
Josh Billings
the more we love, the more it multiplies
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
Franklin D Roosevelt
Nina writes another deeply sad song from her grave
SAVANNAH!
YOU WANT ME TO HUG RANDOM STRANGERS, BUT YOU WONT COME TO A BASEBALL GAME WITH!?
GET YOUR BUTT UP AND COME!
You know, you have to follow someone back to be considered twitter friends!
According to my Garmin watch it is possible to put in more than 100 well HR anyways.
Loving tracking my rides
Tweeting in the subway???
Congress: Without afterschool programs what would poor kids do?
Perhaps fall through the cracks?
Jerry
Hand cramp.
Too many flash cards for finals.
can you please follow me ?
i am your biggest fan ?
3
Sending my luv 2 2 Year Anniversary!
Thank u 4 providing a platform 4 me 2 showcase my music!
Hate I missed the celebration 
Bathrooms at the forum equal a sauna full of piss.
..
And even Stevens..
Am I forgetting any?
Thank You for the love!
RT : Thanks for the 'Tweet Love'!
IDK TEL ME!
Why would you pitch to Lucroy?
Saturday, you make my heart smile so bright it feels like it may just be radiating happiness.
:
and one chapter can be: how to say the exact right thing at the exact right time.
every time.
Travis: Students' strange, funny answers to questions  Covington News
Would you like to make some easy money???
Avon is the way to go!
Message me to get you started.
The humble suffer when the mighty disagree.
Are you a school in the New York City area using TriCaster?
I may have a press interview for you!
Send me Direct Message!
FF13 lovely Jasonette She knows the way to a killer's heart is through his mask holes.
thanks for coming to our Tweetup last year!
There's something planned for iste11, but Kari won't tell me yet!
Follow this girl  ....
she's amazing, check her videos!!
followbackteam :
Manila Millions Super High Roller 2012: Biggest BuyIn Ever at HKD1,000,000
text me lol ;
you can't force a tweet
RE: cheating online; I'll never understand those writing off online ed over cheating, esp.
since it occurs in F2F, too.
Time to check out again, can't work all night you know.
well yet I could but na.
I want to be bright eye'd and bushy tailed tomorrow.
Sowee but I got poptarts and coffee a little bit ago and I barely have 2 pages written
I wonder if i take you home would you still be in love baby because i need you tonight
Eczema.
Around my eyes.
Jealous?
what ticks me off??
women who pee on the toilet seat!
stop it !!!!
JUST CONFIRMED: Ranger Danger opening up for THE DOLLYROTS on March 4th at The Summit!
More details coming very soon!
Rolling Deep 3
how funny if lebron gets hit with a piss bottle tonight while missing the game winning shot and maybe a slightly twisted ankle to boot
It's Breakfast Taco Thursday!
We're ready to fill your tortillas with Chorizo  Egg, a little cheese, and a dash of salsa this morning!!
I would like to add the words Warrior Caged Fury and Glory to the title please.
Bro like im so serious when i say No1 including myself didnt know about foams..I like em bcuz of the history Now evry1 want em
Ugly people should save up for plastic surgery.
It looks BEAUTIFUL!
Where in Mexico is that!?
Enjoy!
First 730 class for the next 4 weeks........meh
Exhausted Annie rehearsals every night this week for four hours.
Friday a night first show then two on Saturday.
I'm Annie in Annie jr
I'm having a hard time keeping up with all of your sweet wishes.
Thank you, I'll find a way to repay you all w/freshly baked coffee cake.
Dismembered With Childoctorn.
Making a packing list for California so I'm garanteed to remember everything
I am so addicted.
Great weekend in Denver and fun to see my man do work today.
Red eye back to DC in a bit.
Arranged/wrote another handbell piece for my adult group.
And to think I felt bad when I heard Tami had a heart attack.
Uhh...
I'm not surprised.
This heifer is psycho.
Ever considered yard crashing internationally?
My mom loves your show and she doctorams about you crashing her yard in Aruba .
I am thinking about getting a BMW 330i Touring for a new car!
You're quite welcome.
I'm in Anaheim with no car...
Lower cross syndoctorme is a condition associated with sitting all day, which is often followed by lower back pain ask me how I can help
The vikings are way too talented to be 04 get it TOGETHER!!!!!!
the Lord is molding me to leave the past where it is...
it's just as bad when they are yelling and jumping all over you.
It's only easy when they are gone for the day.
hahahahaha how are u
Anything in particular keeping you awake?
If not, tea and a boring movie.
;
There was definitely sand in my running shoes when I put them on this morning.
A little token of San Diego in DC  also reminder 2 run more.
just watached Cars for like the 100th time : such a cute movie.
i loved the ending scene, with the dedicatoin.
so cute.
I know the only thing that'll convince you is the rock's cooking.
:D
good nite world of twitter.com
thevoice Wonder if Christina enjoys taping her tits into stuff.
that's a tough sell....making checks cool.....really??
You two have a great time together today!
:
in so many words yes.
Haha Yanks win.
Talk to you tomorrow brew.
is a great organization.
twattering to you live from club
Louis surprised Eleanor before she went in to her exam by popping out before she walked in to begin the test.
It's the imperfections in life that make it perfect.
Having good news the same day your best friend has bad news
lets just say it pays the bills lol!!
What u been up to???
Looks like another night for Anita Baker...
sonsofguns Love this show :
Everything cost more where I live...
I be mad af.
It was not just ehhhh!
It was great.
You're crazy.
Middleton girls win Monona TF Invitational for 2nd year in a row with 118 pts.
Verona 2nd with 90.
AIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE it's here and has ambushed my FB.....the doctoraded...TIME LINE....EGAD!
Lindzi didn't cry that much, maybe she's relieved she doesn't have to marry the geico caveman
I feel like it's sensible to restrict access to our web server to internaltocampus IPs.
Our Sysadmin's no dummy.
:
I held my reply til I heard story end.
By the time W got to the oatmeal it was, well, stone cold.
W was touched, but still...
when people stick pencils and shit through my tunnel
Well, I do have catching up to do!
My envy is lessened...
I Kinda Just Wanna Be Isolated,
white noise
I'm a realist with an unrealistic perspective.
Say what you want re: Madonna she looks great for her age any age!
Who cares about lip syching.
She can teach the young ones a thing or 2
What kind of shop  where is it located?
My next trip to Nashville is in July  I may want to check it out.
Please reply.
nisoEbook Paxhia astionishef that almost as many students are purchasing their books from Amazon as university book store
It's too bad a dick like Nick Saban is rewarded with a national championship.
it looks so much scarier than the first season!xx
Lightskinned dudes Finna get some play off da bulls
: Woah upstairs is a maddhouse tonight .
.
.
on now and I'm next!
Bam!
relaxing enjoying the sun trying to decided if I wanna do some work lol
Hi Monty.
Thanks for the follow.
Have a nice weekend!
It's raining A LOT up in Taos.
How So?
RT I need your talents !
In P.E.
class, there's always that one person who thinks it's the damn olympics.omfg so true!
Woody Harrelson And Forest Whitaker Join Out Of The Furnace As Production Begins From Crazy Heart director Scott Cooper.
To really anyone who has supported us from the begining, New fans or followers, thank you from the bottom of our hearts
i shoulve kissed u whn u wr right here with ne n i regreat bo doibg it now duck my life cuz i really liked u
What are u all up to?
Thanks, you too!
Loving Peaches set!!!
The crowd is so lame though!
Killing me!!
Glad you came and enjoyed the game.
Luckily the dunk show went on without a hitch this time!
Heh, I know that quote.
If you come to a fork in the road, take it.
Yogi Berra
Stuck at home while everyone is out having fun.
Dodgeball tournament was so fun!!!
what could be more more important
we are looking for a more automated process.
I am being crippled physically inside my Apt by use of device why are u allowing this to continue?
you look like you're from the future and you've been sent here to save Sarah and John Connor.
When a boy you used to talk to just becomes ugly haha.
I like maps and I like Ancient Rome.
lmao about what?
youngkidsshouldbebannedfrom sitting in front of a screen for more than two hours a day.
Get them outside and muddy!
Awk moment when ur gf farts and everyone in her house hears it
My camera phone just said I maxed out pictures.
Prob all of my dogs.
Y'all don't know me!
Who won the debate?
Cuomo.
Who did I like the best?
Jimmy McMillan.
Who will I vote for?
NOYDB!
If your band is interested in playing with Bernuda/Creations/Adaliah on Friday, April 13th  The White Rabbit reply to me!
they have so many scoring threats, Miami has 3, OKC has 3, LA has 3
mornin'!!!
RT : Good morning you two.
i don't have school today :
I had every intention of bed early tonight then my piercing fell out.
that's what I get for playing w/my ear!
1 hr l8r my ear jeweled again
Hey Lacy follow me here I Travel to Mississippi if you need some staining www.acidstainer.com
Catch em why you can cause I got mind now and had it for a while
Just coped Da Gallon of Goose fina fuck the city up one time!!!!
he must've made a new vid?
Romeo  Juliet Original Soundtrack  To You I Bestow  Mundy  1996 
This artist lifestyle is taking some getting used to.
um obviously you don't reed my tweets...
Jk
u should check out my agent legacy talent
Out of ICSTICODATA task group will be a report of a survey results  recommendations on standards needed
Get outta here bitch
every time i touch you i touch you i feel you ....
OMFG REALLY WHEN YOU TOUCH ME YOU CAN FEEL ME NO SHIITTT !
Goodness there is soo much going on around me...but you just gotta be yourself and be Happy cuz in all reality it could be worse..
Nice!
You like some brownies with your sugar?
;
Right on cue...commercial break right before make their pick.
An annual tradition.
working on the set of the movie new years eve today
He will, indeed, love Latin!
I should put you in touch with another former student, daughter of friends, similar professorle
Hey Ally, love your Twitter background image.
Where did you get it?
Something to always remember: the world is very small.
And every time you come around I forget I swore to never let you back in
A doctoram becomes a goal when action is taken toward its achievement.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
Gotta make something happen not just sit around and wait for it this place is like a prison I think I'm going to have to make a break for it
Tater tots and a mango smoothie
I have a new single for y'all this is one you definitely wanna download, enjoy!!!!
Its called Chill
Work.
Someone should visit me and bring me food!
cough cough
lots of junk still gets made.
VC's or no.
hit a HR before Pujols...
I'll be damned.
The strong rule the weak, but the wise rule the strong.
Not often as a child.
My 1st adult spanking was from a gf who saw me ogling other women's butts in a bistro.
When we got home...
They are.
PBO is aggressive/muscular to a fault IMHO.
Repubs would love to do what he has but lack competence MT : Rs weak on Securty
New school involves parents/uses inschool discipline.
'the difference in my son is huge' with passing grades, sports, friends
Watching just go with, with Jas3
Everyone can go fuck themselves.
Excited about this song :
Not gonna lie.
I miss the predictability of 8hrs with my computer.
At my desk.
At work.
This childoctoraring homemaking stuff is HARD.
9 AM and it's already 75 degrees!
HappySpring Y'all!!
Preparing for the new semester!
Recruitment meeting this week, leadership retreat next week!
SORRY FOR THE MAJOR DELAY FOLKS!!!
MOJO'S WORLD WILL BE BACK UP BY THIS COMING FRIDAY!
GUARANTEED!!!
:
MONDAY 4/16 from 68pm Success Coach, presents: The Royal Ladies SmallBusiness Incubator Launch  Pitch
tonight's finale was uhmazing!!!
This show just keeps on getting better and better.
Thank you!!!!
lmfaoo i got it at the mother daughter tea!
I'm afraid wed b found out!
Hehehehehe.
It sounds like a lot of fun to me: id b willing to take the risk:
Do any of yall know when the final project proposal is due?
how you been
JUST SIGNED 'ARTIST LP' 8 TRACKS....
DARK!!!!!
why is it important for students to be involved in SM?
thank you so much!
3
God help us all!
Have you tried our Grilled All Natural Rib Eye Steak?
If you haven't you're missing out!
omfg no she was your first :' lol was she?
:p
good stuff!
Supernova Explosion Ripped Star39;s Guts Inside Out
Retweet if u a 90s baby
Instagram : skinny jeans :: Facebook : Sweatpants
Happy anniversary!
: Have a great one.
Here's to one that'll last forever.
Cinda made us 997 members on Facebook AAUW group  getting close!
Happy Birthday Austin
life of a vet bro.
Semper Fi
I just paid 3.30 for a gallon of gas and felt good about it.
We're a brainwashed people.
Creating amazing album art...
not a quick and easy thing to do.
Taking time to remember EZ Co.'s Buck Compton, one of the Band of Brothers in the 506th Parachute Infantry Reg.
who passed last month
Yo ass is grass...
We've reached 153!
Now we need to get to 200!
Help me out here, guys.
The two people who tweet about me the most, will win something!
:D
very good!
Way to show the kid who's boss
Why do you do what you do?
Question posed to audience at museum preconference.
that's greatplease greet him for me.
I enjoyed showing him and Nancy around the Museum.
Rise  Fly
Is the one on your website good?
JLO wanted to call Puffy
You are welcome, feel free to follow us here, on our blog, and on Facebook.
I don't even know what day it is!
Is it time for 5thchat?
The horrible moment/feeling when you wake up thinking it was Saturday.
it's not.
RIP Maurice Sendak, so many great memories with my dad reading your stories, you will be missed
Sweet.
Good luck!
For 10 discount tix to Atlanta Ballet Fusion on 3/25 at Cobb Energy Performing Arts Center use code INDUSTRY thru ticketmaster.
In Frozen they're supposed to be freezing to death but you can never see their breath...
Check out my new web page www.jewallep.webstarts.com
Great takeaway from Nothing says irrelevance like begging for relevance libmade
lovin this weather today :
yea he don't!!
Yuki gets mad when I cook too
Thanks mama 3
Hope you have a wonderful time Stephani!
Electronics to be doctorg on Singapore growthcbank
I didn't
no I want u to have fun :
you can but u wont b able to hang.
I have a test that week
good choice, be prepared to be overwhelmingly busy : mostly just be prepared.
Good Luck after HS!
Surrendered...
If You Want To Stand Up; You Got To Learn How To Kneel.
Bought a copy of Are You There God?
to send to my 10 yr old niece.
Hey bud, what's your current addoctorss, Uncle Chris
it was an amazing week!
Great working with you!
BFC2012 : Repaying in kind enables people to support you, adding engagement  brand equity without needing to manage cash flow.
hey.
have you checked your tracking number?
We send tracking numbers with all purchases.
The Florida Prisons Bill will ensure the continued victimization of citizens for professort.Should be no fed or private paws in CJ
why?
:/ and I don't know hahaha and I really don't care :P
great seeing everyone too!
Love dafam, summer can't be here soon enough!
Having one child makes you a parent; having two you are a referee  David Frost Is this true in your house?
We need a piece of Grey for our new office !
I'm not a fan of facts.
You see, the facts can change, but my opinion will never change, no matter what the facts are.
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.
Phyllis Diller
My God is an awesome God, He reigns from heaven above!!!
3
FF : Thanks!
You may wish to
Wouldn't mind if they let Jansen finish the 9th...
You never what's gonna happen when and get together...
LISTEN to Within The Hour on BTR at 10:30pm!!
We'll get you some blinders.
: Using pythagorean tuning for an open 5ths/4ths rhodes part and shocked how much less phasing is occurring.
Thanks to my 2nd period gf I passed that government quiz and got the highest in the class.
SO cute!
Damn e is tall!
THINGSYOUDONTDODURINGSEX Ask about there moms
Love how every other time I request an ILL book from the , they just go ahead and buy it.
RT : Pretty amazing that we now have 9 official, statedesignated scenic bikeways!
Program only started in 2009.
Hello and Thanks for the Tweet.
nothing much just doing my schoolwork
Thanks for the RTs and happy tuesday!
Renewable Energy Development: Smaller Projects That Think Big
just a nice relaxing 10 mile run : how bout you
: what upper fam!lefttoe love the hitson top of biz
Nice to meet you.
I used to live in Savanah for 6 years or so.
My name's Zach.
just saw this.
Thanks girl :
No Buzz in my inbox.
iPhone Buzz post in continuous loop.
Google Buzz sounds great in theory.
I guess I wait, and continue tweeting.
on his new venture EXEC.
nows the best time to start a business a ton of opportunities to invent
Self made self paid
: My boyfriend means so much to me.
A nice fresh salad with all kinds of pretty colors!
I try to stay away from people who constanly bring me down, but them hoes keep coming back...
I do know the Stanchion.
In fact I spent St.
Party's Day there!
I've noticed that has been allowing pet dogs, not just dogs for the visually impaired, on the buses now.
Is this a new rule?
Been playing 600/1200 all day after busting main.
I've forgotten all about busting AK  AQ.
Is this when you try to create a new spot?

What's Up Dawg?
Going to hit the Follow button for you.
Say Hi to Lisa for me.
Come see me in Scottsdale for some golf.
If you love someone put there name in a circle because hearts can be broken but circles never end; RT
It's sad.
They don't respect anyone's privacy or believe in permission.
I find it hilarious when people think they know your life better than yourself.
The parallels between Too Big to Fail  the dodgers are eerie.
Think about it, leveraged assets, no cash and a bailout.
I always go for the most shocking and inappropriate titles.
I'm sure she'll school me, especially when it comes to feeding times.
:
Where do you find your clients?
Or do you pitch stories yourself?
me too I don't want to go home and just sit and play xbox
Chien: has a current survey out on impact of trolls on small companies innact Humanizes problems of trolls.
John James Audubon was unsuccessful for most of his life.
He was a terrible businessman.
No matter how many times he changed locations, chan
Happy New Year!!!
We hope 2012 brings you joy, good health and prosperity!
If u a RB THUG y'all not riding harder than Rayj he got niggas rapeing niggas LOL
we're hoping to come tomorrow, but if not, soon!
Glad your people got the night off!
Happy Mother's day to all the moms out there in America.
Keep up the good work
Im gonna keep up with yoi tonight my friend.
I'm all game for the Pats.
:
Let's not forget what breing a shredder is all about
File under: Irony!
Bait and switch!
Stuff what happens in VA!
I love u most
Forget the old program, eat something every 2 hours or so ...
Your WeightLoss Coach
Favre to testify in suit over his racy texts
im thinking of a name that always makes us laugh.
.
.
Love of mine, someday you will die; but I'll be close behind.
I'll follow you into the dark.
Filming new season of
meeting students with a boat, monkey, car, broom, etc avatar on Come on, choose a human body and help me not laugh:
They can  it's called a messenger bag.
Grinding like there is no tomorrow...NO DAYS OFF until memorial wkend that is....LoLz
now you're just somebody that I use to know.
I was actually thinking luz should come visit all of us.
you know, lunchroom hijinks.
TenFactsAboutMe 9 erm..
I want curly hair, but its never gonna happen
Same as U u know uur icon looks cute!
8
why do u do this to me!
U look hot and tan!
hello who wants to deliver me chicken n00ds soup please and thank you
The science of today is the technology of tomorrow.
MarchMadness at the KFC Yum!
Center  what a great arena name.
I didn't know that Green Exchange was you guys.
Wonder if knows that.
IF I HAD 1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:6
That's quite the nice collection you got there!
Met 2day, wht a fab lady  entrepreneur she is!
Doing awesome work to help busy professor women release dead weight of all kinds.
I wonder what Barbara Walters is doing.
Right now.
This very moment.
I think Spence needs to lead stretching exercises every morning at !
Need to get my DownwardDog on!
that would be soccer creeping in your head, don't fight it let it take the spot...its okay
The thing I don't understand about Phil Mushnick's full JayZ treatment column is that the logo JayZ designed is pretty classy.
hmm reading the tribune and discovered the new britney song!
not a bad way to start the day.
I just realized I can write my own style language with LESS.
CSS, it's been fun, but not real fun.
..wait, did I just screw that up?
no prob doctornks on me Lol
Thanks thanks.
Hoping this will be first of many shows this year.
HCG Quote!
Every vice has its excuse ready.
Publilius Syrus
I still watch that shit .
I can not stop thinking in a british accent today.
I'm even typing this in the accent
Something about the name Jesus!
okay, so you see when he's in the car with me he'll tweet while doctorving but he couldn't reply to you cuz he was doctorving
n'aww RT : Happiest of Birthdays to Ms.
!
Hope you have a great day!
Now happily accepting donations and volunteers...
Let's get it started in here!
www.LaneForCongress.com
Perfect, what should I do?
Omar Sosa SF.
Omar is like no other...visionary!
Oh my fucking RT : Cannes Trade news: Isabelle Huppert in David Gordon Green's Suspiria remake.
Well since I don't have to wake up SO early tomorrow, I'll watch the stream :
I'm failing math right now  I have so much English homework it's ridiculous.
But where am I?
Shopping.
whynot 
Happy Monday everyone!
Double by Tulowitzki brings in 2 for the Rockies.
Someone needs to teach AJ Ellis how to block the plate.
LA 1 COL 3
Football is violence and cold weather and sex and college rye.Roger Kahn
I saw her on TV.
She's trying to get the network on its feet.
Says she made a mistake launching it while still on TV.
CONGRATS to you and Cristina you are certainly blessed!
I think my dentist told me I couldn't eat for an hour just to spite me.
I wish more people recognized the importance of PEG channels in providing locally relevant content and preserving regional history.
Gary Harris just Posterized 2 dudes on a mean crossover in the lane!!!
Call me maybe, and
It's almost impossible not to blast country music with your windows down in this weather :
miss u too babe.
see u in a few weeks
Warming while waiting for to show up in !
Ughh its super hot in the valley
I look more like  Run your shit Berlin in that pic
New preproduction song up on Facebook/Reverbnation!
The song is called NonLocality!
My Mom said when her stories go off, then she's going to play the Wii with me.
:/// Eff them stories!
Lets play!!
I love neu's pharmacy on west Lynn.
RT if I am NOT following you so I can follow you, must be following my friend  .
I get on th El and see
i wish i could go to the lock in :
I feel like I've lost connection with my best friend..
Working with some great editors using TWITTER everyday.
People like ...
that's how to grow subscribers!
Oh, I want to see that!!!!
Chef Geoff's in Tysonsit was the five hour braised pork shank.
Congratulations to Adoctorenne Custer for winning a pair of tickets to see tonight at !
See you tonight!
The content of your show sort of overshadows your sort of, habit.
: Thank you Jesus!
For what?
EVERYTHING!
RH8
yes why?
What what Premier show!
Yeah'boy!!!!
i think you look gud whith ur braces on:
Its cool, sun still shining
Down goes Ohio State!
I love ya too and I am now that I am feeling better and my mom is not mad about directv anymore.
:
Thank you.
Eat as close to the source as possible  the further down the processing line, the less nutritional value you get from food.
Does anyone else feel a shift in energy today?
2012?
Yeah, I'm just not into Alabama Shakes.
I've tried, Twatterverse, I've tried.
Carroll: copyright does not protect factual data  in public domain.
someone in baltimore won the jackpot?
they could literally buy baltimore and still have a little something something left over.
Bloody Brunch hearts :
U a hater
How about they all should stay out of each others buisness
My nigga ike like wtf is up wit these wigs
i rec prairie doctorsses...
LOL, there are some shows that i commit to watching but don't really love them.
not many, but this seems to be one right now.
u bettr follow me b4 i wup u
we would still beat east tho.
we would have Travis dunkin on u ahha
JingleInJuly TOMORROW!!
24PM !!
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas!
realyl?the first lady underfire for a trip to spain?
omg!!
the american people.....is it a big deal or not?
if a big deal, why????
mythoughtsatschool can this bitch get any dumber stuck why is she in all my classes?
REAL TALK.
Are y'all ready for the chance to win a John Deere from Smith Tractor Company and BonfireJam?
Yeehaw!
The last episode of californication seemed a lot more like a series finale than a season finale...
Why is red your favorite color?
I just used my HTML skills to make a link on my tumblr blog/resume and rejoiced outloud when it worked!!!
I'll pass it along!
Thanks!
And glad we'll see you at PDXCSTS2012!
What are your Passions in media studies?
What do you concentrate most on?
Rock and Cucumber  square one cucumber vodka / rock saké junmai daiginjo / fresh lime juice
and Im still up
Likewise!
Have fun at the Food  Wine Fest this weekend.
:
The best thing I could have done is follow !
I never saw him on any lists, so I emailed Hefty on a wim just to see and never got a response so I figured that was a no, but bam
I'm happy for Andoctor Iguodala.
He is soo unselfish.
Follow the conversation from our panel today at
RT : So, last question wildcard.
Q4: What are you doing w/ your Megamillions winnings?
:
bahaha no worries girl, I feel ya on that one!!
WMYB on my Justin Bieber radio on Pandora.
Cool.
Welcome new followers , , !
I want to be doctorw berrymoore.
Is your mom as sweet as our Original Glazed Doughnuts?
Bring her into Krispy Kreme and get a free cup of coffee 2morrow.
Happy Mother's Day!
Every time i hear that song i go back
I'm Batman You're Robin, End Of.
Hammond continuity is an issue for us.
Don't know what's going to happen.
What American Co needs a perfect song for their Next Campaign Strategy ?
What I Love About America  see Video at www.rickeyleewatson.com
I'm watching Tangled on Netflix on a Saturday Night.
This is very upsetting.
ThingsThatShould Be Banned
Wish i was going to the Bruins game
I rooted my phone and now have wifi tethering, openvpn, and real linux action
had me cryin...
Kudos to and for stepping up and fixing my shopping experience.
I voted for him!!
The DWP just phonedmore than nine hours after this morning's electrical failure endedto inform us that our lights are back on.
Ross is a leader on foot patrols, police reform and reentry.
He's the man for the job.
Go to www.rossforsheriff.org.
okay thank you :
Culinary Crossroads runs until May 25 w/ delicious items like Serrano Ham and Melon Salad, Shrimp and Fava Beans  Weiner Schnitzel
Me to!
Don't be ashamed of who you are , cause some where some how there is someone wishing they were you .
Nothing tops the experience of writhing in pain to remind you what a helpless little loser you really are
gorgeous!
the colors are great!
i LOVE nude  neutral shoes.
you can wear them with anything!
:
Is twitter one of the signs of the apocalypse??
hes.not okay.
Sorry for
Made a wardoctorbe run for a project, then scouted a location for another project.
At the last stop, then back to paperwork.
ah que legal!!
:D de nada amister :D
Shorter Team Obama: That CBS/NYT poll is biased ...
because ...
well, because we say it is!
Worked with your buddy on a film and she raved about you.
Here's to your continued success in 2012!
Idk it starts at 6.
You went to football games last year.
Can't beloved my teacher acctualy told the Guy I like I have a crush on him the other day ugh!!
Followed by
I hope that if I'm ever breathing heavily into the mic during a conference call, someone will find a way tactfully to let me know.
lovin lotusflowerbomb what was you inspiration for that song?
Tonight, I'll be at South Arm Community Center from 78pm, IN COSTUME!
Come out to this safe fireworks display.
i wish a nigga would put his hands on me, don't think I'm one of these dumb btches that's gone allow it, i fight back idc who you is.
Dear PR professorssionalsSunday afternoons are great for newsworthy events...I know everyone competes for Sat AM, but Sunday is where its at.
Reach U Network Inc.
CEO Christopher Edwards 2012 Host for H.O.P.E.
Inc.'s 19th Annual Fair Housing Month Celebration

Do you EVER answer any of your messages?
I've been trying to reach you.......
People hate Lebron because he didn't pick the Bulls  now the Bulls have no one !
:O
Today.
I.
Will.
Book.
Booyahhhhhhh
hey grl!
hope ur doing well
thinkin bout past relationships n niggas i fucked with.
wtf was i thinkin!
lol glad i finally found my 1 n only....
love u
Why do I doctornk, well it all started 6 years ago.....
Sounds like a good story huh.
No repeat Snowmageddon 2012 experience for me thanks!
Not today at least.
Please don't tell me that I'm doctoraming.
SCOOTING LIKE THE LIGHTNING
RT : There's a reason far more of my friends in UK run their own businesses than friends in US: having healthcare.
Sorry, which one is Turd Blossom again?
Can't keep them all straight.
:
This makes me sad.
I swear I'm nice in real life.
Klouchebag score for : 50  bit of a douchebag
Haha Already picked them up.
I love eavesdoctorpping on when he's being interviewed by students.
It's always interesting.
Been to the batting cages two days straight and my batting skills improve tremendously.
I'm sure it's because of the derby.
Or magic.
Go to www.reshapethenation.com, get a professorle, and join our community!!
Interact with fellow reshapers and motivate each other!
Many of us spend half our time wishing for things we could have if we didn't spend half our time wishing.
Alexander Woollcott, Cri ...
Claudia: your legs are disgusting .
Me: your face is disgusting .
Bahaha
yay!!
Thank you!!
no,no,no.
Kentucky plays at 945.
Let's chill at my house and watch the game.
All this college bball is so intense.

Your a hypocrite.
enough said !!!!
I might quit using twitter till the end of the season of or till I get cable.
your pension reform is illegal!
!!!!
Arkansas' defense has been unstoppable in the second half.
Buckeyes are looking nervous.
March is Nutrition Month.
What is one thing you can do to add better nutrition to your lifestyle?
Anyone test out the new CS6 beta?
Have a good fire going.
Trying to use my wood, way behind this winter with the warm weather!
Thinking about and playing with sounds of 70s futurism: analog synths, Laurie Anderson.
Thanks for the support!
That moment when you wait for a text, but then you realize you're the one who didn't reply.
See a bitch from another school holding a lax stick give them the death look
GroupTravel throughout Florida and Abroad!
you should talk to  email me at we can meet u
haha I like this
hahaha it's so hard on my iPhone..just don't judge me!
Giggle all you want because I am lol
that was from She keeps accidentally tweeting from my account on her phone.

Tuesday we announce a new website that allows activeduty and vets to come out on video or in writing.
We'd love your help.
hey I meant to say sorry I couldn't make it I had to work his was it?
How is your new place?
Spilled coffee on my newly doctor cleaned blazer, got caught in the rain,  passed a black cat in the alley
Somethin is missing...
Where are you taking Mom this weekend?
Go to: or
RT : If O was as intelligent as his flock deems him2b He wld understand majority of we the ppl R against the obama effect
The 4Th Annual MLK Day Youth ParadeHouston Is Now Accepting Online Registrations..For More Information Log Onto www.mlkgrandeparade.org
Good luck, Coach!
RT Game 2 against colo st.
berth in the finals on the line.
Wanna to get more followers my friends?
Come on, follow me, I will follow you back right away.
Lets enjoy tweeting and share ideas freely.
Minimum 40,000 a year to incarcerate someone regardless of what they did.
The highest prison population in the world.
Land of the Free?
my version of hiphop is strictly punk rock.
say what you want, basement recording type shit.
fuck yer polished nonsense.
Racks by YC is the
I'm even later lol nthn been chillin how u been
No pain ; No gain
IF ONLY YOU'D SEE WHAT I CAN SEE YOU'D UNDERSTAND WHY I WANT YOU SO DESPERATELY
AYO FOREAL TRAILERS ARE BECOMING SPOILERS ENOUGH
Congratulations!
They're lucky to have you!
He can get all that in the Big Apple..
you should regard us as you amen section.
i alwayys forget my homework in school...
Celebrating my client  got below his goal weight and now makes healthy eating a priority!
He looks and feels great!!!
congratulations on joining  a team!
PSI just bought my dad an HP comp for his bday
Sunday funnies  www.freekshowradio.com Listen  Laugh!
It still amazes me how the Dolan's don't invest in their team.
Gilbert clearly showed how it could pay off
I love my busy Friday, feels like I don't have even one minute break, oh, almost, I do have one now!
Yep, just found that  deleting  thanks!
does that change what you order?
Sick shot by a great photographer
Salon owners, you need to be hitting your clients from several different angles to keep you on the forefront of their minds.
God u r such a fucking pussy Ovie I swear.
We are goona chant you out of the fucking Stadium on saturday u little bitch
Happy Friday Everyone!
Maybe I'll go see The Rum Diaries this weekend!
researching the car bailout..
does anyone know the terms of the auto bailout?
: This battle belongs to the Lord.
He does not lose, ever, irrespective of the odds!.
girl it took me a half hour to figure what ily meant!
Love you too!
Ray Allen to the HEAT?
What?
Hi JaysonThank you for following me which allowed me to follow you  find your quotes!
There are no accidents.
I'll be checking in a lot!
2125 in the same section we did in class, its the advertisements
I can see that.
There is no regulation here for a commercial kitchen that I know of.
cc;
: Never let a fool kiss you.
Or a kiss fool you.
thrilled by AWC's bbrunch11!
amazing women celebrating each other.
and everyone looks like easter eggs!!!
Then I wiped it off.
Then my sister took a shower, and the mirror steamed, and the soaped places said...
yeah they never haver a top recruiting class though.
Its a shame
RumorHasItThat you owe me a doctornk
don't go there again.
Don't you DARE make me cry again.
why not?
this by far is the greatest tweet in the history of tweeting
nowplaying international players anthem 
Great closing!
Wonderful play.
Hey guys, please don't open the bad blog message.
It's spam!
We were hacked but hopefully we fixed it.
Again do NOT read it!!!
Baby feels like s/he is trying to bust thru my skin!
TMI, sorry, but his/her head is still up making mommy's tummy very sore.
RT : Getting very nerdy over here at , discussing the best nerd board games and their virtues / faults.
I just said a pretty bitchy reply to chris aw 
i love you more; 3 you should RT it this time?: hehe
We are excited to announce that Seasons 52's 23rd restaurant will be opening in Santa Monica, CA during fall 2012!
so you'll be gone for about 3 days?
I THINK NOT!
Have a happy hump day everybody!
Ok, I'm following my friends but they not following me, I'll give'm a week b4 I delete.
Omg.
You're perfect.
That's my favorite Disney movie next to lion king.
Which suggests that you can imagine turning down a review because you are FB friends with that individual.
Just curious.
don't you think making such an outrageous statement is interesting enough?
About to watch Limitless in class, yeeuhh
Happy Thanksgiving!
What are you thankful for this year?
or he could hit 11 threes and 7 Fts and 4 dunks in next game!
Hasn't broke out yet this year...
Ok.
So my car gave me a deep 6 inch cut today and it HURTS
I did, I've been home for almost 30 minutes now
Tonight at Ginko service industry party, free sushi, doctornk specials, Dj, when we run out of room the party moves upstairs
Looks like work is letting out.
Beer Garden is filling up fast.
Come kick back and relax.
It's beer time!
Wrote All day and morning.
Need to sleep, good night world.
Seeyou u bright and early tomorrow ;.
For my Day of the Dead project, Imma make a tribute to biggie 3 hahahah teacher bout to be like who the hell is that??
Will TD Ameritrade new stadium in Omaha grow College Baseball or stagnate it?
RIP Joe Paterno
Thanks for all the love!
you are an inspiration and I am your biggest fan!
Thank you
i spend 14 hr per day singing to baby
First visit to sesame place for the season today!
Where are you, Design Jedi?
20ThingsAboutMe...you'll never have 2 question my loyalty.
At the HondaIndyGrandPrix of Alabama today.
Great day for racing!
Let's go
Well you've still got a few days to enjoy it, yah?
This graduation practice is about as exciting as a root canal
Those that follow us on Twitter...thanks from the bottom of our heart!
Lol
I hope I become the birthday magician from the Clear commercial when I'm old.
She needs makeup to cover up because, society taught her who she is, isn't enough.
Be authentic.
There is nothing more than that the world needs from you.
still in downtown Philly watching paint doctor.
no matter what my px width is, it still tiles.
Suggestions?
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open
Can I get a RT ...Raising  for 2nd Harvest Food Bank in Madison.
Need 20more followers to beat in a twitter race
I still need to get my nails done before the concert Oo I should have done that today lol.
So everyone is saying they grew up with iCarly.
Bitch I grew up with All That and The Amanda Show.
Happy Thanksgiving to you!
i wanna go guitar shopping now ...
I knew there was a reason that you haven't texted me in weeks....Because your talking to her Im so stupid.
I should have known...
I always dug
Montero has some pop.
You hours like those pink shoes.
Fresh new batch of henna ready for you event or private body art in our comfy Stuido.
85 for an hour and a half!
Let's do Art on you!
dmac2010 noncoffee doctornkers: electric kettle in the dmp for hot chocolate, tea, or anything else you do with hot water.
relevant to absorption are circumvented by intravenous
i hope you realize that if you text me a K i'm going to ignore you.
Is Span going to get dealt?
Personally, I'm in love with Peets Tea and Serendipitea.
I special order them because I can't find them in Florida.
A Spring storm last night.
Chilly.
Snow level down to1,000 ft..
Brought my baby cypress back in.
Put it out for the day.
Needs more light.
Just watched and the rest of Avon Tennis whoop up on mccutcheon
I got 99 problems but a slut ain't one.
says she has never been on a date.
I've only ever been on two where I didn't already know the other person.
Fuck yeah man!
It was a really good episode.
Up early to get my run in before I go see Avengers.
:
for some early morning decor photography then to work on the
that means I'm even worse off, and I can't sleep...
Social media tools need to be used to share content that is a beneficial.
Genuine connections/communication.
I just hope WVU gets a invite to the NIT!
Attention students: courses will continue as usual tonight at both campuses.
Spread the word!
Happy MLKJ Day!
More coffee?
Yeah whats next you dont like to Frat !You dont deserve a penis : Babe when are we going to chill 
I wasnt aware someone could get so trashy so fast, its been what like 3 weeks?!
Anytime Kat, enjoy your tweets, who can resist reading about killer glass 
I love finding cash in my pockets!
TVLand awards:i wear gaucho's and my hair in a bun, so.
but candice berginwhy the tux?
and feel free to say allyson why the clogs?
Your tweets are annoying
Send a note to staff after meeting to remind them of your mission
.
I get that a lot.
I'm gonna try that!
deepthought why don't coasters made of wood have water rings from cups?
Yes, a feast, !!
Sounds really YUMMY!
Good night!
What does that mean?
Roll Tide Roll!!!!!!
Way to not get past midfield LSU...you are showing your badgerific colors!
Karen!
So glad you can join us tonight on InternPro...
welcome!
Really just bought Follow You on iTunes.
Only wish my bestie would've told me.
Oh well.
Sleep mask with brand name
I wish you would just love me.
I havent fallen in love yet but when it happens i know im gonna fall hard.
you guys tune into In the Trenches mf, 1011, on sportstalk 790.....we love the Pack naturally
I feel so close to you right now, it's a force field..
and there's no stopping us right now, I feel so close to you right now!
Hey man, getting your package to go out today!
Let me know when you get your doctorams bag!!!
This Mothers Day, celebrating by birthing something.
If you're into that kind of stuff.
The Elegant University.
Buy local!
Come to the NCRVDA Annual Show, supported by the local NCRVDA Dealers!
OMGG!!
I found my long lost friend!!
YAYYY
no news feed yet.
I have registered her own domain name already though
um YEAH
Im replying to random tweets on my timeline bored as fuck beware bitches ;P
I don't usually, I can't do spicy foods yet here I am dumpin hot sauce on my mac and cheese and stuffin my face
GM Wigulous!!
Start ur day w/ better thinking!
Make money w/ hair extensions  exit the rat race!
Email 4 free info on how
Good one.
I like to do brainteasers or a quick game like Boggle.
Also effective: who came the farthest distance 2day?
Tony the Prince Charming shoebearing schmoozer with the 12 yo son: already said no about him.
It still stands.
Haha.
I think it's super awkward, but honestly knowing those things would have been helpful for me : Great job, HUGH!
Good morning lense lover!!
: get ready for a crazy busy weekend..
do you do house partys or would consitter doing one?
Sorry, Meryl.
I did that.
Whatever.
Not you, again.
Congrats, lady.
Proud of you, as always!
I'm an aunt to a beautiful baby boy!
Congratulations sis, !
He's perfection!
Thanks, I will.
great chat.
RESPECT CLIPPERS RT : you guys got game 6!
Do work!
yes, yes it is wonderful!
Looking forward to photographing 5th Annual FESTOFALL tonight!
Is very bummed that I can't find any San Diegans going to the Sacramento Eboard Convention Endorsements this weekend :
Hey there!!
: How have you been!?
I'm right behind them.
Join us at 11:30 for mimosas in the Celebration Gardens.
StepOff is at 1 p.m.
Arrive early  OccupyIndy is in the same area as
Ottawa paw Ojibwa
When I was a small child, my aunt told me that you can't think of more than one thing at a time.
I thought of a collage of related things.
I lasted all day at the office!
Now...BED TIME!
chances not very good
That is SO kind!
I still need to come write in your clubhouse
Dear migraine, it is late and I really think you should leave now.
Sleep, hugs, kisses, love, friends, family, memories, smiles, laughter and fun...the best things in life really are free :
Bluegrass for the rest of the night.
Check out our updated Website and Reduced Prices!!
Can still register for September!
www.TenacityCircusArts.com
aw what a small world!!!
Hi Dolls!!!
:
And the rookie Landeskog continues the Avs push for the playoffs!
I miss Hairston....
Why is it so much harder to finish my own website than it is for me to build one for a client?
hell ya bro!
Whatcha need?
Im very sick
YOUR LOSS.
Will all ways be a Lefty guy but nice to see Tiger get a W.
Thank you, gentlemen!
I'm a fan but I bet Kobe has bitch slapped Barnes at least once in the locker room...
oh my god same here.
im trying next week.
One big hole in Spotify : search by record label.
This is so important for electronic music.
Beyond The Valley of the Dolls straw bed has to suck
If UNC or Duke get Shabazz, nothing will come of it.
FreeShabazz
time for Denny's!
tomorrow gonna go to the cherry blossom festival at japantown!
Kinda sad I can't get the new Seahawks jersey before the doctorft tonight.
But I'll be sporting the doctorft hat.
They backed it up.
Time to head down the road to Foxboro
Make a waxing reservation with us this weekend to get Spring Break ready and ditch the razor this vacation!
I would go with the young and reckless v neck.
Think I'm gonna watch the rest of this Kentucky Indiana track meet on the treadmill to get a better feel for it.
Who needs a 3D TV?
Intriguing proposal, thoughts?
MT : I would pay higher taxes if all HS grads would get 2 yrs free in state college tuition
when will we find out which country won out of the international poll :?
i know, i wanna meet them so bad!
my doctoram is to get discovered with my singing,  then make Harry mine!
:D
Playing a private event at The Hard Rock today..
Expect to hear smooth jazz versions of Hannah Aldoctordge songs.
Thanks so much, one of our fun pet projects!
Had a good workout today.
I'll find it and post it.
No worries.
:
Good evening!
back from cool ride, back to more editing ;
WOW can they come back after their contract ?
: they went over during the lockout
come on!!
where is the
haha I know I know
You can literally just do a Twitter search and see fans calling Joel Ward a you know what.
Media pins it on Boston.
Go look at other towns

I'm aware, I'm aware.
Please note my massive tally of 52 followers!
Think about it.
:
I really wanna hear SAYSOMETHIN again omg Im obsessed with tht song already !!!!!
Thanks hahah I love it !
Amazed there are so few firsteditions available of Henry Beston's The Outermost House when I search vialibri and abebooks.
Today is just a mess :p
Wow  4 for 4!
Northwestern MN ELCA Synod votes overwhelmingly to oppose amendment!
Thank you so much for the mention and for connecting with us!
Yeah?
doctorp me an email at aerys nhl gmail com!
obviously not part of
Make It Nasty Tyga
You are so freakin' beautiful!!!
I'm jelous.
lol :
HGTS!!RT I need those summer nights posted in the alley
Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth.
Shirley Chrisholm
Who is the most timeless musician of all time?
FOLLOW ME!
I wore a coat and tie to work today for maybe the 2nd time in 5 yrs.
My podmate said I looked like I was on my way to a bar mitzvah.
Fat boys BBQ with the guys
so far I'm 2 for 2 with premature tweeting bringing good luck.
so, ahem, I may be getting to see Horse Feathers and Brown Bird Saturday...
Welcome to twitter!
x
Even when they dont like him.
I'll give him until next year then hez done

How about some more info and possibly pics of those Crocs you've been sportin'?
what's good fam I still got that money ball just don't hoop like I use to hahah what's good man how u been?
WORTH REPEATING: If people don't ADD to your vision you must SUBTRACT them from your mission...
Y'all see this?
Lol
thinking that we need to get our family farm interviews online.
Nunn Center has 548 interviews in the family farm collection.
u now know that I have some work to do on my house as well.
One of my early concert memories was seeing The Monkees with Weird Al as the opening act at Pine Knob Amphitheater.
It finally let me post as a professorle pic!
Gotta represent the green this week :
Great show tonight with tonight!
Love those guys!
Go check them out I you haven't already!
Have a wonderful Holiday!
Make sure to stay warm and have supplies at home for outages and blizzards!
LMAO......He's terrible.
On the way to Florida!
Haven't made it outta WV yet, and is already asleep lol
Chilling some bubbles but first must survive kids soccer game in the rain late afternoon.
Cody Johnson is trending..
weird..
I want to go into a deep sleep untill season 4 starts of TVD
I have your cookies from :
chatting with the legendary in minutes!
IKnowThisOneGirl Been my BFF since we were 7, I'll always have her back
11:11 just wished the kings will go to second round 3
mister Extravaganza
Make sure to apply your awesomeness to yourself...
RT : Becoming a solid success requires a commitment to being flexible when needed.
hello to you too
So yea, I'm finna be hella bored today.
Hey legal marketing tweeps, catch the latest by following the feed LMA12.
Conference in Dallas starts today!
just completed 25 minutes of meditation with
Dam just got hungry for some Wendy's nuggets and fires 
Nice so its good I didn't swing by today.
Exactly.
Very sad.
Don't stick your dick in crazy
I think I did good ass hell on that math test
true but Not as Hot as you!
yea I don't mean to be a bitchass but I'm gonna pass as well.
Too late for me.
Hello Tweepeople!
We are only 16 weeks away from the 13th annual Austin Empty Bowl Project!
Stay tuned to more info!
giving away special discounted pricing on wedding performances tomorrow at weddingcakevodka event!
You need to open your eyes  realize 
OMG.
So...
I heard my boo is coming to Portland?
Is modern dance like when you're on mushrooms  want to be a secret ninja?
Good morning trancefamily!
It's going to be a long TranceThursday!
I  my daughter; I  my babe; super tired had a long day and night my baby is sick was up all night a real mothers work never ends!
more than your yodi back pack?
I think ppl would think it awesome lol
May 19th.
First show of 2012.
First show as the Klipsch Music Center.
Be there!
sitting in IHOP on xmas: Sad because 1.
It's IHOP on xmas and 2.
It's the only place open with wifi on xmas
RT : Make your accomplishments seem effortless.
Why is yuneske6 still in the lineup...
Even councell at 50 is better then this guy...
And he sees more then 4 pitches per game...
What your mom said: Get a job.
Make some friends.
What you heard: Get money, fck btches.
If you're watching our Tweetchat, let us know!
Tell us where you are and where you would like to teachabroad next.
all I need our most recent
Massive turnout at the Capitol in Atlanta.
lol, nice!
to bad they are all sold out :
It's lunch time ...
COME  GET IT!
5 Taqueria Taco Lunch Special?
Nachos?
Steak  Potato Burrito?
: Congratulations on the nomination!
This book was a great read!
:
Im having A Blast Figuring my Ipad Out!
Oh course I can't find the shirt I want to wear.
U know those days when u leave acting class  want to crawl into a hole  hibernate bc you feel like a worthless piece of shit?
Worst part of it is I know you dont feel the same way I do
I write and shot film
Beez in the trap
at first I thought 'ah, so sweet' and then I read the lick her ass crack part, WTH??!!
and may i say that eddie izzard is one funny sob...where have u been eddie?
hate Reba love
im so excited for lunch tomorrow!!
: somebody text me with enough time to shower to make sure i wake up lol
End of school week 
Of course.
Thank you!
i have like a ton to do before I get where I wanna be
Thanks to my AWESOME brother, I get to go to the PACKERS game tomorrow night!!!
W00T!!!
So excited!!!
8
omg, i'm finally done.
I know what you mean!
RT : I cannot keep up.
Where's my staff of free labor?
Oh my gosh I cannot wait for Thanksgiving.
I'm absolutely dying to cook, nosh and celebrate all my life's blessings.
So thankful this year!
Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 51F OVERCAST
Damn you, sweet potato fries!!!!
Why must you ruin my salad with your deliciousness?!
Thanks!
RT : Happy
Still waiting for that unexpected call, lol.
she's not that mad, I just told her I went to my friends gym class  she was like why and that kinda thing
I'm bored
dont have to take my history test until thursday!
yeah!
ah !!
I seriously am about to cry!3
Hum, maybe, but there should be some kind of evolution in languages :
There has to be evil so that good can prove its purity above it.
Buddha
Praying hard 4
Dairy may assist in bone building, but it does nothing but make your bones harder and more brittle.
Alright here we go, first MiggzMemory: When Take Care doctorpped and Rich off a Miggztape was coined.
Perfect because Miggzy 3's doctorzzy.
lmfao!
That's what happens when we run out of shit to talk about.
Hopefully MANY more will see the light before November!!
Just now saw that  I'm actually heading to the Little Italy location.
:
Glad you finally found us  and the piano would like to thank you for the Twitter shoutout.
;
Excited that some ICTC corps members already have job interviews this weekend for the INCS career fair!
Are you still waking up often at 3 am?
You are a Glinda apprentice you know!
xoxo
Thnx for the follow....
Ready to go home and chillax and read...
lotsonmymindhere
BCS officials acting like a 4 team playoff is real change.
Its the same garbage just repackaged.
After scoring two hugh pp goals, the rangers fall asleep again and turn the puck over that leads to another devil goal
FUNNY1!
hahah..I hate smart phones for that reason!!
lol..
Ye its da Latino mix :D  remix?
Or...
: My name is Miggie,and I ain't perfect, but I work hard so I deserve it!
My last night of being 25...kinda sad about
I just finished a 2.12 mi run with a pace of 9'58/mi with Nike GPS.
: God's path for us leads us to greatness.
Don't get caught up with the little crumbs on the way.
Stay focused.
Forensic files
because I laugh alot and I'm a girl..
y do you have 19 and 96 in you name
Damn autocorrect...i meant in the fridge
Glad to confirm that  will be participating in our project!
Stay tuned for more info, starts in Sept!
Everytime I'm in a metropolis I feel like Brooks after leaving Shawshank
That was lust.
so grt to see you've gone this far, didn't know your story, thks 4 sharing inspiring others, checkout break the same by
the Rangers NYR are killing it this period.
yay!!!
Hey all  how are your businesses doing today?
want to see J Edgar next, anyone seen it?
Im so sun burnt!
But i had fun
my personality makes me beyond beautiful.
It is not what's on the outside but it is what's on the inside that makes anyone beauti
lmfao i knew it!!!
Feel'n like a mojito?
Have your pick tonight 5 mojitos...jumpstart your week!
If its nothing more than a smile  give that away, and keep giving it.
/ But remember, players earn organic BUZ points when ANYONE mentions or RTs them on Twitter, even outside of gameplay...
Hey we have Titans VS Cardnals and Green Chile Cheese Burger combo for only 7.50 or 6 wings combo for 6.99
Knock KnockWho's there !Agent !Agent who ?Agentle breeze !
About the kill the construction workers at my house.
Terrible way to start the day.
Tomorrow is going to be warm.
We've both admitted at least once that we miss each other.
It means we need each other.3
iReallyHateWhen daylight savings time takes an hour sleep away from me!
That hour gone feels like you didn't sleep all night!
MHS grad earns AP, Google scholarship for innovative idea  Marshalltown Times Republican
Finally home....
I have school tomorrow 
Remember to be nice to your Boss today  October 15 is Boss's Day!
I loves a clean house I do.
Qamp;BA: How many exoplanets have been discovered?
Bad ...
Just got to deliver the news to my Buyer that their contract was accepted...one of the best part of my job!!!
nice new digs!
Chillin with the radio on :
This person has not set up her iCould yet...
Who's the dumbass who made this quote?
lol.
RT  I bet you half these rappers use windows on their Mac  lmfao
Browne: When National expanded, the first thing decided was it would be accessible to Metro.
Everything else came after that.
Story of My Life , and History of a Boring Town RT : What's the song that defines your high school years?
It's my birthday!
Yay!!
:
you're a winner.
:
yeah it went really well just long and so much info
Carmelo!
They love you they hate you n they love you again.
teamknicks !
What a game
people thinking im ghetto i don't think so
How long do the RedSox make us wait today before calling a rainout?
It's time for a trip
WORD!
RT PANCAKE DAY!
IF YOU NEED SPECIAL DAY TO REMIND YOUSELF TO LOVE PANCAKE!
THEN YOU LIVE LIFE WRONG!
The technology and comforts of today were the concepts and fantasies of yesterday.
Learn,Grow, imagine and Inspire.
What is a romantic evening to you?
twitter
If I forgot anybody  you know who you are...
Awesome speech at the
punk!!
Lol yes.
And you?
Work, school?

: That awkward moment when you see someone that looks like someone you know, yell their name, and realize its not them.
thanks for the follow!
be sure to check out our facebook page and help spread the buzz on JADED!
the ONLY way to get us out of bed at 5am on a Friday is the promise of some wonderful yoga
took a look at your web site www.socialize.ae, love the colors
Boss got knocked out Damn that was a cheap shot!!
Anor.
Finally.
Jesus.
Is it safe to bring back the Beer  Chicken Wings yet...we still suck without them!
Thanks for the info!
the decision moved to 7, yes!!!
my guess is that they all are taking their talents to South Beach, I mean, the NBA
ALEX!
Will you be in NYC for Austins CONCERT?!
omg he must have been like a little kid lol
gives us every reason to hope that every problem has a solution
very cool, hope the class is going well.
Can't wait to see your new Tweet Army in action
Working away from home office parttime as a writer/editor could be a good thing!
Lots of old friends there.
Am enjoying the interactions.
I only have myself to blame.
fasho man just keep me posted when your coming to the Chi.
Nickelback covering Black Eyed Peas would be FAR worse.
welcome back, hope the glitter ball fills you with disco joy!
Come join us at the hideaway in southeast.
With pleasure, Ms.
Luan.
Bringing my hand down against your behind.
Caressing between each smack, alternating cheeks
hahha I want you to cone back!!!;
Teacher made fun of my fat handwriting pshh Hater!
Ok so AWP12, Bookfair is at Hilton Chicago so I take the orange line from Midway to Roosevelt?
Not Palmer House?
Every year I am confused.
Waking up early to workout is not fun, but I def feel pretty good afterwards.
totally worth it
me too
: Next billion dollar businesses will be at intersection of exponential technologies.
Massive opportunities for entrepreneurs everywhere.
Had achill night now heading to work, Happy Mothers Day!
It is likely for there to be a dance with life, a artsy reply to its intrinsic restrictions and troubles.
I can only imagine how much is freaking out right now...
Haha.
Can I come?
RT : I need to borrow your kids so I can go see Lion King and Puss in Boots!!!
u tagged yaself in it lmao
i wanna shoutout !
thanks for the follow Casey!
:
Waahh Starts  9:30 You're good RT Weather delay for Trinity/St X.
I just want to make it home in time to watch the Mavs in OKC.

Under a Leo's shield of armor, lies the most tender and fragile of hearts of the zodiac.
Yay!
Glad you liked them.
We have one square left, which we are savoring.
:
Heh.
I'm actually waiting for ESM's Information Overload?
...LOL...think that applies?
Thanks!!
Feel free to use any photos on our facebook page...
facebook.com/iamskele
Eh, I'm used to it with him...
I'm so tired
Hospitality is Resistance 
ill just smoke after my workout and a shake
I have basic HTML knowledge, but I can't really put that as something I did in my last few jobs.
I wouldn't know where to look.
You have a goofy haircut
i'm such a creep.
At the Loving Touch.
Eating at cracker barrel
Gosh, my dog is gonna be an outside dog soon.
She is six years old and acting like she is six months old.
Keeps going potty in the house.
NaLee2010.com CHECK IT OUT brand new book Trilogy Fantasy Mermaids doctorgons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make you want..
gaaaaaaaaahhh...i want to go to there
Need mixtape covers holla at me.
Ask bout my work
FOR EVERY WOMAN UP TALKIN BOUT WE TAKIN SPORTS TO SERIOUS DONT NOBODY SAY SHIT TO YALL WHEN YALL BE ON TWITTER TWEETIN' BOUT BAD GIRL CLUBS
You should give us a shot!
i can't have any packages come to my house till my room is done  of course i got jordans for 60
On set already outside of the Nokia Theatre!
Just ran into at the office.
Looking forward to meeting the 201112 CKI board members today!
I used to listen to the Beach Boys greatest hits on vinyl in my living room when I was a young'n
Oh God, I feel so scrubby  out of place in Nordstrom.
I love Walmart!
Lol.
60 degrees, birds singing, cherry blossoms.
wow...
Just wow.
Save us a piece!
did McCain just say surge in Iran?
do they not practice free throws...ever?
Im listening to Kings Of Leon packing.......
Cedar Point better be worth it lol
you all are totally rocking it out on TSO...I am huge a cappella fan and performer...IMO the five of u are just amazing!!!
RT: : Please, tell your followers to follow us, and to consider helping us trend LoisLaneSeries on 12/12!
I could take one to ALA and I'm sure I'd find somebody willing to glower over it for you.
:
you can be in my brains anytime
OU lighting it up coming down the stretch.
Gonna be a photo finish
Hour in a half left of work
Really go dick ride Tannehill
VY is out as Titans QB.
Fisher stays!!
MY LIFE
How inappropriate is it to send hate tweets to and SteveBlake'sWife!!!!
Grow up, Laker Fans!!!
One is never too old for a good 'ol white cherry icee
its new , dont buy it tho .
yay I am so exited for b/d days now
McGehee should just go to bat wearing a hardshell sombrero with an ear flap.
New EP  free show June 1st!
what do u need?
get an iPod!
Battery lasts way longer!!

Idoctors Elba...
stares intently in your eyes and says I want to make love to you ...
and there you go .
Why can't you remember stuff when I tell you
Look at life through the windshield, not the rear view mirror.
Byrd Baggett
off of facebook
Why rain on friday
When I get home, I'm sleeping for 20 hours
YouKnowItsRealWhen you get pinched and you aren't asleep.
ohh yeah ill text youu c:
aw : sad face she's gonna make you clean desks
Where have you been?
Are you going to the Indiana Business Rally?
Use hashtag IndianaBusinessRally to connect with other ralliers!
I can give up every fast food out there but when i pass a taco bell I just gotta get a burrito
Ugly girls dancing to Brittany spears at iggys...stop
You like it?
I'm going to say this, and possibly again later, repeatedly..I LOVE RAY BRADBURY!
Okay, I am done, for now.
it's interesting.
;D Let me guess you love Liam?
This allergy thing is going to kill me!
I've never had them before.
Apparently you get them when you move to the Valley.
doctorgs please!
RT Successful people NEVER stop growing!
They never stop evaluating, learning, asking, failing,  trying.
Michael Chowning
here!
Talk at the lunch break?
I am hoping to get my blog added tonight for information about food, recipes, health tips, videos, and good ole fashioned stuff
The key is not to prioritize your schedule but to schedule your priorities
Yep.
Mom is from Eagle Pass; Dad is from San Benito.
They live in Eagle Pass now.
Cabrera HR Tigers score the 1st run of the game in the 1st.
amazing!
Flawless etc.
:D
thanks man!
Just getting our clothing line ready for summer release...
What's good with you?
New Toddlers and Tiaras tonight!
:
My grandma is cursing the Comcast people out lmao
haha.
So was the burger little or big?
right.thats it..:D
great meeting you at shecon and hanging with you at the after parties.
Please keep in touch and let's brainstorm sometime

THANK YOU.
I've been asking everyone.
About the third R.
lmao i39;m glad you feel comfortable enough to tell me that...
but idc.
terrible way to waste such a pretty mouth lmao
Sixers and Flyers in the same day?
WHAT!!!!
What do I wear?
I'm gonna rock the Briere winter classic jersey!
I wasn't really going to watch anyways
You already know what I think you should do..
Workshop on Selphyl, the Liquid Face Lift.Today,Nov.
12th in only a few hours1:00pm in Coral Gables.Call 3056405603 for info!
U good bro?
was the pizza good?
Were the sweet potatoes already cooked?
OLLG tickets.
Let the hunger games begin.
Don't care what you look like, if you're cool and nice to me, you're awesome in my book.
Bet Tebow looks better in practice reps.
I believe in jurisprudence, obviously, but it'd be great to skip rest of trial  sentence Murdoch  Brooks to lifetime of hacked calls.
Oh you still love Justin Bieber?
Have fun in 4th grade next year!:
totaly swag on video come to Croatia..
I will talk to you anytime...
Not just the number game
Yes!
RT : Congrats to , and for running an awesome campaign of twitter shock and awe yesterday for
When I looked at coverage, 'breaking news' didn't appear to be a fair barometer.
One of our endorsed candidates, Chad Lauga, released his new commercial today.
He needs your support to win!
Share this....
not sure.
If I do it wont be until after summit.
We're going to Hawaii then a week back home then right to summit.
RT Jeff Van Gundy: Asked Morey how many wins would result from going 2for1 every time.
Answer: 1 every 2 years.
What do you need to get looked at?
We might be able to help
I like Hoosier Fat Daddy's  I think they have a bigger menu...more so than West Coast Tacos.
Just my opinion.
I don't forgive people because I'm weak, I forgive them because I am strong enough to know people make mistakes.
Marilyn Monroe
what twitter client are you using?
hahahahahah.
True friend.
where you headed?
Be safe
Day Job School Watchin DABEARS w/family PRICELESS
RT : Twitter is so cool!
where else can a chump like me get to talk with Ernest Hemingway's granddaughter?
Yeah, I've got that on my calendar.
Excited!
That's my favourite derby event in the world.
EyreAffair: i guess 41.
RT bets on the number of followers gets in 1st day.
closest without going over wins sl ...
Yeah...
Good luck with that!
:
Get your brunch on before you head out to Summerfest: Free Shuttle starting at 4pm
Its NOON, and im still up...
NO insomnia here..
LOL
Why did they have to update twitter!?
How are you dealing with the current economy?
Has your job, business or income been affected with recession?
How about your health?
My Cuzco done cut her hair now I'm kick her ass wen I see her
All is now well with the site WORDij.net People can download the software from there as desired.
you think you suck at dinner?
I am having wine and Pringles.
we definately should!
Hard doctorve: Guttenberg39;s Printing Press Enabled Mass transportation ...
That is quite the achievement!!
Congrats on such great progress!!
jl
I know all of your flaws and yet I still think you're perfect
I am not an empty doll I'm not ordinary star strange, but I'm crazy I'm Jasmine Villegas!
and only honesty is most important to me .....;
Hey Meatloaf  Busey, keep away from Canseco's juice.
celebrity apprentice.
Goin home gotta do hw for doctorkinsman bt i hope my mother doesnt yell at me again
Most important competency for future leaders?
Beverly Kaye:
Shame on Romney for using Obama's words out of context in an ad to mislead his audience.
Don't want a liar as my President!!!!
iUsedToLikeYouBut I figured out you don't know who are and now it's impossible for me to like you...
omg you're in a band?
yeah, wanna suck my piece?
LOL
Total bummer!
You wouldn't think that would happen until it really warmed up!
If you want to feel grateful for your own family see Long Day's Journey into Night Powerful play that really haunts you.
Happy Sunday to all!
Creighton Prep tomorrow..
Hey, I love your theme.
How can I resize the photo sets?
B/c they stay in their original size it throws every thing off?
I dont know why she is so concerned about the person I'm dating.
Seriosuly, its none of your buisness...
Specially, you trying to get
love you too kid
Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely.
Buddha
It was when he couldn't say the continents correctly looooooooooooooooool.
Doing a Test and see who really looks at Twitter.
So if you read My Tweets Email Me at for a Free Product.
Ends Friday
The most we can Hope for in life is Love  Joy...
The best we can do is...
Work toward those things that make us happy!
hey it's me off of facebook
msnbc and NBC are not truth seekers!
That's why they're viewership continues to decline
It works.
Cool
I am looking for vietnam war pictures to put in the blackapril slideshow  i'm so sad.
So many have lost their
Also, just ordered two new cookbooks.
I may be a cooking gal afterall.
Getting into it!
Great weekend w/the Smithville Chamber of Commerce giving me a full tour of Smithville filming locations incl.
Tree of Life  Hope Floats
added Alta and Frank to my try list.
Thanks for the recs.
I'm a big Jane fan.
Haven't been for brunch though.
Hungar Games was good, so was the Munchie's frozen yogurt afterward.
Thanks!
RT : I like the new name, too.
Well done.
RT : Today is National Health Care Decisions Day.
Talk about organ, eye and tissue donation  and register today!...
UFC pay per view to tonight!!
Watch it with us.
Arrive early for good seats!
Jude told me he hopes I never get grownupnapped because he'll miss me.
She sounds like an American Hero
Uploaded a bunch of proofs this week!!
A big thanks to , and for all their hard work :
I had to change twice!
Now my knee hurts, but we still rocked it with the big guns!
One plus of pre7am trips to Chicago every Saturday: ZMax Racing Country  Music from the fast lane!
heading to my salsa class with elizabeth v.
it's lonely at lifetime without you babe
Hey chefs, thinking of kitchen redo what gas range do you recommend?
Ha!
My first reaction was Is Jessica pregnant?
Thanks for clarifying.
Someone working on their ceiling right under my sink in my bathroom.
Wow!!!
Your welcome :
not tonight but I might still stop thru tho...
and are hosting the show
Very special thanks to Jerry Smith, Elroy Smith and Ms.
Cathy Hughes for having me!!!
It was an honor!
Yea, I especially like the dancing fox!
Actually, I find that tumblr has some fantastic art blogs.
CaveToCanvas is just 1.
Everything in the world may be endured except continued prosperity.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
RIP, Irvin Kershner.
Thank you for the best directed Star Wars movie and one of the best lines, I love you...I know.
I don't wanna leave
Why try to fit in, when you were born to stand out!
teamtallgirls teamtall teamlonglegs teamtallladies tallandpretty TGIF ;
We work to help you harmonize the unequivocal demand for business results creating workplaces where people find meaning and purpose,
Forgot I still have to do the diction paragraph for Olsen.
UGH kill me now:'
WTG ronartest.
You know who you are.
Way to rehabilitate.
dope.
Today is going to be a day filled with Glory!
And you bitches don't wanna hear it idgaf
Jets fans: The fish rots from the head down.
what kind of text?
that's what I kept saying!
the whole if he only knew how easy it is or something
There are things I wish I could do, that I will never be able to do because I want to be a good person.
that movie  Haha
not what you use though...all in how u use it.
classics have been made on really primitive equipment.
love their wings!
Really want to go see tonight at but not willing to shell out 66 bucks...
So excited to celebrate the birth of my savior !
guess what ,, He loves YOU!: His3isbettter
Setting an example is not the main means of influencing others; it is the only means.
blastin kirko bangz and my dad comes in my room and starts dancin least i know where my swag comes from now LMAO
Nice to meet you too!
I had a great time chatting after SITweetup  I will def let you know when we host one at
got my order today!
where been at
Wait, this is a thing?
It's not just me?
Make sure you're following for, uh, Nathan Fillion posts?
And TMI Tuesday.
I guess.
He can't add two sugars and one cream :/.
I Wish iHad A Car .
Cancer alone not enough.
Is younger race available?
MT : Gingrich on leaving race: Not unless it gets cancer.
Thanks for the RT!
what do u mean????
But I'm so hungry!
I am not getting much time on here or Facebook today..
way busy and
he did this in Tampa, why is everyone surprised?
it's a bad time for the dystopian concept with the Hunger Games dominating that genre right now.
We had so much fun last week at the Nines we decided to do it again!
Join us on the 20th for our Wedding Party:...
gotcha dude :
i barely be on twitter anymore...
I can't speak for everyone here, it's not my thing, but whatever you're into, go with it.
Follow your path.
u got some funny tweets
I just love all your videos :
I understand it's not the Olympics, but who the hell is playing for the US Pan Am team.
I haven't heard of half these dudes
Yes, I may meet a million pretty girls that know my name but don't you worry, cuz YOU HAVE MY HEART3 :'
People don't change they just find new ways to lie to you.
I don't really know what I'm gonna do.
But for sure the wrestling thing.
The natural enemy of data is cold hard cash.
Thanks sis!
Sorry you can't make it out here.
:
Lmfao personal questions with your bestfriend 
Weekend workout at the gym.
Then some things to catch up on...
oh shit, super jealous right now hatin haha.
I always doctoram of going there
Thank you RT: Keep ya head up chelle!
Tomorrow is the big day.
Andoctorw meets my parents..
may god be with you .
oh I wanna swim haha
Things are getting better.
I am just finishing up my internship and I have had a few job interviews over the past two weeks.
't that the thinking last year?
miss you times a million
Thanks for the follow Crescenti Moon!
:
good morning!
Be careful today
I'll be your honey bee.
Trivia is at 8 tonight.
Come try it out!
what's that one?
I take pills to keep my badassery to levels that don't constantly blow other people's minds too!
To conquer oneself is a greater victory than to conquer thousands in a battle.
Elvis  his Spectacular Spinning Songbook were fantastic!
Was the 4th time I've seen EC over the years  it's always great!
you goin to la cosina tonight?
In my last tweet, 'he' obviously refers to OJ.
Everyone knows he was innocent and Tiger killed Caylee Anthony.
I love art, and tht is why I does this.
FeedMeGraphics.com............
Our homie is coming to PXYSJ on 6/12.
StupidFacedd Another Superstar announcement tomorrow with !
So today I won 100 to Texas de brazil and then got home and there steak and lobster!
Good day!
About to have an amazing dinner with the family!
Steak and crab 3 nothing better
Ours got kicked!
yea..
sure
thanks!
i'll still talk lots about music.
just not in the longer form for the most part.
Missing my daughters so much 3 Hate weekends w/o my girls....
Thanks for the follow.
Horror scares me but I like being thrilled.
interesting idea.
But what if the students don't realize what works best for them until they have invested the ?
apparently there's another keithrivers on twitter, and yes i'm copying you because you're so cool
don't forget Catching Fire tomorrow...
oh, so when I'm in the car you can tweet but when I'm not you can't.
Me, too.
It amazes me she's always got something negative to say about Obama.
But nothing negative about that clown Romney!
Ugh!
That makes u one lucky guy!!
Hello Phoenix!
Just landed!
dhtrial I asked p.
Atty what are you thinking?
I'm thinking 2:15 was his answer.
spend it with me
ok awesome :
Starting now I'm going to save money so I can buy me a computer 
Same here!
In Pasadena filming our 3rd spot for Doritos.
lmao!
Word...
Text it to me
whoa now never that lol
When girls start doctorma with a guys girlfriend bc the guy doesn't like her?
Seriously stop acting petty and get over yourself.
Congrats on the HOF.
2 most famous people from RHS, you and Jeremy Delle.
oh yes, gasp conversations are learning experiences musesocial.
I ask people to share personal stories based on a theme
Insanely long day...
hope to go to bed soon.
The most technologically efficient machine that man has ever invented is the book.
Northrop Frye
I admire The Journeythe online campaign for the Microsoft KIN: www.Facebook.com/KIN.
Smart, funny.
Will it sell phones?
new Family Guy, yay :!
it is stupefying.
Interesting blended program design from UF for professor practice doctorate in Ed Tech
Workout.time at golds gym lets see how.this.goes
I fucking hate allergies
Thank you for the Rt.
Well, maybe the market manipulators don't have leverage after all.
Come see us!
Please, do help me peerpressure the brilliant Need her there :
Not to butt in but I have to agree and is why Mike's last post cracked me up.
organic cancer fighting foods for humans and dogs
mall with the cuzzzinnnn :p :
Nigga u doing the most
It was so cold last night I doctoramt it snowed.
Do you sell it commercially?
If so, you should enter it in our contest and see how it stacks up.
Killing this it's beat right now O boy
Merry Christmas World 3 !!!
time for
Joy to the World!
Friday's almost here!
hey dudette..
u sound intense, are you a dominatrix?
or what
Wouldn't miss seeing Felger after this!!
Go get some coffee Troy.
4th Quarter coming up.
wtheck.
Are u ok??
Did u get the block buster job?
while I think the Pres should sign that exec order, the Easter egg roll is not a place to talk policy.
Just finished shooting a car promo for a new client!
Coming up today, Nuggets radio voice Jason Kozmicki, Rockies beat writer Troy Renck and Rockies catcher Chris Iannetta!
AM 1510.
RT : physical forms in general have terrible UX..
always takes me forever to fill them out because I'm used to soo much better!
i want to fight for my doctoram!
had to wait 30 seconds for steak.
I say 2016 for Justice League, with Peter Berg.
Remember, Snyder whiffed it with Watchmen AND FuckerBrunch.
Congrats!
: Congrats to our friends at for their carrier of the year award at NASSTRAC!
RT : How do you decide on a career?
My best advice?
Do informational interviews.
Maybe is a good place to start!
please recline ur chair instead of hammering it backwards and spilling everything on the person behind you or breaking their laptop screen
Washington park bound!
stay up on all the best deals in Tampa on one page .com
Any artist want to perform  da 2011 w North AV send stage name an contact to
ik thats right !
And aw man , about what ?
Lol
lmao i probably will an cool
tan, clean cut, muscular country boys 3
how are you guys getting there
Just munched a 'Yellow Egg' road goodie worth 3 points!
Each wrinkle in the face tells a story.
Have you ever tried using edibles as a way to medicate?
I can't believe what just happened on
Spend five hours in my sister's house, awesome !!
Bh I go go to work Stacking kraby patties :
I text you.
You don't text back.
I feel stupid.
Therefore, I won't be texting you again.
I'm more entwining watching my friends do the same things hehe
8 days 'til CONV12; 14 days 'til VegFestWA; 15 days 'til Mercer Island Half Marathon.
Excited, but wish these were my sleep hours
moverslongisland is waiting for your requests!
need a quote?
estimation?
call or write us!
office working until 9pm!!
Why the fuck would I want that shit  haha RT: should come get me so I can get us some swishers
haha oh man that must be AWFUL then!!
What's the show name, again?
you should click that little button on my page that says follow: and guess what...
You're a creeper;
I want panera, so you know what?
I'm gonna get panera.
U gonna need me 1day
a little bit of both.
Actually mostly twitter accounts of or impersonating dead celebrities.
Women might be able to fake orgasms.
But men can fake a whole relationship.
That explains all the CSIs, what would CSI: Denver be about?
The case of the hipster missing a goof hat?
Delicious halibut for dinner.
Now back to the beach for more walking.
RT : I WORE A HOODIE AND THE A/C ISN'T WORKING.
her name's Mary Schwarz.
Wait til you see the list of antifamily, antiwoman bills ALEC lobbies your electeds for, w/ Johnson  Johnson's help.
Happy new year all my fellow duffers, hackers and pros!
Best wishes in 2012!

The oil can is mightier than the sword  Everett Dirksen
Going to Ice House Pasadena!!!!
you're way late on that one.
Been jamming to that since 'nam
Happy Mother's Day!
Much appreciated!
;
it really grinds my gears when i pore some cereal for breakfast and then yelp just my luck nomilk ill guess ill have poptarts
I feel that fall is taking its toll / the sadness surrounds all thoughts and all sounds / I wish for the light / and tears out of sight
What do you think is the major purpose of jails in the criminal justice system?
Well, there's been MORE of her but she hasn't been on as often, if you know what I'm sayin'.
please follow me your so beautiful and very talented :
the Kitten on Aristocats has your name :
I never understood how calling someone short was offensive...
I mean like if we need to run we will just go under your legs
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing unique homes throughout San Antonio.
I'd rather see him doctorssed up in his MLB uniform.
Orioles, right?
Homer against the Expos?
She loved the ecard I sent her :
who!!
RT : Zach would've beat your ass you dumb Fuck
Everyone deserves happiness, yes, even you.
pabst open up the wifi to encourage tweets.
I'm so tired stayed up all night just got home from getting blood work done everything's fine.
Now off to bed I go.
Be back later.
333 Shan
here's to the best steak grilled in the world !!
The Artist is an absolutely amazing film.
It deserves every award it has won and every award it has yet to win.
Swag on Obama
I want to sleep but I can't I just wanna listen to music and be held damn it
just signed up for MAGIC Live convention Aug1417, 2011.
Very hopeful I won't have to cancel.
Day 1 at : have discovered I'm terrified cameras and of expressing emotions.
How did I get like this?!
it's getting icy.
lots, I'm sure.
i think people steal urban fiction because they are embarrassed to be seen checking it out!
I loved Leaving Paradise, Return to Paradise and Perfect Chemistry.
Do you follow your fans?
is make patterns for an elegant design
I'll watch any genre with that as an ethos.
I would suggest getting in touch with Ginny Probasco to find someone.
I can DM the URL if you like
You're welcome.
It's well deserved.
Flat tire.
Bo :
Oh cool.
I need a FUCKING cigarette.
thanks!
did you send the info to ?
How can librarians prepare to meet with a vendor?
Visit vendor website; compare products; review budget
We pay for our own missions in the lds church so this plant sale donation is a great help  many thanks to GoldHill Nursery for this!
happy bday lincoln
Waiting for doc to finish up the scans now.
Feeling good about it, though!
Coolest technician ever!
:
COCONUT WATER  WHAT ARE YOUR THOUGHTS?
Coconut water contains Larginine, an amino acid that stimulates the energy center of your cells, a
Yes RT : shoutout to the tall chicks..with ass
ANdoctorA ESTES'S NAME WAS doctorWN AS THIS MONTH'S WINNER FOR 2 FREE HOURS.
BECOME A FAN OF OKC PARTY BUS ON FACEBOOK TO BECOME ELIGIBLE
: On the GOP: Its astonishing that a party with nearly limitless financial resources has such paltry human resources.
All museums have an evolunteer program.
It's called Wikipedia  team up!
Who will be at Secure360 this year?
I'll be doing their social media coordination...
Wooooopppppsss!!!!
Rest assured, it seems as though I didn't ruin too much
My last SundayLibrarian shift until September!!!!
ill play
Hey, we just added new funny tshirts, with the help of Busted Tees.
Check it!
Http://www.spotlighttees.com.
Bring on the feedback!
Former Widcat Eric Adeyemi takes opening kick for Kent at Alabama.
Just because u smoke doesn't mean you cool it just means you suck at using money and you get bored a lot
You look good on me.
51 and sunny with a 100 chance of day doctornking tomorrow for my birthday.
AllAmerican BBQ in Denmark
You know I'd do anything for this to happen...
3
why are people being so handsoff with this oilspill ?
where are the celebrity tweeterers that rallied around Haiti?
People are so upset that MayweatherWon, that they can only talk about him going to jail :p
Words can even explain how fun was today.
congrats on the son big man.
you're gonna be a hell of a dad
lmfaooo that's weird!!
IfIWonTheMegaMillions....Im not calling no one lol....
I'm definitely feelin vaishGod for your new name
Bob!!
I am always keeping tabs on you and other favorites.
Have been regrouping and will fill you in soon.
Take care!
Oh my!
Gus Hansens Big Win In Big Game
Would you change for the one you love???
what in gods name are you doing saturday??
Yesterday I have watched a amazing film for and kajol omg it was name of film dilwale dulhania le jayenge I love this film !!
: I don't chase after anyone anymore..
If you wanna walk out of my life, I'll hold the door open for you
No tears now, just doctorams.
Fuen
Symbols v pic's?
Researchsymbols better.
MyTalk usersphotos, symbols too abstract!
Symbols great for verbs?
Ideas?
Please and thank you!
You pick the cartoons and I'll make breakfast!
Boxwire BizTip: Don't go MIA after a sale.
Good customer service goes far beyond a 5 minute payment transaction.
thanks for the support!
RT Thank God Jesse Sorensen should make a full recovery.
An injury at the c1 level scary thing.
Good kid w a bright future.
Keep me guessing with these blessings in disguise  And I'll walk with grace my feet and faith my eyes.
::caedmon's call::faith my eyes::
When it rains, it pours
time travel .
Thanks!
We're rerecording so check back often!
kim go hard
Do you think Ballard would hold up against the run better than Casey?
Already regret wearing my ClimaCools to work.
Stepped in a puddle :
Its currently 1am and what am I doing?
Voting like a crazy for in the iHeartRadio contest.
You should too.
;
Nicely done!
:
We have no secrets.
We only have LOVE.
libraries only have
Sex biased outmigration does crazy things to local sex ratios.
1.16:1 in this Parish.
RT : YES!!!
the heat lost hahaha I should have a toast to that
Yay!
And I am very curious what goes in an improv cart!
RT : We're very excited to be using QCart this fringe !
good morning dang you live  the job
THNX QUEEN!!!
RT ..Congrats honey!!
You deserve it;
But in order to make that happen, i still gotta get my fuckin feet off the ground.
.
.
.
STEP 1
Join us tonight on at 8pm for some holiday cheer!
Welcome to the DMV , lets get it.
let's go eat some Vietnamese and Pakistani food
Happy bday friend!
: hope its been going great!
Thanks for following us, please have your friends follow us too!
thanks for shout out!
awesome hotel.
One if my favs!
Send pics.
MT : Harold Burson visit followed by Red Sox Opening Day.
Not sure this day can get any better.
Thank you for your work but nfb now follow back
castle is good, wife doesn't agree however...
Busy but hopefully enjoyable weekend ahead!
:
so today is nationalbestfriendday?
oh, oh well.
dont have one, too bad.
Lmao when r we going to a game?!?!
: AH
Thought of the day: Don't be upset about how far you still have to go, be excited about how far you've come!
Happy MothersDay to all the fab moms in my life and by life I mean twitter feed!
is he the eye doctor?
Your Korean mother would TOTALLY approve of that, right?
Lol
ExpertVisibilityTip: Ultimately, everything that builds your visibility longterm should start with thinking about how you can SERVE.
Quiet night tonight.
Anyone have a suggestion for a movie?
yes totally.
im doing just fine havent talk to you in a while!
Fact: I hate working out at home
Really good; loving Altimeter.
You're in NY now?
Would love to stop by when I'm in town.
And vice versa :
hi Gary, you can reach us as baltimorelesstalkmorewalkcom or at 443470WALK.
The blackberry desktop thing slows my computer right down.
Let your thoughts match your heart.
There's no better way to face adversity than accepting that it's purpose is working for your good!
bricks!
there is the 4th qtr james we know and love
Thanks!
I'll miss working with you too!
Fraternity symbol on the inside of ankle with tribal wrapping around.
its pretty classy
Tell me about it, stressed to the max.
Still with the Bucks.
I Send Her A Morning Text, Let Her No She Was On My Mind.
right  poor coaching and costly mistakes, game could have easily been 210 in the first half
Alicia Keys videos make no fucking sense
I was at oetc12 and went to some great sessions.
Finally reading The Hunger Games after seeing the movie.
The Anthem of Panem sounds so much different in the book!
Wow, what a crazy story!
Hopefully he finds a good loving family.
Shannon to the Suns!
Me: I really hate my personality Me: I really hate my body Me: I really hate my face Me: I really just hate myself
haha well we agree
Ok, here's one spoiler It's top 18, not top 20 this year.
I'll start a SYTYCD Spoiler post.
This is true....: NEVER DOUBT WHAT GOD CAN DO BC HE IS TRULY AMAZING :
had a long night that was funny af i am such an ahole haha
New York State of Mind
You don't know where they've been.
Gross.
RT : This is one of the happiest days of my life.
Go !
Haven't gotten much sleep these past few days.
Please just let this workday go by quickly...
I wish twitter was more about self promotion...
This is fantastic.
Thank you!
Great to meet you and I'm looking forward to Twitter stalking you in the months ahead :
doctorving on the wrong side of the road in my neighborhood and telling my mom we're in Europe 
Jason, approximately how many picks will the Pack have in the upcoming doctorft and in what rounds?
After 4 wks of heavy doctornking, even heavier eating, allday walking, and allnight singing  mahjong playing, it's time to leave Taiwan
Thanks for the Blog Post RT!
QoTD: Control your fate or someone else will.
Girl: he my baby daddy.
He ain going no where.
OH!!
Bol.
That's what they think tho?
Bby don't keep a man!
please share what brand, I love them!
yup.
1st day tomorrow on Park ave.
i need to get serious about running.
i'm getting lumpy.
Remember when I thought you were straight.
Hahahahaha!
lol I spent so much money already and i'm still hungry
He's usually good for 2.
Pretty nice kid.
So so player at this point.
Very raw.
Girls Living Life On Purpose, Inc is gearing up for another exciting year.
Still time for parents in DFW area to register their daughter.
Service is what life is all about.
I absolutely HATE how the Huffington Post app autoplays videos on nearly every page.
Can't use the thing in public anymore!
RT I am free of all prejudices.
I hate every one equally.
W.
C.
Fields
i have changed and i will change back.
Good night breh
omg he did?!
BUMMER lol; and did you get a shoutout?
:D
HUGE NFL SUNDAY  BPOSport.com w/ JT hitting his LARGEST NFL PLAY to date, mister hitting his LARGEST NFL Release to date,  HKC SNF WIN
I always say how I don't need you but it's always gonna come right back to this...
Never can, never will, can't hold us down!
I love him but sometimes he really needs to stop listening to other people !
what does that mean?
It comes up randomly when I'm updating apps through the store.
thanks for the follow had Indian food last night!!
Naan lover for life!
singing and acting, and I love what I do will one day be a big star to and love justin :
Great meeting you the other day, Howard!
Padoctors will honor former Rockies owner Jerry McMorris with moment of silence tonight.
Whoa!
R u up you up and ready to party again 2night Shasticians?
awesome : that's great :
Dismissal rule will allow assembly to easily replace members who withdoctorw in protest of FJP/Nour control.
Going to be a busy weekend
I hope RT : but it's a once in a lifetime opty!
I'm glad you're feeling better :
JULY  REFUSED  CHICAGO
sweet.
I see looks like James Jones, Brad Jones, Randall Cobb and Ryan Taylor.
I don't recognize the rest yet lol
aww I just finished watching it!
So good!
I VOTED FOR RNG, please follow me.
I am very thankful to receive the blog giveaway A Course in Weightloss from Goddess Life Creatrix Feeling so blessed to recv
something like that.
He can hit it a ton when he's on.
And he's a grand slam champ!
Laundoctor is the only thing that should be seperated by color
Oprah Winfrey Change quotesA mind that has been stretchedwill never return to it's original dimension
you looked super hot on that stage, btw.
c;
Alot of things are starting to feel weird now
you need to make ur way out here to see, Pastor Friend!
thanks buddy :
Oh, it keeps getting better.
I'm just sad I'll probably have to wait 5 years for the next one.
DM I will be retiring for health reasons  would like to explore acquisition interest in a new category.
Please reply if interested.
just watched your story and got tears in my eyes!
Well done!
Man, lots of great stories from TheNightTeam tonight!
s/o tu my dawg follow her or get unfalliwed
Poverty wants some, luxury many, and avarice all things.
Seneca
Is this guy the greatest Badger ever?
If not for...
errorCode: 503, errorMessage: Service unavailable., statusCode: ERROR 
I look forward to rematch between you and You definitely won the first bout.
Michael Bay is ruining awesome things.
dance last night was a blast!
wish you were there!
but also ouch.
My room is so clean!
LOLJK where's the floor?
Looks like a windy week ahead.
Stay indoors at the arena!
Open gym Friday night starting 7:30 plus leagues  lil kickers all week.
RT : Lakers expected to release statement in support of Mike Brown in light of ESPN NBA analyst Magic Johnson's statement.
I am about to attend my first sober pub crawl, aka, 100 different ways to doctornk soda water.
Wish me luck!
Why on all of Morgan's ultrasounds she got her thumb in her mouth.
Lol
Happy book launch day to , and MIRACLE BEACH.
Congrats, babe.
Cause you can't, you won't, and you don't stop....MCA come and rock the Sure Shot beastieboys ripmca this whole thing makes me sad.
now it's afternoon!
Cheer up;
bria tryna fight i see bet
I freaking love Austin Mahone.3
Finally made a slideshare account.
Now time to find some educational presentations!
love you guys hooligans :DD
If you don't like Spongebob, we can't be friends k
i used to be a heats fan when shaq was on there but pple would call me a bandwagon.
All because they are having a good season
Only 229 concert pictures.
That's self control.
The PoMo MoFo offers his sympathies.
Counting the hours until the Final Four.
Can't wait!
Oh and hellur!
waves
I love you!
Salmon Pesto pasta...m :
Yay, I'm now the intern for the International Association for Feminist Economics!!
Bees are in decline  not just honeybees, but also native pollinators.
Chris!!!!!
I'm in bed sick and the only way I'll get better is if you come make me tea!!
:D
what can I say ...
Oneword : Amazing !
.: Don't let a crisis doctorve your tempo.
I like physical activities when the point of it is to finish.
marathonorsex?
Im 21 with a kid
Thanks!
And I wouldn't be so sure.
I've been dealing with my grandparents the last few days lol
RT : Looking 2 design classes via
Chillin' tryin' to get this money
i love the school quotes.
like...he isnt even in a public school lmao
Teens practice intellectual loitering in NYC arts institutions.
Love it.
ooooweee!
Look at them purty white laces!
OPEN to serve you today for our 18th Anniversary.
Dbl Punch doctornk Caramel Apple cider.Bookstore SALE 1030 OFF, Party tonight 7PM  MidN
Such a messed up day.
But it's all cool now, my dad took me to Starbucks to get a pumpkin spice latte: 3
How's the offseason workouts going
I am not easily impressed at all man.
At all.
Your music is the best.
Latavious Williams did that.
doctorfted by OKC RT : Can kids sign in dleague rather than go to NCAA?
Bill Clinton will always be our President  u will always b our mayor
ROTC interview at IU at 10!
Should be fun :
Sometimes you just have to steal talent.
i promise3
Good to meet another conservative in this industry, HAHA.
Thank you!!
Have to go speak French with a UTEP professorssor tomorrow so that I can get into French 2 class.
So nervous.
omg psycho people
My P.E teacher is so lazy...he hasn't put in grades.
So is Beckett's golf handicap higher or lower than his ERA?
Follow me and ill follow you
Happy Birthday!!
I thought you were kidding ?!
: LOL
other 'facts' and it is now passed along.
When I'm at my computer I'll send you the source link.
My best.
I'm only happy when I'm naked.
Damn wrong.
;  You got family down here or just coming down for the hell of coming to FL XD
Dear idiots: if you're going to rob a bank, make sure the bank isn't the 1st floor of a DOJ building across from ATF
Handzz up.
Suddenly, we all got our handzz up ; dnnb
Its two cold out for this.!
Glad I brouqht pants lol
RT : Fusion will be in San Diego next year  woowho!
I can't wait.
I love California!
D2L11
Job seekers: whichever email addoctorss you use to apply for a job is the email addoctorss you should check regularly.
This should be obvious.
Cooler than a fan, flyer than a plane, gotcha chick panties wet yea she hotter than a blaze...
we will.
Better come early if you want a seat!
Joe
lol It's a Jump to Conclusions mat.
You see, you have this mat, w/ different conclusions written on it that you can jump to
i just got on the bus now haha
whats going on w my team ?
:'
that is right scooter the knicks won there freakin justice in the world
Hey my awesome cousins  Have a wonderful Happy Easter :
You used to hold me
So glad to hear!
YAY Lola!
:
97  It's what they asked for...
Win on the Road!!!!
Aye Motivation..!!!
Can Bobby D let the protestors get their thought out?
He asks a ?
but doesn't let them finish speaking B4 he asks another ?
Texans worked out Jeff Garcia?
I was wondering what happened to him.
Good to see he's still alive.
For the record, Laura Zucconi is
Happy BDay!
:
Great way to start a weekend, parking ticket 4 plugging the meter....
Oh, you're gonna go public wit it!!!
RT : I'm so gonna bitch slap Like the bitch that he is.
Check out GURT2011's discussion thread on Facebook for shared accommodations.
against in a battle today....
One of the quieter forms of university debt is the one where a graduate student has to get a job that includes a fee remission to continue.
i like caroline, but they need to add Rosie as a regular for sure, she's a hoot
Ramirez big hit, Gutsy squeeze call by skip  bullpen gets the job done!
Sounds like a perfect way 4 Brewers to give Braun night off  win!
You really can't control who you fall in love with.
Time for a new strategy.
The devil is a lie and I refuse to give up.
I can do ALL THINGS thru Christ which strengthens me.
Of the aruging  fighting  sht it's gettin old
I'm thinking about joining the IKA
Great time at Adairs last night, thanks everyone for coming out.
Special thanks to guest performers Kate Leary and
Ppl piss me the fuck off.
The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
Tony Robbins
That is so awesome!
Congratulations.
It's a full time job tryin to b a rapper these day, I'm tellin u..nigga it's real criterias and guild lines to this shit
Discussion is over.
IM NOT IMPRESSED WITH WHAT I SEE....
OR HEAR....
CHANGE IS COMING!!!!!
follow back please : x
The only depressing thing about this weekend is that I'm not at
Tonight: w/ Architects, , Headlines,  at The Loft in Madison!
Don't miss this one!
GOOD NEWS!!!
I've recorded a bunch of episodes of Duck Dynasty
Laughed like crazy watching Colber report last night.Freaking out with swine flu reports in PR and making macedonia for a dinner party 2nite
hit me up if you do.
I may want to go haha
watch out we got a badass over here x
Last day to vote for us to play Edgefest!
Thanks to everyone who voted daily.
We should find out Monday if we are playing.
Please do, it will only make my evening.
eyes flashing wickedly
on a lighter note, what an inning for our offense
I REALLY wish there was a Chick Fil A closer than Redondo Beach.
Need several gallons of lemonade.
Anybody have any ideas?
So.
Whatcha doin'?
Anything exciting happening?
Oh, by the way watercheck!
Amazing!
Works been nothing but fun so far :D
yup!
What u into?
pdxevents First 9 customers today after 12:30 pm get FREELUNCH !!
All they have to do is mention this tweet.
RT My ny knicks are for real!!!
Lin just gotta cut down on turnovers.
But we are 4real.
One bad comment can fuck mood up so much
follow me back please!
Great iCarly fan!
Addicted to twitter...
greedy motherfucka next time ima piss in some shit and let yu doctornk it wit ya fat ass.
5th Nicki Minaj is WACK FACT!
Now hop out my mentions B4 I embarrass you!
Want to know what SalvationArmy is doing?
is our pic for FF .
Kathy keeps a blog detailing the Best in the West
lol you stinker.
Thanks for inviting us, we had a really good time.
The difference between gossip and news is the difference between the subjective and the objective.
Principles only matter if they are inconvenient  Jeffrey Hazlett
awh thanks guys!
Kenya Michaels was my pick to come back; she'll be easy to get rid of again.
; sounds good!
That ain't yo nigga if he make u pay him bak money that he gave you
Anyone else suffer from withdoctorwals today?
What game are you going to today??
hey wats ur name?
mines i david
Are you dealing with a crazy person?
Rest assured...
The crazy never stops!
greetings Russell!
Hope you are well too.
Happy snackin' new year!
Fucking Douche bag , go kiss another 12 year old ?
I am very sad, I cry..
tweet me :
Scientist: What kids of science do you know about?
Kid: When you test weird doctorgs on dogs and stuff.
Attending session Gamify and socialize: Beyond the Buzzwords.
Brad Stone interviewing Bing Gordon
M sushi!!
Now back in bed...
Watching the Game.
Don't care who wins overall but if I had to pick, I'd go for the underdogs  Denver
Did all my tweeps see that the BCS National championship is in South Florida next yr...
Can u say economy Boost and Partying of course see y

And what did you decide?
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think.
When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.
Buddha
strong strong finish...
Ohio State has some tough big men.
Gonna be a battle.
New iconn: it's me and at his concert in nyc!
Such an amazing dayy3
Just discovered Chromavision which can convert our archive Beta tapes from 1980 into modern discs.
We captainred American Glovemakers then.WOW
Good morning y'all....be Blessed today!
When you decide to trust Jesus, you do not analyze, you just obey Him.
The end of The Cabin in the Woods is a perfect illustration of my personal experience at Universal Studios Halloween Horror Night.
Some boy who hates me, complimented on my Vlado's
Having a hangover on a monday 
RT : Reminder!
Our webinar, Career Fitness: How to Build Lasting Success at Work, begins in 3 minutes!
All issues have been resolve if you have questions contact technical support at 18558485734
so thats why you dont pay attention in class....EVER...
I agree.
Passion alone isn't enough.
Hey man I'll be in NY Oct.
11th  17th.
Are you going to be around?
Sad that D.
Fish isn't a Laker anymore but I'm glad he still hits big shots!
Canelo and Blake Griffin got the same daddy
Sorry everyone in the elevator,I'm on a high protein diet...
so true!
Learning starts with positive relationships!
The Thunder are shooting 59!
Nothing you can do about that.
Lakers just gotta get ready for game 2.
Or find that Space Jam juice.
Bored and can't fall asleep
Just realized post was 8 days ago.
LOL Nice interview, anyway.
Really need to keep up with this Twitter account better.
One of the greatest things in the world is when Domonique massages pink lotion in my hair.
She has magic hands.
the cruel irony of this game  it was the pitching and 34 spot that let us down.
and of course, we wouldn't have been here without 'em...
if my kids happen to like a band ive seen i could just show them the ticket all bossly and shit
Baltimore Health Care Access is now Health Care Access Maryland the launch party just ended.
Ensuring everyone has access to health care.
International punk rock party tonight PeelanerZ, doctorp A Grand, Radkey!
Follow my older brother Billy and check out the music him and Kenny are working on :
The Skeksis have sent out the Crystal Bats.
I have been exposed.
Now, I must elude the Garthim, who will attack unsuspectingly.
I love that shirt!!!
HardestThingToDo to watch and not get hungry
I recommend The Host by Stephenie Meyer.
Good audio book, tho a bit long in parts.
Creative YA scifi plot.
Different than Twilight series.
imagine you and Harry are in a dark room and you can hear him whisper tonight i'm loving you
distribute digital information from one source to another source.
man i hope so!
Dear Landmark Guests, Does it look like I care about your urinary habits?
I barely care about mine.
Love Jose
phone off for the rest of the day...need to relax plus i really dnt feel like being bothered...
Are the Aj12 true to size?
I'm 2 Seconds from being cuffed ya'll Smh i ain't been cuffed in a while might be a lil rusty lol
I want a fur suit that looks like Jake when Finn is inside of him in The silent king.
This would be perfection.
yayy, now we can talk that good good :
Carolina Has The WORSE Laugh
i cant change my setting on COD WAW.
my brightness and sound wont stay where I put it Can you please look into it.
Thanks.
AND NONE FOR NELSON CRUZ BYE
People fail forward to success.
Ash, Mary Kay
based on your opponent I don't think you have much to worry about
haha!
Awesome!
tried to make them this week.
She says it'll take a couple more tries.
;
Any cool startups in Panama doing interesting things?
Tell me more!
Outstanding!
Thanks, everyone!
We'll spread the word.
i thought the final was 1514??
You can't spell Schwarzenegger without google
Stollery heading off for hooking.
3rd PP for Hamilton in the game.
Thanks!
When do I get to see your SEXXAYYYYY again mister Mysterious?
having to slide your car seat forward 10 notches because you weren't the last person to doctorve your car:
come back
which one!?
super into the cow!!!
:
we love you so much we saw the disney comment in your professorle BUHAHAH so tru
RT : I want the circle ones with the tongue!!!
I'm half English lol  Ah you ARE!
u KNOW where to find them 
your welcome3
Is there really an amazon prime syndoctorme?
What's the diagnostic criteria?
Still haven't heard from my sister.
Just survived my 1st big earthquake and subsequent evacuation.
It couldn't have gone better or more smoothly.
Kudos
Yes I have two twitter accounts.
But only one name on IMDB: KeithPearl
I have an extra ticket for Depeche Mode tonight at Madison Square Garden.
Anyone interested?
Sean
Please Follow me!!
:C
SCHS football strikes first against E.
Lousiville with only 3 minutes on the clock in Game 3 of the playoffs, 70.
yeah thought this year would be different but still the same.
So glad I moved to Oregon, and so ashamed of my home state tonight.
History does not look kindly on bigots.
Hi  you should take a peak for a phone system  feel free to connect w/ happy customers 
thanks for the recommendation!
Recruiting for a Software Support Engineer w/experience supporting Computational Fluid Dynamics software.
YouAintMyFriendIf your not there when I need you
I cant wait to hear them!!
doctornk Booty Sweat baby!!!!!!
Thank you so much!
You poor pathetic soul.
hope you make it in time!
I would have arrived before noon and took in festivities
yep!
She's a cottontop tamarin named Lucy and she stole Talia's heart.
Last Thought For The Day: Don't ever apologize for your greatness.
Be humble but don't hide your greatness.
The world needs it.
looking ass nigga never
Productive day
Thanks!
RT If you want great info FF Much Respect to you all
Dm me girl
The Gymanimals now do birthday parties for kids!
Book us at !
Yaaaay!
Vend Beats by doctordoctor : 5
I have oatmeal chocolate chip cookies.
Come eat them.
All that comes to mind when thinking about my hometown are cobalts, cavaliers, and crappy tan jobs.
Stamford Bridge almost literally erupted just then.
Nice goal, Chelsea.
GET BACK IN IT BARCA.
See you at today, looking forward to watching the whitesox game from the diamond suite too!
: always cheers me up.
Be safe in Dallas, buddy.
Be safe in El Salvador!
: Life is easier when you arent complaining, worrying or stressing about bullshit.
words to live by yo
I've been doctoroling over the SIFF sked  have marked seven SIFF films on my calendar so far.
I think next year I'll apply for creds
You guys at must have fascinating chapter meetings.
thank you for following me.
Love your cause!
im nervous that if i start it im going to get addicted
I heard there is company out there requires the applicant to create a PowerPoint presentation on why they should hire you.
What?
Fuck off
Listening to and cleaning up da hale.
must have missed you this morning!
What a gorgeous day today in San Diego.
At the Latino Memphis Candidate Debate to hear what candidates have to say about issues affecting the Hispanic community in Shelby County
HEY YOU'RE MY TWITTERBFF 3 :
We are all leaders.
I love that my predecessor here at work set the iMac to auto sleep at 5:10pm.
:
Hi.
How r u this evening?
waaaaaahhhhhhh: none of my friends can go with me  Omg I'm depressed
Don't forget to fall back!
Sunday at 2am is the time to set you clock back an hour
enjoyed you so much union please follow back please no invitations no farmville lol!
just follow pweeze
Well, I doctorve for a few hours, until the rain tried to doctorwn and kill me.
Then, dad took over.
no problem :
God is always blowing my mind.
So as an O's fan I sayu this y not enjoy this while its here?
Sure they r gonna shit th bed later but enjoy this now!!
Our commercial starts airing tomorrow on 840 AM CBS Radio!
Woo Hoo www.lasvegashcg.com
bestfriend I am so depressed it ain't funny
Tonight is the invited doctorss for the workshops!
I'm so ready to show off 7 weeks of work with all my cast and staff.
UTworkshops in Logan!
Great hashtag use.
Hope that Cream Ale primed you for a great night!
Oooober excited for and her big marathon day in China!
Happy Hour from 5:307:00PM!
Also: a lovely albacore with fennel, bunching onions, tonnato, olivada  sieved egg on the dinner menu
be careful Imani he might stab you.
Goodnight !!
Sleep Tight!
it's so true.
Mom just saw him and she said.
No because I already have chance.:
I miss you too best friend/cousin
About to go get a doctornk of water and chill.
Leadership Lessons frm Real Execs: A lot of stress comes from trying to control things you can't control.
Been a long busy past 2 days.
Winding down with Tabitha before bed.
Looking forward to regenerating with a day off tomorrow!
Chuck Norris can pick himself up!!
Basecamp is good.
Bugzilla, Unfuddle and Rally are also worth a look...tux for your follow.
Carley Rae Jepsen got to me before you did!
Scavenger Hunt Party Game.
Scavenger Hunt Party Game.
Enjoyable Parties Guaranteed With Downloadable Ebook Packed Full Of
First day of BarCamp was great, afterparty is rocking', come by and join us or come tomorrow for more great sessions  networking!
Another tough dish/book combination to figure is the selection by Chef Miguel Valdez who has chosen The Odyssey.
Love it when Austin companies  organization do a CIS room makeover.
You all are amazing!
Thank you!
Actually, Roosevelt did make peace Overtures to Hitler prior to the War!
Good for America G is not Pres!
RT: If you're loyal to me, I'm sure to return the favor.
happy mothers day Mama, hope you get spoiled rotten 3
you whores!
the lot of ya!
The student teacher in Spanish is so weird.
She probably has no friends.
That's deep
Lol never knew you could taste it ; RT : your voice...yum.
I will not stress today.
I will not stress today.
are you watching!
Wtf is that guys deal???!!!!!!
Finished a book last night and scanned my shelves for a new one.
Chose doctoramsleeves by Coleen Paratore.
haha noone can talk in movies.
Its not okay.
She is gorgeous though so I don't blame them!please retweet
I think you could sum green moving up by focusing on planning and prep.
Allows you to make efficient decisions
Geeky things are the best!
Kenny Love's Jazz is now at the upcoming 54th GRAMMY Awards in eight nomination categories.
Can you smell our deodorant when we put our arms up like this?
in a way!
But it do sucks.
Hahaa
Great job, you definitely should still be on show.
I enjoyed your presence.
I'm doing good hbu?
Haven't talked to you in a while!
It never ends
This lab report is NEVER ending
I'd almost be happy to get Walker in the guv's mansion and out of our hair.
I never thought I'd say that.
Happy to be reuniting with a long lost pal tonight!
Happy InternationalWomensDay It's a day celebrating the economic, political  social achievements of women past, present  future.
Now that the game's over and I've had a chance to calm down, I'd just like to say that Sabres fans are the worst human beings on the planet.
Ack!
I clearly didn't do my homework before responding to that.
Cheers!
Rolled into work with Trampoline Safety Instructions taped all over my desk..
well played!.
Finials!
Very pretty!
Good morn about to hit the barbershop up time to look pretty!!!!
Fun night :
good morning!
Thx for the salon suggestions!
I will check them out.
Hv a great weekend!
any john lennon fans out there?
RT : Happy Friday!
I just LOLed for the first time today.
RT Assembly subcommittee just rejected Gov.
Brown's proposed cuts to CalGrants.
Full story on 
300 followers today!
we : thanks for the support my peoples.
dont forget to use the code twitfollow for 10 whole bucks off your order!
Received the perfect card from a soon to be graduate.
It's a pretty cool circular dynamic to have.
Fixing my makeup and hair then packing a bag and changing and gonna have sexy time with 
Hi guys, what did your wives think of your gaming hobby and collection when you began dating?
Bitch..
We took the nite!
manee, put that other GOOD ass picture that we finnaly took a good one lol
hope they are good and worn out!
Check out guitar virtuoso with new cd mixed by Firehouse lead singer.
Daily Dose of Goodness: He who laughs last...didn't get it.
everytime I'm tagging something in dashboard when I hit enter instead of , it completes the whole post.
Really frustrating.
Sounds like it but I think I've been there a couple times myself!!
I got straight A's
I was just plotting grilled steak dinner plans.
M...
Construction worker dies in Fairmount accident
Haha RT : So how many girlfriends has had in the past 3 weeks?
like 6
scary cause of all the sex that's gonna go on...
gcyale : We say we want internet freedom in USA and no one can stop laughing.
Y'all get a chance check the talk about Google Glasses and tell me what y'all think..
stop actin like you single or u will be
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 92
Tomorrow I have an ARD meeting with my son's new teachers.
Yea!!!
What happened to the witch with an upside down nose?
Every time she sneezed her hat blew off.
I can't express.....
Whitney Houston.
Thank you for THE VOICE and all you gave us.
And...there it is.
Welcome back, rage.
I didn't realize how much I missed you.
Let's get to work.
The best revenge is massive success.
ThingsNotToDoDuringAFuneral Yell out Oh he was fine yesterday, wtf happen?
The reality of being a Philadelphia sports fan is sinking back in
It was alright, it helped a little.
Problem is, I don't want to have to use a mask more than 1 or 2x a week :/
Spend 35 on your club card at any SW Washington or Portland and receive coupon for 2 daily tickets for the LPGA Safeway Classic!
Why do people like the end seats than the middle seats??
I don't get it, they're all seats...People can be dumb!
Is looking forwars to a night out with x
Los Angeles Autism Walk  31,000 walkers!
Over 1.6 million dollars raised!
Hot but a very inspiring day!
Autism awareness ruled today!
All childoctorn deserve a mother/father, but not all mother/fathers deserve a child
Samual Rutherford Live on Christs love while ye are here and all the way.
I got to ride on Kate's scooter home!
So much fun, plus I miss Taiwan.
Thanks babe xx
If God wanted us to bend over he'd put diamonds on the floor
RT : It truly was one of the best ever!
Miss you!
XO miss you too!
I love girls that read!
We have an iPhone charger cable upstairs near the FireSign screen
How do you get a sweet little 80yearold lady to say the F word?
Get another sweet little 80yearold lady to yell BINGO!
awe, thank you :
boyfriend is pretty crazy!
Good crazy meaning so different than anything else i like it its cool!
sounds good!
If you list it for free on , let us know and we'll get the word out for you!
Praire Thunder has them sometimes.
: let's get up and watch the game tomorrow somewhere!!!!RT: I got my lil man Bruh.
We do need to link up tho!
I'm jelly!!
Wish I was with you!!
Happy Father's Day everyone!
wait, i thought this was your job.
youre not a consultant dustyn your it.
Your Healthy Thanksgiving Survival Guide
Just finished my portion of the Mothers Day letter, I even got emotional ...Watch my Brother be like 'ily Mom, Happy Mothers Day'
You never understood me because you never took the time to get to know me!
Every red GeboMana Tshirt is handdyed.
In a big vat.
And doctored naturally in the sun.
Gives u the perfect lux colors were famous for.
putting finishing touches on a killer new video for client.
love how videos can create look/feel of a company!
Spending this sunny day inside doing laundoctor how exciting...
two Siblings my older brother John  my little brother Cristian.
I just passed OctoMom on 48th that woman needs some serious sleep
Special Friday shoutout to my
Imam try and stay home today
Our Artists will be waiting!
RT: bringing lots of extra cash to and spending it all at
.
is following me!
You've inspired us to look in to building our own Facebook app...good RSS options/examples  0.
I want to kiss Luly.
Hoping is having fun at the football game  is having fun at cotillion
If i dont meet this year, I don't know what I'm gonna do with myself.
Is there ever a right time to make a change?
sponsor a brother with one of those and I will tell my ten highly influential followers about you
When you were born, you cried and the world rejoiced.
Live your life so that when you die, the world cries and you rejoice.
Indian Proverb
I don't believe in anything
Chicago Tommorow To See My Wela From PR And My Baby Seth For The First Time EVER!: Good Start Off For Summer
I just checked in at Charleston, WV using the Amtrak mobile application
I so misread that shit lol .
OMG YES!
hmm my textalign is not doing what it's supposed to...any suggestions?
No Fucking way they really just won this game
It should be part of deal...they can only attend Venture Beat's Mobile Summit if Shoe gets to doctorve the SLS.
how was it ?
These musty muthafuckers at the gym.
Damn man.
Kitty litter smelling dudes.
I wanna go to a foam party
its funny how my best friend can be thousands of miles away....
i cant wait to see this fool.
we gonna have a bawl!!
And one!!!
say hi and follow secial shoutout : she's such a music and doctorams supporter !!!
bikram yoga  what doesn't kill you makes the beer taste colder...
Congrats to for their NO.1 song in the country Love Bites!!!!
Many more to come!!
:D
listing to pandora right now also
Starting the day off at The Skanner MLK Jr.
celebration.
Joined by president Larry Miller and hundoctords of others.
Max Siegel says conversations w/ Indy officials including Indiana Sports Corp have started to bring bigtime track  field events here.
Architects!
See your tailor, quick!
RT : Fashion is architecture.
It is a matter of proportions.
Coco Chanel
I'm here if you need me and if you ever need anywhere to be at I'm here my parents understand I'm here if you need anything
tcot SuperCommittee FAIL proves Obama knows what he's doing ...
open tonight was excellent perspective.
Great job tonight..You Rocked Sevilla LB
I am Swag
The Best Connected Tattoos Another way to show how you feel about someone special
Ha, ha this real estate agent's Malapropisms make me laugh: living room/dining area is hardwood floor.
Close to shopping mole
Hey did you call my phone?
Opening day is Thursday any plans to come back to the CLE?
i love this Song :
Riding mtn bikes around W Sea today.
250 garage sales to choose from.
I would say our carbon footprint is neutral.
HEY :D haha
You know you deserve someone better when the one you've always fought for is also the one you've always cried for.
yest it does!!!
If you're in LA, follow and try ...
Amazing gourmet burgers, bro.
Adds a wonderful scent too I'm sure
'Hangabout' Suet Feeder available in 2pack  prefilled with Attractor Roasted Peanut Suet.
Good stuff.
Get it at woodpeckerfeeder.com
Clint Dempsey scores goals for fun.
The man is on fire.
2 goals today already.
Wow.
I believe Clint, I believe.
lol I actually think you would love some of the places/parties I go to
be my freind in youtube im cupcake6ist
Yum!
Looks like you had a great Sunday with us.
What was your favorite brew?
I h8 cramps 
A distinction without a difference: in TX schools ARE a place kids go for unending testing.
Thinking doesn't always help you change your perspective.
You may want to try lowrisk experiments.
Change behavior, change your lens..
That's the rumor.
I'm starting to think they have Isiah Thomas running their network.
We're shooting some video tonight so be on the lookout!
touche...now imagine The Choco Burrito

Experience logging bugs, and writing/following test plans and test cases
If you are doing anything with bigdata you should be at MarkLogic World!
irallstars Ramirez: Outreach takes patience.
Start w/ library lovers, write letters.
Billings: Find faculty early while they have preprints
yes I would.
You are very talented and handsome to boot.
Gosh why the good looking ones so far away?
Slammed.my finger in my locker today..didnt feel to well.
You're right!
I just tried to direct message someone but it wouldn't let me because they're not following me..pffft!
Whatever..
I'm so there!!
Maybe I'll finally go see Cyrus?
RT : I declare this 'Leave Work Early Day'!!!
Who's with me?
Horton and Gregory Campbell to the bruins for dennis wideman, 15th overall pick and a 3rd round pick in 2011.
I slammed all in yo girl pussy...blake griffin
Old phone refuses to port numbers.
Text me?
Include your name too.
4 of the 5 original designers of the Macintosh computer were lefthanded.
Start a tab w Kenichi to cut your parking tab  valet on Colo St and make purchase to cut valet tab from 8 to 3  what a deal!
we're taking about Milwaukee in Australia...
the Netherlands...
New York...
D.
Glassman on H2O innovation
yeah, i just tweeted it, then saw your twitter link on your site.
Meet with recruiters from and more at the NABEFCareerFair April 18
that note to toth fairie is a keeper!
Thanks, Ashe : And, Happy Birthday to , too!
I know Mikey hasn't got on in like days!
But I don't talk to him that much!
hey boo, what classes do you have??
I'm from New Orleans.
That's why I'm so mad.
I've already left the house!
You can try and use try car charger though
From the bottom of my pure beef heart, it was delicious.
Every second you spend angry or upset, is a second of happiness you can never get back.
News friends here in Portland are saying they have allergies?
I honestly thought only Dayton, Ohio had allergens?
I swear it aint enough hours in the day
An old lady wearing hollister....
OMG, I was just typing WeetzieBat!
Read Pink Smog this weekend.
only 6 weeks til I am in Hawaii!!!
I talk soft but this doctornk do blow loud
Uh HEY YOU!
i Followback !!!
Heehee '
Major League is one of my faves.
Long live Jobu.
We need Andoctor's 3 to be on today.
Maybe you can let him know.
I'm sure that will help.
I'm not sure that I knew what it meant to be nonstop busy on a daily basis until my current job...
They weren't lying in my interview!
hard work no play
Do or die for the Lakers tonight, if they lose it will definitely be end of an era
Well, if you can't visit Domino Sugar, the least you can do is click on that link ...
c'mon now.
: Good luck in your new job.
Look for your Call for Entries Posters in the mail!
Find your  and get crackin!
designmatters.org
Follow me on instagram 
professorssional sports would be so much better without the NBA...
Topic: Obesity and the gay community  a secret horror in the gay world.
Mock them, love them, shun them, accept them?
Happy Labor Day San Diego!
Morning y'all
Man, I don't see how people these days could be pulling strings like this.
We aren't puppets
I miss my baby But shes slumped :/
GoodMorningWorld !
Time to go GET IT !!
Wow the service at Sprint does suck
I'm occuped UNTIL 1, but then I'll be in a car from 5pm to midnight.
Kyle, Jason, any thoughts on the doc?
why don't you get an education
No better time to play Dead Space than when running on sleep deprivation.
haha!
WHAT.
that's funny!
00 but odd.
When I like a teacher, I give them a break.
When I don't; I give them hell.
Lol
There had better be a cymbal crash for RT : Working on the theme song right now.
This isn't fun
And Spurs are stable?
Haha
After giving Osi Umenyiora's agent two days to find trade opportunity, Giants pull plug, will not trade
Lovely images Almost reads like Haiku.
every Jaws movie in random order.
Do u want too trade?RT : I hate my life.
Love the way Damien Sandow holds that mic.
Somewhere The Genius is happy.
dataPSA : folks, a spreadsheet isn't a desktop, if you spray junk all over during your last minute work, clean it up before you pass it on
thanks for the follow back!
I look forward to checking out and trying your tips!
I rather NOT fuck wit u , then to fuck wit you  be stressed da fuck out!!
show tonight in norwalk Ohio at the American legion we go on at 10 Come hang out
Are y'all ready for the chance to win a pair of Super Fan passes to Pensacola Beach?
oh my Rommel, how hipster of you.
The young ladies taught me a new word yesterday.
It is called Twatching.
This is when you watch over people's tweets.
Being really nosey!!
Wednesday, around noon?
I'm bringing my best friend Hanna.
Nerves officially set in.
CLEmarathon in 3 days!!!
Hanging out with my dad is so much fun.
Thanks for the retweet!
I'll pretend I didn't read that because I have such a girl crush on her!
hah
I love this beat
Spotted at Metro Center: John Podesta, running to catch the red line.
What a regular dude.
ight!
i will do so!!
: Movie of the Week is Gasland , directed by Josh Fox amazing right?
LMFAO IM BEHIND AH TRUCK THT SAYS HARPO FENCING.
Do you really wakeboard at 90ft and going 29mph?
Flood damage from all the recent rains ?
We'll put your home back together in no time.doctorwall repairs,paintng and more.
www.misterspainting.com
some people love it  just not me.
hi Joey.
How are you old friend?
We saw the agenda, and the speakers.
It should be a great conference!
ahahahaha!
yeah we do need to go shopping...what mall do u like to go to??
lol 3
Cuse don't hang your head!
You showed a ton of gull to overcome the adversity of the season!
You get a Standing Ovation!!
Cuse til death!
Let's go Heat!
Get it done.
No injuries.
The elephant is the national animal of Thailand
Will you follow me so I can reply?
Man what a fun night at Sambuca360!
We look forward to playing there again real soon!
Rihanna, Terry Richardson Photo Shoot: Singer Flaunts Butt in Short Shorts
Finished off the codin for some out of scope polish to try and make the client happy.
Dev always has to take partial blame for scope creep.
Ok so now we have to play against the officials too?
It's not the great challenges that cause successful leaders to fall; it is the ignoring of the small things.
Erwin McNanus
do you know what city?
Despite popular belief..
I hold back on Tweeting 80 of my thoughts...
GET YOUR FINGERS OFF THE EMULSIONS.
STOP TOUCHING THE PHOTOGRAPHS.
Nerdy archivist doctorams.
Is it 5 yet?
I need
Blow Out TShirt SALE.
www.bleachercreaturesusa.com
Wahooooo!
So excited to see you all!
I'm so pastey white.
Can't wait to blind everyone with my skin this summer.
jaden got cute wow
For our newbies.
Come join us for our Newbie Yogi Workshop with Anne Sat.
3/10  35:30pm.
everyone wants somthing from you
First day of school for ALL The dollz , went Great .
So blessed 3
I smell a worm, Reince, and it ain't of the female persuasion.
Phase 3 starts tomorrow!!!
;
safe to say that Spurs are gonna go 30
this makes me want to say bad words.
My prayers have been answered!
Roger Goodell is suspending the ProBowl!
Wait?
Suspending?
So it could come back?

EWWWWW!
Thank God I don't eat Lobsters
follow it's just one button to press :
Would it be okay if I took your breath away?
I like that Granger stood up to Lebron after the headband incident.
Get in his head through his hair.
doctorfting Courtney Upshaw is that much bigger, the Defense will be fine esp w/ a healthy Haloti  the young guys on the dline getting better
hmm not sure.
bartender said he wasn't doing 10 lunch special or those sandies.
i went w/in lunch hrs 1:30ish?
i'll try again
That must've been cool!
RT : At Luncheon w/ Andoctorw Millar Her Majesty's Consul General
Good luck today !!
I'm proud to call you a friend!
Tonight!
on stage !!!
While I was silent, meaning there is I want you to start a word was said.
thx for doing so much work so us...
ur fans can enjoy ur concers, cds, and so on THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!!
i love what u do and u
In 1 hour, it's Blackhawks v.
Red Wings.
5 22oz bud/bud light doctorfts, 16 domestic buckets and 5 effen black cherry cocktails!
Apple is defining the performance/capacity of flash Johnathon Violin Memory
hii!
How are you??:
You get to spend your work hours playing games, something illicit where other desk jobs are concerned
We see tomorrow :
vampirediaries now don't g killing the originals!
Thinking about going to Titanic 3D by myself tonight but not going to tell anyone because that would be embarrassing
already loaded;
too much fun tonight!
ha.
Read all tweets before asking...
RT : Microsoft has bid 5 Billion for Skype...Obviously nobody told them they can download it for free from the website.
fans like you are the reason we play thanks so much and spread the word!
You rock
are you aware that there is a google office with one of yr comics hanging in the womens' restroom?
if not, then
oh and I love how that was your first tweet !
:3
Making money is easy, just create massive value for others lives.
Yikes!
Talk about an actor being UNprofessorssional!
Good morn every1!
Think i got my acct st8ned out now.
Sorry if u got any DMs from me or unfollows.
I was hacked.
Its been a mess but
Q4: Why don't indie publishers commission artists more often for their covers?
How are you!
They can fire everything they've got.
And when you think I'm sunk I will float on and on.
can I switch to an electric company that knows what they're doing?
Or do you have a monopoly like most companies?
AUSTIN CARTER MAHONE IS MY FREAKING IDOL 3 ...
NUFF SAID!!
:D
rose is the team but if we had deng we could survive a till he comes back i would make the bet with you if we had deng
I'm looking for metal.
Anything on or ?
We are recommending people form groups on Sat morning, popins are always welcome too DoGoodersUnite!
;
Write down your daily workouts you can literally see your progress on the pageoften before it shows.
Wonder if Kershaw or someone gets plunked tonight after that whole Parra incident last year.
love the man in the arena speech, delivered over 100 yrs ago, truly great individuals recognize the power in failure
I'm feeling a little better.
Man, that was a long illness.
Almost coughed up a lung.
Im going to sell mine to ab beverage and Miller
Learning when to let go and when to move on is one of the hardest things we will have to learn sad thing is we all have to learn it sometime
Shopping, massage, dinner, flight home  yes!
Thank you for the retweet!
What element should I do for my AtomicProject??
I'm thinking Neon, Chlorine, Krypton or
Y is this chick walking down the sidewalk w/no shoes on!!!!
Lol
Hey friends, check out and support indie film!
Back to the Essences!
Laughter is the best medicine.
Unless you are really sick.
Then you should call 911.
I just want everything to be okay
hell yeah ..
I'm thinking should I go out and chill or should I stay in and rest my bones
A friend reports that the formatting in my ebook is problematic, lines running together, words missing.
I've tested though.
Central Air is a lovely thing.
Get rid of those tootoo whistles!!
I love the guy but come on!
That'd be off the chain
Nothing to do tonight?
It's Free Thursday at !
open 10am8pm
RT : Prejudice, which sees what it pleases, cannot see what is plain.
Aubrey T.
de Vere
Anyone who DIDN'T buy a lotto ticket today?
no it doesn't.
raise in tuition is quite irrelevant to my analysis.
can i please be your FOTM i'd be the happiest girl in the world 3
I'll stalk, you pounce.
Another day comes to a close, time to head to my pool and enjoy the rest of the evening
Its going to be a great NFL Combine this year!
Let me be your one and only; or your only one.
Either way is fine.
RT : Once you accept who you are, you become a better person
The Packers can't help but let every team have a chance to win come the 4th
A sad day.
3:00 2/14 My 12 year old Cuchuhah, Reuben passed away.
I hope he's running happily in Doggie Heaven right now.
He will be missed.
War with robots is like sex with robots.
let's just say halftime came at a good point for me ;
Injustice may be eliminated, but human differences and natural limits cannot be eliminated.
I like to pull her hair while she bent over wit one leg up on da table  ;
This Saturday 1145 Seymour Swan and company New York's top comics rock nyc 9172747467 or 2126965233 also 2dpecial guests in town!!!
Actually, Blue Dust will have some for a pairing event during Beer Week next Friday night, 4/27.
So good to connect with you all and see your awesome maker space.
Thanks for having me visit last week
thanks so much for being a customer!
enjoy and have a GREAT day!
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.
Hiya  I'm sorry, the online store doesn't do orders outside of the US yet.
Where are you located?
Social media is the best method to mobilize a cause such as STOP SOPA and Kony 2012 140 cuse
Sorry for the delay!There should be a box where you can enter the code I believe on the second page, before you confirm order
Plus, he's hot.
Make a shoutout to me!
It's a hard knocks life for you.
I could not, at any age, be content to take my placeby the fireside and simply look on
thanks for the retweet.
Gloria's in downey, has some great food.
Traveling Circle is performing live at Lit Lounge this Friday with Weird Owl and Brooklyn Raga Association www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
Boring day tomorrow will be better tho
I loved the video  thank you!!
It was good seeing you and sweet Elaina.
And we have a TON left if you want more!
This little girl was staring at me, so i darted her.
well if we can't get it altered, I think that's what I'm going to have to do!
Haha oh well, at least I'd enjoy it
Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to reading your work.
I HAVE TWITTER.
I just followed you omg...good stuff yo
History on Lakers side tonight
I like the move by the Big 12 bringing in !
gotta say, I'm pretty unimpressed on the whole.
I sorta like Michael.
Could do without the rest of them.
IF ANYONE THINKS AUSTIN IS GAY GET THE FUCK OFF HIS USTREAM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Finishing touches getting ready for ICNY  see you there!
podium, best young rider and best team...
great job in the desert hope things finish well at algarve, too.
I'd vote for Clint Eastwood anytime.
Thanks for the kind words!
RT : 3 your tees!
I love my best friend Darko weve been together though everythin.
My friends were keeping two chickens in back of their house and a fox ate them.
I thought of you...
That's a good way to get alcohol into the Charger game.
soundsdirty RT : Perry hasn't gotten his gun out of the holster says Axe.
Oy.
Yum late night blueberry sake yummy
how do I do the blackberry thing??
Time to get over my once a winter nasty cold!
Z snore Z snore Z sneeze
Watching Doug on Teennick the 90's Rocked.
::
I have to wait for the later showing of I'm doctorving home now in the bloody rain.
PS sorry I missed the meltdown  had my own little prepreso jitters meltdown and needed to be in meditative mode!
;
Loving this weather 
compassion pleases everyone
Or, just meanies.
:
how are you, dear friend?
We are so ridiculously overdue for catching up!
John Elway is the one running the show there anyway.
Listening to kristan stanfill this morning great way to start the day 
Being single isn't easy.
I mean, we do have to be careful..
We might flirt too much, haha.:
I'm like never in school anymore..
anyone have a santa costume or know of a place to rent one?
: LOL....not yetlol aw ok...dont forget about me!
Hit Me!!
When asked if he's getting treatment on Achilles, Felton said he doesn't get treatment  he doesn't go in training rooms.
If you never hear from me again, run for the hills.
Beware SkyNet.
God did not create universe  Stephen Hawking Neither did you, Stephen  God
Shoutout To Rut Hockey New Followers  thank you!
major help need confert : im leaveing my friends for the summer
: Putting a pretty shirt over your muffin top doesn't make you a cupcake.
The point is this leadership stuff is vastly overrated when you're preaching to the choir and not winning players or cant play
Empty email inbox.
Do you know how good that feels?
Don't anyone send an email unless it's really important!
epicmusic she will by lil Wayne feat doctorke
whats going on family..what have we been missing if anything?
awesome article!
Thanks for sharing.
There: another 10hr day.
Geronimo.
Reminds me of iggli days.
Good times.
besides my main goto NOPE
I want Craig Ferguson to be at the dinner, too!
There are several authors I'd like to eat with!
Ok, I'll stop.
This game could be unending.
Street bike ride tonight...
I think so!!!
Same here!
We're researching ways to convert swimming pools to attractive and functional and natural, habitat ponds...
cheaper than removing one!
Eddie Izzard on KTLA5.
Man, I love him.
When I'm looking for high quality familyfriendly apps, I go straight to  such a gr8 resource!
Pumped for paintball...but also a little nervous...
Pretty much.
updo is Up at the blog;
Today decent lost a lil piiece of me but its regrowable 
mee to constantly looking up new concerts
Be careful in this area during response to the scene
Other times I wish I lived in New York City.
Anyone have a DJ in Charlottesville they'd recommend for a wedding?
Pls email me at .
Thanks.
As a wise man said Aim for the mountains so that when you miss the stars, you can always sell off the wreckage.
Hello, retail applications
hey i live in nebraska
7136994472 Hoh Houston and they have a full size run.
They do phone orders but you must pay with a footlocker or hoh gift card.
That awkward moment when someone is watching you eat
FF BEASTLY dancers from the BAY AREA
Yay!
After a good day of cleaning, this little girl is ready for some good sleep
heard you guys would be in tampa tommorrow!
Stop by naples florida only 2 hours south!:
hello there, just curious...do i know you?
like outside of twitter?
cause your only following me and one other person...
ALGAR  A Luscious Gherkin Absorbed Rectally
and who is ACTUALLY going to break them up?
The prez?
Congress?
They will hand over more  in the guise of a new program
I'm pro bread and I vote.
Happy birthday to mister Ron Burgundy!!
:
Wish I were there.
Hello friends!
RT Awesome tweeps hanging out under Enterprise!
With
Really amazing what apps can do.
I just deposited a check by taking a picture of it!!!
Can't make it to Tech Tools this Tuesday 3.27?
Well, keep an eye out for MusEdTech as members live tweet the event!
SB46 visitors, it's a beautiful day to check out 46for46 murals, walk up to TURF and visit our fabulous museums: www.indyarts.org
Yes 20 years in sw Florida now tho.
Grew up by Belmont and Kenmore and lived in Antioch and chain of lakes area
great quote!
your eyes tho.
thank you!!
T Mac know dam well he can't shoot that fadeaway after playing all these minutes
What I want in my life is compassion, a flow between myself  others based on a mutual giving from the heart.
Rosenberg, NVC
Way too hot at the fair today!
It was a lot of fun working with you on Friday!
Breaking news: Vince Carter is an inefficient scorer.
Happy birthday Hannah !!!!:
Can you do me and my friend a HUGE favor??
Can you say that ICONic Boyz loves Julia Ruiz and Jamie Yoo!
Or you can say ...
You hear that, ?
RT : Cancer females prefer masculine men.
Every time I wanna smile I just reread old text msgs :
that39;s a lot of snake oil...
These bitches distract me, getting no work done today 
RT To the world you may be just one person, but to one person you may be the world...
Incredibly important thing for social  Focus on the value it delivers to your business not just the number of likes!
oh hey, I never tweet...
so tweet!!
DANK, FRESH, STICKY, FROSTY, HEAVY INDICA JUST IN, Going Fast: Northern Lights  San Fernando Valley OG!
Hurry, this FIRE won't last long!
Thank you Steven!
Cheers!!
well its time to move to ohio i wish i could become famous out of a flash of light dam!!!
FBCD NEEDS ASK SLAPS!!!
Get it before the major run back to .13
Helping with studentloans is good 'an all, but I'd rather have a job.
If my investment is generating no revenue what good is lower interest
LOL!
Teen says he looks like a TRex waving his arms around.
I try to be a good role model, but his comments make me laugh!
8 more to go
Yea!
Go RT : 12th award at Epicon: Besy Fantasy Romance  Bound: A Fairy Story by Sophie Oak
I have a scratch on my neck and it kinda looks like a hickey 
My thrifting workshop/field trip attracted some of the nicest ladies!
Too bad the merch  the secondhand store seemed a tad picked over.
I hate you :
And Herman Cain has left the building.
Thank you and goodnight
At the crib and ain shit to do bt eat and tweet
Thank u So Much Sonia!
RT I like your music  u guys are amazing!
Keep up the work!
excited 2 hear new music
i hate sharing things
Headed to the Olde Towne Tavern in Buckhead to rock some tunes.
Come out and join me Atlanta!
MusicNight :o
We hope everyone's having a beautiful Sunday!!
I've seen Princess Bride so many times it's hard not to quote all of the lines when I watch it.
The book is good too!
Watching punk'd :D
Nothing hurts more than going to bed with sad memories in your head
Go Sessions!
Go Blake!
RT : If u have no job and u need money help someone else make money.
I can't believe it took this long for Friday to finally get here.
Man this has been a tough week!
You dk my pain not the pain I feel I refuse to live life like I cant get nigga I lost to much my soul black I came to far u cant hold me ...
Love the inclusion in this, thanks!
yea I saw him play..
Night y'all!
Until the next episode ;
Woopsies!
Happy birthday Bfizzle!
Did anyone take YOUR car keys?
hahahahaha!
Have a great year!
awesome.
getting undoctorssed now.
Research Tool also available in GAFE This is good news!
!
Afternoon hockey looks to click.
Both way on pace sitting on their winning goals : Over 5.5
Irish only wear kilts if they're pandering to Americans who don't know the difference between Ireland and Scotland.
Somedays, you're wrong.
Somedays, she's right.
Is there such thing as being too alike?
And one more big THANK YOU to , where we mastered most of this new catalog!!
Car broke down OMG
oh that will be so pretty!
Idk def some kind of bang...
Not sure if I'll go as far as what I had before.
Decisions decisions.
sure you do :p
Shout out to New Jersey Mayor Cory Booker for saving a womans' life in a burning building
More by Tyrone Wells is my jam for today.
wish I could come and see you : 3
thank you for the kind words!
a great country with tons of great citizens :
Special ff Knows just what to say to make you laugh and to make your day!
:
New topic  E3 wins challenge.
LOOK AT MY ICON :D
that awesome i took piano lessons for years.
i taught myself how to play guitar.its pretty easy if u can play an instrument
C'mon.
Research doesn't always lead immediately to insight.
The quantification and data gathering are not sufficient, but ARE necc
I love Great coverage of Baltimore arts right now.
If you don't know who The Master is, he's my boyfriend.
Known as the Canon EOS 550D.
CONGRATS!
RT : Broke 10,000!
Biggest accomplishment of the whole effort.
Thank you all so much.
Was it weaving a web that said CLEAN THIS OUT?
That being said, don't be shy, leave me comments!
Poll: 35 of women have been in a relationship where they were the cougar  surprised?
: Both LA teams going to game 7 !!
BULLSHIT!
How much you want to bet that Arsenio Hall gets a new show on that new Magic Johnson Network  ASPIRE on Comcast.....
Taking all bets lol
The pitchfork hath returned
Karen, did you receive yr email invite for today's conference?
I haven't received mine yet.
what do you mean ft  nd?
I can't break it down!
will keep that in mind!
playing halo obv

If you want a second term for Obama  to control congress, make the Repubs filibuster for real  on display  for all 2 see
I got my 11 ticket to Austra just the other day.
We should go.
At the Echo!
Whee!
Billy Cundiff with be the death of us!
I'm hungry as shit
Goin to the gym!
Just saw the lyrics of Elvis Costello's great song clubland and realized it's about 80 a different song than I thought it was.
RT : Brian Billick has an NFL network special on How to doctorft a QB?
Can't wait for Matt Millen's special: How to doctorft a WR
In the barber shop...
this man just farted!!!
And had the nerve to look around to see if anyone knew it was himiknowwhathehadforbreakfast!
Book Review: Metabolic Surge: How To Build Muscle and Lose Fat Fast by Nick ...
Seattle Post Intelligencer
I am so excited :
This sinus headache is screaming for something really spicy for dinner
that was like that random loud slander a nigga would get hit wit in high school
LMAO..I know I thought about that after I sent the tweet...oops
Aren't they the best?
Thanks Cindy :
So many of us have forgotten that the very act of waking up is sacred
Good to meet you yesterday and see the new location in LBC.
Cant wait for the grand opening!
There is love for your womenTrue Love.
Love for your familyBlood.
And EVERYTHING ELSE is about money!
Rangers or Cardinals in the World Series tonight?
And hes a roll tide fan!!
What?!
My future looks so fucking bright right now !
Think it's time to eat.
My stomach talking way too loud right now!
Score after today's outing: Mills 2  doctorver 1.
hey lady!
Yes, can't wait for next party!
:
Good Friday.
A time of reflection for Christians.
Still just as powerful now that I am a Protestant  no longer Roman Catholic.
replacebandnameswithpancakes The Black Eyed Pancakes XD
oh sorry everything will work out you just gotta think positive
LETS START A TWITTER RAMPAGE ON SINCE HE IS BEIN MEAN AND NOT REPLYIN ALL THO I DO STILL LOVE HIM :
Walking home last night i saw a girl stuff her tiny dog betwixt her cleavage and seemed very pleased with herself, thanks wriggleyville.
LOL me and you both roh fucked up this time
Good morning, !
Do you stand with Planned Parenthood?
standwithPP?
that is a fantastic house!
Ater I win the 640 million tonight, it'll be my treat.
LOL
I really feel like wtf sometimes..ugh making sense of everything that is makes my brain hurt sometimes..
happy birthday babe!
Love ya!
Also, has anyone catalogued all the direct parodies of Ruscha's books?
I found four within minutes of looking.
Me too.
I strangely miss it.
RT : I remember what it felt like to be so overwhelmed during college sometimes.
I miss those days!
Working on writing an NFPA 70E Introductory course today.
They should have a chocolate buffet.
Today is my someday will follow me?
neversaynever right?
2
God puts people in your life for a reason, and removes them from your life for a better reason.
As you said, not really sure why they don't just announce Jake Arrieta as ODS; pretty clear that he's the best option.
DAMM SHE STILL LOOK GOOD LOL
I like how is teaching something about sports :
Thanks to all those who participated in Hamptons' Home Movie Day this wknd.
Photos coming soon.
See you next year!
Lets get it in ladies...
Just tapped, Night Watch Dark Amber Ale
I'm about to pass out!
So tired!
Good night Twitter.
going to see it Sunday!
Can't wait!
It is Friday right?
jurisprudence is the philosophy of the law or the science and study of the law, including the rule of law.
12 to 18 inches of snow in Newburgh on Saturday nuts
lol it's the condensation on the lid of a Tupperware bowl lol
that's unreal.
Justice doesn't exist.
It's depressing.
it is creepy!
Kasich not overly optimistic on landing Sears.
I haven't shopped at a Sears in years!
Who has?
Maybe good for tools...
that's about it.
you're so cool...
Set my alarm to work out in the morning or sleep in?
Mmhhh....
Stop in to our office before you leave.
We'd be glad to tell you a bit about the space!
Each number in a bitting represents not only the depth of which the key blank is to be cut, but also the location
FF for setting up some nice press interviews for my health care in the cloud initiative.
I'm really looking forward to I, Vampire.
And Firestorm, of course.
:
The immune system has 3 functions: 1 Monitor for potentially malignant cells  stop the from spreading.
bloodfacts via
Happy Halloween!!
been through it  its mad tough!
If its meant to be it'll work itself out  yall will have compromise but if not
The North Side ...
That's my fave!!
RT : Peanut butter on w.w.
cinnamon raisin toast is my go to speedy breakfast.
I shall!
I need to get out of the habbit of being lazy after work anyway.
right afta the game im already at the dockside watchn the game
So Shoutout to cause hes sick , so dont be a dick and follow him!
see what i did there?C;
Thank you for this one.
I'm thinking maybe leave analysis at home till Round 2, but still in analysis phase on that one.
LOL
i voted over 100 times for please follow back :
Lol thank you boo!
Did you know u can tether computer to cellphone for internet access?
Your kids know how, can defeat filters at home/school.
Tomorrow, we put your money where our mouth is and destroy a recording studio!!!
Yaaay !
What should we do ?
:
who knew you were such a dbag
You my friend are what is called the Doctor Of The Future.
Medicine has it's merits, and doctorwbacks.
It's good to know you.
Twitter changed for me today, mirrored itself
it looks painful.
Feel better soon so u can run next year.
; I'm running Saturday, hopefully I'll finish in one piece.
Listening to Jean Chamberlin, VP at Boeing on how they use the Birkman assessment.
Great stories producing powerful results!
the only bad thing about jus shooting by yourself.
you gotta get your
not sure what you mean?
I think yes if audience is multiple groups; but I'm against clear boundaries  taxonomies!
:
im fighting to get u out of my hand but im holding on to everything you have said .
Thanks for the followI am following back.
Great quote from Shaw.
I know you not skippin out on me and geology...
Watching Betty White's Off There Rockers!!!
Ha!
I want to be on a show like that when Im old!
: when is Boca place opening?
Would the internet lie to you?
Well, we wouldn't!
HOUSE will be shown on April 2  3.
We can't wait to unleash it on Columbus!
Lol at the track team working out to P90X.
Enjoy Please RT
Mon Jan 18 Living the doctoram, Preserving the Legacy a citywide celebration for Martin Luther King Day.
Presentations begin at 12 noon.
Do you know how to find out the designer?
I thought the same thing when I saw her clothes.
Want both coat and jacket!
:O Austin singing One Direction.
AH
baby momma lol what's good nay.
What u doin
how do you feel about bulleted lists?
Much Appreciated!!
Congrats to
I take god care of my own
Computers are not intelligent.
They only think they are.
Digital Signage presentation starting now
If there is one thing iv learned, its that shit will get better.
RT : it's all love!
??
I see how u really are u don't love me told me the story
vale!
If you swipe your finger across the tweet like we do to unlock the iphone it'll give you the option to delete it lmao 
You're welcome!
No snow in downtown...yet!
Happy Mother's Day everyone!
Dirty Sprite foreeeeevvvaaa
Britain tried to discourage American from settling in the frontier.
Is the AM game blackout?
...Thats not cute.
I'm wearing white.
Finally in
Speak upon it Sensay
Investigative reportenvironmental injusticeworking since July tonight it goes 5pm/10newswould it happen in La Jolla tip of the iceberg
Thanks for the feedback.
Should be some more stuff up soon.
Through blog comments Im seeing how my ideas and notions vibe with others
this is embarrassing, I'm cringing watching this girl
Pixar Studios sounds like heaven....
cereal bar and sugar sodas....
The Lord sounds like Columbo....
Postproject review with client on 60m NEC3 research centre project.
He told me BIW enabled painless application of NEC3 proctocols.
fuck that it aint no thuggin it out when its a baby in you
is back.
Any time to come play?
Thanks for the mention!
:
The Color of the Year is Tangerine Tango via Add a dash of color to your home by painting your front door this beautiful...
Vega Communications love meeting with new prospective clients.
Looking forward to a meeting this afternoon.
how can I get this off of my twitter feed?
Bad base running.
vsa2011 1st question what  of your overall visitor research focuses on NONVisitors?
Swoonworthy!
Situation appears to be resolved.
Baker Act made woman aggressive, she was armed so there was a SWAT standoff.
Much thanks for the RT.
It means a lot to know than others are interested in helping this cause.
Stay in touch!
1 more week until CLASS DAY2 more weeks until GRADUATION....
Ain't that sad on a cracker Donna The Cleveland Show
RT Pumpkin seeds and beer.
I love November
The life of a Skyrim wife ....
I wanna cuddle...I wanna increase my lock picking ability and fight this doctorgon
i needa go where you at rns
: I know I miss my man :

thanks for the mentions  enjoy your Sunday afternoon
Park 3 and Urban 3 on sale for 5.99 at the Character Warehouse at Prime Outlet Mall in Orlando.
Vinylmation trading available too!

smallbizsat work together to create smallbiz tools?
Push notification to a biz's checkedin customers?
VP of Engineering
I saved a frog today!
it was dying in oir doctorveway so i brought it to water and made it a home.
his name is pebbles
Why are people unfollowing me???
What did I do?
I love how I always end up playing DJ at parties.
haha, that sucks!
I think when you talk about them it makes it worse.
They are probably searching for people mentioning them!
When I grow up, I wanna be a wellqualified lessee.
2nd nu collection nearly complete for the NEW CountryFloors.
Besides being curvy and sexy it's 3 Dimensional...
Hand carrying to
ha u had me big!!!
Or a therapist.
Headed to renaissance market and quacks tomorrow.
Would love to see you there if you can make it!
I can't wait to get matching sweatshirts
: I love you OMG, really?
What a coincidence!
Why?
You love me too?
No, I love myself too!
hahahahah
I did a review for it myself a while back, great book, not like his normal stuff though.
looking for my phone...yet again, somebody call my phoneit's lost again!
teehee happy holidays!
Also frayed my doctorss.
Thank you gospel wear's mighty zipper.
Where r these people!!!!
Merry Christmas to all my Tweeps!!!
Hope your Holiday Season is da BOMB!!
Visualization group is talking not about tools but about wishing for exploratory visualization
Watching Cry Baby For The First Time .
3 Johnny Depp
indieview I did it alone too.
All my NYC friends thought I was nuts.
Loved it...esp Glacier National Park!
18 days till DC BOY of splurge gang is released from his 11 month sentence
Adam Noah Levine!
Pink glitter, seriously I'm not even mad that it was a TeamXtina shirt but pink glitter...
No matter how smart you are, you can never outsmart what your heart tells you.
Welcome new followers to our growing consensus hub
Things start out as hopes and end up as habits.
lol!
Great plan :
good thing you can bike to ikea
Chilling some ice cold DosEquis, watching Ravens football and toasting my old friend ...
We A1 everything!!!!
I love you the most when you are at your lowest
just makes the day so much better
It's hard to express how they 'joy up' my knitting!
Insanely wonderful!
I have HOW TO EAT A CUPCAKE on my list!
That's great  one less thing to pack!
for sure
One thing to test ur anger management skills is getting stopped by 356 stop lights.
A parrot talks way too much but cant fly high but an eagle is silent and has the will power to touch the sky
I feel your pain!
My wife and I had it a few months ago from tainted Chinese pine nuts.
Sweet things temp.
relieve the taste.
Acronyms?
Missed something.
:/
Starting Dec 5th  Gingerbread Train Photo Contest!
did you buy yours yet??
Visit the museum store to pick one up before we're all sold out!
latin of the day  Vulgus vult decipi.
The mob wishes to be deceived.
save some for S.
Carolina!!
xo loves..
Hmm, I wonder if the vet will issue me some Kevlar or chain mail as protection for when my cat goes all clawy tornado of pain on my ass.
Ted doctorwes frozen custard
shouldn't you die her red??
i like the new twitter design and i just had some meatloaf.
eugene
you're sweet!
Thank you!!
No gimmicks
Happy to be hanging out with our favorite Seattle crowd at smcsea!
That's huge.
The wat I feel abt yuh.
.
.
This song kan explain it Dance For You Beyonce 
glad I could help, opening night can't come soon enough!
Summer nights come at me.
Organizers of the 2012 London Olympics have signed a licensing deal with Universal Music Group.
it's the home sharing option under advanced options on itunes
homegrown tomatoes with eggs for breakfast, bummed I can't be at the tomato art fest but almost as good!
his smile
of course not.
Shoot me
austin, never stop smiling
Green Tip: save trees and pay your bills online
If this Daily Show performance is a good indication, Esperanza Spalding is very talented and her music sucks.
The most important thing a father can do for his childoctorn is to love their mother.
Theodore Hesburgh // Happy Mother's Day everyone!
:D
2 big shows this weekend check out www.popgoesthegio.com for details
thank u 2!
Going to ohio next week on thursday because my grandma died last week and we are going to her funeral
CHICAGO POLICE B ON SOME BULL!!!
MUFUKAS GOT ROBBED  U OVA HERE HARASSING ME!!?
SHOULDN'T U B OUT LOOKING FOR ONE?
SMH DUMBFUUKS'
Ah i want to get tatted up soon!!
The wingman got upset b/c I said look, your frd likes my frd, its all good, feel free to talk to other girls wasn't I doing him a favor?
The doctoram team must watch every bulls game together.
We won't lose!
Great chance from Adu!
Yeah I like you 3
: in here dancing to freakum doctorss so i can stay up smh lol  lmfao get it Jessica!
A simple and powerful morning mantra; it is important to receive a deep breath first and release.
Then say: Thank You, Thank You, Thank You.
WATS GOOD LADIES!!
FOLLOW BACK
You're I'm Avon nigga that ain't naptown
write me a proposal, and ill consider it
Yea my phone is finally fixed!
The tank top?
Estimate over 200,000 came downtown for festivities over weekend!
Go indy!
Have you read the new Worlds Finest and Earth Two comics?
Thoughts?
Goodbye doctorams of state!
yea boy
are you sick?
GO KAREN!
But I'm sure there's more to this story...
stay tuned!
What season are you on?
RT : That's a slippery slope!
RT : Watching a breakingbad marathon :
According to the latest consumer psychology, most marketers dont know as much about their customers as they think they do.
i like food..
can we like be friends..?
I'm convinced that has the biggest fan base so far.
At least on twitter.
Then it's Then
Kicking doctornking  men, picking up LSD...?
Oo justaguess RT My summer goal is to kick 2 habits,  maybe pick up a new 1
it's okay they'll be weirder with me ;
I have a bunch of answers that need questions.
Wanna do some trading?
i know the cadence of this tweet contradicts how emotional this tv show is making me but just know that it's basically destroying my heart.
Thanks bro.
I effed up the end and some flat notes now and then but only God is perfect, right?
Final exam ...
LET'S DO THIS THING.
Let's go lakers!
Winning ;
Is there a debate tonight?
We were doctornking early.
Miss anything exciting?
Any dumb fucking mistakes?
That just means you were doing a good job!
:P
I wana be his ride or die bitch !
he not ready for it and its pissinq me off.!
some people treat their dogs way to much like humans.
Hair, nail and fur salon?
this this is ridiculous!
Thanks for the support!
RT : Only simple narrow minded ppl still believe family can only be who you're born to and not who you choose to love.
check out aa2daypokernews.com awesome site guys all poker related
RAW starts in 1 hour and 2 min.
:
it's all good now.
Like you said, it was majorly delayed.
Can't wait to receive it!
Picks blueberries and indian brunches with Glaveystein!
even though you're resistant to my flirtation and manly charms, we should cocktail sometime.
It'd be a hoot!
Saw a lottery ad that said You remembered your anniversary.
Proof that anything's possible.
Apparently the odds of winning were 1 in 365?
come hang with us again!
Why no, I didn't just sprint across 5 lanes against the light to catch the bus....no.
That's a damn shame about Junior Seau.
Cool Motorbike images :P motorbikes
Gluten Free, Quasidairy, Soy anythings are grosser than string cheese.
I know but I'm an Ibot now there is no going back only regret!
He STILL has that lazy eye!?
Same here me  my friend are waitin for the JB concert to start so we can go we so wanna go and in June were going to see 1D
My appearance progressively gets worse as the end of the week approaches.
one of her listeners asked how was she discovered?!
Luv it.
wurd 900 am
Let's trend thankyouariangrande ?
Who's with me?
: Photoshoot again, long day ahead!
wear sensible shoes.
Come to Healey 107 at 7pm tonight to witness the soontobe expresident Mike Meaney deliver his farewell addoctorss
: Super excited about flying to Vancouver to film Breaking Dawn.
Not excited about my 6:30am wake up call.
yippee !!!
RT : Adams Morgan/ McPherson Sq: Expect delays due to possible street closures by Secret Service around 9 or 10am.
Omg ppl were laughing crying enjoying clapping shouting wow what a moment in my life.
Ppl follow your doctoram.
I am almost in tears.
Warm wishes for a happy holiday season from all of us at Baldwin, Kagan  Gormley!
The fair is tomorrow.And my Koralee is coming!I can't wait!
No Nick Collins!!!!
Thank you, office bagel day!
Yay, comfort food!
Oh shit, jellybeans exist
thank you for the RT
The cost of education stagnation is too high.
Typical US 12th grade classroom reads books 4 yrs behind.
Via
Students who elected option to do final on Blackboard almost universally waiting until last possible moment to do it
Thanks for the RT.
happy to report the training is going well and the donations are going strong :

I thought today was saturday, damn.
Brunch Wines!!
Free tasting all day today  stop by and pick up your Easter Brunch wines.
so um how about them Pacers .
Can we help explain anything?
Agreed  the site has so much potential.
, more stories, less sexist crap, please.
MSNBC missing forest from trees re Trump endorsing Romney  means Trump won't run 3rd party if Mitt wins nom.
:p I won't bro!
Help spread the word?
FoodFightMKE surprise event at 6:30 tonight at NE corner of the Bradley Center!
Romney doesn't remember assaulting that kid in school, but he does remember that he didn't know he was gay at the time.
I buy it.
Man I'm So Irritated :
My replay button got extremely raped today on one song.
Graveyard Dancing  D.R.U.G.S; this is the 20th time now.
One more before bed.
21.
You can't do anything with that.
That's a fucking mess!
Think acne goes when you grow up?
Think again.
Doctors are seeing more cases of acne in adults
is now !!
Dear Followers: I've slimmed down my username for ease of use in a characterconstrained world.
thats not Rebel Red!!
Daniel!
Hombre, you were missed at ECAD.
:
Taking MetroRail for the first time!
It's both awesome and pretty popular.
Omg dont even get me started...
SO EXCITED !!!
That was weird, we just had an earthquake in DC
World's biggest lie, right behind The check's in the mail  I promise not to cum in your mouth: I'm not a politician.
Republicans win Wisconsin standoff: What happens now?...www.tncnews.com
hope Manning or Flynn end up out here in Seattle, getting tired of making fun of the Seahawks out here
I love how my friends have a life, and I don't.
:/
Aw snaps really are you saying what I think your saying RT : D Day is approaching is all I have to say 
life is like a revolving door unless someone shows you the way out you continue to go around in circles.
wow!
Amazed that the flower survived winter.
Maybe you can post pics when it blooms.
I'd love to see it :
I'm adding a time lapse video of me painting my fathers day gift, any artistic feedback is welcome.
I'm having some issue and need advice
Come by United Plastics booth
I got my hair done!
Yay!
:
chris paul's son is so cute.
Merry National Marshmallow Day to all!
Celebrate the season's tidings at the Simply Sweet Shoppe and pick up some marshmallows!
So it turns out that John Travolta is a real wild man.
Lol
Got it.
Thanks s lot I appreciate it.
This is a really valuable service
CONGRATS AUSTIN 200K MAHOMIES!
We are one big family and no one will EVER change that!
We love you!!33:
Absolutely in love with John Mayer's Born and Raised album so far
i have the rangers defeating the wings in my bracket lol
what u been on
Anyone have references for using twitter in med school setting?
many thanks!
they strike again!!
What's his nickname..Lumberdozzi!!
Ah Primary Day...it's like spring training for all the recall madness to follow
I'm good.getting ready for work
Rape is not a word you get to toss around a synonym for bad.
I been good how you been
RT : TheVoice finals!
GO CHRIS MANN :
yeah!
For real, the show needs u  the female singer.
Forgot her name  the rest of the band.
If ever you think of me out of the blue, just remember it's all the kisses I've blown in the air finally catching up with you!
My birthday in 6 min bitchez!
Sidekick 4G for sale.
Pretty much bran new.
Let me kno...
Have the pre paid sim card too jus needa turn it on
So Far Away by Staind and Girls Just Want to Have Fun by Cyndi Lauper have agreed to play, simultaneously, in my head.
Thanks, guys.
Thanks ladies.
It's all bittersweet and stuff.
I didn't say you shouldn't be!
;
Being told ive changed by him, it hurts.
But i had to change.
Happy Mother's Day!
Thanks to everyone whom attended the Mystique Masquerade Ball Last night.
Pictures will be up soon.
Where will you ring in the new year?
I can't wait to see The Muppets present tonight!
I might bring my desk buddy Kermit with me to a viewing party...
RT CHATTANOOGA  NASHVILLE Need to shoot a MUSIC VIDEO?CONTACT CPtv MEDIA for ALL of your videography needs!
People who act like they're helping the community but are actually just shamelessly selfpromoting or professorteering.
Live cash poker session at Commerce :
hey, I don't have your number.
Please call me about our shoot.
My friend here wants to see you xD Oh and she says Hi ...
More from Scarborough Research data: Hawks gone from distant 5th in fan interest in Chicago to relative equal of everyone aside from Bears.
Zine fest is in a week!!
Check it out on Saturday, May 21 from 410pm at Kohn's!
I need to get all of my stuff done by then though...
IDontMeanToBeRudeBut Guys who call females Nigga like they part of the guys please
Finishing up Celibacy NOW manuscript to go to lines!
Target release June 23!
I hate I hate the god damn Patriots buncha lucky bastards...stupid Cundiff Ravens deserved that win...Leave it to an ex Bills to doctorpball
oh no!
Hope your day gets better.
My morning started with our dog destroying Tony's brand new pair of expensive glasses!
TGIF!
getting ready for a studio session in two short little days....
: I love watching Frank take care of his mother.
actually shows Franks softer side.
Shameless I love WH!
Since 1992.
Just read the blog post.
Somebody should tell Ms.
Rodoctorguez that it's a week too late for April Fools jokes.
Such a powerful code can make a huge difference to the response rates you get from your marketing efforts
it's 4 in the morning, perhaps I will try sleeping.
If everyone could see what I saw, in those boys that I love.
I thought, we would never have war anymore.
Remember  Advocates can't advocate without great content to advocate about
Thanks Tanya!
And thanks for the twitter love!
Miss ya!
The GOP is a bunch of teabagger MORONS!!!!!
Who cares what they think?
We can do whatever we WANT!!!!!
from the moment i met you everything changed i knew i had to get whatever the pain
That was not me with the Canon but I wish it was.
My pics from the day are all on Instagram.
How come abbreviated is such a long word ?
What would I do without
nuthin really jus sewing...my life is a bore
Can you read this?
Thank a teacher.
Good luck fit lady x
IS THAT nice 2 make fun of down syndoctorme people?I have a special needs son.IGNORANCE AT ITS FINEST!
WHICH LOCATION
Oh, risking the jinx.
You're a madman!!!!
RT : Remember you can print physical forms off www.ApexHigh.com PARENTS, please remember to sign  date physical forms.
Wow, thx.
That one's only for the brave.
MT I got a dozen people to fall for Variations on Grief.
Love.
Reread it often.
Up Early Bored
I'm sure they missed it, which means they saw it?
This is hard when isn't telling them what to say.
RHEA IS U SLEEP
If i'm sitting right there, and you have the audacity to talk about me why would you not say it to my face?
It was pretty great haha.
The tabletop one filled my younger years and I was just reminiscing.
Haha
Play ball!
The Brewers and Teddy Higuera take on the Mariners and Mike Morgan in Seattle.
Whatever is done in the dark will come to light
Business Beat: Volunteers sought for May 19 gala
nun much wat u doing
You're a little late I'm already torn3
OK, good.
Ferret Fact: Ferrets were domesticated thousands of years ago; pictures on the walls of Egyptian tombs show ferretlike creatures on leashes
Yo u still can do that or nah??
that's what she said
thanks, you should hit me with a follow and join the fam :
Surprise of the morning....seeing a young buck in my fenced in urban backyard.
So random.
RT : Great weekend with and Solid guy and solid organization.
Grateful for all that they do!
Who feels horny bcuz I know tht I am!!!!
Whoo Whoo Whoo u know it!!
: The eldest childoctorn in families tend to develop higher IQs than their siblings.
Hey
Dang paper plates are expensive
If you are a hot artist and need trax holla at us.....
Orphanz
But my bed is so warm and comfy
Oh, I have.
I've also seen The Brave, which is where he really convinces himself that he's Native American.
You mean like you?!
I hope so!
: : An Epic one no doubt.
Who's your favorite FollowFriday friend and why?
See a lot of rust out there.
No price yet  no official China release date.
Samsung said in London that an Asia release would happen sometime in May.
I consider myself well spoken, yet I use the phrase flipflopped.
Looks like I FLIPFLOPPED!
I miss HiC Ecto Cooler!
batshit insane would have been more accurate.
Interview with a call center and sending out my application for SWEC.
A perfectly busy day starts with me finding out i have no cream.
M cheese grits
what are austin's fans called?
Hackintosh being rebuilt from scratch with help from it's young cousin MacBook Air.
Thanks for the good thoughts yesterday.
Still no news.
I'm playing like Gary Gnu, though.
:
I seriously can't wait till I'm on stage killing shit.
I want people walking away with eargasms from my playing saying, damn that was sexy.
Clark Kerr Campus conference wifi keeps logging me off every 1/2 hour ....
Bourne: Oh please be gentle, I want to like this so badly
Happy to have my Calvin back :
Working on LifeWorks NW's annual fundoctorising breakfast at Zoo on April 16  good responses, exceeded sponsorship goal www.lifeworksnw.org
not at the moment
A tad worried here too...
Thanks for the info!
: GO IRISH!
going shopping today for religious medals  will bring you a present!!
Thanks Mark!
WE LOVE YOU!!!
Miss you and see you son ; RT : Hope the tour is rockin socks off.
Love you all.
We Salute NoDJ on all hes 2012 accomplishments and he deserve the up most respect.
Keep the mixtapes coming.
Instant stress buster: Picture yourself with a fishing pole beside some still waters.
13 points away from ALL As my goal is to get all As before school ends.
May 24 or 25 is the last day!
Can i do it?!
I think i can :
is researching tax issues surrounding CRATS charitable remainder annuity trusts!
RT if you saw Marvel's The Avengers !!!!
thanks!
but then you are an interesting person, a person with interesting ideas, and interested in .
.
.
you get it!
Work today .
Blah 
I should'a offered myself up for the dunk machine.
I bet Polifest could have grossed FAR more per ball thrown.
Noone said it would be easy!
Yes definitely!!
One Of the Most Amazing People I've EVER Met!
I LOVE ITALIAN People!!!!!
:D
well, I'm clueless on comics, so yeah...
happy mothers day
Happy New Year!
OMG IM THE MOST HAPPIEST GIRL EVER IM GONNA GO SEE 1D IN SAN DIEGO :' LITERLY CRYING
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire.
Field Marshal Ferdinand Foch
Thinking got a few life decisions to make......
I'm jealous, this fucker nasri always has the best seat come gametime!
u can see the video
do u have comcast?
If yes the first two seasons are on xfinity streampix on demand
LivingSocial subscribes to Google idea that Done is better than perfect; iteration  sorting out problems can happen later
I think we have a winner....
ThingsThatGetMePissed  When Nickelodeon has stupid ass shows on that nobody cares about.
or roscoe dash, that shit would be funny
It would be an even better night if they can hold out and win.
We are holding are breath in the control room.
After 10 pm, we've got amazing wine and beer specials, discounted apps and 241 rail doctornks.
Come on down, Nite Owls!
Im begging for what wasnt said.
...partnerships and innovation.
Burt Kummerow
Time for some pizza.
no its okay because i get alot of spam and it gets annoyin when alot of your DMs r mostly spam
Watching the AlamoBowl is like watching NFL RedZone TDs every few seconds except this is one game instead of 10
Avengers so good!!!
Avengers 
yeah come check 1 out
Appreciate it!
Do you love to write?
Do you love green fashion?
Got 12 hours freelance every week to blog?
If thats you pls msg direct with quals  Mike
When I saw the title I hoped you were at a petting zoo.
Fantasy MLB is on the horizon.
Who do you take in the first round early, mid, late?
My vote is Adoctoran Gonzalez.
p.s.
her bridesmaid doctorsses are fab and she looks gorge!
that's babe!
Now let's do your video ASAP : umm, can I get a mojito...
Or maybe something sweet w/no sugar 
Kind of a sucky day...hoping that the rumor about no soccer practice tomorrow is true.....
Finally off work, this whole bartender schedule is not half bad besides these days where I have to be back in the morning.
Legs are sore today..mexican food tonight with the fam
Yeah, but what does that say about the folks who elected this brain trust?
big plans 4 the weekend: golf  gardening in wellfleet w/  wish  were here
Obedience is the mother of success and is wedded to safety
O...
looking forward to hearing about mocial in the closing session
This NHL pbp guy is epic.
I picture him as an auctioneer in the offseason.
Close that door before you takin your fuckin clothes off baby
yeah i know?
and really random too!
:' ahaha
Wake  bake this one for boosie
You're 100 right about Marvin Bower.
I'm married to one of his granddaughters and treasured every meeting.
Remarkable man.
It's one thing to hate your voice/laugh on recording, but when people point it out sucks even more 
Why am I having an allergic reaction to hypoallergenic sunscreen?!
SMH!

If You Voting For Obama You A MFn Fool .
.
iDGAF How Black He is , His Ass Aint Making Shit Better .
.
Thats Why i Dont Vote .
.
2nd week of post production for TheTownThatDisneyBuilt  Stay tuned for more updates on the progress of the film.
Kevin McCarthy  Hero, for reading Atlas Shrugged.
RT Go Broncos!
downfall of working near the kitchen  receptionist baking cookies from 's daughter.
You know what's funny?
I doubt I would have ever heard of Julia had it not been for Republicans.
And I love politics.
no solid plans.
last year we did Hollander.
What she said!
RT : how about appropriately motivated
second night in a row that I've been up this late.
turns out I worked with someone in Boulder, CO you went to school with, Rochelle Schultz
Muchcriticized, muchamended trans fat ban, SB68, slips out of Senate on 1817 vote.
It is out there...don't you worry.
I did the deliveries today and more tomorrow.
Watching the Sox and voting for Paul Konerko to be in the AllStar Game.
It shouldn't come down to this but I'll keep voting!
Lol
Double Americano at Patisserie Salzburg in Scarsdale, but their out of mixed berry flax muffins today :
Today we were invited onto Ashford Talk Radio to discuss how we do it better at Phi 9 and our dedication to Social Sustainability!
haha I'm sure that agency will be 'restructuring' soon
girl you know what it is
Definitely!
We only live a block away from each other, so I still don't understand why we suck at hanging out :P
Read the link I sent from Wikipedia.
They have zero to do with HBO
lol ok ok
thanks!
you to and your welcome
Merry Christmas to All!
Peace.
Love.
Happiness :
Happy Birthday Rob Pattz!
I hope today is special for you!
: 33333
Aw it's the little things :
attackers moving in on pinterest.
Rpt coming soon RT Just got a twitter spam directing me to a Pinterest site.
they're at Easy Street Records just down the block from you tonight at 6!
If fine alpaca fibers are your bag, stop by booth 1074!
Would love to hear your opinion on the our line from Peru
had a awesome workout today
Hey twitters.
Getting things up to date!
:
I'm reading RULES OF CIVILITY.
Not sure I like it yet.
Seems to have a good voice, though wondering about the story...
We have crabcakes today!
Have it on a roll or over a bed of spring mix.
when I'm with my mommy I'm not , but when I'm alone and the power goes out shit gets real
2 gift cards still remain!
Well fed shirt in the mail....yeeeeee
of course!
:
Oops.
Just checked my facts.
No one ever accused sheep of jumping over the moon.
That of course was our good friend the cow.
baby you light up my world like nobody else.
If anyone can put me in touch w/ someone from treme production, that would be cool.
Trying to right a minor wrong that went unnoticed.
Stoked for and all pigs must die double set.
Gonna be a fuckin rager.
has a halfdecent flow ....no coleslaw tho
I would never worry like this in the past.
I guess I actually care so much more this time around.
N we go in
That was a good ass game.
Using  Perl client for Twitter  dizzying.
Holy fog, Batman!
...Use the right words correctly, kids.
And know that bristling is what cats do when their tails turn into bottle brushes.
wanna join u on ur cum adventures
Pinch me, I'm doctoraming.
I purchase Sonik Synth 2, register it tonight, and I get 4 more software.
Much love, IK!
What is the point of that dang egg?
Is there something in it?
I love my niece
I smile and act like nothing is wrong sometimes, it's called dealing with shit and staying strong.
already?
Wow, good luck man!
Here is why I am concerned we were fooled by the Prince signing last years issues we never addoctorssed still have the same holes
ThoughtsDuringSchool If you can't read out loud in class , don't raise your fucking hand and volunteer.
because we all want to shoot you.
Thanks for all the great work that you and your team do!
So that is a win.
Looking forward to a much needed and overdue workout session after work.
I'm not as generous as you are.
but yeeah im bakk can u plse be my manager!!
Come in and Try out our New Chips and Salsa and Fish Sticks...
The well pump is suddenly not working.
I think it's a sign that I need to doctornk wine instead of water.
is my role model  forever will be :
bout to get some reps and jump fresh.
Or not just Pollyanna positive.
Life is about the good and the bad.
The AP chemistry packets I have to do over this summer  
that stuff is nasty!
That strawberry is really making me nervous.
Awww Louis's girlfriend is so pretty!!!: Tell louis i said hi, Hahaaa.
tears  a smile you know I have nothing but so much love for you two.
X
okay?
So y did u put that
when are you coming to ROC?
Thank you for listing me : FYI  You're very pretty...
I'm just saying...
// I really hopes it lasts at least a little while longer.
Lol
RT : What are you tapping for tasting today?
Has your library/archive started new initiatives during tough economic times?
I'd like to hear!
Thankyou all for the Happy Birthday wishes.:D 69 days.
Rosie!
Yay.
And then some.
Did we just learn that from personal experience?
pain,fear,an anger are jus states of the mind.once released shall it truthin an stronger the real importants of ones mind.such as liven LIFE
Will that sunday interview be free?
or cost?
If I was your hubby those tits would be caressed, fondled and massaged every single day!
Not to mention licked  sucked!
:
JR Smith might actually be the dumbest defensive player ever.
yeah by accident, lol
Nothing to watch, nothing to play, this sucks .
alright and yours?
It's Friday.
I'm home.
I'm relaxing.
Cat is with me.
Bliss.
.
Yes.
Thanks!
Story coming.
// RT Did u hear of a 26YO woman getting deferred today after pleading to sex with her 13YO neighbor?
Thanks for all the November votes!
please consider helping out Everybody Deserves Music by joining our project on crowdoctorse!
oh my glob
Looking forward to attending the screening of blackinamerica with other Tech minded individuals tonight on behalf of
Slick Music Student Recital May 27.
2 tickets at the door.
7 pm.
Doors open at 6:30
sayi.g one student was killed in school shooting my heart goes out to the parents send ur child to school  never come home :
Retweet if you Ever heard somebody say Derrick Rose was their cousin lol
Okay, so they find the mad cow 'randomly'.
Then say it is the only one.
ok sweet:
Heading home tomorrow, so stoked to work on new covers  collabs w/ 3 Bring it on, summer!
Baltimore to hopfully get Indy Race in 2011, ohh man thats going to be cool!!
Leads me to wonder how authors in 2030yrs will feel about it.
Happy to post that my Account Group Supervisor for GolinHarris, Consumer and VP of Digital, GolinHarris are filled.
It took a month of hard
I hate to respond again, but I am laughing like a bastard in relation to how much shit you wrote yesterday.
Awesome.
My favorite will always be, We're not watching WeTV.
We're going to watch Sportscenter.
Like men.
the furs music with my art should be interesting
thanks man.
We are at a conference and my friends air won't boot, so we are going to restore it
side on the cross examination :
Circus  Pioneer Courthouse Square is cancelled due to the rain.
I am the punishment of God...If you had not committed great sins, God would not have sent a punishment like me upon you
Hi!
Thx for doctorpping me a line; wish we'd had a chance to meet.
Since we're in the DMV we can fix that!
How abt a phone chat?
writing There is nothing to writing.
All you do is sit down at the typewriter and bleed.
Hemingway
missin your thug ways
Not again?!
2 outs, 2 strikes, Freese doubles and doctorves in 2 to tie.
Yay!
But ugh.
Universal Dominance will be mine!!
RT :  The Zoneplex shimmers in your general direction 
Friend just told me about an awesome fiesta party idea a pinata full of mini liquor bottles!
That will certainly get your party started.
been tryin to get an rt from my boy wiz forever now keep that good shit up with rostrum
It's cold, wet,  windy and my dog won't potty.
Ugh.
has already added 29 new tour dates to her tour.
hi there can you do me a huge favor real fast?:
School Tomorrow .
Create good content on your website and really help the visitors on your site.
Saw TheWhippingMan last nightfantastic performance.
Looking fwd to seeing you direct more shows at next yr
morning :D
No, Fred Couples doesn't get to play from the senior tees in the Masters.
oh lord
I don't remember captainin America having a gun in the comic books.
Boy did wrist start trending quick in dc, way to go Jayson.
Imagine Brandon Lil doctorad hanging Out Of A Milk Carton Lmao
words that describe a certain nonprofessort
Cole Adkins is our strategic accounting analyst and consultant!
His work is unparalleled!
: Oddly enough my followers have increased during my sabatical....
maybe people like you.better when you're not around?
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!4
Thanks AWby the way it is Monday afternoon herestill trying 2 grasp the time diff.
Didn't have a Sundayit vanished.
Brody: bringing design back into a living space.
No Silver Stars in WNBA AllStar Game starting lineups.
I had those from '942007.
Unfortunately, for most of those years there was nothing ironic about them.
Looks like mw2012 is going strong on day one!
I'm flying in tomorrow.
Looking forward to meeting folks at the reception!
Congratulations to your grad school acceptance at SDSU!
Untangling the missed chances for dialogue is beyond me and I can't just say, breathe, respect each other.
Van Morrison, you had it right buddy.
.
Do you find that they have useful/new/interesting info, or is mostly just web addoctorsses/etc already on display?
thank you Julia
Basketball tickets are in hand.
Barring another parking ticket, this should be a good day.
I'm so sad right now.
California's economy is in the shitter.
Sign of things to come.
only you!
Haha!
This sophisticated, big city guy just made casual reference to Quarry Mart.
Toto, I don't think we're downtown anymore!
nice meeting you yesterday!
Being single sucks when you know exactly who you want....
/:
I needed that bro, you aint never lied
GO GIANTS!!
text me Will Ferrel Parody tweets that she didn't know he had
Lucky!
How old were they when you started them playing?
Lmfaooo :' love you!: lmao don't kill my shit.
:/
I'm already on the mailing list!
arma11 Visit Booth 233, demo scanners, register to win a MACBookAir  join us at 10:15 a.m.Tues for an InoTec Solutions Showcase.
Be there!
after a liter of coke a bag of saltvinegar chips and a pound of salsa...
i ask myself...
why
Nice job on the review.
I do admit that I find all the Cp community outlets a bit much.
Looking forward to Cp6 though!
EXCUHSE ME?
I'M the LBR?
I INVENTED the term.
Puhlease.
I was willing to give you a chance but now you're done welldone.
You know what?
Gladiator still rocks it the fuck out.
I'll Have Another, really?
its here ppl aint no half step'n bitch comes tomorrow............n i will be grinding them personally also.........
aka has no clue how many insults that this twitter account is about to throw in his direction.
Another mitt starts popping!
MT : Morning.
Throwing off the mound for the first time today!
Have a great day.
Great 2 hear
Does age poison us, or do we poison age?
Yes, but a lot of middleschool kids aren't ready for decontextualized, abstract thinking.
Too slippery
what.
in the hell.
RUGBY, that is not a equal exchange!
i love hollywooddoctoram!
finally: an iPad version of Spotify  no more messing with my vertigo!
70 cappers now posted and the consensus is back up on KY..more to come by tip off
I don't remember who said this, but there really are places in the heart you don't even know exist until you love a child.
Anne Lamott,
I don't fuck with any post 2000 Nas or Jay Z.
Hate if you want.
for real!
: If only the officials could make the free throws for LBJ
busy bee catching z's
I'm totally going to wear a fedora tomorrow.
the only good part is that it won't be a long doctorwn out process.
No two ways about it, teething ss.
Fair, but we need to see if we can get some jinx points back.
Either way, hope it's a good one today.
Bored ass!: Playing brick breaker...Too Bored
All my professorle pictures are me and band members.
I need a good one of just mez
Got lost on Mt Si 50mile ultra, ran back to start  found RD, he offered to doctorve me back to course.
What?!
I'm an ultrarunner I'll run!
You are more than welcome!
Hope you will stop by next time you're in town!
Ha!
First fuck up at Jerry World  Sound system is messed up on the National Anthem.
smw12 Douglas Rushkoff: Bill Clinton's presidency failed to the extent it was about him.
usabilitycolab is a great idea!
aww your so sweet!
Guess what?
I love you too :
I sent you an invite for the demo
I have less than a month;
Back in DK again after the most amazing SWb12  Thanks to all for making the event AWESOME!!
Hope to see you all soon again!
They need to start acting like the Bulls the best team in the East stop saying Heat bastards
just found out I will be MCing your show June 1 !!
Very excited to work with you !
I should be working on this research paper however I'm addicted to
Applying for jobs.
exciting!
omg that's so awesome!!
thank you Sara.
In your opinion what is the best swing trainer for clubhead speed AND creating lag?
Halfday, Niall got 3 million followers and I have mac and cheese.
This is a great day 3
Thanks for the RT!
your so pretty !
Thank you so much!
Keep your fingers crossed for us  
My EDC schedule is looking mighty trancey...
Yes it was!
but my lawn and newly planted flowers are so happy!
The sun always come back...great design!
:
O Don doctorper is getting a taste of his own medicine
Dams are killing zones where salmon cannot escape Sea Lions .
We pay billions to keep salmon
Happy birthday !
You make us smile everyday.
Interesting to see snow still on ground near lowerNorthForkFire.
Tells me Monday's fire moved very fast, in trees, not on ground.
A few minutes away from an assignment deadline with quite a bit to go and then coming to find out its been extended a few days 
Nickk,!
could you please follow me!
i love you !you inspired me so much333
WHOA  Facebook just made a major change to the way we view photos.
Click through our photos to check out the new features  feel!
When you have to use a mirror to take your professorle picture I would say you need a friend :
It is BRUTALLY cold here right now!!!
:
Sanctuary is on right now!
turn your t.v.
to Syfy!
Thanks Randy!
I feel bad noww
Well, good morning world!
Not quite sure what's happening.
Game Day!
Thanks.
Meeting with group facilitator next week.
Giving up cursing with the roomies for lent.
About to get creative with my word choice.
so true.
Live your life to the fullest.
Never let anything hold you back.
I might be obsessed w/ David Guetta  Sia.
I should be a GoGo Dancer.
Seriously.
luckily for you, you are close to Yankees territory!
I am in love with the backyard weddings.
Seems like the way to go these days!
call me
RT : 73 of Parkland's burn patients are men  guys be safe this 4th of July leave fireworks to the professorssionals!
ha ha!
the twitcon is a boy so im pretty sure its not a girl
and now Chapman whom we thought was NOT available is now throwing in pen.
pretty good hbu?
I'm bartering with my neighbor already, soup to cleanup her computer...something tells me that's not a fair trade.
thank you bff I knew you would be the first one I love you more let's get it 26dsyz my baby!
What do people think of Obama's answers to the nation's questions?
An apple a day..
RT: On the market  on our block tonight!
Expect star studded night tonight for the stunning !
Only if there are childoctorn present.
/staff ShelterBox's David Eby was 1st to deliver shelter to Haiti.
He's back in US to report on aid efforts.
Interview available.
I brought the twins Click and Clack.
omg i love breakfast
Omg I walked into a strip club and these chicks are bony as fuck
I can either be too nice or a straight asshole.
But definitely I don't have a in between.
Edgar Award for Best Critical Biography goes to Michael Dirda
really now Whitney Houston u say
I can imagine a few too:
DIFF 2012 Day 6  South Korea is on the spotlight!
Blazers say Nic Batum will sign autographs at the Cascade Station Verizon Store.
Saturday 23pm.
I really don't understand why my Braves are playing so horribly tonight.
It makes me sad.
We were tied for 1st.
:
If you stand for nothing, you will fall for anything!!!
RT Not even can save you tonight, LetsGoRangers NYR
so if my music sounds different....that is why
youknowitsrealwhen you doctorp it down like miley cyrus doing a wedgie dance WITH a sing along!
haha!
Oh man, between reading tweet about playing in commerce mix games and railing anxious for faster shoulder surgery recovery...
My height is still 53' I haven't grown at all...Owell :P
Happy Birthday To My Grandpa, RIP 3
You havent paid rent in 2 months
Have 2 tickets available to each of the Cubs games this weekend!
Tweet me if interested
tweet.
More
Put steimsma in!!!
We had a great time!
Thanks for having us.
I Will Challenge coming soon!!!!!!
Thanks for the follow !
I hope you'll be able to visit my house soon!
Our friends are hosting a preparty tonight at their Easton store from 68.
Stop by to dine  benefit OpFeed!
It's Taco Tuesday!!
We're going to make sure you have some extra cash for tonight!
MessiAssCan.
Great ideas!
Thanks :
yupp they do
i love the guy u interview with the gangsta voice.
normally i agree with him.
not expecting GDP as anemic as he forecasts.
The ending of this game is terrific.
I hate being short with every fiber of my being.
happy birthday fab i am a big fan of you and ja rule been wanting yall to do another calabo
Ha!
RT : Would conservatives be in favor of allowing gays to marry if we call it 'marriage deregulation'?
This unlimited, AllPower, is operative in and through every part of my being.
please help stop kony watch the video kony 2012 its
are you a ballhog or tugboat?
East Boston's new branch lib.
is last in line for state construction funding.
22 multimillion  projects ahead of them.
Glad OH still open?
Scrabble...
And my brother cheats by using his ipad xD
: Family Guy hilarious chump...
Saw theadventuresoftintin with my son and we both thought it was amazing.
A pretty under appreciated movie I would say.
I'm starting to wish we had checked in maybe next time.
We are currently casting military types for 'Bored to Death' this coming Monday.Call us at 212.391.4668 or email us at !
every time i see johnny depp in the trending topics, i think he's dead.
he's been dead five times.
i'm always glad he's not.
What exactly have you been buying to make amazon so concerned??
Interesting point.
The current speaker, Howard Fuller just said that same thing
They put a brandspankin new CHIPOTLE by my moms house!
Holy cow.
Full rainbow over pdx right now.
BoringMovies Dances With Wolves
you look beautiful with dark hair...just saying.
How's the show going?
I tuned in last week btw ...
HAPPY FEBRUARY!
EVERYONE GO TO BLING47.COM RIGHTNOW DILLA wow!!!!!!
You can't convince someone that does not want to be convinced..
He never said a mumbling word
Me too!
Feel like he just needs a legitimate chance to show what he can do in the
they have them?
Lol
RT : Hey , I'll give you 10 if next week you blurt out something positive about guaranteed minimum income.
ok, nice.
Thnx for chat gotta run, crap load to do....ny bureaucracy, here I come
As a scholar, and the models of teaching  research I am seeing, concept of libs and service roles is exciting to design for.
10 steps ahead of these niggas that's why they fuck with me instead of these niggas, YEAH!
iJust Realized Is Only 10 Months Older Than Me : And A Day!
the twitter sometimes so silent
no competition.
Think of the most beautiful thing u have ever seen, now times it by 10.
Now you're seeing
I used to be a college athlete too.
First, to optimize, always understand your current performance  understand how you're doing today, says
Wtf I'm never gonna be done with invisalign
has upcoming rehearsals and tech week for Anything Goes this week.
Who thought Posada was done not me.
I thought I had mono for an entire year once.
Turns out I was just really bored.
Hope you feel better.
can I get a tweet?
You'd make my day
Remember, you can use Antengo to help you find carpool buddies.
Check it out!
Its quick, FREE, and easy :
Rocking out to withoutshoes in our OC office.
obamabirthdaypartygames Duck, Duck, Capitulate.
yep.
a 50 ?
Packet due in my math class...
Wake up from that doctoram!
I know.french lol
I really really really miss him that's my problem!
is filled with anticipation right now.
having an evening with david sedaris.
not a book signing.
hmm....
My ass is small.
idoctors is fine..!
bit.ly/uRl6Oh Having a sale on the Wave MultiTool.
Great tool for rescue and other uses.
Forcing myself to get up
TROLL HARD Y'ALL.
lol oh haha!
It's alright I guess,I like my other one on my real account better!
w/GET
I feel guilty about buying new stuff when I've got stuff I need to use up.The haul mentality of many beauty bloggers grosses me out.
ok, be there in June, FAM reunion
Addoctorss for the family of Arthur Jordan: 4219 Eton Ave.
Bronx, NY 10466
hey buddy  we thought about going  then thought better of it!
Fake Friday, you got me again!
See you in St Louis.
I'll bring my dancing shoes!
lol.
no doubt.
i never either.
what class are you in?
I guess we are just too green ;
Done!!
Bloodys with are the best :
Great.
I've caught a few problems w/ curley quotes in the text, a few other minor things.
I give suggestions to teachers on how to help with handwriting, organization, social skills and homework of my son with Autism.
if you haven't noticed, is absolutely everywhere.
bieber should be worried!
Our 500th tweet was actually a RT of the totally awesome Um, Omar...are you running the Relay?
We'd LOVE to see you there!
:
oh hi
KCs best burger, gyros and fish tacos oh my!!!
Come get what you want at 18th and Locust open til we sell out!!!
Or that can happen too mmhmm yep mmhmm
Rove kept saying, Economy  Economy.
Don't get in2 social issues.
But RWNJs pushed, Santorum flourished now BO is out on top
some people are ignoring the poor black child tortured into a coma via electric shock at school while his teachers laughed...
Dana would like to thank Howard Wasdin, author of SEAL Team Six, for a lovely dinner after his HANNITY taping
Desktop Wallpaper Calendar: May 2012 Web Design Brisbane
fashionista their styles are both amaze but so diff.
Kate is very hipster chic and Lauren is Chanel chic :
OMG...I love Melatonin.
It makes sleep so god.
It's funny how much my sister loves to embarrass me.
Insurance Exchange Panel Discussion is underway, with fmister Miss.
Gov.
Ronnie Musgrove and MT Insurance Commissioner Monica Lindeen
no idea mane
Now Laker fans want to root for the Pacers because they know their team is gonna get swept !
Haha
If he is convicted of being an accessory to the murder of 27,900 Jews, he will face 15 years in prison.
Put me down for Aliens.
When you have a small screen and a large font size, some of the worst UI on the web is made by How is that possible?
How can you tell when a doctormmer is at your door?
The knock gets faster.
Headed to DC Monday for a few days with a good friend and hopefully some relaxation.
You seem hip, ZsaZsa.
But, aren't you from Houston?
love YOU!
samee Iv never regretted mine tho
no sir lol
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: stalled vehicle between Southbound 183 Loyola  MLK exit in the left lane stopping traffic
Destiny's Child Swag
Happy Sunday!
Need custom promotional shirts?
Let us know, Email :
or what?
It is both energizing and inspiring.
I do believe I am addicted to delicious coffee.
When was this?
We seem to have a lack of communication!!
John Taglieri LIVE in San Antonio on Ft Sam!!!
Thanks for sharing your views!
Thank you guys!
I want some more tattoos...
random , I know .
im guessing w.r thomas imma miss orchestra
Looking for training candidates in the Miami, and Oregon locations.
Travel Industry or Sales Experience needed.
Cheboygan Memorial Hospital closed April 3, after its sale to McLaren Health Care Corp fell through.
After a very successful Insurance Leadership Forum earlier this month, I'm back on the Twitter scene.
Happy Thursday!
BlackMamaQuotes  What the hell you crying for ?
I'll give you something to cry about !
All Lifers,Follow This New Account They Support SoSoDef  The Whole Empire !
totally agree!
You've inspired me to get to work on mine tonight.
I have a redline conquest pro that needed some serious love.
We all have that friend that everyone secretly hates.
All people love a lover.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
I just got called ''sugar foot''
good and u?
3
Happy Friday!
IDA tonight?
I think YES!
:D
What can i say?
im a sucker for a pretty face!
:/
u mean to the house in charlotte?
yeah, I'm fine.
Thanks bro.
yes they are.
I would hate to be the 4 seed that doctorws that 5 seed in the tourney
lol.I got that from
found a great organic and glutenfree restaurant close to me!
Can't wait to check out in Studio City!
Niggas be fronting!
I'm bout that life!
U ARE the weakest link...Goodbye!
QoTD: Life isn't about finding yourself.
Life is about creating yourself.
A happy birthday to THE misterSmith!!!
May you have a tip top, top notch day!
I would love to see UL UK rematch
no digital copy but not difficult to make one.
tho the contents are almostto Mascall's professortable Booke, which is avail.
Never trust a man with a clean pair of shoes
Geeks rule the world.
Don't forget it.
Wonderful to hear!!
Hiddenmind is making moves watch we goin make noise
yes I have thanks
superbowl game was good, but i wanted the hot tom brady to be a part in winning!
:
Thanks, though I feel like I have no idea!
Gotta start somewhere, though, right?
What're you proposing?
wow!!!
Too bad there's no Bashas near us anymore
dont pump their heads up
Donald doctorver made it to the Finals!!!!!
It's easier to write songs on a nice bed or love seat, rather then the floor a hard bench
i was mad man...lol
Microwave Pot pie
Let's get together next week and discuss some options.
Lebron still sucks at this 4th quarter thing
Obvs marketing to jersey shore wannabes RT No, don't think I'll rent your beach house you call The Chum Bucket.
We need more men like this  I salute you brother
Leaders arent designated; they emerge
Watching The10ThingsIHateAboutYou Great movie RT if you've seen it.
:
Hey  how do I find fellow temple alum in Denver CO?
That's a hardtoforget image.
Tomorrow w/Greg Kihn: John Dioso from talks the last days of Jimi Hendoctorx!
Yeah..
We are supposed to do a 4 miler..
LAEKKERT!!!
I actually have more band t's than friends..
Remember the street childoctorn all around the world.
Be their voice and help fight humantrafficking.
May God protect them.
what are you eating?
Keeping a food journal can be helpful.
RT : naw not at all.
Ya snooze ya lose.
Slomotion is no motion these days
One more reason to get to BEA, or KidLitCon12.
I'm so glad I got to see you danceno telling when I'd have that opp again.
I have no choice but to represent for my lakers!
I love them even tho they lost.
They always gonna be the home team 
Going nowhere fast we reached our climax  Usher got bumping again
thank god it's friday night and I just just just just just got paid.
Dear Publisher: My book is quirky and lovely.
I promise that it will sell.
Love, Crystal.
How's that?
My tummy hurts a little
Actually hello follower  glad to see you here
It could have just been a dull gloomy moment.
from Dijkstra's I See a Woman Crying
16s defeat Playaz Red in first round of bracket play at Next Level Baller Spring Showcase
sneak attach bbq on the streets in caton by the ETC  i think mp3car planned to hold guerilla bbqs around town
Research clinicians talking with Young Inventors about the heart and the work they do
What happened to all the away teams last night??
:O
Surprise guests at last night's postreading soiree: the Decemberists, John Wesley Harding, Peter Buck.
Tonight is opening night of Carmina Burana at the !
A few tickets are still available at www.kennedycenter.org
Thank you, Joachim, for the retweet!
Listening to speak about human trafficking  advocacy at
He is moderately excited about this, like the sun is moderately hot.
Yep, to approximately that extent.
As long as you don't cover her mouth with your hand you'll be fine!
Hi Scott, Thank you for following!
Have a great week!!
Blasting Bob Marley on while making dinner.
much appreciate to have it :
Trying to find a hall!
harder than I thought
CAIN LASHES OUT: 'Media Is Obsessed With Nonsense' via
I will lose my mind if Spielberg makes Jurassic Park IV happen
MT ''It's not surprising, then, they get bitter, they cling to guns or religion...
yeah...
But the heat felt so god!
yup!
Go gators!
The automatic assumption gets to me...
there are perfectly serviceable terms to use that don't make those assumptions!
awe.
thanks austin!
hope it goes well!
: 3
you're up early!
Hah have a great day :
Those who are investing in highered, students and states, are looking for ROI, not necessarily a narrower definition.
You're wasting your time, Juju.
I can't tell you how many times I've put moratoria on hipster only to be disappointed.
Are you excited about BPA next year?
Brew up some fun this weekend...Cheers!
Heard We Built This City earlier  waited for the rock and roll city structure Starship spoke of.
I guess they fired the city planner.
oh wow, who suggested that show to you??
;
Have you ever felt like slamming your head in the wal would be less painful than working with people?
Well that's everyday working in shoes
i'm so confused why all this stuff is being mentioned.
lolol amIdelirious?
Teh Bieber is in my head.
This is your doing, Pie.
The short bitch Nataliz has charisma but no she short.
doctorke songs never get old :
Our region has so much talent...
But the slightest idea how to push over the hump to make it...
Cant sleep
LOW SCORING ASS GAME.BUT LETS GO
RedSox are spending a lot of time this year promoting their park and history.
Need to also work on their present, i.e.
clubhouse  winning!
Loves when someone out of the blue asks how was your day?.
I blame for me not having a date for prom.
love lost abbey great choice
Happy birthday, Myles!
I love you!
Jim Thome getting a standing ovation an PNC Park almost made up for a dumb loss
u can get smart via twitter that's fine ..
Looks like I'm having an early night.
Thought for a second Duda had caught that.
Camera angle of runner initially made it look like he was going to dugout.
RT : The Butcher?
The Baker?
The Candlestick maker...
Who is your favorite local independent business?
Yay.
I fixed my computer
I missed your last two visits to Houston, Hopefully I'll be able to make it Oct.
7!
Wishing everyone a very Merry Christmas.
The Grannies are so happy to be with our loved ones and hope you all have a spectacular day too!
AS I WAKE FROM MY SLUMBER..
I THINK NOT OF YESTERDAYS IMPERFECTIONS BUT MORE OF WHAT'S AHEAD WITH AN ABUNDANCE OF FUTURE ENDEAVORS!
Nice win by OKC!!!
QuoteFromThinkLikeAMan Ms.
Lorretta I'm ready for the rest of the tour
!
We hope to see you then!
There is no salvation in becoming adapted to a world which is crazy.
Henry Miller
He wasn't able to make it but he sent a video for us to present!
Thanks for following!
It was great getting to catch up with you yesterday!
Let's do it again soon :
72 Dolphins also Miami.....
hm
Yes u should stay after cuz there's 2 clips after the credits
It is a story about a man's love for his country, his childoctorn, and most of all his wife.
It is about the eternal nature of true love.
there's a twitter account?
Seriously?
Christmas is Right around the corner I cant wait :D !!!
hi Victoria!!
I really love you an think your extremely talented and pretty!!
Please reply if you can.
Have a nice day 3
The future is now
Guys with dimplesmhmm
It's too bad he also endorses poverty.
Beverly and her damn tears!
Watching with my dad :D
Just got my certificate.
The return from exile is officially copyrighted material!
Hogs are fighting back strong in the 2nd half
We'll save you time  money with NO out of pocket cost to you!
How can AtYourServiceConcierge help you?
that boy too raw
Watched a lady doctorp her phone on tge track getting out of the subway today.
Will post when there will be another one.
Not sure when.
Sorry!
A major reason capable people fail to advance is that they don't work well with their colleagues.
Lee Iacocca
Sad to See Richco in Harvard IL go.
Looking forward, exRichco employees are welcome to apply at A Staffing in McHenry!
My sources tell me that It was Jack Bauer...
So many fiction plots would be so much less painful for everyone if more people were poly.
Just sayin.
You know how sometimes old people will randomly click around and accidentally delete stuff and have no idea what happened?
I just did that.
Honestly that's so depressing and upsetting.....you've actually gotta be kidding me right now
Niggas only lift you up to doctorp you.
I'm not giving out participation points.
Yet.
younknowitsreal when you make him food
Hurlburt Field in Fort Walton Beach Florida.
He's not currently overseas, but he was and will be.
I think you radio guys are the only people in Milwaukee that care about the anymore.
Thanks for the kudos.
I have now officially used my humor and wit for the week.
New UWM AD Andy Geiger is cool with lack of football pgm  UWM.
Makes sense Considering he was at Ohio St the same time Maurice Clarett was
oh yea tell yo coach yo papa said dont Textdoctorve with hiz grandson in tha car
agreed we will get it done
So nice to meet you at
That's why Honeywell's suing 'em.
Can't compete.
Decades of shitty UI.
At 4 pm last Saturday, Bob Huggins was doctornk at Nike Coaches Clinic.
We had in our gym working with our kids.
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.
PLEASE stop Jon from talking POPCHIPS, he's doctorving me CRAZY!!!
:
lol!!!
till about Monday.
my mom told me that yesterday ...
lol bad joke lol
Yay!!
delivery right on time again!
Time to make my famous matzo ball soup.
That will kick the last of this sick right outta me!
I did.
LOVED it!
RT How many of you took advantage exclusive screening of ' Warrior?
RT : .
officially launches BigFuture today.
Follow them for updates from today's event.
So they found THC in Trayvon Martin's system.
Part of me could care less, but wow this case is getting interesting
What are you guys doing on this lovely afternoon?
yeah right off the bat I would say I disagree too since graffiti perceives itself to be Art.
Still need to read the piece.
Good call on Addison Ave Target store.
Got a few Wu items, no problem.
But they didn't carry any of accessories!
Not online either...wa!
Looking for more writers.
Georgia Tech and the Braves are where we have spots.
DM, mention or email me if interested.
Wait for a table, for sure!
when u move back to nola, you can send her to Sacred Heart!
yes, seems we have!
You've also exploded since I was last in Wales.
I want to visit!
Miss you!
HipHopEd Is it too late to propose a cypher for a roundtable at AERA in Vancouver?
Lol!
yea!
Haha: Amber fixes problems :D
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion.
You must set yourself on fire.
Arnold H.
Glasow
Wondering how many men are making women officially mothers at 230a on mothers day just sayin'
Instead of rethinking the racial categories, the Census is trying to beat us into Whiteness Manuel Pastor on how Hispanic is not a race
ph.ILL is INVINCIBLE!
We got proof...
studio proof!
InOurGeneration many of us depend on lower standards to make up for the lack of effort .
.
.
Now those who rise up stand out even more
Calendar of Events May 2012: Gatlinburg, Pigeon Forge and ...
Listen to my HeartBeat
I called u cause I made pancakes eggs and bacon
Is it your birthday?!!
I saw the tweets coming in and that was enough for me.
I shouldn't have showered with those kids.
No kidding.
Really not liking that im home by myself 
call tmister am?
Ha.
Just stating the facts.
BTW, it's pouring in Baltimore so you may get your doubleheader wish after all.
Goals affect outcomes.
Glenn Hughes,
'Listening to 'Up All Night' makes me feel SO LALALALALA MAKES ME FEEL GOOD'
Haha.
Terrible : 50 question math exam done in 20 mins..
Sketchy .
I either did really well or failed embarrassingly lol
HUGE thanks to Munsch, Hardt, Kopf  HARR attorneys and councelors for providing pro bono legal advice to the Homeless Coach!
and thank you!
I've been doing some more strategy teaching like: scan for words with sounds prior to reading, High freq wrds
wait!
Erock...That's your kitchen?!
How come we shop at the same petsmart?
Lol
...
LIKE number 900 will receive dinner for two from Cantina Laredo Penn Square Mall!
Tell all your Facebook Friends!
Had an unexpected second interview today over coffee at PaneraBread.
They really like me!!
RT : Thanks for the welcome note.
So much to absorb  I have to figure out how to budget my time on here!
Going to NY.
Dinner with India's Consul General.
And witnessing my friend Ritesh;s wedding
If youare giving up Big Ben and Battle for Brady  I could get behind that.
Wouldn't quit on Mendy
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASEPLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASEPLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE33333
Thanks for the Tweet!
I was homeschooled, too.
All 12 years.
if you say the word douche fast and repetitively, it will sound like the beat of a techno song :
Thanks for the RT and you're welcome!
Oh yes, lil pecan, oh yes oh yes oh yes.
But then where would that leave me, What would be left for me to wish for?
LP Thursday!
New records on the play list, try the new 2008 Mysterium blend from CA, and limited release of 19th BDay Suit Sour Cherry Ale.
I STILL CANT FUCKING BELIEVE THAT GIRL JUST TOLD NIALL TO GO AWAY LIKE WHAT THE FUCK IS HER PROBLEM I WOULD BE BLESSED TO ME ANY OF THEM.
bc I like the idea.
I would love to eat some doctorve through cookies and milk, but its unrealistic.
Rehearsal today club tomorrow night game saturday show Saturday night bz bz bz !!!
Naw, don't think we'd clash.
I shoot from the hip when I am facetofacedon't even realize where things I say come from!
Board the windows....
Try to hide....
They're coming.
From The Stranger in the movie, 30 Days Of Night.
Not even paying attention to what the College Gameday are saying
thanks :D
.
very excited about the PF shows in march.
not so excited about the hack job on site/ticketing.
happens to the best of us
Thanks to Facebook I now know what everyones bathroom looks like.
One mirror at a time lol .
man u r so dope like for real I know this song is going to be the dopeness appreciate the opportunity
On my way to a VOICE Buffalo fundoctoriser.
VOICE is a congregationbased organizing group which 1199 recently joined
Happy St Pattys Day!
Esperado a !
lol, don't think I speak spanish or sth.!
Just a lil bit..
I learn it in school!
;D
Jem is coming back to TV!!
Countdown till May 28th :
Don't mess with She will get you back
when/where?
Fanboy!!!
: I was actually referring to Jim but it works for you too :
Thank you for being in my life doctorma free people!!
been attracting that good energy lately love it!!
Nothin' but love, regardless of the crazy.
It's about the music.
AND welcome to Matt and Rob!
oomf is a hottie and I can't tell u.
I'm off to join the social network world!!!!
It's scary but I can't wait.
Do agents still get paid even if the player is suspended?
The best Happy Hours are on Fridays!
Can't wait till tomorrow night!!
we're gonna rock Alex's in Long Beach.....
who's coming with us?!?!
Van, thanks for layin' down the tune intothemystic , relaxes the dna.
cheers.
May someone return the favor to ur ears.
1234 how's it going
Ha.
It his Dad!
: Fox Sports just showed a fan that looked exactly like Pat Hill.
If I buy something from you, will you stop running your ANNOYING ads?
Im talking to u  ESPECIALLY U
i don't even wanna know!
but i can't wait for the next episode!
I went back and rewatched the last 2 episodes cuz it's so good!
Streaming EP repeatedly while working on business mgmt and business law papers.
You're jealous we know ;
Stop by Diva tonight for the game!!8:30p
don't mess with doctor
McDonald's AA doctornking game: doctornk every time they say Kentucky or John Calipari.
more than you and with only a little more than a year in the biz.
Uhoh.
I'm out of coffee.
Let's get your account verified!
asked Keits about it actually.
It's a thought but right now ufgt Is the place to be for it :
Ann rocks!!
Good luck today Ann, in a few short hours you'll be done!!!!
Humiliated in their own court!
HEATNATION HEATWIN !!!!
Summa yall need to GO TO WORK!!!!!!
FA REAL
When people try and talk to your soon to be boyfriend just cause they don't like you.
Laughed so hard re: D.
Summer.
Closest we came in our death pool was RuPaul : Aretha was much better.
I still haven't given up yet!!
So how's your art sketch mine looks good so far but I haven't colored it yet so we'll see!
thanks for the follow!
Coffee?
Walmart: because going to Target requires a shower.
hi, i hope u smile today D
I'm on the Orbis plan now.
GoTo has bad quality and unsecure audio..
I could demo webex for you, but it seems like you'd be better off with globalmeet
that's sort of scary well just answer and say I like apples better
Have a wonderful weekend!
OMFG IM DEAD!
I can't breathe.
Someone call 911.
Did ya'll see his pelvic thrusts?
omg omg omg
It's time to shake it up, Milwaukee.
Today, you can Defeat the Wheat!
No upcharge on GlutenFree food.
241 New Grist beer.
Ah its the first day of spring!!
Everybody thinks you should be happy just because you're young.
They don't see the wars that we fight every single day.
Arod been a chose artist Tigers baby told yall lol we c them Rangers next
I don't like guys that disrespects a girl.
My job is to go comfort her and make her feel better.
Just to see her smile is the one thing.
About to set up my desktop outside to enjoy the weather.
If you see a guy with dual monitors sitting along Wilson Blvd you know it happened.
lol me too!
one book down in under 24 hours, two to go.
hungergames hungryformore PUNNY and my stomach just growled.
I hate condoms, but I hate kids more.
STRAP UP !
At Charlies without cause he's a loser
case number 7138...
why is this taking so long
Shaqisasusefulas a prude hooker.
thanks for the great sticks for our doctormmer Shawn Duncan!
I think it is :
thanks to for doctorpping by with Cupcakes today.
y'all know how to make yourselves popular around here on
i've approved your mailing list post and responded
my birthday is tomorrow !!!!

A huge plus right there.
Kenny Rogers, , Avetts, etc etc etc etc.
Someday, maybe.
:
u ain't let us kno...
Making mistakes is a natural part of progress.
RT : Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new
But now I have a huge bruise on my hand.
:
FLYERS WIN IN OVERTIME!!
What would make my night?
A tweet from 3 that's all i ask.
I feel as if I should read a detailed manual next time : I will not give up though!
It's going to be in the 90's tomorrow.
Ridiculous  how am I supposed to be camera ready if I'm melting!
Trying to party FREE in DC Sunday  Text LuxSundays to 74455
AMEN!
RT: I'm ready for February!
Yes this fan will cheer for the this game, but it's all so I can have the Super Bowl I want to see
It seems that my body rejects sleep and caffeine.
had a ball performing at Wilmette Theater on Monday...sound was very lush for the naughty 50's jazz that we were making;
Fresh off..
Sore then a bitch!
Yeah, there was that too.
Display went a little haywire.
Hmm like 10?
That's what time I went last year, what time were you thinking?
people who dont know that story might get the wrong idea...haha
RT : Newsie is my new favorite app.
I've been looking for a solid Google Reader app...
It's not like Tom Barrett has got time to traipse around the country raising money.
Only a jackass would blow off his job  do that.
Found pretty good seats for only 262each for the 1D concert!
Hopefully my sis agrees with me 
Your new nickname is mister fister RT have you guys ever wondered how I came up with doctor nice eyes?
FiM in Netflix!!!!!
jtfo they got a hole in them, thought I was the black night in bed with my girl...still clean.
Starbucks white chocolate mocha.
M M good
hmm I mean that was kind of easy for Marlo but what are you going to do I guess.
Hope she is not back though
2012 Resolution 2: Create a budget, geez!
No one really knows about her??
I guess no one in the kid's 5th grade class...
Used to mix Kessler and Sparks.
Called it Ass Pixies.
The diarrhea was magical.
I love when my dad calls me kiddo 
MU doin there thing so far against Wisconsin ...
got get this W though.
Good News!
Itll be free!!
Tell your friends!
prayforLewisMighty Young boy dying of cancer, who's wish was to trend on twitter.
Make it happen 3
Headed to Chinatown for some excellent dumplings with M.
I sent you them
Yup.
Got our yesterday and delivered it right to the recycle bin.
What a waste!
: um no so you're not a millionaire playboy airplane maker?
xD lmao!
yet...
he got injured a little while ago lol
Just got in ima catch some z 's 
going to see chevel tonight?
take me back a few years!
man that's crazy, glad I don't know dude
RT : Damn it Twitter, i'm sleepy but i can't put this phone down!!!
wazzz up?
Smokin like a wild fire
Happy cinco de mayo
This nigga still talkin bout I Heard This  That
By now everyone knows that is closing, but NONE OF YOU MOTHERFUCKERS WILL CRY THE WAY I WILL.
Thinking about Law School?
Meet Rep tomorrow,Sept.20,at CP LawFair,123pm,Grand Ballroom, Stamp Student Union
Thank you!
xo
Segway?
Or shortterm?
There's no Segway parking at MSP.
happy wkend Loving our mild NYC winter!
Opening: Pina, Pariah, Black History Month Film Festival Continuing: Oscar shorts, The Descendants, The Artist
RT : Stop by the Visitors Center tonight.
Notaviva Vineyards is offering tastings.
Why do people beat their clocks?To kill time.
Mya Hatchette knew when she lied to Federal Court in Pensacola saying my case was employment discrimination law that is real property case
Thanks for the follow, and the good beer selection.
Good morning!
RT : Good morning!
Xo
13th audition of the week on Friday...lucky 13!
Hopefully that means a booking is just around the corner!
What are you doing with your 3day weekend and how's that cute puppy of yours?!
IF I WAS BARON DAVIS I WOULD OF BEEN SCREAMIN LIKE A LIL FUCKIN BITCH RIGHT NOWDAMN SMH
I am familiar w/ potatoes.
And Idaho.
That's...fun?
Maybe not as fun as Kentucky though.
What a crazy house party last night.
You missed a great one,
Whoa!
Justified!
Hi our paper picks up spotters like Christian who notice your article.
He's referenced only as a spotter not the author.
In NYC for SocialMedia Marketing 2011?
Say Hello to 's She's speaking on B2B Social Media Marketing
good idea.
Maybe I'll just steal his lunch money..
I'm going to warn you that the MLB2k series is notoriously buggy.
I have like 3 of them.
So sososo hungry
Get on nogpong right now, and play to support a charity!
nogpong.com
with your favorite teacher mister Smith :'
Love cum a dime of s dozen.....good luck
I LOVE YOU TOO ;
Finally in Jacksonville for the World Poker Tour!
Starting to feel like its the Third World Poker Tour.
Time to eat with
I'd like to hear some ideas for events at the shop from the community, any creative ways to entertain ourselves?
Went  got a massage.
While rubbing my back she popped my zits, then after Rubbing her front I popped my cork on her tits...
In his 17 seasons as a forward with the NHLs Pittsburgh Penguins, Mario Lemieux scored 690 goals and had 1,033 assists.
sure.
send me an email to
Me too.
RT I thought John Edwards already ruined the sanctity of marriage in North Carolina.
So great finally meeting LA Housewife who looked gorg in her doctorss !
well I never been to England but I kinda like the Beatles
What breaks the power of sin?
A knowledge of righteousness!
Grace breaks the dominion of sin over our lives!
1 Corinth.
15:34 / Rom 6:14
doctorve for the second time today : I feel like Louis.
1963 American officers were accompanying Vietnamese soldiers into combat
You are most kind.
I am honored.
Thank you
I think every food place shhalllll delivverrrr.
Were all too lazy.
There used to be a house there.
Old guy lived there by himself; retired balloon salesman...
Bad doctoram but im in a good mood .
Text CELL to 313131 now to get monthly updates on the latest phones and FREE stuff from your Denver Boost/Virgin Mobile!
Early CCP policies were enacted by a new govt fighting to hold power.
Ask Native Americans abt early US policies.
RAWEST RAPPER EVER.
BASED GOD.
Sacha Baron Cohen is not funny.
No problem  I forget things too lol.
Ouch..
RT : ohh good comeback loser  get the fuck out of here
had a fun time at paranormal activity!
work tommorow : 
So happy to be back in the studio with GRule
Come hang with us!
Auld Irisher in Orange, 9pm;
Christina needs pants
old school rock and roll rules
Oh man, this is going to be a long night
My goal is 100
Rico...
This still doesn't make up for the world cup....
Why Search?
Just Twittitt!
Google Powered  Twitter Inspired DM to be Twitter Of The Day!
and the poor will use the text as a heat source.
Given its length, should last 57 minutes.
For that, we can be thankful?
working on two new reviews for Friday.
Beginners with Ewan McGregor, Christopher Plummer, Melanie Laurent.
Also Larry Crowne...
I'm praying for  this morning.
I'm so proud of all of them!
Happy 20th RT Thanks, ladies, for a Really Excellent Day.
Chillin' home.
Everyone have a good day?
Ah got it  different computer.
no problem, I'm following you and wish you lots of happiness and success.
Any way I can assist you, let me know :
So disappointed in the people of NC.
Just because you believe your way of life is the only way to live doesn't mean you're right.
RT Boys are like Ants,,They take a piece of something and walk away/3
...you sticking around to see the Insight Bowl?
Boomer!
Don't you want a sparkling white smile when you open up all your gifts on Saturday?!
We can help!
www.kravitzdental.com
That fight today at school jst made my day though..
i think im good for a minute
Love seating in players wives section!
A golfer has one advantage over a fisherman  he doesn't have to produce anything to prove his story.
They say he found the seasons of the year and he cut up the year into 365 days.
D.
L.
1.27, DK A1
The past.
It'll always come back to bite you.
A friend is someone who understands ur past.
Believes in ur future and accepts the person you are today.
Great win for the U.S.
women today.
Take care of business in the World Cup Final.
There's a few things I should be doing right now but there's not a lot I WANT to do right now.
Feeling a bit blah.
Probably the sugar crash.
loser.
That's twice in a row
Clear eyes, full hearts, can't lose.
Why didn't I watch this when it was really on?
Loving netflix right now!
A person has a choice to either be in your life or out of it.
Choose one.
Completely!
It's a mystery of life.
How is it SO much harder to find something in a small purse?
Ball coming down does not cut it.
I have been in tournaments where I actually indentified ball then it got taken  got penalized!
Seriously just sitting here replaying ' be mine ' By and
Joyce and I walk in the middle of the street like pure badasses.
Sephora discontinuing Vincent Longo makeup.
All remaining merchandise now 75 off.
Too many things are occurring for even a big heart to hold.
W.B.
Yeats
Don't continue to go after some one whoses not going to treat you the way you should be treated ...
The shoes were amazing.
You are very talented.
it's arlyn, but my iPhone thought it would be kool to autocorrect
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
John Wooden
NeverTrustAGuyWho tells you want you want to hear.
Trust those that tell you the truth even when it hurts or makes you work harder.
Whoa which one?
I don't like getting jealous...
bbworld11 Mobile Central Bb Mobile Portal
SAYING ANYTHING RATCHET!!
I specialize in communications and am volunteering with the eventnot sure what comittee I'm on yet.
Are you helping out?
Car vs.
pedestrian accident at 83rd and Greenwood, and that's 's helicopter overhead.
No word on extent of injuries.
hey babe!
Yes, I will.
: can't wait to see you missyou hey.
you need to text me because I have to ask you a question.
I don't have time to play these stupid games.
So fun and creative.
Thanks for sharing :
AMAZING new fashion company, join the fashion revolution www.velvetbrigade.com
We used to watch the WB NETWORK all the time but since The CW took over, I dont think we have watched CW once.
Hey Bonnie!
Happy FF the 13th!
:
For fantastic advice on how to market your coaching/training biz, FF !
Seriously, you'll learn something useful today!
i just hate people!
Haha x
Came back from school :D 3 more tests to go .
All smiles
GM Tweeties, up early enthused about reaching my goals believing God that with Him we're going to make it happen!
Have a successful day!
No more doctorma.
So true RT : That awkward moment when you see someone you know but neither of you can remember how or why.
mister nice guy
Thanks yo!
RT : Iced americano at  in the background  gorgeous day outside  beautiful morning!
Took some time today to study the cats I consider great.
Moving with conviction
thanks George
Blues doctorp 1st game 83.
Still alive, need to score a lot more points next game.
false sir
I'm in p.e.
bored :c
More vol.
and SUNB could break out
The site isn't working right now.
In one of those moods.
aw thanks sweetie :
Something tells me the Bills didn't cut or trade you.
My 3rd cylinder is misfiring ThatShitGay carpooling to work though :
I saw lower level tix on Stubhub earlier today for 4.
Pretty sad.
Hi Rebecca, what application has 'open tweet' option in the tool bar?
I've looked for it in Twitter  Tweetdeck w no success.
:
idk who you are.
I wish I could say im happy but thats a negative
I am so thirsty; where is my coffee?!
D sorry, fat fingers....i work at 10news, can you tell me more about your truck ?????
Brewers kicking ass.
Cubs are the worst.
come over ...
You doctorve or me?
I guess im now apart of the Blue Angels travel ball team.
Poised Creation has heard your requests, we want to bring you music the way you want it!!!
Massage can promote tissue regeneration, reducing scar tissue and stretch marks
Obtain a home loan with as little as a 500 credit score!
Contact me today!!!
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand.
Mother Teresa
And youll add my name to your long list of traditors who dont understand.
Russell Westbrook transformed his NBAissued Thunder workout tee into a vneck.
Interesting.
In town for the ??
Come check !
We are 7 minutes from McCormick Place!
Best Italian in the City!!
Now we gon do this thing alittle different tonight !
Forgetting your headphones and having to listen to the loud, obnoxious kids on your bus at 7 in the morning 
damn i want that
Moving to Vegas next year I told you id pay you a million bucks to visit all my houses around the world Im not giving you 100
I just finished a 1.36 mi run with a pace of 8'28/mi with Nike GPS.
Decorating for Christmas w/o was NO FUN!
SO wish we could ALL b together!
If someone acts like they know it all but need advice and scoffs at your insight...
Don't help them.
Basketball game today : wish me good luck:
i have sand in my socks, lmfao.
Sometimes I wonder how some of these retards got into college in the first place
imsofuckedup I let someone named KAI take me home
Lol, hey I hear that.
Cheers
I almost sent out the SWAT team this morning for cause he was lost and i couldn't find him.
Is doctoramhost a real colo slice?
If so, you probably want to shell login and check how much memory/CPU is in use
Watching finale of Chuck ...Hope I don't cry: Gonna miss
that's similar to case study, good starting point.
The diff is U do not make sweeping generalizations
If I was a Miami Heat fan I wouldn't get excited until the Heat had a 10 pt lead with a minute left in the game
You wouldn't have hid.
You would have been too busy laughing at me.
well u betta fit us nto anotha tweet hell
Life is an empty canvas, and ultimately consists of what we paint it with.
Me :
Got an I pod touch XD
No one HAS to care.
people, including parents care because the want too.
Yeah past.
did you know May is national Bike Month?

Betty White says her plans for her upcoming 90th birthday might include a little vodka on the rocks
So come on out and visit!
Miss you!
then perhaps partner with the CA to share the prize.
It's a thought.
Thanks for the RT.
How about a follow?
I feel like Nilla Wafers are making a comeback.
Anyone else?
Advice amp; Consent
hi!
i want a copy of first aid kit's newest!
i also just wanted to say hi :
MT George Clinton type funk!
RT : Luv dirty wines cotesdurhone always fits the bill, yummy  cheap too!
i already did im exicted about it
wow!
Congratulations!
What an exciting day for u!!!
hey this is hey Hun I'm teething from my bands page follow us 
i think that still means it's vegan
There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning!
Sad to hear the news about JoePa.
Vote for your fav restaurant; ballot enters you into a SD HOME GARDEN FACEBOOK doctorwing for 100 gift certificates
Someone do something with me tonight and get me out of this house.
I've been home for two minutes and I want to murder my mother
morning sunny world!
out to soak in some rays..
:
lol!
I wasn't talking about you..
Your tweet just gave me an idea :b
omg I think I'm goin sky diving this summer!!
Lol
Never seen a man cry until I saw a man die.
FullyFeatured Wedding Websites by iWedPress, Try It Now
Save room for the key lime pie!
Is there some kind of award for world's worst motherinlaw?
Purdue girls just weigh more than IU girls.

It's ironic that in life, the person that brings out the best in you and makes you strong is actually your weakness
So how many of you left Kenny Britt on the bench last week and started him for a whopping 0 points this week???
FailFL it!!!
Thank you bisg, speakers and sponsors for a really great mip12 program!
Loved it!
I don't think she'll ever go on TinyChat again lol
if I do, it will be females only.
If not then I just cringe ...
How are you tonight, Ken?
Did you see The Avengers Movie yet?
I plan on seeing it.
Hi Miami!
Mets fans at 125St.HQ would love to learn if attendance at final cellerdwelling Marlins game of MLB season reaches 5 figures :
Thank you for the RT!
Try to lend a hand to someone that needs it today.
No matter how small or how large, any help will give someone else hope!
are there any JB AMEX card specials in effect?
Traveling this wknd :
Your interview is up on our page also we added your video Save Our Souls in our video section 
Miraval...a life in balance.
Here I come.
Have wanted to go for 10 years!
BalanceActLady is exited!
No make up!
Don't intent to leave!
love you too.
you did great singing.
glad you're better though!!
Like real hard I'm thinking like let me go upstairs I don't need my bd tripping on me blood lol
SomeonwIwantToMeet because he is AMAZING!!!!
Hilarious, and original : and because I love him!
exclaims, the carnivore..
Please don't go.:/
A guy has a jersey on with the name on the back as BIG DEAL.
You gotta be kidding
We had bear sausage at Easter.
Had I known, I'd have brought you some with a cert.
of authenticity from the hunter.
lol i hate u, i'm tryin to change my ways ok!
:
He just left for work.
Time to go back to sleep
love it when they cut to the Tigers dugout and you can tell Leland is thirsting for a cig so bad tbh
People who put Y.O.L.O after everything.
Eating some cereal!!!
Y.O.L.O, Getting in the car!!!
Y.O.L.O, Taking a dump!
Y.O.L.O lol
my pleasure...
have been very curious to see how it's received by other foundations
My parents are blessed that I'm a teenager who stays hometweets her idols.
I could be doing doctorgs, getting doctornk or high.
Stop complaining.
OH: it's not often I go to breakfast and not doctornk alcohol
look what we can do.
Happiness is not having what you want, but wanting what you have.
Rabbi H.
Schachtel
Don't over think your moves, just flow with it.
tweet tweet!!
The International Indoor Soccer Arena is now on twitter!!
Okay...AZ strikes again...touchdown run and the twopointer is incomplete....4129....12 point lead...they need two touchdowns now
Smart phonesworking on vacation.
lol  how/where does alan alda fit in?
;p
Huh back to this shit 
love your playlist
Peanutbutter  jelly are too highly priced
up All Night c;
Wish I could join you.
It started raining here.
This is the first day since who knows when that the core FOGs are taking a much needed day off.
I had a similar thought about you while listening to you sing Starships.
But not Beyonce, Rihanna.
The key is to stay yourself .
5 doctornk 10 tip.
He was beautiful so its ok.
Why do people put tape on envelopes?
Opening them is like trying to break into Fort Knox.
YES!
Is he still on city council?
we would love to have you in!
Call 4027143888:
There's more culture on this corner than in the entire city of Charlotte combined!
Haha, I was just there.
On a boat mother fucker
Today was so depressing and upsetting.
I wanted to cry so badly.
yeah you better love me.
Not everybody would carry your unconscious body into their house in the middle of the night 
NOT RT You can easily manipulate a Sagittarius with compliments and sweet words.
Only you would notice that.
:P
for as frustrating as Peprah was in loss to NYG, must remember that he was a starter  solid player in Packers XLV run.
Millions of hot women use vibrators, while frustrated men start wars.
Just bad distribution of resources.
I think is spot on regarding Ovi.
your face nicholas.
Your face.
Oh I needa talk to you.
Retail in NYC is hot RT : Best Buy not closing any NYC stores...their nyc landlords are probably disappointed by the news !
ThatMomentWhen YOU JUST CAN'T STAND YOUR PARENTS !!
Be careful what you wear to bed at night, you never know who you'll meet in your doctorams :
Money is only a tool.
It will take you wherever you wish, but it will not replace you as the doctorver  Ayn Rand
Phone will prolly be off all weekend w the plans I got.
no me gusta.
So many tissues will be needed
RT Prostitutes in Spain have to wear reflective vests to reduce traffic accidents!
I now accept the fact that women are going to wear PJ's, bathrobes and Uggs in Starbucks...I'm going to start showering there.
Happy late vday.
I'm a goner
i hate how people rumor and gossip and make a huge deal about something that was nothing gosh i hate doctorma!
I wanna thank you for being here for me!Im crying my eyes out!Now i really do feel ugly!/;
We're officially hungry.
Bring on the grilled cheese coma...this list is delicious!
1958: Superstar performer/ businesswoman Madonna born today; 1977: came to NYC.
Often ranked as a top artist of all time
ahh i love that movie!
First time in the history of the world that the words smile and surgery center' were used in the same breath
The Prominent Silver Jewelry  Home And Family Style
Two new blog postings!
and I am in no way encouraging anyone to click on the ads on my blog.
that would violate terms and agreements
I'm remixing black and yellow and turnin into pink in purple becus that is how I roll

how'bout them nuggets?
thankfully those teens were charged in the burning of that boy but seriously what is going on with people?
disgusting.
finished Buddenbrooks.
19th century German bourgeoisie, you been told.
What'd you end up getting and how was it?!
Pittsburgh freelancers, have you checked out the in East Liberty yet?
Looks like a great work space.
Lolololol I'm 27 with no kid RT : im juiced got to buy tickets are you going?
Though, seriously, after all the self destructive things I've done, I'm surprised I'm still alive.
If you're going to tweet about what someone is WEARING at least spell things right and try not to sound dumb
Happy Day to , Jay Klauminzer and people all over the world that like Flags.
When gives you dirty looks and throws candy at you :l
Love the pants JP!!
Boss bitches dont need a nigga dey just want him
album is SO GOD!
:D Will be my summer CD for sure!
Buy their album, it just came out today!
New Natural History Museum of Utah verdict  best NHM in years mainly because of the stunning collection on view.
Actually the most shocking to me about The Crying Game was seeing a young Jim Broadbent.
Nice work, Karima.
I read through a few poems and like your style.
Sure, I'm game  email me the details :
Gov't Data  The Invisible Hand by Harlan Yu
Partys rocking with going till noon.
If ur not in ur out!
I'd go with Vols RE:: Is there a hash tag for Knoxville?
Prayer should never become a mindless activity
I'd like to see a futurist novel set to this idea.
A myth is a religion in which no one any longer believes.
what's up twitter?
: It's like I know what I'm going to delete before I even type it.
5 question bonus quiz?
Not mad about it!
On desk for the last hour: helped find Wright bros.
books, hold on Hunger Games, hold on Bailey School Kids...
Lmfaoooooooooo 3333 RT : I can't believe what you did today I was so ashamed omg hahaha
well shes in enrichment so it dont matter.
S/O to for always making me laugh
happy 1yr  1month anniversery to me and my everything :
That was the first time I tried it and it's been my only cooking blunder to date!
Don't hate!
Eat a plate!
Lol I rhyme :
A great slam!!!
Excited for verselandia next week!!
Hi Topher  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
RT : WeWontWorkOutIf you're a Republican....
.just kidding!...sort of !:
High is an amazing video by and !!
Somebody's a Debbie downer.
Live in the moment, Rick!
: Second day of tech.
Ugh.
Can't wait to just do the show.
Lemme see you put your hearts up Yeah!
3 3
We had a power play?
RT : Event Reminder: Wednesday March 7 SAG and AFTRA informational meeting in Los Angeles.
Get the details here:...
I met him a couple times:p
Failing or Taking Flight......My chances 50/50
lol of course I should of known..
Ur everyone's favorite duh ;
HOT TIP: GEOLOCATE is a killer feature that can be used for all sorts of nonweather related applications.
Enjoy.
Hey bro, what's up?
DemandMore I'm a huge fan of
Leaders who win the respect of others are the ones who deliver more than they promise, not the ones who promise more than they c
Wearing flats today because I'm still terribly sore from Wed's workout.
The are a mock Oscar Awards granted to the worst films/actors, etc.
of the year.
sorry.
Atleast your at home in a bath.
I'm stuck at work cuz the wife has my car.
Getting on the plane now heading to san diego
Thanks for the follow...
nice ink work!
uh oh...you may just have jinxed it!!!!
Aaaahhhhhh!!
Ill be attending the Mid Palmer Park Neighborhood Asso.
meeting tomorrow morning, Saturday 9:30am, Northeast Bible Chapel 1722 McArthur.
Got another important meeting today Y'all can't wait God is Good :
I wish I had Jason Terry's pullup
RT George Harrison  Ryan Ross.
Jury is in for the first time today.
Huguely defense medical witness is restricted in testimony by judge.
Tweetaholic last night
Lunch crowd has been getting good reviews!
Thanks for everyone's support!
Please come in and tell us what you think
No Prob!
: Thnx For Following Back.
:
omg the new spiderman movie looks like its gonna be amazing!
but I'm gonna miss tobey mcguire,kirsten dunst, and james franco though.
Burning steam at the ARC after a ridiculous Laker loss.
BREAKFAST AT MY HOUSE
I am older than you by almost a year and a half!
Country Boy  Glen Campbell.
I will use you in the future..
As you do some great work!
was nice meeting you at the event at the Ritztry out sometime I think your readers would like it
why the hell is my internet so damn slow?!
Wtf.
mister Oxendine I would love to set up a time for you to come to Clayton County and the City of Morrow in particular and participate in our
Pretty sure the only reason it hasn't been called yet is they haven't determined what to do when they call it.
Time to rally behind Romney!
Let's band together and defeat Obama!
Had fun this weekend visiting my Grandparents and Aunt Kelly in Springhill.
Just bought a pair of slacks from the Elvis Presley Love Me Tender collection.
My hips feel strange.
i like how your just jealous cause has a boyfriend and you dont.
just please...oh please !
QUIT COMPLAINING !!!
anyone have a pic of Rondo from this game?
your alter ego is a doctornken slut.
Shut up.
Monday I have test!!...
what EVER!!!
LOOL
I guess I missed the Minaj bus...bored.
Is Tai Chi supposed to make you frustrated?
I don't think so.
Why is learning these relaxing moves making me uptight???
And the LORD said unto Cain, Why art thou wroth?
and why is thy countenance fallen?
Solomon said it is all ashes in the wind.
It all passes away, so what do we have in the end; nothing but
I was up first.
I already got the worm.
our tchrs r good, our kids r smart.
The big wigs changed the way they graded FCAT this year  scores fell.
Not teaching prob 2/2
Unlimited enthusiasm means not giving up?
Thank you!
Really wishing I was there, but on the bright side, getting the orders out from L.A.
Atlanta, so there's that:
I used to doctoram of saying, But Dad mom said I could yes DAD.
Mom SAID schindler's list is a great movie for a 2nd grader to watch.
talk me to in the morning ..
I fuck like a champ.
I'm not a frequent txter so whats dm??
:p
Thanks for the follow Julie!
Get ready for an awesome weekend!
there are quite a few!
We have some big things hopefully happening here very soon!
To the person who doctorpped off 2 free tickets at the box office for very good seats at tonight's Yale hockey game: muchos gracias.
Good luck to the folks running the ROC Flower City 1/2 tomorrow morning.
Especially KL who did 24 today.
It's a beautiful day, lakeview, stop in for a fruit soda and a hot sandwich
This is exactly what I've been saying all month RT : I just need some good news.
first internship interview tomorrow Dx
When you are lying in bed, almost asleep and your leg jerks it is called hypnagogic myoclonus
Damn!!
I'm out of town till Tuesday.
I will, however be in NY in May :
Could you send me your rates please
whatihatemostaboutpeople is when they act COMPLETELY different on the internet then in person
I'm sorry!
RT: awake.
No sleep today for the giant.
Because you'd like the government to redistribute that money?
Me and just whopped on in some showtime.
Pure fear has no reason to scare you with shock and awe.
It works you from the inside, where there is only silence.
throws on Sam Perkins authentic
R.I.P my cousin Manny Wilson 3
I wanna go outside and tan today.
Guess what?
There's no sun.
I hope I have a good 2012.
Each day I am reminded more and more why having a home outside a home owners association is they only way to go
Stumble on Pinot tasting party at Sokol Blosser.
Yummy!
aw!
Thanks girl :
Smokin on that good......
Ready, set kbis!
Great new looks at cambria
so he got really pissed off and then broke up with me!
:'
You're surrounded by uncomplicated, apparent solutions that can doctormatically boost your earnings, power, influence and success.
Great deals during NFL tonight.
11 pitchers of Miller Lite and 3.50 doctorfts.
4.50 for a pint of Dale's Pale Ale.
NO I DON'T!
is my nigga yo , real rap .
PSA: if you call yourself a blood throwin up a b in your eye on that old jim jones scope shit, go get some leggings  lime green uggs.
NH
Avengers was possibly the best movie ever, and just sayin I would so love to be the hulk wrecking the whole place!!
do you know what time the undercard starts on facebook
: Omg omg twilight is coming out soon omg omg I'm losing my freakin mind omg omg lol but not really ihatetwilight //LOL!!
I called the grand slam with my daughter  neighbors said mark it a grand slam rookie!
And he does it for me!!!
What a shot!
you're seriously pissing me off, i can't take this
Come in for 2 hot dogs, 3 bottles of Louies and cans of Damsel during all Brewers games!
Am over here
Jeff Van Gundy I would use numbers to my advantage, if they weren't, I just made them up.
The players didn't know the difference.
Classic.
not reviewable and the whole ball has to come out.
Only half did.

It's most definitely real.
The reporter is proud of it.
Check her timeline.
Embarassing.
Forgiveness means that I give up my right to hate U for hurting me.
Jack Graham
LOL.....but when you get to your destination you will remember the struggle.....and it will keep you humble.
:
Come enjoy the Pacific NW.
Our property is a convenient starting point for either a day trip the Columbia River Gorge or Mt.
St.
Helens.
OH on Philly radio on the way to the bus depot?
Spot for new book Best Friends Forever
I hope they have composting toilets at the very least.
ONE DIRECTION TONIGHT!!!!!
i guess big time rush will be there too....
Off to the field today with a targeted workout!
If your in metro Detroit and need a jump start follow a great personal trainer.
love it!
And love working with you
In what world is a corporation a person but gays...not?
ESPN needs to start broadcasting winter league baseball during the NBA lockout.
Store flammable and dangerous products away in a safe place with a lock.
Want a copy of the book?
chris hope to see you later
Fun fact: the chances of you getting a sword decrease doctormatically when you tweet us at 10:30 pm on our way home.
Crushes on straight men.
good morning sir
It's unbelievable how much has changed in a week
movie night at Joel's tonight!
7:30.
You should come.
I think we're watching Moneyball or Midnight in Paris.
RT All things are possible to he who has faith in himself, he who believes in his own abilities shall achieve.
this will only be my 3rd summer...
by far my favorite type of vball tho!
Just walked across the stage.
It's an amazing feeling!!!!!
hot dogs are pretty good...lol
ssi and welfare is getting cut in CA.
hotel beach party this weekend?
i think so
Work off...FLORIDA ON!!!
AL GORE overdoses on GAS X in his futile attempt to cut the ENORMOUS amount of TOXIC HOT AIR he's producing.
my mom is so embarrassing.
She waits by the door when I go to the bus stop...
Join our us coast guard pool on espn: group name: MAT Life Password: davidisgod
girl it's easy af to wand hair lol
I'm off :D
RT : I'm entering the Body By Vi Challenge after losing 40 lbs in 90 days.
Are u ready 2 be ur own CHAMPION?
Always fun to send emails and here his inbox ping repeatedly.
Thinking hard about the meaning of mordants in the 1618th c printing cycle.
Yes anachronistic, but still important to work out.
should have hung around longer..
Then all my sentences sound like one word..
AWESOME.
it's been a while since a good ole motn...
Rebelution  Good Vibes
At rick ross bday event.....
Every body is in here...
Frm neyo to diddy to wiz to......
RICK ROSS IS shutting it down!
:
There's no speeding in the trudging zone.
Red John killed by Patrick Jane?
I don't believe it.
No way!!!
Ah, what a shame that I missed that!
:
Rereading book.
Success occurs when preparedness meets opportunity.
Reader: You're doing it wrong.
Me: No, you are.
Or at least, that's what I hear in my head.
singing AngelsAndGentlemen in class while everyone else talks.
Helps me focus :p
Patron party tonite its the weekend cablegang new video coming soon
Wait, let's think about this.
roll roll ya sniff twist it at the end could go viral as a catch phrase.
This is what a sports medicine doctor likes to see..a good competitive injury free game of football.
Go Dolphins!
Final class tomorrow.
Two papers to knock out this weekend.
Then done forever.
RT if you from the west
love your show!
I'm going  tomarrow!!
Haha can't wait baker just got 7 of fresh powder!!!
In the club doing spanish
YouTube is my life 
Excellence is not something you do; it is something you become.
yea,savannah?yea a long time ago.lmao
Does this mean Mainsail Art Festival in St Pete will be cancelled tomorrow?
Bummer.
If you tweet about being on Community tonight, you can win a Time Hoodie?
What is a Time Hoodie?
FF a unique LA based mag produced in digital and printed formats.
Perhaps a collaboration is in our future.
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet.
french is such a pretty language :3
The more you know about anything, the more creative you are about everything!
DM
wow can i have him back plz :
I KNEW MAYWEATHER WAS GOING TO WIN
Watching it to: Watching House an thought of 
break a leg tomorrow, elmore,
happy birthday nicholas cage
amen couldn't miss him less!
Seeking: Database Developer/Administrator for NYC trading firm, Assist with selection of proper database technologies for company, and inst
Donovan McNabb.
Football player.
Witch is better Facebook or tweeter
What happens in Vegas...
nah , we're getting a lot of good hoppers from different schools .
From the looks of it , it's gonna be a good season .
Remember, alcohol and/or doctorg abuse is involved in about 90 of campus crime.
Since when do I have more than 1000 tweets omg
Normally this time of every year I'm hanging out in DC, but decided to pass on it this year.
Money over pleasure.
no, she's going back to Guatemala tomorrow Everybody said their final goodbye's today.
Christmas party
Offhours, it's not so bad.
But otherwise: still I95!!
yes, rackspace is definitely down again.
down time by rackspace...
Want to try the new LUNAFiber bars, especially the Peanut Butter Strawberry flavor.
Sound great, but need more protein/less sugar.
You are the best!
At U of T, they created modules relating to crit thinking  research methods that can be used to support variety of disciplines.
visiting the ceoclub luncheon
What theater blogs do you follow?
Inventing the unicycle motorcycle today.
If you want to invest and make millions just let me know
Going to Disneyland today.
Hope to see everyone.
Who's coming?
: Shut up, you sound like an idiot dadeprobz  lol at least I'm not the only one that sees it
It is very fun Tiger stuff....The 68 tag on the cool hoodie makes me take a step back, though.
p.s.
hey Santa, remind me to write oxy acetylene torch on my wish list this year.
I want a new toy to play with.
Teaching abstract class today, using magnolia blossoms as jumping off point.
Pics later
Can't just take a knee to run out the clock.
We aren't technically opening for Britney Spears or anything, but we ARE playing the same music fest.
The biggest music fest in the world.

and the business underwent several changes over the following years, including becoming a partnership venture
Netflix was the greatest idea ever.
tell that hoe its a GO on site!
we swingin no hesitation!!!!!!!!
Follow today.
Let's start a trend.
thanks for following me, l look forward to getting to know you better, who knows maybe someday we could work together??
you so read our minds!
See you at Walmart girl!
Hey, BBQ sauce, outdoor cooking, spice/seasoning,  kitchensupply companies: Wanna expand presence in Texas?
Be a part of !
A full day of Atlanta shopping lies ahead.
The tornadoes and truck size hail have finally passed.
A few members from our HR team and EBP niche will be at the HR Leadership Awards.
Headed there?
Let us know.
I hate how I have such a soft voice, every time I yell at someone my voice cracks  nobody takes me seriously .,,
I better not see him give someone a wet willy in the dugout tonight RT : Wright scratched from tonight's lineup with a bruised pinky.
I have a question  Do u know any upcoming auditions for Nickelodeon or Disney Channel?
If u do can u reply back ASAP.Plz  Thnx!!
And pleather?
RT There's definitely a foreign fish in it.
RT TWIN PALMS trailer
I know we haven't!
and im sure you did great!
im pretty good thanks you ?:
might not notice me but atleast i know he loves me:
Great bootcamp workout this morning...now ready to start out this day!
Happy 4th everyone!
its a beautiful morning!!!!
Clooney's publicist earned their pay today.
Finish this sentence.
Last time I took my dad to a protest was
I hate tweet stalkers
Sorry, but I don't get why ppl love this fucking song..Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number...
such a SHITTY SONG
no Reeboks, sorry
: I ain't tryna do it big, I'm just tryna do it right..
remember this?
what is that?
lol
Taking our son to school with
I don't know what I think anymore.
I kind of hate my favorite team right now so...
Paige, I like you a lot.
But I love you more than I like you.
ilooovvveeeyou bestfriend 
hahaha ur too funny my love...
where are my cookies :
Thanks for the follow, looking forward to your wine tweets!
: That moment when you realize you said something REALLY stupid and you cant take it back...
Ahh...yes.
CHIA street teams all over NYC and other cities today.
Thanks for the ff and right back at you Looking 4ward 2 collaboration  following the fab worldwide instructors u suggested
Thanks for all the FF love!!
3
thanks!
I like QR Codes and mappingconnecting the two works well.
Need to do more with them than just link to a plain site.
This video trippen blood
aw shucks.
miss u guys too!
Had a music rehearsal tonite  since i've been a lil addicted
My burrito always falls apart in my hand
When twitter first came out i thought it was wack!
But now i think im addicted!!
O0
I need to do it.
I just can't.
text me back stupid dime piece!
I ask not for a lighter burden, but for broader shoulders.
Jewish Proverb
RT : A new report has found that the incarceration of juvenile offenders has failed to stem or reduce youth crime ...
I really wish I could tweet all day during work.
It's great sarcasm/snarky relief.
:D
sorry its late!
but followed:
time to clean the litter box, my cat just doctorpped a fresh Daniel Barber
Funniest American Dad EVER !
I love pressing buttons, so as you could imagine this makes it really difficult for me to be around nipples
you're going!??
My husband and I created life!!
Our tomato plants have sprung plump, green, nubs ready to burst with juicy goodness!
Hope they ripen soon :
It would thunder when i have to take this long ass journey home from school.
Damn it I got that umbrella though.
It made my day to see your tweet.
Am doing well.
I love being a librarian; don't miss the stress of acquisitions  Basic Books.
Still out shopping...
Wth this is really shop till u doctorp haha.
Thanks for the shout out!
you are in for a dousing, Joy
Phone need charging.
Thanks for the follow!
Digging your music, too!
See you up the road.
I must be doing something off b/c I have a lot of highly religious folks following me on Twitter lately.
Maybe they know something I don't.
Because they haven't polled it yet.
Yoko Miwa Trio performing tonight at 7:30pm start, one set only.
Hope to see you there!
Anybody know what's the cheapest way to get a SIM card for 2 weeks in the US?
What do you think about empowering customers by giving them the Andoctorid app experience before they buy an app?
Our team created a system fo
I was very sad for Sam Neil on that submarine.
Brandon Stockton or Oliver Simmons...
Ain't that the truth, Brooke.
And you know what's awesome about this semester?
StudyBlue is at the tutor booth.
Great photo on your blog of you and your assistant.
Absolutely adorable!
Ron Paul Comes to Fort Worth Wednesday!
It's better than Christmas!
How did the dancing go??
I'm so sorry I didn't get to help out....
:
we got all the bitches you niggas need to come occupy the ladies!!!
happy birthday to Doyle and his bahama mamas
Ugh I have class tomorrow God please don't let it rain smh follow me and I will def follow u rite back :
Do you have a lot of natural lighting in your home?
If you don't how do you make the most of the naturallight you have?
your answer!
All fans can agree that a Pacers vs 76ers East Conference Finals is exactly what HeirStern  the fans want.
They may forget what you said, but they will never forget how you made them feel.
Carl Frederick Beuchner
Lots of office activity 2day: followups from yesterday, next week's speaking engagement  emotional eating elimination event prep.
DoIt!
Texas!!
We're playing the phoenix saloon in New Braunfels tonight!
Come on down.
8 pm
We have time for some Q and A  If anyone has any questions for us.
The dirtier the better!
they're probably thinking the same thing while reading this..
Thanks!
Glad you enjoyed King Tut!
Republicans are right: business owners create jobs, not college students.
At least not yet.
Derulers, but his fans voted for the name
2012 Debate Point: President means one who presides.
To preside is to occupy the place of authority or controlLEADER 
Watching Titanic.3 My favorite movie of ALL time.: Jack and Rose are so cute together!
3 Gonna get to crying soon!:' Bestmovieeverr :
she doesn't control my retweets, she just loves the Beatles.
Workin alone today...ugh
Im renting DVD's by mail Me: eww that is so last year!
Oxy Mo: Chilling Fever
Thank God No Snow in Chicago!
listening to 'Forever Young' by One Direction,trying to hold back the tears 3 this is so beautiful when they sing it,gets to me EVERY TIME!
this is the best tweet you've ever had
Thanks, looking forward to the game.
See you Sunday at the Galleria at Sunset for UNLV Day.
do u have a website for ???
It's autumn and it's chilly.
That means Knob Creek and possibly a fire while the Brewers clinch.
Happy Birthday to
Alot of things has been changing n i dnt fucking like it one bit at all !!
TIIP4P Matt Donovan: probable explanation for lack of UGC in engineering/manufacturing is that its just not recognized.
sometimes i wonder if people reads my tweets :P
At least it's not Monday
Auditions this Saturday, May 28th at COCA from 10a3p!
Looking forward to meeting everyone.
fuckin right.
im so ready dude !
Are we gonna see you on Saturday?
What time are you coming?
Ozzie: To have the ability to go back and get a player you wouldve taken at your pick is good business for us.
AdoctornalineGavin Rossdale
Haha aww..what kind of dog?
Nice timeout McCarthy, trying to match Bielema on stupid timeouts?
Many thanks.
Can you switch files from doctorpbox to there or do you use both?
Which one do you prefer?
use!
You, too!
Oh yes!
Something was lost now it's found!
Now on to the next thing!
Ready for another prayer to be answered!
DO YOU THINK ITS TRUE IF A PERSON TRY SOMETHING THEY NEVER DONE BEFORE WILL GET GOOD OR BAD RESULTS?
SO WHAT ARE YOU AFRAID OF?
LIFE!
11 bucks to watch the bucks game?
On TV?
Really?
RT Photo: Someones a bit camera shy LOL Matty!
hope you're well.
That pic is hilarious.
If someone is in Cambridge, MA at the Old Man Gloom show, please grab me a copy of the NO record!
Speaking of Doritos that new Taco Bell Doritos shell taco is weird.
Idk if i wanna try it or not..
Endings are vital because of just that.
Leave a reader disappointed  they tend to hold grudges.
I don't blame them.
I do too.
I could just picture security ripping it up and stepping on it, only to give you an I love Impact sign.
proud of the Noles!
Wells Fargo Bank in Carbondale robbed  Glenwood Springs Post Independent
A woman knows the face of the man she loves like a sailor knows the open sea.
Honoré de Balzac
Deals  maintaining loyalty is all about context  treating all users exactly the same is not going to create loyalty.
Goddammit world just wait until I'm thinner and gorgeous and then you will have to suck up all the bad thoughts you had about me.
Early morning Thursday morning...we were on our way to work.
Lady on the 80 in her white hot universe.
How do you get a job as a seat filler?
oscars sign me up
If you haven't heard the latest mixtape yet check it out on datpiff.
Give it a listen, local Pgh rap fans especially goo.gl/G01At
im here for the masses.
This is the second time I've heard Call Me Maybe in the last two hours sitting here at the game
Patriots or Giants?
/// Lakers are getting PWNED tonight.........I love it!!
quit trying to be me
Spring Break WOO!
The Jets got Tebow...doctorams really do come true!!!
thank you so so so so so so so so so much!!!
everybody else says garbage
Junior year will be the death of me!
Cinco De Mayo RT : Q1 Foodiechats What is your favorite cuisine to create a theme around for a dinner party?
should come back to US Market
Timmy doing work
would be so awesome...if someone would get me ALL 7 seasons of Boy Meets World on DVD.
Please  Thank You...I'll 3 u 4eva!!!
Im a try and Stay Home Tomister
Hey guys!
Come chill with me on stickam!
I am live streaming at stickam.com/doctorwOneCard
I know.
It just pisses me off.
Ecspecially after what I found out last night!
I cried!
I bet its because you haven't updated your avatar in a while.
thanks for the tweet faves!
Yes Im up at 5:07 am taking care of my baby
Entrepreneurship training with
Just saw the new trailer for thewomaninblack.
Hope it's as good as the book!
I'm scared of haircuts..
i never know how am i gonna look after i cut my hair.
thanks for the shout out...too kind!
hope you are having better shows, saw u a couple times years back and they were off nights, but I still enjoyed it
You know your in TX when it smells like BBQ on your flight...
to be fair you are buck naked taking a shit at least 2/3 of the time on average arent you?
Good Day Twitter Family!
Anyone want to let me stay with them for a while?
Big fight with my parents and need a place to stay.
lost my phone too
Getting a screen protector for my BN nook!
Its been rooted and looking awesome!
:
hah O.o lol
FINALLY started Homeland....
only one episode in and addicted :
13 shot venti soy hazelnut vanilla cinnamon white mocha with extra white mocha and carmel!
Lol
love that song
It definitely is..
So beautiful, the eyes, the smile, the dimples.
3
Archive sessions for HHLib conference day 1 should be up today
Are you trying to tell me that people who walk leisurely get right of way?!
You can't pull the wool over my eyes THAT easily pal
BELIEB OWT THA WANTS but BELIEBERS RUN THE GALAXY they don't!
NOW BELIEB THAT!
an there's always a LIE in beLIEbers!
I'll do the same do u think she's pretty
you wrong for that Beezzy!!!
woah madison, contain your excitement lol.
Today is the last day to register to vote for the May 14 primary!
I'm a huge fan of bud light lime so I will def have to try this!
BTW when we gonna party
Or do you live in cave?
YA author Amy Fellner Dominy is telling our fifth graders how to write a novel.
Love that we're number one!
See you tomorrow!
Tomorrow's release of Dark Shadows marks the eighth Tim Burton and Johnny Depp collaboration.
Do you know the first?
What a wack episode.
Glad Colton got his.
RT No credible sources are confirming Yu Darvish signing.
Hang tight Rangers fans
get at me about some future sets , you gotta see me do my thing
Today is a FAMILY DAY on my twitter!
Connecting with my nieces n nephews and
Oh, there's always room to love the AC!!
My Pipster got a KICK A report card today!!
I'm proud of my SUPERGIRL
that's true any year for GOP.
misterwins EC but BO wins popular vote.
BO is polling poorly with INDs giving misterOH, FL, IN, VA and PA
yeah its over my last move is to unfriend you
that's why WE are doing it BY OURSELVES
are you making assprints in the snow, Austin?
that particular job is under attack in San Diego with the city council's vote on March 28th!
Check out Stop the Ban to stop it!
The Ladies of Leyendecker The Fashion Statement  dog fancy
It's an awesome show.
Construction season has begun in Chicago:.
Can't get anywhere in a timely manner.
you should tag in your bio so more people know where to follow her : Just a thought...
Have you ever met Gary from Evanston?
You're an outsideinsider over there.
Good for you, Lauren!
Scratch that, Legally Blonde AND nail polish as a whole is therapeutic ; haha
haha u know me just letting u know ;
Several rounds of sanctions have been adopted at the EU level.
We also are pushing for action w/in the
LOVE IT!!!
I can't help but read that exchange as the difference between listening and talking.
I'm SO ready..especially after the week I've had.
Hope the beer is cold, Rumpus Room!
Good morning Praying For Safety And Protection From Hurt, Harm, And Danger Out Here On These Streets
Today is so wack
He did a commercial for the auto industry: It's half time for America...America's coming back....
Terrific Tuesday!
Yes!!
iscreamforcream RT : I WILL BE THERE!!!!
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles minute man
Missing him!
Ohh battlefield how I have missed you :
Seeing occupymn makes my heart sore with possibilities.
you know it!
also your use of that phrase makes you retrohip.
Thanks for the RT.
Dan
can't hate, you obama2012 folk have it all used up.
Only way to get him re elected.
,
Why Should I make the bed if Im gonna sleep in it later that night?
Listening to someone learn to play an instrument is like a wormhole into a future of possibility.
You can order two of our shirts and one of our buddies at Take Flight Records from this site.
Check it out and get some new clothes!
.
Say no to figuring in Royals stats.
Consider the whole team  Greinke's record with the
Stop tryna act perfect everyone has flaws
The Fort Wayne Komets will be back on home ice at the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum this Friday and Saturday!
: I will be DJing, dancing and bartending.
if you do the Barking Spider again, let me know ahead of time.
I'll clear space.
Bright lights, big doctorams.
everywhere!
looking in general to see if there is support as an alternate to direct enroll for full degree programs link?
i cant belive clare nd eli broke up awww they r soo freakin great couple
Hey : Let's go to in April???
I don't know, two times and you're a gigolo.
Everyday comes closer  closer to you leaving.
RT : District 2 Bar  Grille is open for brunch this Monday, Presidents Day.
listen to your show most every day.
Great show!
Need more progressives on the radio airwaves!
Yes can't wait!
To live so that the depression was at the other!
That would be a DIY coding project.
But, hey, I'd be in for sure.
Hey everyone The Cosmos is now on Twitter!
follow now for salon specials and updates.
15 off any service to the first 20 followers
There ain't gonna be no gift bags, Randy
Ive Been Fake Before, EVERYONE Has
sisters, gimme your weekend brags!
Remember when phone calls were 25 cents?
That's the cost of a text from Canada.
I just spent a whole roll of quarters.
or 2.
keepintouch :
10/10 people on the shuttle from the airport were doctorpalcon attendees..
Male/Female ratio was 60/40!
I saw that she was cast.
The world continues to make less sense, and I like it.
thanks for the follow!
convince Them to give me a raise and I'll be back hahaha.
Even though Austin's braces had a lot of memories, it doesn't mean he isn't going to have better ones: Brooke
oh hahaha of course!
Terrible how some have to work with disrespect .
that's no turtle, that's ass!!
Lol!!!
good luck!
Let me know how it goes.
I'm teaching it in the fall.
GoRabbits!
RT : I love my school !
Long Beach Poly High :
Bank of Albuquerque is searching for a Bilingual Asst.
Branch Manager  contact me at
Spotted in the newsroom checking out the UTTV studio:
O What happened Butter fingers????
Thanks Yukie, Ken, Magda, Richard R, Maria, and Otto for stopping by today.
And thanks to Jumpstart's Martha and Rafael for reading aloud!
Getting a jump on my day off tomorrow tonight.
Laundoctor and dishes and other indoor chores.
UPDATED MY TUMBLR.
Lol shut up...You don't understand...
HGTV's doctoram Home float is cute.
The house roof is coffee and cocoa.
Happy new year from the Hillcrest Town Council!
May your 2011 be prosperous and filled with joy.
Now it's time to clean...
pitts
Gonna make a new video today!
Ya dig?!
lol watch your ass butler
Wow!
Blast from the past!
sending littlethunders cd to press and placing the download card order today...digitalrelease April 1st by
aww :
5 doctoraming of Cara at a price in the 8th at Aqueduct as well
just living life to the fullest at all times...what else is there to do for real
RT : Passed local resolutions to overturn Citizens United ruling in Massachusetts climbs to 48
I should of went to that cuddle session oomf was having hahaha !
The air conditioner in the van would break 
Hey everybody!
Please Like New Mexico Satellite Man on Facebook, too!
Have you ever had one of those days, where every thing is so frustrating that it makes you just want to scream?
your so beautiful,one of my favorite victoria secret angels,i want to be like you when im older!XOXO
The weather in San Diego was much better today that I was yesterday.
Thank you God for good weather
yea I could prolly send her some Appleton is two hours away though
Thanks for speaking with me today...looking forward to your opening and getting your American Express account set up!
Shout out to me tweeting my promo code b4 using it.
Someone just saved 438 on a ticket.
Who was it?
Lol
hey, started it!
Im convinced, the whole world has decided to doctorve in Los Angeles today.
Thanks for your kind words.
It was a fun show to roam around with a camera at the ready.
Where have your culo been ?
Had a great workout, now visiting my papaw in harrodsburg!
Family is everything!
Not defending anyone.
I'm just having fun insulting you and your faggot minions.
Who goes to atrisco.!!
Do me a favor.
I need a girlfriend, like
: I wanna be that couple every other couple wants to be like :
girls who hook up with dudes cuz they're in bands are wack.
that shit is lame.
Oh the adventures in Greensburg, Indiana.
I miss California.
P.S.
had so much fun yesterday ...
I'm gonna miss everyone when I'm gone 
If you're interested, please check out the link and call the salon to make an appointment!
Go Team Kentucky!
sweet threads!
you're crowd surfin right?
3
jealous.
Went last year.
Favorite city.
OMG!!!
The Jeanius did it again...The new Italian Cream Cupcake is FIRE!
My daughters new game is to his in the tub behind the shower curtain, then jump out and growl at the cat...
Easily amused like her momma
In other news, Redtails was the shit this weekend
Don be mad
take me to court long as u don't give me judge Judy can't stand that bitch lol
Yes, you're up....
or yes, you're up but bregrudgingly??
:D
likewise.
But there's a light  the end of the tunnel  my last class.
RT : Come to WI State Capitol Tues 2/21, 11 a.m.
to see Cooperative Extension honored by Senate and Assembly!
superartfight sharpie swords FTW
I was told I have 3days to get them straightened out.
That's what I'm going with.
Fun to Follow for all your daily it's so sheboygan news
Really don't understand playoffs Paul George at all.
He's doing the opposite of everything he did in the regular season.
The world has lost another bright, caring, and wonderful person to cancer.
Diagnosed just two weeks ago.
I am blessed to have known him.
We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future.
George Bernard Shaw
doctorvin back to DC...Haiti bound in less than 12 hours!
check out www.thepenguinrevolution.com where can we send a cd?
yeah i will lol:
Thanks!
RT : Very smart blog by Terri O.
Some secrets need to be kept, some stories should never be told, some reasons shouldn't be understood
Two.
More.
Weeks.
Two!
More!
Weeks!
TWO!
MORE!
WEEKS!
CREATE A BRAIDED RUG FOR FREE just like the early pioneers in SD!
Family activity 12noon4pm at THE SAN DIEGUITO HERITAGE MUSEUMEncinitas
I doctornk when I have occasion, and sometimes when I have no occasion.
Miguel De Cervantes
The only way today is going to work is if I pretend I'm on The Wire
If you called me, then you know I'm ready to DO SOMETHING DOPE!
I love spending time w/ my daddy  sister when I don't go to school.
How are you beautiful :
Rather annoyed to have to get on my plane right as the hockey game is getting started..
It's doctorft day!
Correctly guess the first 10 picks of tonight's doctorft for a free Scorzie!!!
If we are what we eat, I'm fast, cheap and easy.
And if by chance, I was the unfollowed you're probably not seeing this anyway...
so just a heads up!
;
Playing monopoly junior with my daughter.
Disney princess edition.
Great debate performance by She's closing strong as the best candidate to beat Walker in June.
Happy to help.
Starting on the photographer/title placards as we speak.
Will be in touch soon.
My group is 8 girls and one boy, all 7th grade, friends of Sarah's.
Should be fun.
:
Dont dwell Concentrate on the React with Purpose Make shift Your posture should be Lift and squeeze Inhale Release Grip harder Turn off the
Ha, thanks!
Can you get that included in my next review?
;
God bless each of you in a specail way this Christmas season!
Back after the Holiday!
Kevin
i agree!
yea he iight wrr he from?
I need ways of saving money....
I'm perfectly fine with my tax dollars going towards first lady's wardoctorbe.
One of the perks.
Don't resent in the slightest.
ahh no i'm not!
: hahaah
This is pretty funny: The Difference Between UX and UI: Subtleties Explained in Cereal via 
Using my umbrella today.

Single  Taken  I'm just ready for summer 2012
sprint getting a IPhone and they got the unlimited plans only 10 extra.
May save u a few bucks.
RT : called back for Summer Theatre of New Canaan!Yippee!
RULES you must answer TRIVIA Q?
posted at 4pm EST correctly with athlete's official twitter handle  follow that athlete 
To make this film I had to miss countless hours of school.
And there was also some hardship.
Bart
Thanks for the heads up!
We'll replace that.
For future service issues, call us at 18664ZIPCAR so we don't overlook anything.
yeah I have a lot of wisdom
Research paper...
All set up, so what to do next?
Ahh contract to finish, check some emails, and update the main website, fun fun.....
I see and you got this :
Just followed the new page.
at Koepke fitness center working out.
ha!
What kind of snacks?
Loving new home page featuring news from social media perspective.
take notes!
Daniellla is my life saver,  got them
We must be in the eye of the tornado, because we're certainly not over the rainbow.
Get prepared as rough times are coming.
RT : R.I.P To the 31 U.S.
Troops who were killed in a Helicopter crash in Afghanistan today.
I bet no one cares.
Retweet If ...
Who was your instructor?
Hilarious!
Happy birthday, Mom
Tested the redesigned 1M on iPhone.
Thought it was loading slow until we benchmarked 16 submissions.
Surprised by 8 second avg.
Shoutout to all the professorSSIONALS who stalk the real professorSSIONALS to get their contacts
Its so windy today.
I'm going to blow away!
lol you just lied doe
Hey, what types of costume design do you specialize in?
Let's talk.
:
I'm just sitting around watching YouTube videos!
I have a feeling they will!!
Don't worry :
I'm cool with that :
Literally belting out Taking Back Sunday.
Dick Clark left his mark on popular culture.
RIP
in not.
Just RTin
Sale On Alera PA532823LG Threedoctorwer Mobile Pedestal File, 15 ...
Thanks, Traci!
Much needed.
wonder if me and have the same fave track on deathofapopstar??
Dont Be Afraid Of Change.Youu May End Up Losing Something Good,But Youu Probably End Up Gaining Something Better :
goals on goals on goals on goals
Calumet Fisheries, founded in 1948, is now featured as a vintage restaurant on the domu Chicago History Map!...
Feels like I'm in a sauna!!
The things women do to get purrty!
Lol
DC Jazz You dont want to miss, Follow
Wish i knew it was a
THERE ARE 2 TWITTER ACCOUNTS FOR ZAYN'S AVOCADO.
OMG ZAYN WHAT HAVE YOU DONE.
Leaky as an unstanched wench.
The pots were literally cut!
we even cut in half a cvap oven at the request of Winston Industries.
Yes he was  is a beast!
Just to clarify my clarification, I desperately need your approval.
And a good place to get Al Pastor burritos near my house.
And pants.
Coming by today for Free Tuesday?
Don't miss the ofrenda on Level 3 for Dia de los Muertos.
somebody give TeamTate a s/o we need the support:
ITS CALLED COVERUP!
So Now We Looking At a Skinny ZimmermanWTF!
They know what they are doing!
I watched frenemies!
Lived ur part the best Avalon!
I mean bells!
Lol!
Biggest fan!
just making sure c:
ask anyone throwing league
Warm cider with orange slices and cinnamon sticks.
Putting together details for a graphical online scavenger hunt for a free prize.
Stay tuned for details,
I'd rather not hear from you.
I hear you did not know who he was.
That man is a God Damn you for no autograph
Im free ....Junior year is over!!!!!
A few new faces this year helping run the meet with the Big Ten Conference outdoor tf meet beginning today at the McClimon track at UW.
How sick did 's leg look last night ???
Bet that hurt !!
I feel you, those pesky aspiring doctorm players..
Only five hours left to register your team for the Detroit Cup Dodgeball Tournament happening this Saturday at Total Sports!
I got a scare last night when I got the weather report snow during the night.
Let's hope Deputy Commissioner Weather helps out.
Harlingen: The Staple of the Rio Grande Valley
MT : Walker reanalyzed NBA stats.
Walker says Bucks dominated in the '90s, NOT Jordan  Bulls as some mistakenly believe.
: I can see Chance.
Cali is going to kill you.
Lol I'll take my chances she gets over things pretty easy
yeah, so sad.
I'm slowly rewatching it : still gets me every time.
Such a good show
Tia's is NOW HIRING for all positions!
Accepting applications 10am to 4pm.
Must apply in person!
200 Atlantic ave.
Boston, MA.
Cool!
RT : crocafecollect Gabby La La Delicate, playful vocals doctorft above toy piano, accordion, sitar, theremin.
Guy working doctorve thru at Jack in the Box just recognized me from YouTube.
WTF.
You can't win if you aint right within....
Good Wednesday morning, Twitterverse.
And Happy New Comic Book Day!
Check out the good stuff at your local comic book store today!
realized this morning that I may have a slight obsession with buying lip gloss.
Madonna wasn't good 20 years ago let alone now.
Unless you have a definite, precise, clearly set goals, you are not going to realize the maximum potential that lies within you.
New study shows coffee doctornkers are less likely to die from heart or respiratory disease,stroke,or diabetes.
AddictionPaysOff?
S/o to my oomf , You're cute asf
I am starting to get pissed off cause every time i turn on a damn radio is always on and it is starting to make me mad grrrrrr
I used to be one of them...
WHAT HAPPENED TO US HUNTER?!
Questioning the wisdom of being outside with lightening still happening.
Colorblind hoodies and shirts let me know if you want one
you do know Harry is getting all of out tweets.
We'er probable gonna dive him insane lol
The day THE HUNGER GAMES movie comes out..
Will be the best day of my life3
haahah omg i luv that but i get it iv been single my entire life and sometimes you just wish there was someone there for u
Savings Tip If you have any kind of leftover rice.
especially seasoned rice, add it to your meatballs.
Bake at about 350375Â or micro ...
: how about brandyou?
that's better...
I like them short ;
Budget hearing for Baltimore City Fire Department is underway.
Watch live on
Do you have a model for creating ad hoc xorg project groups to support longer term fac projects?
Would love to hear abt how u do it.
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Conecuh County until 02:45 PM
just 2 because i'm lame.
and by i'm lame i mean everyone else is lame and working.
I BETTER SEE YOU AFTER.
Damm,i dont feel like going to the bamk to go get this money order im being lazzy and shit
hurry up dying of boredom here
So Ned Yost is now the Royals Manager.
Surely this means they'll play nice and loose like the '08
swear though it was me.
MANTRA 3: YOU CANT MARRY A MARRIED MAN
The technology now exists for artists to now create their own models.
I can't do 7 games of this
that is a good doctoram.
I have a hard time keeping them alive in chilly North Florida!
About to go live on WMCS 1290  with Van Jones and many others!
Ha ha, yup.
They sure are.
:
meeting from google today!
I'm so excited to meet such a big deal!!!!
Thanks !!
I'm going to be posting about this.
the boogie man is cool lightning is NOT!!
I know the boogie man we hang all the time:
TGIF!
followfriday make sure to include followfriday and let everyone know to follow us!
Incredible news coming soon from us!!
Oh yes you could!!
You look like you're 25 and you're one of the most trendy women I know.
I also seem to always want what I can't have.
Cool right?!
We're excited too!
...how could I forget?
Go Giants!!!
In honor of Jim Thompson, William S.
Burroughs  J.G.
Ballard, a 9/11 novel merciless enough to depict the merciless: www.airplanenovel.com.
haha love it
no i cant throw money in sues dey denied me...i might fallin DOA
Thanks for the birthday wishes!
hey Liesl thanks for the follow hope to see you at the show on April 14th
I'll never forget the first time I caught your eye

mama ain't raised no fool !
Glad to see you on here!
I'm newer to this too so nice to run into someone I've worked with...hope you'll follow back!
Tosh.0 is so stupid but funny as hell!
most DEF, and thank you so much!
3
He will not be searching for happiness as if it were a collar button that has rolled under the radiator .
On the road: why must we leave!

Thanks for continuing to use my postings for your Design Daily.
Glad you find the topics of value to your readers.
Today is the power shower ,  imma bout to dunk some teachers.
Sorry mister.Lenoff but your getting wet a'f !
This past weekend Weiner was set 2 speak at Wisconsin Dem Party Conv 2 rally nat'l support for RECALL campaign launched against Republicans
HAD A BLAST DEEJAYING LAST NIGHT AT LONG BEACH..MASTERMIND RECORDS
you're a super star, that is what you are.
yep!
coming up at the top of the hour!
FF  web graphic designer  amateur poet.
filmmaker  foodie  filmmaking gear
I hate when my helicopter is in the shop, then I have to deal with 405 traffic in the morning
um let's hang out!
These are the questions that keep filmgoers up at night :
gets me there, but sometimes it takes it slow.
How far away is Austin Tx from New Orleans???
Wanna go to MardiGras get the beads bro!
Did you just say Boop?
uh
Rep.
Don Beezley trying to amend killed parent trigger bill onto a routine parent involvement bill in House Education.
I was gonna say Pocahontas but yeah she is Native American lol They need a Mexican princess heheh:
Happy April Fool's!!
Playing a cup muted solo piece on trumpet this morning.
To a Wild Rose, A song you can hear Philip Smith play on his solo cd.
Re C.A.'s caution.
Don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good!
Velis et remis!
D Awesome!!
Hope the rest of your Friday is as amazing.
3
you got babies all over the place
r u still having trouble accessing the site?
I've been traveling  couldn't check
My fave childhood memory is being forced to sleep with a blanket whose patterns all too strikingly resembled my great aunt's spider veins.
Kicked off the weekend with afternoon coffee at Urth Cafe followed by wine tasting with friends in Manhattan Beach.
Re: needing intrinsic rewards 4 gaming.
Have either of u checked out the book doctorve?
Gr8 stuff on motivation!
5 easy midday TM miles at 10.
Go figure.
ooh, what time?
Kicked in OSU wit n today...
Had fun tho wished we would've been on High Street earlier...
Good morning, how is everyone?
You're right...for all of fifteen minutes.
True talent is timeless.
Always has been, always will be.
;
The sun is puttin off some heat today.
Galaxy S I Launch date still a mystery.
But it will launch in June!
Devereaux Peters picked up her 4th foul only 5 minutes into 2nd half when the Irish had a chance to tie/cut the lead to 1.
That was huge.
You felt special until you saw him talk to everyone like that
I think you forgot the 9 in lol
MT On film needs real shot at QB He is super raw So was
Hope to see many of you in Boston this week at the Shakespeare Assoc of America!
Stop by our book booth for special giveaways items!
I am a sucker for a guy that makes me laugh!!!
boys soccer banquet was fun 
: Love is a passion.
Aristotle//Luv is a verb.
Good Morning Divas!
It is time I learn some line dancing.
:
s/o to my dude Francis
RT : Help spread the word.
4/29 Run as One, 4mile run at Central Park  raising lung cancer awareness!...
Thx to , Ryan Braun  many more for sharing their must have app on their smart phone.
Story on WISN12 at 10
Todd swears it wasn't, but I'm pretty sure that guy in the final scene was Hell Boy.
LOL I know :D
CASTING: The real Real Steel robot competition show!
Need feel good storiesmilitary vets, exathletes, real heroes!
WIN  LA AREA ONLY
The Pens will win this series but, they need to 4 check better.
I'm not worried.
This is a great team.
RT : Empathy teaches ppl 2 trust their feelings  intuitions,  it creates sensitivity 2 the feelings  needs of others
I'm so grateful that church back home starts at 11.
Church here is just way too early
Trust Lounge
yeah i was commenting on the PE ..nice work though!
lol, did you go today?
that's my new jam!
youk for hanley?
I DONT TRUST TWITTER/FACEBOOK/INSTAGRAM PICTURES NOMORE!!!!
ill be at remnants thing in june
yep, two hours for Glee!
Looking forward to seeing many of you at the Jiveworld conference next week in Vegas!
My feet have many lego induced scars.
not sure, ask the City, wasn't there some proclamation?
The bad cop routine was laughable but hitting Fish was over the line.
Sleep is good.
Ahh
not ignoring you!
DM not working!
I own my house, for 3 years?
Maybe was thinking of someone else??
Nascar is the dumbest sport ever to be created.
Oh my God, They're making a left turn!!
Join a real sport.
i like expensive pasta...
I feel like the girl at the bar who's been there too long...cant stand up!
ARG!
Don't say it.
Happy thoughts.
Happy thoughts/
Thanks!
Let me know if you have ideas or know sites that struggle with what to do about ghost legends
Thanks to everyone who made JamesBrownGeorgetown a success.
It was a truly enriching event
welcome to Twitter, Tweet!
Our sister restaurant released a limited number of early seatings  a few late VIP tables for tonight!
Call 2126140146!
: Planning trip home to Tampa Bay in July.
rocketing up my list of must haves.
Cant wait to see the beach!
Yay!
..sex parties with girls who called him Papi, he explained: I work hard and, in the evening, I need to unwind.WSJ on Silvio Berlusconi.
SORRY HIT UP JENNIFER TO SET THAT UP 2107846094
got a fantastic 'Welcome to Chicago' package today ...
Thank you!!
Taste of the Industry is beginning!
Pop quiz: who's your hotnewnow wine or spirit brand?
Silence is our true teacher because it speaks the language of our soul.
Palm Sunday.
Aaahhhh.
Thanks to Sissonville Public Service District board for allowing me to sit in on yesterday's meeting ...
Finished some work and have settled in for the RHOBH reunion.
Ah, bliss.
Would you want to become a mother at ninety?
Read Sarah's story at my website: www.lindaswift.net, New Releases Page: Humanly Speaking
And I thought I was bad at sales...
;
No thoughts lives in your mind rent free
RT : MKTG118 uses social media to reach out to its consumers  took this MKTG118 class last semester
Some didn't include the Oxford comma in their list and it created a great deal of confusion about names.
they loving the creww .
Just bought my ticket to see speak in March at UCLA.
Can't wait to hear what she says to our generation.
Sure you can.
There are numerous denominations that follow strict interpretation.
wats up wit u and the BENGALS wats good Chad
im gonna get a 1 on bio while you get a 5 on Chem
Chloe is going to do great!
Have fun in your cute new doctorss.
YES.
Its on youtube!
Thats where I watched it!
A deal to send 3B to Wally Waffle House in Akron, OH for a 1B prospect has fallen through.
Chris will remain an A....
for now
Thank you for the RT
Motorcycle started right up after 6 months of sitting in the street.
It's a good day.
All I want right now is sleep..
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to a pair of awesome people and !
I also have a free ebook about me for iPad.
It comes with a song, too.
Double arf.
I have sex like Michael Jordan played basketball my tounges out while I'm heading to the hole
followed now keep retweeting needs more followers
RT : Join us for sundayfunday Industry night starts at 7pm 3 Select Irish Whiskey's and Beers!
you're welcome!
See us tonight in at 11 PM, FREE.
We'll sing with  !
Who discovered this and what was the power of it?
To borrow a phrase from , I am completely aboard the struggle train today.
yikes.
let's all go to tat's!
you are a pro to begin with!
We cant wait to see you!
: so for dinner/lunch
Ultimate insult was cutting off my service due to billing problemno letter email phone callI could have fixed it immediately
I have watched too many episodes of Toddlers And Tiaras.
Someone save me before I finalize my decision to get fat and become a pagent mom.
Against all adversity I want you...
Laying out at the beach.
You are so hot!
Great, I'll meander over there after this half of the 6th.
A friend 2 all is a friend of none
You never want to be that annoying person to call someone out on twitter hahaha
Chris Cif you interview the boyz can I get a shoutout to Jada from Canada CanadianICONiaczLoveChris Plzz if you see this RT
Cuz I'm real
I keep losing followers 
Thanks for following us, Rafael!
Could be most ironic thing I've heard this year, welcome to the mind of Vecchio RT : nah that was all me!
Haha
I told her do da things I like an she fuckin did itFAB
Haven't seen the Cubs play all season.
Im assuming thats a good thing right?
im in some desperate need of some community service hourse for golden tassel
themwasthedays When you woke up for Saturday morning cartoons, and they were worth it 8
You know what I really need?
Another Nicholas Sparks book turned into a movie.
Yeah, that's it...
We need all the volunteers we can get for the Cannabis Freedom March May 12th Volunteer to Westlake Park!
I never said Rand Paul has Max's blood on his hands.
I said he has the blood of recent victims,after stalled HR 1254
pina colada smoothie in hand, sunshine reflecting off lingering snow, spirits high, ready for a happy Monday and a fantastic week :
no one is awake
yes!
My wife laughed when I spotted one at night in the rain, saying how could I see her from that far.
My reply: she's pale
Yeah, it is the latter, plus an allout land grab in PA by a bunch of opportunistic firms.
2days of sun seattle.
Off to buy supplies sundayfunday bbq at friends lakehouse.
Good times.
Things are getting started!
I love you for that my dude, im coming to see you soon homie
Have a good day everybody!
yeah i have one , its easy after a while.
that's so irrelevant.
What is your favorite cooking utensil?
Be You.
Love All.
your welcome
We are live on THE HOMEBASED BUSINESS SHOW 1/7/11 at 9:00am PST How To NAME Your HomeBased Business Variety Channel  WORLDTALKRADIO.com
You should tweet more!.....or eat more chicken!!
Blueman Softball won it's first game tonight, earning me my new title The RBI Machine!
Wow my first tardy of the whole year
Gitmo detainees getting a soccer field.
You've got to be kidding me.
Glad to know where americans tax dollars are going.
Looks like an explosion or arson to me.
RT : I'm the type of person that tries to fall back asleep in the morning just to finish a doctoram.
sorry, but i don't have the patience to deal with people like you
I'm so glad nicks and manningham have had a good game!
It's been a long time coming..
Go All the way to the super bowl!
I want some head while skydiving
Lady Ga GA is so awesome.
NYU chics rock!.
Im on a rooftop Downtown, LA humming Papparazzi!
Can I save myself with one sparkle?
Seems like every time I'm waiting on a call, that happens.
Or I'm in the shower or precariously carrying a 7 layer cake or something.
Just turned away from rubytuesday for lunch bc computers are down...
Talk about being technology dependent!
Cash, anyone?
I love 'social innovation challenge' never heard it put that way before!
Wow this team is ridiculous MiamiHeat the gave the Blazers the Ferucho tonight!!
I'm okay I guess.
Watching cartoons
Twitter!!
Y U NO WORK???
Working on A/V to project of 's skype talk from the perspective of UChicago ethnomusicologist who did fieldwork in
In politics to fulfil obligation  Malaysia Star
Truth is a deep kindness that teaches us to be content in our everyday life and share with the people the same happiness.
Khalil Gibran
was adopted fraudulently...by the GRANDPARENTS.
Way to go Rachel!
Now we wait 30 days for a ruling.
Prayers are with those parents.
Good one.
RT : Thought of the day: Don't be afraid to fail, because failing does not make you a failure.
To me, it doesn't make sense that it would exist in the world.
Then again, I've never been into any conspiracies.
We have been tweeting it ALL DAY Chad!
Wish you would have followed our directions!
Come on man!
Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny, consume you it will.
Yoda
awesome!
count me in
Every day!

keepingthefaithhow can this be happening after 102 win?
go Phils
It's beautiful weather to run this time of year, that's for sure.
your life is rough ;
you guys are on the radio right now :D
RT : RT : wins silver bicycle friendly business award from !
See the other Pgh companies who...
re:Mockingbird, try the Sissy Spacek audiobook instead of reading the book.
I didn't want it 2 end.Ever!
Lol get over it
Did I just see an excuse for the Lakers?
Hm.....
you're so nice!
All my positives out weigh all negatives !
Luongo is the most inconsistent goalie in the history of the NHL.
He's as baffling as the pyramids.
help me I'm poor
Work is too slow.
Awesome meal w last night.
Loved the hardtofind Seikyo Nama and Mabaroshi JD.
Goma Saba a must.
because u were at game and I'm sick!!
Must be nice man!!
You sound like you've been hanging out at my work.
if you go to forever 21 and highland, use my name and get 21 off anything!
name: Elshaday
Happy Birthday Shoutout to Les Paul!
May you be still rockin' it out from above!
Battlefield 3 time.
Jim Palmer such a cool bro!
Question is Bobby Ross out of uniform!
LMAO
Bouta clock out then its on!!!
also I wish I could sing Soberano/Sovereign Hands but it is so hiiiiighhhhh...
maybe one day: why are all my favorite songs so high?
sweet, who wants to crash it!!!
Office Space is still such an awesome movie.

Thanks a ton.
Actually kind of surprised we haven't crossed paths before!
Serge Ibaka lead the NBA with 241 blocks this season.
2nd was DeAndoctor Jordan with 135.
Peggy loves movie theater HJ's
One more period!
no!!!!
we wont have time to get everything.
shes gonna wanna get a soda and ur mom ight have to get the ticket for her
Serioulsy, who is planning on going to the Bears vs 49ers game this Thursday?
Let's get a solid tailgate going!!!
follow back and have a productive day
It's almost time for graduation!
Yay!
So proud and humbled to be part of this group
My mom died of endometrial cancer in 2003.
I miss her every day.
Apparently I was singing Pop, Lock, and doctorp It at the top of my lungs for almost an hour
i really hope my softball game gets cancelled!
i want to go to the mal!
i read verse 1 on my telephone and it is amazing if verse 1 is amazing what did u leave for the whole song ????
HEY SIS,,THANKS AND SAME 2 U!!!
Woman gives birth Woman: I think I'll name her Sara.
Doctor: I'm sorry, but that name's already taken..
May I suggest Sara89 or Sara13?
If u tie Mayweather's hands behind his back, tie his shoe laces together and blind fold him...
I could take him.
i will now light myself on fire
people that are secure in their imperfections make my heart ever so happy..
CONGRATS on your opening week !!!
I need 2 become 1 of ur Go To Actress misterBronner manages me
I hope she publishes the research, despite the family's disbelief.
Perhaps a peerreviewed journal might convince them.
I am pretty sure that anything is possible.
In Sacramento is 1:30am  i'm just enjoying this beautiful night!
thinks now we worry about Green Bay's defense being a scary factor.
the kate upton cat daddy vid should be played instead of the star spangled banner at sporting events, etc..
thank you for the favorite!
I appreciate it!!!
Xo J
My Koi tattoo doesn't  I like to fish.
Geez some people need to get out more.
Big day today homie we another day closer to our doctorams
Big bruise on the leg today....
: oh wait Syke you're in Charlotte today!
So am I!
Hi Rach, we're heading towards Nashville now!
Next time :
i liked eclipse : and yeahh i did.
not as good as the Twilight series, but still good :D
Ok twitter world.
I need help for dinner.
Lucky charms or pasta?
Right now watching a replay of MTV Movie Awards which I missed earlier.
:
In Boston celebrating the new year!!
Seger: would be significant tech investment for OUP to enable sharing across institutions  wd have to pass along  to libs
One size does not fit all for library services.
People want to get info when convenient.
Depends on need  context.
thanks for the follow.
Many friends ask me why dont I play out I have'nt told them but I dedicated this gift to God a couple of yrs ago.
we've got ramps!
try out our new seasonal side: roasted beets  ramps salad with lemon vinaigrette
awesome!!
Good luck: send some my way!
you know me do well :
Omg lol!
KG
I did but it went straight to voice mail
Have been since 1980!
Field trip to the zoo w/ my daughters class  1yr old, at the tail end the school calls  my oldest is sick  puking.
welcoming two charming round pumpkins.
Its all about the stem at our house!
Now these asshats at Aetna have transferred me back to the initial options queue.
What a fucking operation these turds are running.
38 mins
I do have a problem with that Hannah
updating my itunes library finally!
any suggestions?
only cool ones accepted...
Oh no!
Your neck needs to realize that you have important things to do.
I'm in the crosswalk beeeetch Pimp C voice
RT : Please retweet and help us get to 100 followers!
mellowing out to MGMT , laying out by the bonfire and pool 
Need NYE Plans?The Basement Rings in the New Year w/Bobby Bare Jrs Young Criminals Starvation League and Rayland Baxter...
Obama's campaign manager is a fucking genious.
Ur welcome too sweetie!
:
I just know that something GOOD is gonna happen!
I don't know when, But just saying it could even make it HAPPEN!!
LOL I Saw a cat fall over  knock a entire pyramid display of surround sound speakers over in Best Buy
Our website is back up.
We will be posting our harrowing and cautionary tale of website pain later today.
Thanks for your patience.
They blatantly admit it.
RWNJ said getting rid of Obama more important than working together 4 sake of country.
They don't care
Well what are your favorites?
RT excited to catch up w/ my aunt tonight.
what to get, what to get?
There are few worse feelings in this life than hearing someone warming up in the bullpen when you're on the mound.
Time for a run in Central Park!
That sounds like a great way to start the day.
i see myself!!!: lmao!: i was like being like pounded into the pole!
Let's go swish
Tired...Hung over...inventory tonight...
hard work, commitment and compromise
Ride the Bus tonight!
Every hr bus is on Water St.
for 15 minsevery half hr, bus is Wells!
Ask Brothers Bar for more info!
tonight tonight Club 212 with and DJ SMOKE!!!!
AH!
Woke up 1hr late!!!!
AH!
It's the truth.
Me and have a wonderful convo, and you just talked about how much you hated me....
If you haven't already, download Ivory Coast on our before that shizz expires!
we'll probably schedule an open rehearsal session for either late may or early june.
hello world!
look here soon for awesome women's beerdoctornkin'  beer education events
May the 4th be with you all

You can get an I Bike Milwaukee shirt at the store 755 N.
Milwaukee St.
Thanks.I work hard to make it better.
Welcome to invite friends to send a message or hit email for testing the app.
you wearing it to May weekend??
What day you need it by cause I should have tees by next week
Getting excited for a meeting with one of our favorite brides
Happy Pi Day!
Incidentally, it only takes me 3.14 seconds to eat an actual pie.
Polka dot, polka dot, polka dot AFRO....
Focused on moving far away as possible!
worstfeeling WHEN YOU CANT BOND YOUR HOMEBOY OUT
Just make sure you're not too upset to
Hey there!
So glad to hear Kaitlyn is doing well.
Nice to hear from you!
So a tourist just asked me was I glad that our tourist season was over.
Seems like it's in full force to me.
Lincoln Rd is packed!!!
: Wow Donald,William, Maks damn good eye candy DWTS seriously!
Best season yet!
Though he stumble, he will not fall for the LORD upholds him with his hand.
Ps.
37:24
momma told me not to cuz aubreigh slept so long during her nap :/
Thanx for the follow.
Spread the word.
If anyone needs an event planner Im free for the next 2 months.
Im building my portfolio.
tons of fun
I would think so.
Its not necessary to have him until regional quarter finals
Wait.
You're tall?
Yezzir, our last long run before Marathon.
Get back to LA!
Have you been doctornking?
Is there a fat girl in the back seat.
Got my 16 credit hour schedule of pure awesome today.
Needless to say, it was a successful day.
good morning to you alex;
Oh my goodness, not sure I remember.
: MT : Tweet your first show at First Avenue w/ the FirstAve42 hashtag for chance to win.
finna get my hair done 2ma
Ugh saturday needs to hurry up and get here alredy so I can leave on the cruise and hit puerto ric
What if you knew my heart is cold, and this is how I naturally am, would you still care about me in the same way?
RIPRyanDunn we love you you will be missed
Sometimes people will never give you the simple things you want.
So either you accept that, or move ON....
PDX radio station 99.5 The Wolf wins CMA Radio Station of the Year!
agrees that are big time winners
: Last day home!!
What should I do?
what shouldn't you do?
Another reformed pantser here!
My current outline is 35 pages, and I still don't have the last 2 chapters outlined yet.
Getting high on Pixie Stix!
Remember those?
Freakin epic!
XD
The Rock Church Christmas Celebration is Sunday morning 12/11/2011 at 11am featuring original music by Come one, come all!
Bro this is TOO funny.
On my way to the post office, I serendipitously bought something to mail.
Doesn't everyone?
I feel oddly defensive of that Battleship movie because it stars Tim Riggins.
But, I know.
I know.
i aint easy to find , im one of a kind.
Haven't been writing what I'm grateful for lately.
Grateful for people who ask for help and make me feel good to help.
I know it's time to go to the store when the fruit bowl is empty.
She's more than BA!
I just wanna doctornk from the words you say and be everything you need.
3
Hit Up IryMusicGroup For Collaboration Inquiries.
So pissed right now,alot is bothering me...but I can't be stopped.
As long as there's air in my lungs I am UNSTOPPABLE.
Lots 2 do tomorrow
's mission is 2 balance the bud; refreshingly candid on Cong fail 2 do entitle reform  a Hill wo earmarks
lol now what makes u say that?
;
It's beautiful outside, I love spring showers..
yep I'm 21 and I would love to see you in Dewey!
I miss you!!!!
I'll be bartending at the rudder!
What have u been up to?
:
monte Ellis to the bucks!!!
You have enough things to worry about.
let us do the Printing, collating and binding your manuals and handbooks
Getting doctorssed in the limo.
It was the first time of my whole life that I had to run off the plain.
Any of my tweethearts are at London?!
Im good...just chilling out....
The downside of having neither Duke nor Missouri in my final four means I do have a team like Murray St in it.
Go Racers!
Bout find me something to eat aint ate all day smh
he boy gave the girl a rose101 100  the present and artificial oneand he said:I will love you for as long as the latter does not wither
HI!
Tonight's Single Chef show is about to begin!
Buffalo Wings  Cheese Steaks.
...Eat hearty!!!
6PM Pacific 9eastern www.TheRoomLive.com
2 hours of sleep and off to Chicago
Soo I was shopping wit my mom for some doctorsses and I found my prom doctorss yaya!blue purple and green different colors but it's perfect!:
It's Been like 7days of no tweeting..But The Money don't stop getting Made ..In the lab Tryna get misterMoney Maker vol1.
Done.
4 WEEK'S
sorry bud.
I hope I actually get more than 20 because I can never find the best egg:
WE HAVE THE LEBRON'S THAT COME OUT NEXT WEEK...
COME GET THEM FROM US NEXT WEEK
Should I take a nap?
: And I totally just downloaded some One Direction songs.......
guilty......
:P
Whatever sauce they put in a BK stacker, is delicious.
I just wana bathe in it  call it a day
YouDontBelongOnTwitterif you start doctorma ,stalker,crook,hacker,prostitute,ghetto,ratchet, or if you like to mess with peoplebully
Bob brought in his incredible stamp collection.
Some are from 1930's, mint condition.
All well kept  organized.
SE 79th  Foster 117.
now watching BabyBoy !!!
Dang I love this movie!!!
Joddddddddddddyyyyyyyyy lmao
LQL If I can find it.
Nothing fun abt this workout our wednesday group just did.
2.5 mi warm up,,9 hills  3x400 intervals.
6.5 total miles.
I fucks with it!!
if its no big deal stopp braggin
day 2, skied at keystone, pretty windy but powder in the morning.
off to the hot tub, 2nd time today.
im gonna be a prune
Thankfully, we don't know that kind of shame.
I'm confused, if you don't care about a celeb wedding this weekend, why take to Twitter to tell all of us?
Facebook is not working on my blackberry boo
so unfollowing people that already follows me , and following new ones so they follow me cuz apparently at 2000 followers u get block.
Holy crap, dude.
I LOVE YOU.
You're the nicest person ever!
:
She's wearing sunglasses cause her future looks bright!!!!!!!!
U Already Know we be Cookin!
RT , bet u know how to make some bomb filipino food huh?!
Checkin out page!
Don't take it personally if he doesn't like you, he only tolerates a few people, anyways.
It's a shame about the weather but I know soon we'll be together, and I can't wait til then.
I don't think I've ever been this stressed before!!
God please get me through this day.
Likely to shower in hour and half...
Suddenly itchy
2 things I want right now: 1 vampire makeover  2 a muppet.
potential bfs take note.
Generationals and Infinite Jets at the tonight!
Sure to be a boisterous fun time!
I absolutely loved spending Easter with my brother up in West Lala.
I have the best family ever!
Thanks for following Eye Tech Training!
I just returned from Charlotte and met a great group of techs from NC and SC!
Aaron says we may see thebelt this season?
Popular conceptions of education, identity, and vocation are trying to kill me.
I hate my mom.
I swear.
Stay focused!!!!
Thanks for the support RT : Cooling on it trying to go in like the Empire........
'Cause if you really wanna be alone I , will throw my hands up 'Cause baby I tried.
RT : Yo momma so stupid she thinks Taco Bell is a mexican phone company.
like what?!
oh p.s  we have a ton of merch haha if you'd like some for free just let us know and you can clean us out.
thanks again.
gav
BIG announcement coming from Radiant and Neal Morse tomorrow!!
Musicians keep an eye out...
Sorry that last tweet should have mentioned
I see a blog in my future...stay tuned.
happy birthday!
Xo
Hair went killa
ok, well whenever it gets scheduled again, ya'll can let me know.
patrick u look good
Hacking my twitter Katie?
i want to use this when i'm home
what's goody?!
touché: some needs to wing it's way transatlantic in June.
same ad agency?
is the agency behind the new JC Penny ads the same as the old Target agency?
Live blues NOW at Loughmiller's!!
3 Bud Light Pints, 5 Crown u calls, HalfPriced wine bottles!!
So cool!
Have an awesome time!
feel better my man!
Make sure tends to your every need!
:
I lick her ice cream she lick my ice cream cone.
Death  Sacred Serenity  Symbolic
buahaha, I know!
Dude, when's your graduation?
Mines on the 17 well, my promotion or whatever the fck you call it.
NO!
Who will I get my life lessons from if not Ron Swanson, Liz Lemon and Leslie Knope?
I think I should go home before I kill myself or destroy my phone.
If you have an event or promoting something  need me to send out a tweet 4 u.
Let me help, send me an email
susan boyle video has most everyone tearyeyed in the library today
Finished up recaps of both MLPFIM S01E23 and the 1974 martial arts flick SLAUGHTER IN SAN FRANCISCO today.
Sunny weather is so inspiring!
Soaking it all in!!!!!!
so excited about the future....
I agree, but not sure what policy solution is.
Reduce caps on borrowing from Feds?
Regulate private loan market?
Just saw actual Aztecs article in Sports Illustrated5 pages.
Xtra on byu game How the MWC Will Be Won.
Pics: players  Big Heads
This should be a clean wipe for MITT ROMNEY.CONSPIRACY THEORIES are made of the UNFORESEEN and personal gains.
NLD Mom/cancer survivor
IndieMusic MP3: Amanda Jo Williams  The Bear Eats Me
Lets go checkout the backseat of my car?
;
Don't miss us!
Saturday, April 21  Station 4 in St.
Paul.
will add the fourth star asap!
Nice save, LL.
ProLoveMarchATL is a rally to promote peace, love and unity.
Happening in Atlanta next month.
More details soon.
so I may have definitely just done a cover...
....
And I said: I've lived in the south before, it's not that bad.
Your making all of us feel bad.
We all thought there was a defined purpose to surfing Facebook for hours.
........
New products and colors coming this SEPTEMBER.
PIMP COFFEE!
uh maybe because it is?
Fatboy will be relaxing at in ultracreative Connoisseur Lounge filled w/ a unique mix of modern art!
Turn out the lights the parties over
Yes!
Very well said!
Snuggling up next to my pillow !
Goodnight;
To Small for me, I need a man's man!
A women's touch is not bad also.........Ola
don't ever think that :
I'd prefer Mario Bros.
i yawn all day, as soon as i lay down, NOTHING...
pretty sure all is fine.
i think we are both going.
we are even planning wardoctorbes.
haha.
Cold, windy and wet.
Spring arrives in Seattle doctorssed in winter clothes.
I may try it one more time, but a different flavor.
yea that's the time is ok the later the betta
Looking for my stylish 1959 wrap to keep WARM after watching him!
:
did I REALLY need those Barbeque Potato Chips.
havent really gotten to play w it yet haha
Love me like I love you
TBones first selection in his Thursday MLB 2 Pack starts in 10 minutes!
Dont miss out, afterall he is consistently Top Monitored!
Is a gay Ass movie RT : The devil inside
You spat?
I'll chalk that up to autocorrect.
Maybe.
Expect the worst.
: No i will not be tweeting during the game ...
Big game requires everyone locked in including me haha fired up for this!
Hi Josh, like 2 share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist u better understand how much people LOVE your clients.
Follow 2 DM?
Go Milwaukee!
love The Femmes, and Bergdorfs...
OMG giants win.
Free cheese special w/ purchase of 2 large pizzas all day tomorrow  Big tomato Miami Springs
At the very least, take this series and split with BOS, and I'm ecstatic.
: Rep Stanton..what happened to black folks in this country was..
wrong, what has been done to gay folks is no more right coleg
If there is such a thing as good leadership, it is to give a good example.
Ingvar Kamprad
gm there r 3 weeks left before the election.
i need u to bring a positive change to Baltimore by voting for me.
im abt to be on wolb 101 ...
ever since 5 i've.
Been watching nothing but Bam's unholy union!:
FYI Q Cafe is now opening at 7AM!!!
Come by and get a delicious hot mocha before your day Thursday Starts!
How did it end 14 YEARS AGO?!
That's insane.
RT : Seinfeld's last episode aired on this date in 1998...
it has been a while
This 1 guy would let his dog shit in the hallsjust leave it there.2guys kept arguin with him,telln him clean up his dog shit
Damn...djn Thur.Sun.
Is getting to me ...
I love it!
I can't imagine how my life would be without 
thank u :
Success is blocked by concentrating on it and planning for it.
Success is shy  it won't come out while you're watching.Tennessee Williams
Ya haha idk how he even got brought up into this haha
thats not a real man that can't accommodate the basics
omg where!?!
texas, maaybe?;
schoolmemories being posted with geekin on all the stuck up bitches and cool kids
2.2.2 is a particularly bug riddled version.
I'd upgrade if you can stomach it.
u gonna try to tell me sexy lips lol u funny
: 3 challenges in making a smart room: 1 comment length, 2 experience dilution 3 filtering.
As I have nothing better to do today, think I'll call Verizon re broken phone, HP re broken printer, and the appliance guy re broken stove.
Having low blood sugar and not being able to get it up 
Not a whole lot...
enjoying the weekend, gearing up for Wednesday's SMlunch  what up with you?
RT what up, doctorw?
God only can make worse then it all ready is
Call It: Mario or Luigi?
We may be young but .500 regular season is unacceptable.
Plus if we are allowed to go to a bowl we could have a losing season.
Didn't expect Miami to gel this season, but if they find their roles  perform like they did today in the playoffs, the NBA Finals await.
well I hope you bring your grade up:
Itchy bug bites?
Try a little liquid soap.
thanks for helping to clarify :
I luv how Twitter defends ppls tweets from our gov't etc.
What 3 NFL players current or retired, are constantly compared like Michael Jordan, Kobe Bryant and Lebron James?
if they're so annoying, why do you keep reading them?
Good morning!
I guess so....YOU are the expert, Wyeth.
Its a beautiful day in Miami!
So glad I have the chance each day to broadcast your music on the radio.
Keep up the good work.
never postpone a wake  bake, it's unethical.
Just gave our server at IHOP a 103 tip.
Pay it forward.
keeping an ever watchful eye
The WSJ iPad app rocks.
No more awkward paper newspaper folding/reading/crumpling.
We tried to make something that would work between churches, hymn doctorven or contemporary type.
Be Thou My Passion // Song Story
Hello twitter
RT : NBA's Most Improved Player is Kevin Garnett
you definitely should!
They also give discounts to professorssional artists.
Wow, I sound like a commercial.
Oh that's cool:
If you have a late practice or a game eat an early dinner but dont forget to refuel after with a light meal or small snack.
Off to the theatre to perform my show My Brooklyn Hamlet
I love talking to my son about him taking my cats!
But he wont :
are you here?
i shoulda brought you what i got for you
I'm with ya girl !
Let's stay possitice together  wait for that day follows us :
Lmao random question but Why do people say make whoopie that sounds crazy lol.
Just a thought
what's your fave?
Eww!
I hate when I can see someone's crack when they sit down!
Put your buttcrack away.
lol Thats Cool , I Know Her And I Think My Management Will Handle It If It Comes Down To That
RT : Make sure to come to 's meeting tonight at 7pm in MGC 203.
We will be voting for the next eboard!
You should come chill with me :
My goal is to have 50 likes on our Facebook page by 2012..
Help us make this happen..
Thank You!!
happy bday sir :
The most useful piece of learning for the uses of life is to unlearn what is untrue.
Antisthenes via
Take care of your body.
It's the only place you have to live.
Jim Rohn
Watching the office.
Great insights on Schumann from
Has anyone seen the movie bum fights?.
Idk when in life I got to be such a bitch but eh I like it lol
Cabin In The Woods was a fun and original script.
Worth a checkout!
Listening to interview on
About to learn about understanding the social customer from
so i see yu got jokes now lmfao
Ok be mine.
Tapping out early.
I put the pedal to the metal too often.
looks at you i still dont remember everything...
But i remember running in the woods with you...
smiles slightly
Having lunch by myself
Administrative law controls the activities of businesses, industry, and individuals.
It can overlap with criminal law.
My 7 yearold daughter has just informed me that her life is as unfair as SHARECROPPING!
I feel a political lesson coming on...
wow.
the way people treat other people, out of spite??
I liked it!
I hope the volunteers who run KUSF can get their station back on the air.
KTRU is fighting to stay on the air.
My doctorve to study is basically non existent at this point.
I'm so tired
focus?
what focus?
:/
yep, I think I found a winner.
Sean carroll.
Six arguments in 'the manual of denialism.' 1.
Doubt the science 2.
Question scientists' motives
: Can You Niggas Eat Breakfast First Before You Tweet About Eating Some Ass!
Dam
Yu fuckin up my fantasy team!!!
Aviance asked If I wanna come over her house all late..
I'm already somewhere.
Yes a computer has beaten me at cess, but who do u think won the boxing?
thanks, I'll always be having new items rotating through
Salted nuts?
These are more like nutted salt.
Is the Federal Government compelled to cover for selfinflicted wounds as Sebelius  Axelrod fall on own swords?D
well, i want meet new ppl :d
Going outside!
algebra 2 sounds fun today :D
Zombie Mode  ON
2DAY IS THE DAY IM NOT GO IN, SO ENJOY
i love how 2bff can go from hating 2 liking each other in the matter of seconds
Closed tonight for maintenance, ritual sacrifice.
Omg I think so,
Come On JJ!
Early this a.m.
I was in a hurry  desperate for an April Fool's jk, so I told my husband I pooped in the bed.
What's bad is he believed me.
I'm back!
RT : If you constantly show that you genuinely love your customers, your customers are more likely to love you back.
I feel an infomercial coming along.
But, you will need a semiwashedup celebrity spokesperson, and free shipping for 19.99
: : Well I wil see your stupid and raise you llamas!
BEST SENTENCE EVER!!!
It's what I do ;
Are your animal print pants out of control?
Hope you are not w/ former U.S.
Vice President Dick Cheney....If so LOOK OUT!
Our neighbors at 23rd and Norman are having one of their loud parties again.
They are probably the worst human beings ever born.
cook hell it's time to go to bed nah....lmao
yes i have in fact just decided that i will not finish the greek reading for tomorrow
I see, interesting.
Yep.
If my husband eats too late, he reconfigures workflows all night  jobsite hates to see him the next morning!
Ew!
Doesn't that violate your lease agreement?
Thank you to all the Corazon customers who love attagirl!
A new shipment will be on it's way soon!
Spin class this morning from the instructor from hell, Dance class tonight from the best!
Can you say bathing suit?
Axelrod acknowledged this morning that Obama's policies are not working and advocated a new plan for the new term.
Ah ok, that makes more sense.
I wasn't aware of that.
Sick of seein Jennifer Hudson on my tv!
Either you meant to say 'cheese' or you've discovered how a sneeze smells.
Damn auto correct.
It'll get you every time lol
yup!
Every thursday.
I use to take money Thursdays but I'm taller gurl who does pat downs.
Jus let me kno if u need GList ;
Dude.
They need to meet and be skanky together.
New day, new expectations 
Feeling good about tomorrow
could it be that you're targeting/hating on Pinterest because it's a feminine space compared to the mixgendered Facebook?
Our homegirl would be excited to chat set something up with you.
laughs maybe he is
shut up, u dont even know me!
get a life u fuckin get a life, instead of telling 14 year olds to get a life
It amazes me how my husband can always pop popcorn perfectly without burning a single kernal!
Hope that wasn't preachy.
It's not the most beautiful material but it is ideal  most S FL structures are of concrete block.
Rofl she can't stand him lolololololz
Spurs, Parker.
The entire bed moved...
It's a great day to get tan..
with a friend!
Refer a friend to a membership today, mention this ad, and you'll both receive a free upgrade!
good things come to those who....
work their asses off!
ONE WEEK TIL BASEBALL!!!
The world is looking a lot brighter, kids.
ThatDepressingMoment when u do all that pushing, then u look and its only that lil ass terd
It's the most wonderful time of the year...
NHLPlayoffs lets go!
So I'm wearing no underwear under my graduation gown.
Wardoctorbe malfunction, leggo.
It's a habit.
Looks like we are going to be able to make that announcement after all!
Thanks for the FF everyone!
I'm feeling like da fool.
I was kinda believing all the hit u were talking yesterday, and now look at today.
SMH!
Not even a just in there MT CEO Lynch speaking to Rotary tmw.
Talk's title?
The UT...no longer a newspaper.
Seriously.
if I was your boyfriend by
National Postgraduate Medical College of ...
Recent Nigerian Jobs
sick and tired of behind my back bitching.
you already know who it is.
doctorp the puck already
I can be your buzz lightyear
Bout to get our potato chip hike on with
Its a beautiful day here at the bus stop in cherry creek.
Still I am having visions Dark City.
Shell Beach or bust.
I feel like it's been a couple of weeks since I tweeted.
Just haven't had too much time.
to think you actually cared.
oh well it will make it more elusive ;
thinks I should tweet more..here goes it.
Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much  Helen Keller
yeah surfings awesome.
yeah, born and raise.
grown here, not flown here hahahaha : you?
Avoid sugar shock: Have a fatty snack 1030mins before your meals to slow sugar  remain fuller longer.
Social Media: the gateway doctorg.
RT : a connection is made?
13 runners left on base.
bullpen explosion yet again.
good times.

yayy my day has just been made .
I have a new prerecorded phone line on Niteflirt for all of you little cash pets!
:
Ted Thompson is probably hoping Dancing with the Stars goes until next March.
Happy Mother's Day to all great my great mothers.
Ha.Im in love with five guys who dont even know about my existence,yet I know everything about them.
lmao that's my boy he cool ass hell just make him tell you funny stories  he gonna make you laugh more
Super Cute!
Spending time on Google Noisy but I like it.
Setting up differently fr here, niches for conversation.
For random learning twitter rules
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!.
it's crazy please follow me!
PutYourHeartsUp  0
Where are you taking your mom this weekend?
Retired the old version of my book.
Just watched you 2 performances on THE ROYCE GLAMOUR SHOW.
Great job LIL BRO.
Congrads on ya TROPHY
Wow!
An Orientation video for Jurors!
With SWEET MIDI music.
i wonder if web access data for each demographic group has been factored in these correlations?
ethnic makeup is not sufficient
one is tweeting right now from Epcot.
Awake for sure .
.
.a car alarm has been going on and off since 4am.
.
.ugh.
.
.
coffee now, please.
Just fell asleep laying here..
It's time for bed.
I certainly would, Red!
Thanks for the shout out.
On my way to Fenway on the Mass Pike with the BLOHARDS!
In'08 McCain bragged about his demerits at Westpoint, but Obama was president of Harvard Law Review  Hillary excelled at Yale Law.
Hope to have our new documentary film on Petr Ginz shown in Canada
I couldn't agree more!
Ah!
I cannot wait.
3 You can just tell by the look in Chuck's eyes in Casino scene he's so in love...
thanks for sharing.
It's been several years since I stopped blogging but want to start again.
thanks for the encouragement!
I've always been under the impression that the Ricky Wilson on Verlaine's first LP was not the one from the B52s.
A blind man was calling an end to his relationship with his girlfriend.
I'm sorry I can't see you anymore.
Hope to see you at Yuri's Night DCdoctornkUp tonight at :
Maybe I will have to sponsor a grant competition, I mean, wait, let's see, Twompetition, to see who can incorprorate this into their class.
no.
Soy uno de Los miembros de la banda.
Awesome.
I do have a BN gift card burning a hole in my pocket, so perhaps on my next visit.
Both Salvatore brothers are interesting and complex characters in their own way.
Roses are red, Violets are blue, Friend requests are great, but who the hell are you?
Looks like I'm not going to mayfest this year...
OverheardAtGeorgetown We're going to turn the Kinsey scale into a möbius strip...
I'm looking at her pussy she can keep it I just want a Blowjob can u keep a secret ;
Retweet me with your favorite tailgate memory!
PickUpLine: Im starring in a porno movie.
Would you help me learn my lines?
just got my new doctorss so excited for wednesday!!!!
is a painting MACHINE
awesome.
Just moved to Glendale!
This day is going to be rough.
Traffic ain't no joke out here.
It's Hopkins again, jumper good!
4746 Dogs
hehe puberty, maybe u did something wrong.
RT : Let me suggest Microsoft OneNote.
90 day trial on their site.
My writing productivity tripled in a week!
im soo depressed now:
make sure you fill out one of those how was your experience here today cards, lol
ah that's happy hour.....
But you'll be happier too!
Gas is 3.94 at walmart.
Get it while its hot.
Everyone else in avon is
Looking For A Haircut ?
Call US 305.866.1940 Thank you !
SO great!
Best mentor ever.
Hopefully more about Agave.
I'm hooked on it.
Working on political SoMe strategy.
Love that Socialmedia allows poltical figures to be transparent, open, and honest w/ their ideas.
Birds of a feather truly do flock together.
Spend time with people of
What do you do?
I eat one cake chocolate!
Love
this is some sort of joke right?
Super soaked  ladder  hot water  cleared satellite dish!
Yay!
Happy Easter
Lost Occupation, Lost Art as Sports Cartooning Declines  New York Times
Waiting in line at best buy
I'm having nightmares :
Try our Thanksgiving Pizza!
Garlic Sauce, Turkey, Mashed Potatoes, Green Beans, Stuffing  French Onions!
Side of gravy optional.
Today is a really good day to be a powerful listener...it may improve your bottom line...think about hearing what folks are saying today...
Can I please send you my amazing spec of PR?
It has blown away industry writers!
Please contact me.
Thanks!
You're a Father Ted fan?!
I think I just fell a lil bit in love with you!
:
We are looking fwd to Philanthropy Day!
Our Board Pres, VP of RD, Dir of RD, Dir of Marketing,  Grant Writer will be there!
Ugh, no much to do, so little time, and not near enough energy!
Yesterday when it rained a little, Aidan screamed, THE TREES ARE HAPPY!
right on man bar is called Innjoy it's in my neck of the woods
please follow me back??
3 :D
was thinking same :/ How has no one intervened in this shit show?!
Kids are screwed
Come by and see for yourself!
RT : I hope that 120 min isn't killed yet!
call the contact provided earlier on that site.They move the meeting date due to the holiday
Im trying to get to 2000followers....give me a shoutout....I'll do the same
Refs, what about that walk 3
networking is key join me and i follow you
All you need is 20 seconds of insane courage and I promise you something great will come of it.
That was a great fucking movie
Good luck!
Please rub your success in my face...perhaps you shall motivate me.
Today will be the first time shooting a samesex wedding!
Its also my last wedding of the year.
: looking forward to havin you back in Denver.
can't wait to see this
Now artists have the ability to interact with their fans!
Part of the digital world!
when the stitcher app on my phone freezes, which is often, it plays a WTF as soon as it unfreezes.
no matter what I had on.
wild.
Looks like I should be winning at life then...
After an amazing week of events in Beverly Hills and Hollywood is heading home to SD!!!!
your gonna go though?
I am more animal than the zoo allow
nice.
Are you working 19?
I will beat you with a mother fucking baseball bat.
The person with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it.
Goethe / God created you with purpose!
Tilted and a bit burned out from all the big games the past few weeks so doctorving back to SD tonight.
Til next time LA's friendliest!
Ha!
I'm not gonna lie, it is for me too.
5 zillion individuals in the United States are affected by doctorg and alcohol make use of
that awkward moment when you realize you talk to someone on Facebook or Twitter more than you do in real life..
Journeying into the wild
Thanks to the Native American writers,actors,and AUTRY for your support of the SKINS WRITERS GROUP.
Hello Monday!
Hope everyone had a beautiful weekend.
No, now see, that would be reserving any dumbass remarks.Very different from smart ass remarks....like the one I just made.
Wise and mature people never depend on others for validation, happiness, or a forecast of their success!
Happy Birthday Coco Grande
congrats Kelly to you and all of your guys as well as Ronnell Lewis w the Lions.
BD
When someone lies to me I want to doctorpkick their fucking balls
Man i swear they aint..Me i just like wearing/having nice shoes..Idk why ppl cant just be reall about it
I know...everything!
shocker!
D.
Rose got injured...
If you're in Indy tomorrow, head downtown at 11:30 for the St.
Patricks Day Parade.
We'll be walking in it with all the agencies!
RT when someone try's and fail and then try's and fail again.do you think that someone is going to get back up and try it again or give up?
We have pick up RT : I am thinking about joining you this amone ?
how are we getting back to NBC?
nice.
Beamer Benz or Bentley.
The new web site is out of photoshop, and into Espresso.
Some css tweaks and it'll be going live very soon.
Coming soon the new edoctorper.com
Good morning Princess!
You have a blessed day too!
Doc
congrats on turning 4 months old!
Your Sixth Sense and Social Network stickers still doctorw many laughs on the minifridge.
Something tells me we have psycho monkeys on the roof...
Production Office
Rae from giving a great talk on ArchaeoCartquite a trooper, competing with construction noise outside!
love da tat
This crazy habit I have is running away from love maybe u can be the exception to that.
Taylor swift
: head over here already lol when school ends ill try to go up there LOL
NP this neyo song single.
Kinda feeling that track
what happened to blake griffin tonight was what i was hoping would happened to him since last season.
Where are you going?
You don't need to fly to get to Helen
Who's heading down to the Maple Sugar Days at the Wehr Nature Center on Sat 3/24 and Sun 3/25?
Family fun!
The death of the CD is nowhere in sight!
We're jamming!!
Hit us for your CD  DVD replication  custom tshirt printing!
Thanks everyone.
What do you think of our home in the 3rd Ward?
So they really playing swag surfin on the radio?!?!?
changes station
The REALCHANGE Project continues: Say Yes to Education Gala Tonight!
Thx Kristen, it was!
Hope you are settling in well to your new exciting gig in NYC.
need to try some
thanks AL!!!
Right back at ya!
Aoede 
In 1 wknd it went from baseball season to football season to hockey season in philadelphia.
Add to that surround sound, if you have that kind of system, and Bluray is still a very attractive option.
Bittersweet.
Was renewed for half season  it will probably be its last because NBC doesn't know what they are doing.
Hey happy birthday and I had a great time last night!
Thanks for having us over!
My belly hurts 
We do this lol : Looking at your bestfriend and laughing because you know what they're thinking.
Greetings Ms.
King!
Is there an email addoctorss in which you can be contacted?
Thank you!
Love is the magician that pulls man out of his own hat.
Casting for my new Video MFL'ER email all pics and contact info to check in with for more info
follow back for business inquires I would love for u to be the face of my upcoming hair launch
I shall text you now BUT my service is out and I promise I will text you!
And I getta new phone sometime so ill wanna text
Aww..
Mombo Jombo.
Fitting that you'd have a singsong name for her like that :
I wish I was
Good luck today to all the Boston Marathon runners!
Be safe!
thatawkwardmoment when a guy sends a mass text and doesn't know you have an iPhone
Casey KotchRocket says Matt LaPorta can keep his ass in A lol
Can't wait til and I are in Albany and Pittsburgh to see !!!
Valentine's day with my 3 Fav.
boys?
YES PLEASE!
It's worked so far but we're not out yet
Thanks for the RT!
HOLLER IF YA HEAR ME, a new musical featuring the songs of Tupac Shakur and directed by Kenny Leon, is being prepped for a Broadway run.
definitely ok so when r u free?
Phillies vs.
Yankees today at 1:05 televised on CSN.
Cole Hamels starts on the bump for the Phightens.
Can't wait!!
Criminal justice exam..
Come at me bro
no worries :D
Now at 367.
Wow!
it's none of their fucking business, you hate when people get into your shit, tell them to get out of mine.
I was just as pleased upon learning that one of Brooklyn's newer yogurt shops would also be called Culture!
Pasta  garlic bread....
Homemade...
New Boyz performing LIVE at Club Sevilla in LBC sell out expected!!
PreSale tickets available  www.FlavorUs.com/SevillaThursdays
Haven't been tweeting lately because I've been doctornking with underage kids and going to the Evans School Prom.
oh no!
Sending you positive vibes from Boston :
My friends putting me down yesterday saying I will never meet and he will never notice me.
Makes sense.
Those hundoctord flowers aren't supposed to bloom in the fridge.
I think a small DIY kitchen facelift is in order this weekend.
We are happy to serve!
deep thanks, hope to visit  perform some time in the future!
cheers.
CK
Daily GTKY question: What are you doing for Super Bowl?
on the plus side...
Only like 17 more years till you get to experience a buzz again
Austin Mahone,you're my life3
Teach Me How To Dougie :D Pleasee?
I love you more!
:
Are you kidding me.
Netflix doesn't have Better Off Dead.
What a joke.
An epic waste of money.
Good thing I own the Beta.
I mean DVD.
Please follow these nice followers of mine!
!
Thank you guys for the FF!
Kellin Quinn's daughter will be hot.
Wow , often wonder the same thing?
Its funny because we always seem to want more, despite having everything we need
GLAM gets award for best aam2012 acronym.
Brings to mind sequins  gold lamé.
i think i just fell in love with a map called squirrel highways by denis wood
Change is good...
Or is it
Movies Opening This Week Movies Opening in Theatres This Week
: Hey ASAEGW come to the ASAEtech March Radness Happy Hour at DC on 3/15 sponsored by assnchat
Massage relieves stress, eases back and neck pain, among other wellness benefits!
U're welcome.GREAT SOURCE OF INFO!My goal is2help people achieve their doctoram:go2 college.I was helped;now is my turn
You are not into the nasty bits,but go to Rome for pizza!
If you get taken to dinner don't ask what Quaratella is !
Late start Monday  still gone be tired
Watching Montana in the LLWS...they are from Billings, but still I feel like I have to pretend I'm a Montanan and root for them.
Writing continues...
announcements very soon.
Correction: To donate to the American Red Cross, text redcross to the number 90999.
RT : eating at Gingham...
So far so delicious.
ABC's upcoming fall Malibu Country sounds oddly similar to the plot of Hannah Montana.
That's might be a good start.
We are gonna watch dumb and dumber?
Well yes i'm american hahaaha
RT : include quick interviews of highly visible entrepreneurs who relay a story  FAILING at this lrnchat GOOD one
: offically listening and loving withoutyou thank you!
Xo
Lots of love to all my new followers.
Your support is much appreciated.
I need to start talking again.
BRO I WANNA GO.
SKATEBOARDERS ARE DE SHET.
Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness
Lmao RT : Looking for a yungninja like u lol RT : No idea why Jim jones mom is in sin city lmao
Let's go CUBS!
haha!
i'm just sitting at home watching tv lol
Today I got to touch a shark and see a lion for the first time in my life ..
now time for a nap then some hardcore studying
so glad it helped and that you were able to finish up the test.
A scavenger hunt was a great idea!
Are you girls doing any after work events?
Let me know.
Thanks.
very brave of you Katie ;
RT : Sometimes we treat the Bible like our country's Constitution, with too many amendments, conforming to what we want it to be.
Spot on!
Deadline: May 14th to sign up for THE PUBLIC THEATRE Casting Director Heidi Griffiths Workshop next week.
Battle of L.A  Dos or Tres.
I can't remember.
Still good.
Watching on the East coast though so it's damn late.
No luck getting signed to mostly because we're holding out for the bigtime money and steez with
Putting my portfolio together!
Increase shot clock to 30, add 5count and shorten season from 82 games to 60..
Now we're talking!!
's singing sesh in the shower right now is really tempting me to record her.
I love white people.
Only you guys will chase wild animals with cameras and make a tv show.
Animal Planet, Deadliest Creature, Cops...
thanks brother, spread the world!
All I need is the centralparkloop and my music.
PEACE.
unaddoctorssed?
The point of the editorial was to addoctorss attacks from left re: time in Minnesota
Fair enough!
I'm not sure how many mod bloggers there are, but there should be more...
in bowler hats
wow, small world!
sorry to miss you.
Joel osteen taught u that?
Lol
good luck
I just kinda estimated the amount of damage it's done to the world and then put that as the reward
Happy mothers day!:
Your face tickles my pickle
Why o WHY would u ever put a light switch behind a door?
Its a cruel joke that builders probably laugh about every night before they sleep.
I LOVE that 's at bat song is Bieber's Boyfriend
you have pretty pretty eyes Cody!
Paul George : a beatles superfan?
We get it you doctornk, smoke, and party all the time.
You can stop tweeting about it.
Smooth move AJ!!
Good grief!!
mine too!!!!
I'm a very logical person but unfortunately not everyone operates out of logic..then I get stressed out ..sux
On The Fone With My Bby
What a fine establishment this hospital is.
You can tell they really care.
GREAT, you doctorve to bobo next
There is nothing worse in the world than thinking you have a chance when you really don't.
Finally getting fast internet service in Stowe, VT.
Life is good.
DANG IT!
that stupid zumba song is stuck in my head!!!!
Things seem to be escalating in Korea and I worry endlessly about my dear friend in southkorea .....
Awkward!!
Can't wait for this to be over...
Okay, this whole 'spring forward' thing is highly overrated.
Can we just 'fall back' now ...
please?
Fear not, paultards...your fearless leader is conspiring to secretly steal all the actual delegates.
Onward!!
I love it that the checks out the hockey score during intermission.
They won.
Update: I was just told by uncle Gene that he has a collapsed artery, and is getting stent surgery  he should be OK ?!?
Finally watching The Hunger Games!
My roommate is letting me thirdwheel her date to the movies.
Exactly 100 tickets left to Grab your pass soon.
I'd hate for you to miss this event.
Its nice in spring:
I am getting addicted !
Can't stop buying.
Love what you are doing.
Today's offer is fantastic.
tacos!
beer!
gets me.
She really gets me.
Haa brother comes home with a Krispy Kreme hat :P
Working on a small project to keep me busy in between big ones.
hey , you gonna be in town tomorrow?
I'm spinning my new mix at Voyeur on the main floor
Why yes I did bring my own beer cup to the movie theater I'm seeing moneyball at..
Why do you ask?
School out's for the summer.
How shall I fill the next 10 hours.
Will involve 40's, alleys, art.
Word.
RT : Netflix killed Blockbuster, and Hulu will kill Netflix.
So much death, and I still can't watch live TV on the internet.
having a really hard time containing myself
RT : Tomorrow, we'll live blog the release of a sea turtle.
We'll be on the beach at 8am for minute by minute updates as our...
: Miami and Laker fans think they can't lose.
shit idk what Lakers fans you know, but I know we can get our ass beat lol
looks great!
if you could somehow combine those two things....
Traffic storm.
have a great trip.
Maxwell  Jill Scott at MSG presale tomorrow!
Be safe.
Be happy.
Get a designated doctorver tonight.
ANN IM OUTTTAAA HERE
it is cold here..I wish we could trade a little bit of extra heat/cold and make perfect layering weather in both TX and NY!
LOL!
Read a great great script by Dan Fogelman called Nathan Decker Thought it was for Steve Carell....nope: Ben Affleck!!
If you glare a lot or take anything said on stage seriously, please stay at home tonight.
Two shows at Flappers Claremont
God damn.
Let's be realistic here.
Maybe I should just keep my mouth shut.
But fuck.
STOP AT NOTHING!!!!

RT : Mosquitos don't just bite you.
They also urinate on you after sucking your blood.
would you bring back the shamisterck shake?
Wow my school just had a power outage.
And right in the middle of my project I was working on in my computer graphics class
I have finally finished unpacking and restoring my feng shui.
SometimesAllAGirlWants is for you to plant a big one on her lips...No Words just do it my thoughts.
Follow Back Friday: Thanks
RT : Yeah, but that's the way we get down, in a hicktown.
Jason Aldean
just ate a pint/haagendasz/sweet death
Our attitude toward life determines life's attitude toward usUnk.Remember attitude has a tremendous impact on every aspect of our lives!
I was there...I heard you...
Brilliant across the board!
i just shared the lol trailer to my facebook people liked it  shared too come on lionsgate i cant wait ah!
Full moon tonite!
WHAT, NO, Why would you want to deactivate ur account!?
Almost 6pm in Chicago and it's still light out!
Thank you DST.
This week will be full of great warm weather.
Can't wait!
I know.
Give it a try, I think they're playing some great stuff.
Whens the next youtube video comeing out!!!
Check out our GM Jerry Keyes on promoting our 79 Snowed in rate!
snow  downtownchicagohotels
I remember when Donovan was Rick Pitino's on court extension at Providence.
for real?
where at?
I believe all suffering is caused by ignorance.
The ultimate test of a relationship is to disagree, but still hold hands
People ask me, R.
L.
What makes what you have to say different from the rest?
Well, I have the credentials, the potential,  the influence
Watch of for the medallion, my diamonds are wracklace.
feels like theres a midget hangin from my necklace.
i thought someone was on my roof....but it turns out it was an earthquake
you know it!
6pm.
small changes so check the deal :
what the hell
I think you have to add both of them together.
HOLY SHIT SO GOOD!!!
ah this was one of my favorites also!!!!!!
I want to send a special shout out to our seniors, the Class of 2012.
So what is in NONvegitarian wine?
OO RT : Did you know that there is such a thing as vegetarian wine?!
This is my 4th anniversary on Twitter, or my 1st if you're one of those people.
I agree!!!
HEy ladies wo all got F.M.B?
i know i do and if you don't you need to get some.
oh!
lol i didnt see ur 1st post got it tho!
and that was some funny shit crazy ass british kid lol
P.J Soles said i looked beautiful in red lip stick
Me too!
Enjoy it for me...hoping it's not 104 there!
Going to go insane
you on summer break bro?
Work begets work.
I wanted to join the TRS street team so badly but they never emailed me back
cil2010 confusing, inconvenient, slow, less than immediate information access, limited or incomplete collections all  Broken.
ok, which school is that?
and would anyone have heard of us out there?
Bengals are playing really well this year
we are really friends
Just putting the finishing touches on episode 2 of Super Duper.
Coming May 1st.
.
on KDKA in the 6 o'clock hour.
looks amazing, thanks for sharing!
And glad you enjoyed.
very little.
Mostly in the Lin Shaye explanation of 'the further' scene, that was for story not for tech.RX cleaned up the rest.
Something is afoot.
KEEP CALM AND HAVE
I didn't wanna leave...
Happy CincodeMayo everyone!
Who's going to celebrate in their parks?
Otherwise I might just lapse into wall staring.
: Those actually sound comfy.
Key, though, is you don't wear them outside the house.
or with a skirt
Pacino making a mob movie with Christopher Walken right now, 2 dinosaurs shootin the place up.
schoolmemories tornado doctorll.
I liked doing those for some reasonx
Well, don't look at me!
And the winner is...Amber!!
T1 I think Nurses Week matters.
It's important for people to get acknowledgement of their hard work
Gettin people to beat me up isn't gonna solve anything..
Your gonna end up dead..
Don't forget  all brand Facebook pages are switching to the Timeline format on Friday.
Are your pages prepared?
follow me3
but then you aren't I'm the casino, gaming...
Do all discussions pertaining to spatiality ultimately derive their bases from geometry?
lol.
Glad you are carrying on the tradition!!
When your mom can't figure out which button turns the Keurig off lol
Top o' the morning to ya Twitterland!
Jared
There is no magic bullet, no secrete, and no shortcut to the shortcut.
The basics will get you to your goals.
david chung???
TorturedSoul is amazing!!!
I had no idea that the lead singer plays the doctorms.
How does he play house doctorms  sing?
Crazy!
yeah.
Too funny.
Makin' bread crumbs.
Thanks again Chicago crew for another awesome shoot!
thank you for the interesting tweets, they're much appreciated !
um hello?
i want them!
What If Ozzy Was YOUR Father?
The man himself has a few tips 4 U!
Didn't see Bluebeard but heard good things.
The one I liked was The Sleeping Beauty.
What a beautiful day in November here in Milwaukee, Wisconsin!
The Goldeneye ducks have arrived in the lake waters around the park.
Participants create their own vision for America at My American Zine which begins now!
My eye is starting to twitch.
Is that from high stress or lack of sleep?
Why be FAKE when you can be REAL retweet dat
She gave me first kiss!She put it right here on my lips!
I've never ever felt like this from a KISS kiss!
Matt Hunter 3
RT : cnnzombies since you are doing this study, should we assume you will discover this virus and inevitably cause the apocalypse?
BLACK WEDNESDAY, WE ARE OPEN!!!!!!!!!
Union Station!
is true, PIERRE wil be sahring lunch with you tomorrow!....Stay hungry my friends!
I have been single for a year and a half now I am ready to get into all kinds of trouble!
;
bin lin at gpls is a gangstalibrarian cataloger.
i'm really enjoying her presentation style  very personable.
Cool to have doctorp by our tailgate yesterday to shoot some footage.
Too bad no one will get to see it.
When I go on tumblr and I see Mat Musto's new post.
I'm dead.
i wanna swim today.
take me to your pool.
May I have a RT?
Pls?
RT : Friendlies, all new Happy Endings tonight on American Broadcasting Channel at 930!
All that matters is your heart.
And the intentions it has.
Tonight we play Irving Plaza New York City.
Come out and get your waddle on!
Holla
Would anyone like to swap resumes and provide feedback to each other?
DM me if interested!
Even tho I lied to him he can actually sang lol  haha
How was your day?
: love you.
Follow me?
Pistol off in my boxers i aint got time to be boxin
I love my new friends on twitter :
Swagg bout to go see my car today thats a bet
Firehook is a great place to enjoy lunch!
We have a variety of gourmet food and doctornk items to complement our breads which are made daily.
RT : my mom heard you on kiss108 again this morning
very well and you?
whos emily b?
Happy Hour starts in 20 minutes.
1/2 price sushi, wine  beer!
Spending some over due time with ....just you wait.
Special thanks to and everyone else that came out to show support.
So bummed I missed at smbmad today!
Hope to see them at the 5/20 Dogs on the Square event.
my Poe suggestion: The System of Doctor Tarr and professorssor Fether
BREAKING NOW  FIVE DEAD in house in Port St.
John in Brevard County.
my pleasure sir :o
When people ask me weird questions i have a hard time answering it truthfully
Haha..
burpees can suck a dick, though.
It feels great to be respected amongst my peers.
:
I think its time to call it a night and get some sleep :
LTHS  LTMS are schools involved in
Happy birthday
I like to see people helping each other!
3 days..then back next week.
Fyihave philscubs tix May 17.
when is Hugh next show or performance in London?
S/O to follow him he follows back
dm your number
Stories Abound as NHRA Comes to Atlanta: A Fan39;s View
i'm going to need you to calm down...you crazy Paxon alumni...smh
foreal, no one got more doctorssgame, or Sw in Bristol.
RT : Need more Debussy in your life?
Free Stop, Look and Listen!
this Saturday, 3:30PM, at the !...
cutters the reinforcer football gloves  ReceivingGlovesz
Went to the store with gabby
green tea to gangrene: HealthyMatters Sunday at 7:30 am call 651.989.9226 or text 81807 with your health questions!
oh hell yeah man!
Jones Hall, turn the A/C on in the ladies room.
Now!
RT : Cookie Monster: Today me feeling blue.
Oh, wait: me look in mirror.
Me actually blue.
Me know what can cure this: COOKIE.
Spinning the RoyalsWheelOfBlame.
Tonight's winner?
The wheel broke trying to figure it out.
Movies not reports.
NYC Mayor Michael Bloomberg has declared Oct 2531 Magic Week to celebrate the work of magicians.
Not something we would do in Toronto, eh?
Omg, last night was an effing mess, smdh
I would have kept on playing until they tell me to turn off the comp.
I can only begin to imagine the glee that my 15 year old self would feel watching and on Twitter.
Do you think the arts are habitforming?
Never!!!!
This tree branch will not beat me, I'm gonna chop it up and show it who's boss!!
Muahahahahaaa!!
when's that storm going to be here?
Standing here nd I'm getting heated, pour me up a doctornk I swear I need it.
I think I'm about, bout to hurt somebody.
Where are you going??
You are right near home for me
that's awesome that you went!
Lucky you, you got to see some Wack Packers!
I really wanted to go to Tampa but it didn't work out.
why does life have to take a giant shit on me whenever something seems like it even has the POTENTIAL to go right?
I don't have a choice but i still choose you
Get ready for Jet Set tomorrow night with with
Stupid Halloween why am I always sick on this damn holiday....
thanks so much for following!
you guys are awesome!
:
All my calls tonite are What Can You Do For Me?.I can do alot with Cash and Cosignor.
Agent Potter
Forgetting you have homework 
Thanks so much for the follow, great to be connected with so many people across the pond.
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
Philippians 4:13.
Woo hoo!!
Closing in on 45 pounds lost!!
Just have to lose .6 pounds  I've got it!!
Pretty sure Zumba, spinning,  TRX will do the trick!
I am not a slut but not a prude either...LMAO!
any better direction as to who u are joining yet?
Join for Conflict Free Campus Break Out in rm 5 going on rift now.
appreciate it!
Why did this not exist while i was at OU : 232 spaces in elm ave garage  182 in asp garage.
UofOklahoma parking
celtics had a great game!!!
they just did it on the hawks up in boston.....
Had class with edgar today :
I want to float in a Lazy River.
really?!
st.
patrick's day?
what an interesting choice!
;
This Clippers Grizzlies game is getting feisty
You made me blush.
Be regular and orderly in your life, so that you may be violent and original in your work.
Gustav Flaubert
As soon as I walk outside I'm surrounded by musical amateurs
about time!
great meeting you on Sunday!
Encourage my followers to check out PW's awesome talents.
I'm having the worst cramps.
I swear, if I start my period, i'm gonna bitch slap mother nature.
I can't wait 'til doctorps his new album, I'm in need of some new new!!
TeamFollowback Get More and Go To Followback The Other Now....
he scored tonight.
Ha!
Lol I wanted to be the guy that's like YES and then your like No and I'm like Shit!
Lol but I didnt feel like it lmao
Plus, even with the change in locale for Revelations, it still feels too similar and gets stale sorta quick.
My boys doing it big early!
Keep it up
If you have to choose between me and her choose her because if you really loved me then there would be no choice
Word.
You just gotta make one of those late day breakfasts I keep seeing and we're straight.
Lol!
This is because the extra saliva helps in keeping the mouth clean There is a place called Hell, Michigan
Cause when I'm with him, I'm thinking of you.
Reds please win a game!
go votto, bruce, and phillips!
Truth RT: : The depth of this pacers team is too much for the magic to handle.

so what's up butt knuckles  when you coming to PHX?
The gem cannot be polished without friction nor man without trials.
Confucius
Bubbles are always welcome!
Hey disgusting fat naked man on the gym scale, just put on your fucking tighties whites and subtract 2 ounces.
No one wants to see your wang
Thanks!
Glad to hear the clickers guide is useful.
I know it could use an update...
Club Amnesia tonight for Tiesto then LIV!
For 4Humanities advocacy project, important to get past talking head model and incorporate video, music posters, viral social media, etc
Doing well Josh.
Been busy though so trying to keep up.
Welcome back to the wineter wonderland!
Hop in da car and pull da curtains on em
Ew homework it's going to eat me
How is your breathing right now?
And now?
In other news, Welcome to The Black Parade is trending, which is quite awesome since I just recently became a fan of .
:D
mourning love
Who was the new AmericanIdol they picked to replace JermaineJones .
Oh, wait that was
The White Rabbit would have said Happy Valentine's Day, but she was late and ran out before she could say so.
I don't understand that last same way I don't understand your love of Taylor swift
BTW, doctornk Tweets are always entertaining to read...
Just sayin'...
Headed to school now!
haha im SOO EXCITED!!
:D
Great birthday weekend, great friends.
It is a chance to see what we have done to create that adversity and create something different.
How are we responsible?
In order to improve the mind, we ought less learn than to contemplate.
Descartes
Outpouring of relief that the lowrated NBC comedies are returning?
Really???
uhm....we'll see about that.
Outside event planner subject of GSA probe
Thank you, Congressman Cleaver for calling these 'stand your ground' laws asinine.
Thanks!
I know I looked at Steamtown too....Did you see the too?
Putting/saying NoHomo in your flamboyant statement doesn't just change things
Are you calling me fat?
Thanks for sending the troops to fight the Lord's Resistance Army.
Did you see Machine Gun Preacher?
A horrible situation...
You too my dear Yvonne!!!
:D
At least my son who is 17 is starting to appreciate different food.
He makes his own recipes  likes to cook.
No plans tonight?
How about cleanin' out that closet!
If you haven't worn it in two seasons  it's clean and wearable it's time to swap it!
Hehe tryn to stay out of trouble; RT so watu been up too?
i miss u both!
Lol ikr!!
How many you got?
so do you wanna wait then?
I have that one song and everythime i listen to it my life feels like crap..
:
Conferences in pedestrian unfriendly cities is tragic and tiresome
If you are getting sordid, read Isaiah..
naw not till april 23 me cj de rj and a couple other guys from the team
Thanks everyone for your support!
Latifa
Austin is the live music capital of the world!
Prediction: Ebook readers, like Nook and Kindle, will go the way of the Vegematic.
But what's next for ebooks?
schoolmemories when Ms.Lopez almost said the word Fuck infront of the whole 8th grade at an asembly, because we wouldnt shut up.
:D
Are YOU an Adobe CQ5 Architect?
I am hiring!!!
: The Dorito taco was so so it's not as thic as a regular dorito: average Im a Clevelander.
Cribbs' word is law
RT : FIU just picked up its secondever sand volleyball signee!
Welcome to the Panther family, Ashley Prince!
JustRememberThat when you get out of school, people are going to remember you by how you treated other people.
I recieved spam from your twitter
Daughter With Destiny.....up and about it......gettin ready to look good for my King as I enter into His presence...
is our hero!
P.S.
We should, we paid enough for them!
RT: : ff because they have perfect teeth!
I've done it before, although...
i may have been a little doctornk when I did.
:
Goodfellas star Paul Sorvino was hit by a car yesterday in Manhattan.
Oops.
I think he's okay.
You're welcome.
Congrats on NAACP Image Awards!
Happy Birthday Tracey!
Glad to see Soul Food back on!
RETWEET if you going to SIUC in the fall
I really like the historical references, please do that more often!
: I saw!
Have you seen the new stuff yet?
Some are high professorle, and worth it from that point.
I've done half a dozen like that.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there!!!
:
If you're a PLO player the 510 PLO game has been running every day since 3/29.
The game is super live w/ free food  massages.
So far this week isn't off to a good start..
A man should look for what is, and NOT for what he thinks should be.
Come celebrate 10 yrs
watching the playoffs at work..
FF social media greats
Thanks Tom, nice hashtag haha!
RT : Hey ; YOU are doing big things
Got no good pics of last night considering they where off a screen But here's some from the Germany tour :
play resurrected by priest hood family
Why are you the mayor there?
That seems creepy.
:
u may have underestimated my laziness lol
Just got back from the Ted, and it's a beautiful, breezy day.
I wish the Barves had a home game I could skip work for.
Dinner special  Pesto Salmon Salad: grilled salmon over mixed greens with grape tomatoes, cucumbers and avocado with a pesto vinaigrette.
Hey 1st tweet w/ twitter account!
Follow Me!
3 :
doctorw Barrymores doctorss: beautiful or underwater creation?
I LOVE it.
Elegant and funky.
...Your partner clucks like a chicken during romantic moments OR have Philip Seymour Hoffman close walk behind you everywhere you go
In my own world right now
As you may know, Hunter Hayes will be at Kat Country Jam at the Fillmore, April 23.
:P.
I cant live without food , facebook , and twitter RT if you agree ?
;
had the best time at field day today had a water fight with stupid ppl :o
I wonder!
Occupy the marble staircase!
and that pesky firewall mess.
sandovalcounty taxes are going out today let me know if you want to contest them!
love that song.
An old buddy was admittedly not right of mind when getting a BOC tattoo of the caped deliveryman of death
Whenever you say that, it just means it bothers you, but you brush it aside :/ i know that by now.
Jack Van Impe's favorite NBA team is the Toronto Raptures, right?
It's hard to find someone that cares these days
As usual, there is weird stuff happening in the stock market.
The manipulators have gotten some leverage and are pulling the market up.
I need to get on here more.
No one ever tweets me though.
:/
You know you've lived in a community dorm for a while when you put your flipflops on I go to the bathroom in your own house Haha
ok so apparently I can't message you back unless you are a follower...I gotta learn how to use this twitter thing LOL.
TY for the shout out!
Granted..extensive testing has not been done, but can ecigs possibly be any WORSE than test results from analogs?
Get real FDA!!
Wishing I was in New York seeing Liu Bolin tonight
Nedved ties it for Czechs.
When you've been failing a class, then you find out you're finally passing.
Just realized i was in the allstate choir in 2008 with from !
Thanks for the midnight laugh!
lol You are too funny!
Such a pleasure meeting Kelly from !!Fabulous lady!Love their pulls!Excited to see REMAH in their clothes!Xox
If I am going to be a Christ follower I must become more prodigal
After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.
Good morning Austin, hope you have a good day :
I'm really trying to go night night  criminalminds won't let me.
My codcon12 presentation on Key Points in Systems Librarianship: How to Clearly Use the user  id ten T Registry Entry was SRO!
No it's the scruffy patchy thing, but he just text me to tell me he's shaving.
LOL!!!!
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
Jim Rohn
not at all...but I miss my peeps up there!
good luck!
NEW MEXICO GUNS LLC GIVES DISCOUNTS TO MILITARY AND LAW ENFORCEMENT WITH PROPER ID!
3pm time for and
Doughboys will be there for sure!!
You just made my dinner, literally.
Thank you!
In my mind, he's a Nadalist
try it again..it keeps going down
So officially gone have another kickback but don't know when
just tweet what you feel.
it will all come natural.
Pineapple Kush Sold Out
I met a lot of awesome people last night.
It's a Jeep wonderland out here
I got my hair done Saturday and this lady asked if I was getting my hair done for mother's day.
I said no I'm just 20.
crush caught me eating pumpkin pie.
at my desk.
doh.
not so glamorous.
BandsILove The Hooligans, Liquid Lavender, Coldplay, Green Day, The Wanted
make sure u let go of iPad buttons before 20sec...
Follow youre doctorams.
did and look where it got him :
Should they have made fun of Angelia's stance?
She is a movie star afterall.
I'm sure she didn't give a shit.
LMAO at the Athletic Tourism Committee
All of us have fears and doctorams, and perhaps the two are not so far apart.
3
Dang,I shouldn't have cheated,I really miss him...
You knew what you had,don't complain!!!
you have no idea!
i love it.
Cinecraft has won a 16th Telly Award for the production of a recruitment video for Progressive Insurance!
What's ghetto?
Citizen History gets back to the words roots in and before the Holocaust.
Haunting
That sucks!
if you have our app, you could have gotten reimbursed!
From now on please only refer to me by my burlesque name: Metta Von Teese.
The troop is an awesome show!
:D
Right now I'm in Nashville.
but I'll be back in Memphis this weekend.
almost 22MILLIONBELIEBERS this family keeps getting bigger :
Hold your head up, my dear.
3
I wish just STFU
u had jonathan
Great sweep of the doubleheader.
Love cleveland.
We've globalized our economy and people.
But we have done poor job of equipping our minorities for their future leadership.
Simon Rosenberg
Just found some clean underwear in an old suitcase.
Yes!!
i'm feeling 'technologically challenged' today.
Having a hard time understanding SpellNumber app on iPhone.
i want Emoticons!
My new year's resolution is every day make a healthierchoice.
Today stopped eating leftover indian food when full even though so good.
nope I know c:
yea sadly :
Spending my weekend with BREAKING BAD.
rr
RT : ...When YOU talk about ME it's says more about YOU...
how awesome is that
Will we see you all the NCFAA show next week?
Are you a Mahomie?
No, I've just got a Mahone related username, an icon of Austin, and a bio about him because I like monkeys.
i want a muffin :P
Just because I can
Actually got a blog post out when promised.
Working on Part 3 of the NCPH conference blog post...
digital projects.
:
so how do I get in this mag
hm!
What were YOU doing?
I had a great time hanging out last night Let's do it again soon!
Nothing brings two sides together like a Dodge Challenger...the peacemaker of vehicles ;
Thanks for coming today!
It was really great to meet you!
lightning like crazy!!!!
law and order svu :
This performance of Raise Your Glass is a hot damn mess
Friend hey,can I have a piece of gum?
Me yeah, just dont tell anyone you got it from me.
We're trying to name my band, what do ya'll think of Allen Cruz and the Bitches ??
show some love followhim he's one of the best producers out right now.
get at him before he blows up
Sorry no tweets this week on vacation
I'm seeing sun and margaritas in my near future!!!
Who's w/me???
And word to everyone at 98.5 The Sports Hizzle.
RT : Word to P.
Ebb, Sburton amp; Dan RocheClip.
I cant wait , i want to eat it all .
lol
No doubt, I appreciate that
Hm...and just where did he get that adorable pink toy?
;
Lulz I have a final tomorrow.
I shouldn't be here.
in venice today and tomorrow.
I can already tell that 2 days just isn't going to be enough.
: Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.
Abraham Lincoln
Exam doughnuts sustenance for the day
Is it winter?
Or is it still fall.
Keeping and with the is the ONLY way we're gonna get to a
At Harvard Speech and Debate Tourney, helping out for my high school: SO MANY INNER WORKINGS to a tournament.
cubs lose cubs lose...
hahaha no just shade :b and well idk there are some clubs over here that are ghetto and theyre reg.
Straight lol im gay too hun:
I can scarcely believe that LAMs would be considered to have significant competitive advantages over anyone
Read about Every NFL game and NFL team in 1 place!
USSportspages.com
RT for FOLLOWBACK then tweet me.
Ref's need to let the boys play the game ravens this is getting ridiculous...
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me!
22 days till boyfriend!!14
And now I will debate when/whether I should sleep before my 20 some hour flight at 7 AM.
todance or nottodance?
That is the question.
I need someone in Vegas who can install my FAST EZEFI kit...Sometime soon.
Anyone?
Bueller?
The one thing preventing me from jumping off Aurora Bridge is at Chop Suey tonite.
Tomorrow, I'll be prepared for jumping.
Good, me too.
and how did you do in the playoffs?
So when you ask me where is it?
you're really saying my time is more valuable than yours and I want you to check google maps for me
Who doesn't!
Hi AnnMargaret, Our interview is published!
www.ponderingpoker.com.
Also on iTunes.
Hope you like it!
I wish I was a animal because they would put me to sleep to put me out of my misery .
from flannels to sun doctorsses in a week...welcome to Nashville
Black dude cut in line  started talking shit to one Asian dude
aw c: RT : doctorma Queens And Party Scenes
so excited.
Currently I do brokerage agency business.
Property management and land development are in my past experience
it says Keep Oklahoma Beautiful...and Don't Lay That Trash on Oklahoma
Global Funding is looking for 30,00090,000 square foot vacant distressed residential buildings in Manhattan.
We do not want vacant land or
who's going to pick me up in Dallas?
Goals should be challenging  but not impossible  while providing value.
Glenn Hughes
pizza myth?
: No, seriously.
We've been eating pizza for nine hours.
Wow, that's not annoying ...
I believe U!
also it's Friday
I just cocked my head and did an aw face.
Picture it : Miss you!
you mean ashleigh knows she can beat me up..
You might end up with a daughter.
You can't just plan for a son silly.
Webmail is back thanks Technology!
Go Navy beat Army.
I think ima make some pancakes tomorrow for breakfast!.
So we sifted through different iPad audio recording apps to see which ones would record and upload to Webspace and link inside Bb courses...
MC Lars: hip hop as a cultural poetic innovating form derived from history, rap and Shakespeare, bffs!
I will cry if I dont get a birthday tweet, that's litterally all I wanted ALL day!
PrettyPlease?
Make sure to use the alayma for alamw11.
Confused?
Ask me!
.
Watching Star Wars for the first time in 25 years.
Jawas are still terrifying.
Ugh, that's what I figured.
Guess I won't be getting that photo job with Tiffany's!
what r the favorite spots In ATL for nonunion actors to find gigs.
good to hear.
bet that tap hurt quite a bit
il see what happens
SHE HAD CONSTRUCTION PAPER IN THE CAR!!!
She went  got it.
It was eyerolling night.
Both reports should have an accountcode column for matching.
Let us know if this doesn't help!
my tweets came late cause I tweeted once and my eyes refused to stay open.
I love Blackedu.
It is a necessary dialogue.

Are carving up some awesome Ice Sculptures
No contest
I want 2 know about hair color It's a personal choice, freedom, parentchild decision/responsibility/issue.
I gave a talk at Google headquarters today.
Great company.
I'm in love.
From the bean bags to the attitude.
Can't wait to go back.
Ann R.
If napping is part of intellectual life in digital age, who can avoid, particularly
Mark Hyman: food is information...
it changes your gene expression and upgrades your biological software
Started doing P90X.
But threw it out because it was too hard.
Too hard not to laugh while I was doing it.
Web 2.0 Michael Rubin GSI Commerce 75 of major retailer CEO's did not know what amazon prime was 2 yrs ago
National League MVP Ryan Braun's 50game suspension was overturned
A week from now, we will be just hours away from our biggest show yetopening for The English Beat at !
Where will you be?
no he was the typical matt
Today's writing tip: If you can't think of anything to say, go to sleep and doctoram something up!
Decent Madoff interview on 60minutes.
Perhaps Ruth and sons didn't know, but they are still living the high life, and that is not right.

oh, I see.
Are you feeling better?
I just woke up craving some
interesting question: as artists, i think if you are not in it to promote radical ideas or change, then why do it?
I think you need a lil' higher level book Matt.
Trolls: where do they come from?
The Guardian
I think it crazy how like we al have different time.
Its 10:44 am right now.
Depressing tweets  dontworrybehappy :
There seriously needs to be a better way to get to Williamsburg.
JoePa should not have been fired.
Did you get your PPSS fix today?
i have the first 2 in pdf form on my computer.
I may be able to email them to ya
I often look out for others before my self 
lol ..
i know that shit crazy
Does tax season really begin tomorrow?
Oh no, not sure I'm ready.
But am I ever ready?
And yet, I do it every year!
Ah...responsibility!
There's something very satisfying in getting the phrasing of a tricky provision down just right.
Been a while, but it's the last month of the year and once again I thank all of the newest followers interested in my services and timeline.
Make sure you like us on Facebook  Fritze  German Fest Milwaukee's Loyal Dachshund.
Tell your friends!
Win tickets to the fest!
hahaha no we were playing against him...
It was
..Stray apostrophe in that last tweet.
I blame the fact that it's chilly in the office today, can't type str8
When directors start emailing you scripts to see if you'd like to audition, you know you're doing something right
Local websites and magazines, or sites like The Knot, Once Wed are great to be inspired by.
The works of Amber Eagle at the Menil Bookstoreopening tomorrow night,11/12, 6PM.
Come join us.
At least u tried to verbalize.
I played Wind Beneath My Wings Needless to say, it wasnt well received.
What a week!
ComicCon is now behind me and I am now breaking bread in Moreno Valley with our International Distributors!
Excellent hosts.
crashed here after the party..
Great, L2 7103 not on any schedule, stops 1.5 bus lengths past the stop, then pulls away abruptly.
bustedknee b/c
I heard about that too.
That's crazy.
I just can't stop thinking about how i let the tennis team down 
I'll take care of it brother if this is sue;
Three and a half hours on the Americas bidge and still not even at the top of the hump.
Happy Friday!
Looking forward to the weekend 
Thank you so much, Joelle!
mamba skin is very doctor.
Congrats on the win today and weekend sweep
I love cover of Leavin' by Jesse McCartney!!: 3
Home is wherever I'm with you.
Top3WorkoutSongs what are they?
For me: trapt headstrong, BB I will not bow, and let the bodies hit the floor!
I feel like that's something Kanye would wear if he went on a boat trip.
: Love the neon colors!
Sweet doctorams is a nightmare
Same obsession here!
Just finished watching all the movies last year..
a bit of a commemoration :
ok you are the LUCKIEST person ever!
why would i be safe?
Haha
I sent you a picture!!!!!
miss you too/:
Welcome To Fantasy Island
happy birthday my friend Jeffrey dean Morgan
what's wrong?
Y'all niggas deal with emotions like bitches...
i hate florida weather.
Ah!
I hate when nail polish gets sticky.
It's EVERYWHERE.
O.O
you're tweets get sent to my phone
The truth u hold about people governs ur interaction w them.
Do u believe people r kind or do u think they'll hurt u?
Check us out on the web  www.misterspainting.com click on our facebook link to see our most recent projects.
we love to paint  and more !
To bad we didn't fall in Love at the same time
I heard that in eckhardt tolle's book  is that your source?
MT Chubb: Schools want digital content access limited b/c of threat ofcompetition
I know
Fuck Tumblr!, oh wait....i have one..
i approve
TRAFFIC: WB Beltline at John Nolen doctor right lane is closed  vehicle on fire.
Backups to the interstate already
It was a pretty good afternoon...
How do you know you aren't the top pick of the five ?
this ones better :
Thanks for coming out to join us!
Been washing clothes since 8:00 its now 1:37 am and we still washing ..smh
Trying this new twitter app
Ladies Night tonight!!!!!!
Reverse Happy Hour 711pm 5 doctornks  5 appetizers along with DJ Amp C cranking great music!!!!
Know someone that needs to lose weight?
doctorp 20 pounds in 20 days!!
Visit www.facebook.com/LVHCG Find out how now!
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful mothers and grandmothers out there!!!
I will
Jamming out to protomen.
how's the ballgame lookin?
RT : it's was great and they answered all of the questions  Great!
We hope to see you in the fall!
so whats next for text descriptive social media?
Let's go Wildcats!
UGH SO tired of being punished for my strength shouldn't someone rise to the occasion instead of me stooping to down to his/her level?
Going to Chinatown to see the celebrations!
Hahaha this girl got butt injections !!!!!!
double chicken, guac, spicy salsa, cheese.
eat and repeat.
RT : On my way to Chipotle...
Can't stop eating this stuff...
If all goes well, would be fun to bring it out west...
1 in 5 women are sexually assaulted.
Making the Violence Against Women Act into a political football is bad government.
she used snot and rubbish.
I might be in love.
She's adorable!
Take a second to
Pretty much got my ass handed to me...
Bugger.
Just watched a news show that made me throw up in my mouth a little bit.
Trying to think of some cool raucous cover songs for upcoming pub gigs...Maybe a Clash tune!?
I've been so tired lately.
I just don't understand it!!
Like who cares if u shout me out!!
Smile
donation will be there shortly.
I expect an answer in return..muuuhaaa!!!
Sorry,as evil as I can sound.
: lol
Thanks to everyone who is already following me, including former Microsoft folks and music fans
Unique Exhibition Opens in New York
Looking for work is so stressful ......
ugh !
Im sleepy but ima try to stay up till my brother come from prom
Too many fake people
forget about it!
Waves of change remix...
I get lost in that song!!!
The volume of multifamily and commercial real estate lending is growing; both borrowers  lenders are optimistic it will continue to grow
catch us 2nite  our entire team is partying at recess  table 6 is going to be a problem
2 pc spicy, red beans and rice, PLEASE!!
There is so much BS investment advice out there that it's a wonder anybody makes any money at all.
It is sincerely appreciated!
I'm officially counting the minutes until we get away for the weekend without the kids!
Sounds like it will be recorded acoustically but sonic touches will be added in post production.
A little indie rock vibe?
there are two versions: make sure he tells you the sweet one, and not the joke one ;
Please hold me, I feel very fragile  The Recovery
FF our singer !!
That's my personal Twitter, all the cool kids follow that page as well.
And I follow all fans back!
RT!
thx for being an invaluable partner!
Order the Fish Taco without Tangy White Sauce and youll avoid 12 grams of cholesterol and 117 calories.
No 11 o'clock class today made it nice to sleep in.
Thanks UK.
UofL...
You can burn in hell
washed my hair this morning and it felt so good!
waiting for the kids at sunday school and thinking how bad my fantasy football team is doing this year.
AfroLatinAmerica week 2: enslaved Africans, free blacks, urban slavery, Mexico, Peru, Guatemala
oh ok, im following now, but ill send you my next updates bdot, what style of tracks do you like anyway?
not even going there
I feel the same way.
Before I was just panicking about exams but now I'm overwhelmed with an awareness of how sad grad will be
I'm still waiting to find out the TRUTH about Angelea being booted; will we ever know?
Out of place, out of line, out of touch, out of time.
OMG FINALLY IM CRYING CRYING OMFG
LCD Soundsystem preparty at Le Bain tonite.
Tomorrow nite b4 the show meet me 
going to go and beg my dad to but me a ticket to watch you online !
Wish me luck : !xx
the hunt is going...
I started volunteering so that I don't sit at home all day.
How is life in Bloomington?
Thank you :D
Time for the new season Downton Abbey.
New Absolutely Fabulous being recorded.
LastTimeIChecked this is MY twitter, so don't tell me I tweet too much or I shouldnt tweet this or that.
Don't like my tweets?
Unfollow me.
Crawled back into bed after a two hour yoga class and a walk through the rain to find it still warm.
Inordinately thrilled.
ive done all the standard stuff.
ie ive truned it off waited and turned it back on.
computer says everything is fine.
:/
RT : He who sows courtesy reaps friendship,  he who plants kindness gathers love.
Saint Basil
RFT such a depressing day...
no im not worrying I was just wondering..
lol.
Anyways yay!
that height quite look like your at 10000 feet, shouldn't your camera be off ;.
So many People Never find the one that's why I really wanna tell u somthin I really think dis is it for me I really think your the one.
York town boys are so cute.
;
Joy Behar.
Laura Innes.
That is all.
Dude, Where's My Jam
follow back?
:
ITS SO HOT!
ugh
yeah, it's horrible how someone would want to do that to a helpless child/: people sicken me.
MT : Twostar TE prospect Keoni BushLoo has committed to the ArizonaWildcats Our Wildcat RedZone Offense gets a key guy
not sure if cool is the word...it's....something
on the penises:
chillin in basement.
What people say isn't going to stop me.
Done cleaning for the day.
Time to relax and finish my book.
Devils Food Cake Murder.
By Joanne Fluke.
Great recipes in the book
At this point, you may as well put on the first line.
What the hell?
Nothing else seems to be working for the
Perhaps PresidentObama needs my services as much as AbrahamLincoln.
Under my watch the SecretService would never have seen such scandal.
I want Galaxy Leggings.
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life
watching 300 because it's the shit
Agreed.
RT Great job at TechPoint this morning
My eyes are so foggy right now.
Ugh
Everyone!!!
Go like OffKey Booking!!
Luv a woman wit a lil country accent ..sexy
7 in 10 Americans have some kind of fear of the dark
Study Session Playlist: Hives, Die Alright!
Bright Eyes, Four Winds  Wilco, Outtasite
had no idea about swaplease..fascinating concept and I just spent 10 poking around

FF Thanks for the mentions  sharing from our blog!
I'm plunking it thow
So wonderful Glad your day was a pretty spring day too.
Tonight the crickets are chirping!
I'm so glad you had fun at !
Enjoy the rest of your weekend!
3
A brother may not be a friend, but a friend will always be a brother.
Ben Franklin
Facebook business pages will soon look like professorle pages.
Nice!
No screencap needed, I know out Comic Convention track record so far.
I'm just hoping you're not missing a limb when you show up
all the time he is good.
is the prettiest girl I know 
k who this btw
Omg u a Packers fan thats so sexy wow!!!
we're awesome.:
Don't forget to post your best pic of yourself working out!
Winner will receive a KoreFit prize!
is preparing the LLC's Operating Agreement.
Doing science homework, I have a giant packet to do:
RT : lol chillin over here .
Like the new avi  thanks!
It's old now though;
Yes on both counts.
Very sad day for Yankee fans.
Had lunch at the Sullivan  Son cast at the Turner lunch.
Hope the sitcom succeeds.
Cannot believe women still wear velour tracksuits while flying.
Or ever.
You look like a care bear.
Guess it's time for me to take the sticker off the car.
I've been eating an absurd amount of food since Sunday.
It's really kind of getting ridiculous!
Nope!
Read that one loud and clear.
breakuphumor :
I wish he had shot more on the net.
CommercialLenders try our Records Search with Risk Assessment Report.
It is reviewed and signed by an environmental professorssional.Less Risk!
How am I suppose to get 500 by Monday
MT : Applications for US home mortgages jump 9.2 last week, doctorven by demand for refi due to low interest rates 
Thanks for coming to the Popped!
Republic truck today.
Come again soon to try our other flavors!
GDC says every single MMO player he knows started because a friend was immersed in the communities
He was all about melodoctorma, small spaces and cocaine.
:
About to get Killa and eat some yardbirds 
RETWEET if you except Rachaels Challenge!
Always enjoy hearing transparency about writing process  his website is like DVD extras to the books
Movie trending now in Chicago, IL : Justin Bieber: Never Say Never
sounds like the Devils strategy prelockout.
Sorry I had to mention this heh
nfw.
I want the journo outed MT : SMH.
RT : Novak asked in press about Isner being the ClayGOAT
ima never see you....o that is not good!
amazing show!!
Will you be going back anytime soon?
Anyone need a néw follower I'm here for ya F4F QA ask me anything.1
the art work u made for it isn't coming up on my phone
You get the idea.
That's the only that motivates me to get my butt off the chair and exercise.
thank you we will keep giving you pastry swag xoxoxo
Want to know more about local pet events in ohio sign up for our e newsletter on our website WWW.OhioAnimalCompanion.org
so beautiful outside!
time for a run of course
it struck a chord with me on a blog post I'm working on for Similar theme ..
Real life comes first.
UNLV is exactly the type of team that can come into the Kohl Center and win.
Wisconsin needs to shoot better today.
Thank you guys for following me!
:D Gained 24 new followers today..
:D
Should Indiana gov't step in to encourage green energy investments in the state?
What do you think?
3177360950 or
u like what
Thank you Sambuca360 for a good night.
We will see you again in a few weeks!
you're so beautiful!!!!3 I'm so jelly of you!:
Derek Jeter singles to pass Robin Yount on the alltime hit list.
He's now No.
16.
Saw the marks on my shoulder..
It, wasn't me!
I'm ok now!
Really!
where u at homie
my phone is dead : can you skype?
Its a fun way to learn new words and it gets even better when your team wins!!!
June 10 on Friday..Look at the HFC event schedule..
RIP Whitney Houston...
uh thatd be so fun!!!
I have to work at 5 though :/ we should plan a trip down there though
Hello party people!
Headed to Vermilion!
Looking forward to filming Holistic Doctors tonight.
That's a clever name.
I like the Cards young LB's.
Sam Acho on the sack.
What makes them overrated?
oh nvr couldn't care less..
It actually feeds me and makes me feel good..
Cause it means I'm doin something good ;
About to head to Shilito Park for the Frisbee Golf Tournament with my lil bro
Texas Longhorns Longhorn Pierced Basketball  Pendant  Gold Plated Jewelry
RT : Yes, it will pick up links  be sure to do full link including http://
going to a play with harley tonight!!
:D
Forgot how bad they use to smoke in the 50's,had to leave Magic City set because of it.Didn't want to ruin the shoot coughing my bronchitis
Gervinho to rvp, get used to that combo
lol I've seen before but nope.
Tough mudder looks serious.
Props to you on that.
I think I'm going with the run a muck.
Aww thanks Erin.
Golf soon!
r u tkin me to or
ROLL CALL!
Who's coming to tonight's  Magic game??
Come on Cuse, let's not get sloppy!
Youwerecuteuntil you turned into a man whore
for The Wanted!
If you could be a female pop star for a day who would it be and why?!
:D ps.
I love you!
Any plans to offer growlers in California?
Sacramento beer geeks would love it, and it's more green than throwaway bottles.
Wow, a phone booth?
They still exist?
lol
Tried sweet tea in the south for the first time tonight.
That stuff is NO joke.
So, last time for auditions I changed clothes in a grocery store...this time it was a Chinese restaurant!
LOL!
Wow boyfriend by j.
Biebs is really good.
Hell has frozen over.
Ilovewhen you show up to work to do your job, but you can't bc someone else hasn't done their job.
Nice!!
Congrats on MVP!!!
sorry : it's hard.
I know people change or have other things going n, but it's hard for us that get left behind.
Glad you liked it!
It was a lot of transcribing but definitely worth all the great nuggets of info.
There's gonna be a lot of slow singing and flower bringing if my burglar alarm starts ringing...
Notorious BIG
Obama bin Laden Obama Bin Laden Obama bin Laden Obama Bin Laden Obama bin Laden Obama Bin Laden Obama bin Laden Obama Bin Laden
Becareful not to summon stuff!
Have a safe holiday!
ThatAwkwardMoment when I gotta lean against the wall n pee cuz I woke up wit a hard dick lol!!
Me and my grandmother are besties now.
We're both Mahomies.
Yes.
Mahomies for 3 Age doesn't matter
Just received a 5,000 scholarship from the Marine Corps Scholarship Foundation
Denver ground crew poked a hole in the fuselage with a ladder making the red eye to Newark much sucker.
How will I get to EWR?
Interesting.
There must be some interesting similarities btwn HI and FL re: illegal labor
Its weird seeing Happy Mothers tweets cuz Mothers day was like 2 months ago in UK lol !!
LOL...great tip!
LIVE MUSIC  Tonight from 79pm: Tim Connell
IM RANKED NUMBER ONE IN THE LOCAL CHARTS.
Thank YOU ALL SO MUCH!!!!
Rt Hon Alex Salmond has asked me to send a copy of my book on Welsh nationalist poet R.
S.
Thomas.
Very cool.
I think it just happened like this morning.
I also am elated!
I bet Lil Sebastian is looking down on NBC with a big grin.
Bryce Harper the Pittsburgh Pirate Organization 
youcanttrust CHARLIE SHEEN!!!!
take the mask.
you want 10 right?
im getting there like at 8 or maybe earlier
Ayee bro Me And Might Be Plannin Something BIG
thanks a million!
Debating the hardest decision of my life on a day to day basis.
Where to eat lunch in nola?
JUST DID
AJBombers Twitter TV getting some behind the scenes upgrades!
nice playing with you earlier misterWiz, your voice impressions are classic haha
Press on the gas peddle.
Speak ill of no man, but speak all the good you know of everybody.
Ben Franklin
Could Mavs and Jazz be headed to Triple OT?
knowing is half the battle
Great day today!
Lets close out the week strong
wants to thank everyone for tonights GREAT show!
The heated patio was PACKED with people!
The lineup was out of this world!
Next show: 3/2!
Dear Brad, I'm always right.
Suck it.
Love your ever so loving girlfriend
NP doctorke ft lil wayne  andoctor 3000  the real her!
I love that show.
Thanks for the RT!
I take it you have had to put together a few IKEA products as well...
Hey, I think it's raining
I'm Ol' Floppy Arms!
And 2nd ward alderman Bob Fioretti's testicles are more dangly than a sack of molasses!
I still have it.
I had with me on one of my trips to the station but you were in a meeting.
We'll just have to meet up :
Judging Specialty Herb Vegetable beers for the US Open.
BJCP.
Someone's gotta do it.
good morning everybody!
read your article on the POI at SMFD and OWD and couldn't figure what the watchdogging was.
Could it be overreach on your part?
It breaks my heart to read tweets from the apologizing to us fans for the loss.
It wasn't pretty, but it has been an amazing season
HAPPY B'DAY !
:D
Is one cool cat!
He feels revolted if he saw or touched money
eye appt.
at 7:45 then getting blood work done...wish me luck!
Good Morning
Happy first day of spring!
Lovers of Literary Classics  Historical Fiction: Meet Grosvenor Square author K.Meyer tomorrow at Rockford, IL Barnes  Noble, 6  8 PM.
Sexy pj pants dude at the bar.
Planning on sleeping over??
RT The greatest companies aren't the MOST creativethey simply amplify their creativity w/discipline via Jim Collins
Off to Jacksonville for some more in the Navy!
we need a headcount of who is filming with us tomorrow.
please let us know.
i own Street Beauty Entertainment.
Houston's Best Female Entertainment!
cant sleep like always!
We are going to be a little late...having trouble with generator
is Brees pulling the ball back behind the first down different than a runner/receiver running backwards re: forward progress?
I heart free wifi at airports.
you only love once
so busy today!
Can't wait for happy hour/dinner later at the Filling Station.
Then, LOST!
If you could win any of the Minelab detectors being given away at National Metal Detecting Day, which would you want to win??
danny oh so sexy
It's been a pleasure rooting against you in this series so far.
Hey, how about a high five?
Ref calls a tech
That was sad.
Correction!
Chocolate Peanut Butter Banana chunk dough :D get itt
Actually having money in my wallet
Big thank you to the girl with the incredible ass for picking the cardio machine in front of me today.
You eased my pain.
2 Bs so far for my first 2 finals....
I'll take it.
2 more tomorrow!
Day 3 live coverage starts tomorrow at 7 p.m.
on ESPN 2 and there's live streaming of the event on ESPN 3
OH GOD TOMORROW IS NOT THE RAPTURE, EVEN JESUS DOSENT KNOW!
If this keeps up I am going to commute on my paddleboard.
Hmm.
Not a bad plan.
the Milwaukee Art Museum Calatrava would be my doctoram venue!
Iconic to my city  gorgeous!
Happy birthday to our dad, !
You heard of Too hort?
I'm too long I'm in the club all black goin Akon Like headlights I'm too on
Wow, wow, wow.
I had high expectations,  even those were blown away by THE AVENGERS.
Incredible film.
4 of 4 stars.
good tip.
Maybe we can lure her out with the promise of a trip to Hawaii.
yeah buddy!!
How was the hit?
Interested in Starbucks 2.01.
Want to chat?
Plz send back a number this way or via email: .
I'll call...Jeff
Happy Friday!
by everyone else you mean you!
Lol ...
Totally fair .
weGangedupOnU ...
it's not spam when you spit the truth
If its the chronological part that is bothersome, would a wiki be simply too outre?
He's such a poser...
Thru it all i still Love him
Go Rangers!
;
every morning is a good morning when I wake up to your tweets :
well, I cant stay out late , so yea...gimme a time ?
And...
start OT on PP
I love my job...first real downside was searching in a cold garage through infested papers for relevant archival materials.
Boo!
Bang bang bang I don't like dat some shit I dont like
Got a VM from my CDE today saying my blood sugars look really good, and to keep up the good work.
I'm never deleting it.
You need to have informed skeptics to deal with big data and running a business Casey Steadman
off the phone with , doing homework nowww .
.
Membership has its privileges!
55 Individual  250 Corporate Memberships, signup online or at one of our events!
SAVE THE DATE: June 28  12pm PST  Premiere of Vegan 101 Season 2 Ep.
1 Vegano  Starring Eric Roberts.
Join the mailing list for info.
you guys be having beautiful little families buy y'all mess it with these sack chasing, home breaking, diseased tramps..
where's the logic?
Let's GO SIXERS!
Pull this out boys!
I wont be on the bball team in the 2012 olympics, i cant even throw a cup in a trashcan two feet away!!!
Insted it hit the tcan 1/2way down
Thank you Selma!
Grand slam in person!
The most popular Events Application on Facebook is Meetup with 760,000 monthly average users.
yes just send us the link if you prefer, preferably hosted on YouTube
Thanks.
I'm trying to figure out what the best way to get objective info on the Java community process is.
you should go there when I'm there
Still at fucking work jammin to Same Damn Time Remix
I don't mind spendin' everyday, out on your corner in the pouring rain.
Look for the girl with the broken smile...
Going back to the latest album for the afternoon just for my boy Good anytime music.
I got a few girls locked up in my basement.
Cohere; disperse.
If your heart sinks whenever u come across a pic of your ex....Slap your self cause u no they still got u....
yep thats the one it looks like ...
I haven't touched them in years.
Wow...
OregonState is up by 13 at the half.
UW might be in a bit of trouble.
I think they're playing extra hard for .
nice!
What did you think?
You like us??
It still wades team
light one pass it like a relay
O o o o o ok...
lamborghini mercy..
yo chick she so thirsty..
I'm in that 2 seat Lambo with yo girl she trynna jerk me
keep it
Camcorder that fits in your pocket???
www.flipvideomagic.com Get yours today.
Hey rushers go and follow go if u have'nt already :D
Can't wait to be in Auburn this weekend!
Early FF to  brilliant sports/entertainment/lifestyle eventprofessorand a good friend new to Twitter!
lol hahaha u guys crack me up
It will be interesting to see Dean Spanos' decision making process.
I' sure he has his alternatives lined up.
Bye Norv.
It's been ever so.
idk where that one is?
Where do you work?
come meet us here!
The weather is great
I don't even need your love, but you treat me like a stranger and I feel so rough.
Good luck is another name for tenacity of purpose.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
MickeyMouse has a stalker
I'm 19 math problems away from getting 4 hours of sleep.
I cut em wide, I cut em long, I cut em FAT!!
I keep em coming back !
Our photographers are out looking for some spooky Halloween fun!
One has already found some...
Please ...
come to Greece for a concert!
PLEASE!
MAKES IT EVEN BETTER
sorry for any inconvenience, DM us you Zipcard  and we can try to get you more info on the situation.
I wonder how many Muggles broke their nose today trying to get to Platform 9 3/4.
We are at booth 606 during ilf11!
Visit us and learn about our Summer Reader free trial offer!
I think i would actually quit the internet if Facebook bought Github
Ray Emery has so much swag
ha!
You sound like my Mom.
Yay!
MKE comes through!!!
: S/O from Mke  Happy Birthday 
Why what happened?
oh, and he's probably a psycho.
I live going to orange leaf too ha ha!!

There's nothing worse than losing who you thought was your best friend.
Me running into a glass window and adele slamming her phone into her head?
RT I hate when people want to bring you in a situations that has NOTHING to do with you..
Twelve people run the Instagram company?!
I'm picking up aroma of robot.
Why is Richard cotton and now the oracle of the Internet?
grt 2have one side what about the other?
dude, what's up?!
Whoa, why is Robyn the girlfriend???
WHAT?
ALTERNATE READING?
May the angels bring you joy today.
joy is a special healing energy.
cracked my phone screen
Going to the Unitarian Church this morning, we haven't been all summer maybe even longer...Heathens!
Santorum is out.
It's Obama vs.
Romney for sure.
Don't believe me?
Google Santorum...
actually, now that I think about it, don't do that.
Do we get too tired too fast as librarians?
And does the structure keep people down?
How do you cultivate new leaders?
what's good rowbot this is precise manager redell doctorkeford,i want to service you with his latest joint shot's fired dj pack
WeWereCoolUntil you started flirting with the guy i like !
If I lose you , I'm afraid I will lose who I gave my love to.
That's the reason I stay around.
!!!
RT : You felt that killer shot from Kobe coming...he was waiting one bullet in the trigger
Back to coding my VST Instrument...
U.S.
Savings rate the highest in 15 years; may slow down recovery; It's about time Americans learned same lesson as depression era family.
I cant sleep
Its okay we got 4 dishwashers.
Stephania being one of them.
so you don't like being a tourist or near them?
A complicated vacationing life you lead?
I gotta be honest, I hate when my Dad doctorgs me along to places I don't want to go to.
Getting ready to compete and defend our title.
Anytime.
Little things are important g.
owner behavior  real :
nah, 'cause i can't go to that one !
hahaha
We're having an Atlanta Pride DJ Party on October 9th from 2:00p until 6:00p!
The bocce court will be available as well.
You got me falling in love by everything you do, baby.
3
Got talent?
Long island tomorrow!!!
:
you're welcome
17 minutes to find a parking spot That's a new high for me.
Ridiculousness is by far the best show on television.
Playing my first show ever in ATL next weekend.
So stoked.
Woke up this morning and noticed the Chronicle linked to one of my crime articles.
Oh double news beats, you are so sweet.
can't wait for this year!
I have a good feeling!
we will have too oovoo but not yett...
Ill tell u when
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 95
wow, considering I am not currently seeing any1...it has to mean an ex.
Lord Gawd!!!
You said it...take cover!!
It'd be 1 of 2.
Want to have someone wired into  from SW ATL, giving the GOOD NEWS 2 ?
Tell you want me to be a Community Web Producer.
Yes U have too NOww!!!
:...Go fishing and record a Vid and send it to me on twitter I wnt to see Ur skillzzz
It's another thing when you wake up the next morning and realized u ate Steve's hotdog and feel less than average.
been listening to pierce the veil all night 
I love gifboom!:o
Come on Pacers 3 to 1 is much better than 2 to 2
It was great spending time with my younger cousins today.
I'm surprised so many of them are here.
I cook with it all the time now and use it as moisturizer for my skin and hair
There's that too.
I wondered if you had checked before you asked.
:
My mom doctorve to AZ to buy tickets since NV doesn't do it.
She lost.
Haha
Id like to be able to look for a new wallpaper without seeing one direction all over my phone.
lol nah my pc is just 4 years old and cant handle it so it wasnt fun dealing with lag
Guess I'll be popping in to do some filming tomorrow night, can't wait.
Have a great Thursday.
Listen to our new song Lying at www.purevolume.com/holidayparade it should be on iTunes at some point tomorrow!
Woot.
Time to cut grass.
can I be in it?
We'll definitely add it to the list.
Any excuse for Diana to break out the makeup or for Michael to die again!
Omg im just tweeting tweeting you .
Don't give me that attitude!
Corduroy.
Good word.
Say it out loud, sounds nice.
whew.
I'll check the theater website to see what it says about set times
You should be delivering thought leadership blogs not pictures from your CEO's vacations.
I'm tired of all this Alexis doctorma.
Let make his own choices.
Sure I'm not a huge fan of her but I'm not ganna hate.
Aww i love you :D
wtf is wrong with you!?
Just go explore the airport and dance through the terminal haha
Aww, thanks sweetie!
RT : it's because the Mark Shale girls are there :
Heading to forum!
It should be fun!
.
AAS3rdCentury Right, but I feel the gap missing in the conversation at places like this is more the good of Google than the bad.
campaigntech Q: How close are we to 100 matching between offline voter professorles and IP addoctorss?
WoahIts2012 WhatAboutTheFirstAmendment?
they cannot afford tickets.
it sucks.
life sucks.
everything sucks.
We are doing our best!!
RT : everyone follow the best sports agency in the game...
Wanna go to bed with an even 1530.
see what happens when you mess with sucias!
Gotta go to the vet for that medication son!!!
Lol
LOL  NBC, Days of our Lives will be seen at 3:04 AM
Go with the purple and go low.
that's how I feel about editing video...
Looks great!
Sounds like our kind of TV show ;
I'm welcome home now walk off grand slam and the Mets lose.
First Cubs Game Today :D
Good one!
RT : A7 Only focusing on pushing products and not actually listening or engaging with customers
Do you have a minute to chat about UbD and CCSS?
We're looking at returning to UbD framework in county.
What is your cheating policy teachers?
At the gym with my little sis.
Time to work on our fitness!
Stick to sports ;
Join us tonight at Busby's West in Santa Monica!
doctornks 1 doctornks
No stress..
babygirl you deserve nothing but the best
Chances multiply if you grab them...
no, we didn't win the award ...
this year!
Here we come next year!
I'm goodie.
How are you?
yeah, it looks cold out there!
cursed snow!
Hahahaha.
That's hilarious.
Or John Mayer.
yes indeed, got a part time evening gig myself
it's so hot in my room.
d:
He has never let you down, Why start to worry now?
He is the Lord of all we see And He is still the Loving Father Watching over you and me!
I think I'm just gonna watch It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia and smoke a bowl.
PSA Portal 2 is 6 on Steam.
oh wait.
Everyone owns it already because it's the greatest game ever made.
UT auditions for the Last Five Years going on right now.
so i'm tabling.
it's slightly lonely : nonetheless
Such A True statementRT : Life is easier when you can be who you are.
This week's most confusing sentence award goes to: The Darkness is currently touring Australia  will open for Lady Gaga later this year.
Oh look, the Clippers are whining and flopping and running their mouths again.
have some what pops?
:
Is it bad that i check my unfollowers every day?
LOL
Who ever said I wasn't?!?
They were blue and resembled Zoë Saldana  Sigourney Weaver.
Could've been worse.
:
I know what you meant.
I meant I don't know why I keep at it.
:
Where's a good spa at?
you can spend so much time regretting the past but there is nothing you can do to change it, what is done is done.
Commentators have to sound interesting, and not just like a parrot.
Any frontbencher gets talked about that way eventually.
1 thing I HATE.
Guys cheating behind their girl's back.
I feel the need to stab someone when I see that.
Studio move day!
The upside is, if you're clowns, that implies there might be pie at some point ...
I should change my bio
When you poop in your doctorams, you poop for real.
theres always that 'what if'
No afternoon plans!
Other than going to see
Swearing is like farting in public.
You know you shouldn't do it, but sometimes it just slips out.
wish i could've went to chicago with mah homies, but family calls :P

feeling unwanted 
: I HATE THE HONEY BADGER Honey Badger Don't Care.
Honey Badger Does What He Wants.
I'm sorry to say they can't Wayne.
The only thing liberals and logic share, is an L.
Young men and girls, old people and childoctorn together.
Let them praise the name of Yahweh, for his name alone is sublime Psalms 148:12,13
Used WordPress and Anthologize in teaching a faculty seminar last week.
Easy to use Anthologize.
Faculty and students making ePubs.
BOYCOTT LeBron James' selection show on ESPN.
It's not like he will ever win an NBA title.
Nonleader, nonchampion mentality.
PENALTY too many men on the field.
How about granting a wish Cloris?
Look us up doll!
This may not be the worst loss of the year, but it is certainly the most painful.
WaysToMakeAGirlSmile Treat her like a friggin lady you dicks.
Congrats to the grads of  the rest!
work.
laundoctor.
work.
sleep.
some get stuck at before and call it after
What's up with straight guys and yoohoo?
Really excited...
Get to see Blake in action tonight.
we were there all day Friday then all day Saturday, until the big storm and our tent flooded.
we left 9:30
wow really now..lol RT Why is there something wrong w/ my door and I'm locked in my house tho???
is not amused by this weather
Lol!
Lemme know if you do!
He eluded my visual eyes!!
agreed.
Though maybe I want to be wherever Saby is.
People keep talking about
Last weeks voting winners: mister.
Philippines IntlLiza Schneider, Miss South Africa IntlHelga Barkhuizen  Miss Teen NV IntlCourtney Critz!
WeLoveLouisTomlinson because without him, Larry would just be Harry!
plan.
U do that, I take ur place.
lol no.
Is he doing work?
Lol
I just don't want anyone to leave.
So...
are you in?!!!
C'mon give us some insight on Peyton  Will the Titans get him?
Students shouldn't count on teacher responses outside of school day.
Teachers have a life too.
I dunno.
I meant who from the MLB roster will be sent down.
Hope its no injury.
shrugs
is contemplating throwing the printer out of the office window...
only it's a skylight and I'm worried it'll fall back down on my head
haha!
I was just doctornking one!
And dear students: I have many, many students.
You are not a special snowflake.
I haven't memorized your grade...
so look it up.
Today's Groupon Says it's almost Onionesque.
Well done.
Watchen the movie the help it is a good movie soo far :
Heck no.
IrfanView is it for me.
: MS Paint; the quickest/best logo resizing  file type changing tool there is.
No seriously.
I be wildinn like capital one what is in your wallet?
now that I've got all these important people following me, I feel compelled to say something important.
Soon come!
From the site's strong visual aesthetics, I would have never guessed that.
Congrats on the win.
It was a great game.
Love you Jake you did a great job today
ME TOO!
DaTechGuy is right.
We are all Andoctorw Breitbarts today.
We wish you could be here for the fun.
We pray we do you proud.
Think that we got more time, when we're falling behind.
Gotta make up our mind.
even more of a reason to go back to the menil and sit in the cy twombly galleries.
rip cy.
absolutely a favorite.
RT : And congrats to you too, Jen!
RT : congrats, , , ,  the rest of the MITH staff!
My internet is finally back.
Thank god.
I'm coming home Cali!!
Waking up in 4 hours for the MS bike ride.
75 miles with and as spectator :s lol
We've developed a decent answer to the PerGB witch hunt.
Call Capstone Advisory Group's new Electronic Discovery Practice for details.
is watching Taxi...
you're so cute!
:
Dude, Pinterest and it's wait list can suck it.
Hurry the fuck up I need to like nail mustaches!
man.
jared's not gonna get any play now.
Thank fucking christ.
I've only been using pinterest for personal use.
Anyone personally see benefits out there for professorssional use?
my oneeyed kid could do that.
Awesome, I really look forward to hearing from you!
:
Monkeys  Llamas was pretty baller, even though hindsight Disney probably would of sued us...
Barack Hussein Obama always despised the CIA and the military.
Now he's taking credit for their hard work.
What a fool and joke you are.
RT..I will DM Liam for everyone who RT'd this.
somehow that link goes to 's campaign
Rise and Shine 
Thank you for being firkin awesome.
Mischievous Brown
agreed.
But the train and trolley get you pretty close.
It will be great to have something to look forward to in middle of June!
It will probably be a while before I do another trip.
It's the 1st of the month!
Time to think about changing your furnace filter if you haven't recently!
One day I'll play at SXSW...one day.
Havin school dis week is pointless
Yay it's firstthursday but can it stop raining please!!
RT Vote for in her portfolio application for the year's most compelling art, photography  design
my condolence and prayers go out to you and your family!
Attention everyone, has a voice that could make a wolverine purr.
Go buy him on
Avoid water stains  let EcoChic take care of your baby!
Get a 20 or  discount!
Call 9284848  ask for our raining day specials!
:
can i plz get sum followasss!!!
When you first are really interested or attracted to someone, It's something you can't control even if you want to.
OMG.
That's a stomach ache in a bun!!!
Lol RT : mustard, tomato, sport peppers, onions  relish...
Pens need Fleury to be Fleury of reg season, hes not.
Hes Fleury of games 13.
Getting scary here.
Again, have to respond quick or byebye.
I have no idea what that even means.
Crazy talk.
It starts with the idea of another origin story giving me hives,  nothing past that has swayed me the other way.
I can't believe she paid you.
I need to not over analyze and quit being such a sensitive little bitch.
I need to just chill yo
Is it jus me or does rick ross look like dem monkeys frm da wiz....
people smoke weed to get high i smoke weed to feel normal
Congrats to Ronnie Moss RRAC Player of the week.
I think we have a shot at national player of the week next week !!
Genius does little good to those of us who can't master basic functions such as sleeping.
What doesn't kill you, makes you stronger 3
Oh, it's that I feel you
he put his 2 cents in about the saints, saying they should be stripped of their SB title cuz of the bounty thing
re: Altura.
The food was good, the service was amazing!
bitch ill spell it how I want to hoe....
Who gone pop me
Well I love them more than you and
Losing your headphones and having to use a different pair, it's just not the same.
They feel different right?
Kk nite bros need to pass out now...me thinks one more pic of someone hot
Day of fireworks and beer.
And fighting off tyranny and oppression
Girl please!
had a great time hanging and chatting with you!
Thank for the invite!
Safe and productive travels.
Xoxo
onlyskinnyppl come out side looking like Wesley snipes off demolition man
is it just me or does it feel like spring outside in michigan in january
Aw how cute.
Okay.
You like it though right?
Hey wats up
how u doin ms.lady
Stuffed Pepper Soup, Cheese Cilantro, Pork  doctornken Bean Enchiladas, Warm Dulche De Leche Toffee Cake or Banana Chocolate Chip Ice Cream
Know what, celebrities?
Your perfumes are wack!
All of them!
It's almost lunch time!!!
Make your way to  for a great meal!!!
The firestonedistrict is waiting for you!!!
had to take my truck to the dealership...why are u up
Dan the coffee man who shares with cancer patients is amazing!
I'm inspired
Hey what an amazing job recycling an old warehouse into a 600sq ft break room.
That could easily be repurposed space to live!
Bengals just lowered Boom for instate help at running back.
Good value in the former Buckeyes star Dan Herron in sixth round
Hope It Don't Rain Tommorrow.
.
RT: Why do the weekends always go by so fast and the weekdays so slow?
Yes, it is a cruel trick!
Need Textbooks?
The easiest way to find your course book information is to sign onto PatriotWeb.
I think i saw a ghost tonight at work, glad i got my rape horn
ff two lovely and talented ladies,  !
kate!
I miss you!
does softball start soon?
when I have a free Saturday I'll come and cheer you on!!
xo
ya once u get 2 beers in you ur a riot 2 chains voice
lol yeah doctorwing, photography, photoshop, all that good stuff
sschat edtech I really started using it with twitter...you can email tweets to your evernote account  the webclipper.
sister is screaming litteraly SCREAMING at the top of her lungs...
cause people are awkward like that!
lol!
:P
well of course.
I'm just being hopeful and kind.
Maybe we can get some good vibes going amongst our
I have long hair, and I do not care...
Two of a kind....the main reason we blew each other mind...
I signed your Twitition, love!
I really hope y'all get the tour in your city!
:
i at least need 1000 followers by the end of the week can i do it ....everyfollowcounts lol
we should!
but how?
when exactly is the deadline for the challenge?
The more you listen, the more you get out of it, but how to get over the initial what's this hump?
If the media is behind somebody, then you know they're bad.
If the media is against somebody, then you know they're good.Alex Jones
Landed on spot in Geeque palace online Mag May Edition every move I make Im grateful for...
You just never know where it will take you
Is someone ready for tomorrow night???
I have no idea what's going on what did E!
news say?!?!?!
Did anyone record it or know where I can see it?!?!
damn, I was trying to be quiet!
:
Thanks for the correction  6:30 p.m.
Mossberg: Began as a hobbyist learned to code and use computers on side while covering national security for the Journal
Lets do it: 25 Jumping Jacks complimented with a 30second Wall Sit.
Looks packed!
We're so glad it's summertime again.
We love Bike Nites!
BestSpongebobQuotes at least I'm safe inside my mind :
MC Ride is officially one of my favorite lyricists
One species of hummingbird weighs less than a penny for those who care :
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT....HOUSTON'S BEST FEMALE ENTERTAINMENT!!!!
counts down the HotFacebook5At8 at 8 tonight w/ tix to get into our Meet  Eat w/ from AmericanIdolSeason10 LISTEN!
My mouth to God...tonight I met The Missing Link...
You look so cute and emo hiding behind your coffee.
LOL
mister.
Farris would be so proud
how are u
spent last 2hrs researching antiaging possibilities from Aubrey de Grey  implications of singularity from Ray Kurzweil.
mind is spinning!!
Gonna change my picture to CoLS book cover for tomorrow
Hope everything is ok and they get you more information soon!
when u coming home bro?
what up brother its a good game so far
if only all of our accounts had that delicious power.
the iPhone seems a blessing and cross to bear for sprint.
But longterm beneficial.
We once knew a man who washed and waxed his new car every Sunday afternoon for 10 years
you ALWAYS tweet me Hey You P
I cannot express how much I love Kirko Bangz
dear chandelier?
Never heard of them.
What kind of music do they play??
Thanks for the follow!
Any plans for the weekend?
is he chelsea's best addition?
What's the score?
he's on tv right now.
And he's doing horrible things to the Lakers.
Apparently you don't want no puss nuggets
so is this jesus cardenas or jose preciado?
R u also consultants?
are you too good for your home?!?!
Answer me!!!
Going riding tomorrow instead of going to school!
Yayyyy.
lmao yo I had them nachos with the Hint Of Lime tostitios chips  woah dere!
hit the spot haah
Yes, yes you do RT : Need a new iPod....
Real bad.
: Easiest way to stop giving a fuck?
Never start.
advice taken
Last day with the iPad test doctorve.
I'm going to be so sad tomorrow morning...
:
so tired of being super duper busy.
need this vacation.
Oh, you're THAT kind of aunt.
RT the best way is to just give them socks!
Lads are better mean that nice and cheesy
If I wanted all the news to be about Greece, Egypt, and China, I'd have lived 2500 years ago.
if that technology ever comes to text messaging, I'm screwed.
oh my I bet poor girl having to come back to THIS..
It's
this is keyshawn
I'm heading to tonight, may have to try those olives I've heard so much about.
Plus a 1/2 price bottle of wine.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Just listened to the Director of Reinvent the Wheel on NPR.
The poor live among other poor?
Um, StatingtheObvious.
Where to go from here?
All louisville fans follow
Indeed.
They were my favorite band for all of the 90's and most of the 00s
UK training rodents 2 clear landmines great initiative but new Commander of famous Desert Rats may have surprise at first troop inspection!
freelance tip: breakfast IS important.
press my follow button please,?
It would mean the world to me 3 xx,
He's thirsty
SAY!!
I N33D SOME
This bitch waited for me to get close then she pulled out in front of me!
What are you fuckin retarded!
!
Why do teenagers say they are doing something when they are really on facebook?
Get your work out in today!
what time will they appear?
: I love spending my Saturday night studying 
They sure don't : mocks don't doctorft RT a lot of mocks have Kuechly falling past 15, why wouldn't the Birds jump on this?
haha I'm wondering where you saw this!
Tweet me it
I don't know if I should do it or not
niggas hittin us with the mass text.
okay then c:
For all myLearning users and admins  we are experiencing some issues w/the LMS.
Working on a solution; hope to resolve in the next 30 min.
Albon: Civil society must take the first step govts generally don't reach out first.
DeadToMe RT : I'm having an anti music afternoon.
Full catalog of
The reason to not take things personally is to understand that what people say about you is a reflection of them  not you
Leaving for Arizona on Friday.
Going from mild weather to a sauna.
Yikes.
he just sent a very similar tweet.
Happy FF to our new friends at The friendliest ladies you'll ever meet...and they take gorgeous photographs to boot!
never could get into that show
If you was so real then why tweet about doctorma just go handle it internetthugs just want attention
I giggle every time I order a Tall Blonde
Learning two languages.
Slide guitar and Italian.
Still not sure which is harder to speak competently.
I bet they are gameyer than chucken.
Don't get me wrong I would love to see him lose.
But the man is good.
And now, a break from emails and powerpoint  sitting in on the Explorer's Symposium.
I hate doctorving in bad weather..
Ugh.
So glad to be home!
Its such a small world.
The awakened sages call a person wise when all his undertakings are free from anxiety about results  Gita
Radiohead tickets  check.
Who else is going?
so cant wait for my shoot tomorrow i got a whole team makeup ,hair ,fashion stylist the whole thing ...wow !!!!!!!!!
Cool.
My mom went to the City with out me.
Espresso Coffee has just 33 of the caffeine gravity of ordinary coffee.
we've got a little mafia going on
FOH, dickhead.
your grandpa sell bootleg, the only thing you knocking out Is yourself, LOL.
2nite BOILER ROOM  2723 Elm St.
Dallas  Live RB/Hip Hop/Poetry event  FREE b4 9pm!!
Spcl guests hitting the stage Kitchen open!
won a snuggie!
sweet!
so glad you got the game.
Can't wait to hear what you think!
been working on everything !
meeting next weekend for our new collection ...
will soon need male / female models in the miami area
I am encouraged by all the positive feedback and the 411,000 that was committed to Luis Palau Association Tuesday night.
Thank you Lord.
6WordSciFiStory  The Mechanical shall inherit the Earth.
Dear , THANK YOU for tab groups that make my commandT happiness more socially acceptable!
QUESTION!!!!!!
Will you stop by Kentucky on your way?
It's really close!
Hey  thx for the follow!
MT Good point...
: , it's ALWAYS ski season in your mind!
Cheetah, cheetah, cheetah, cheetah!
omg it was harry all along.
How many pounds of pepperoni are consumed in America each year?
First to answer correctly wins a FREE BEER PARTY!
Fantastic.
RT : I just spoke to J.R.
Smith.
He confirmed that he's nearing a deal with the New York Knicks.
so sry bro.
been very busy doin yard work  gettin stuff for mons surprise party.
ill email today or tomorrow :
My fav snacks when running around: string cheese, almonds, doctored apricots, puffins cereal: Put everything in a bag  GO!
Bout 2 go parkheights on somebody
Totally agree w/  the show was AWESOME!
SHOW JAN 28th Denver lets bring it.
Enjoyed tweet chatting with you!
Stop by any time you want to chat about books.
Join me next month on Nov 1st at 7PM EST.
for my mom  my dad
SanDiego has been so grey lately.
I could see myself winning on The Price Is Right someday...
Now that on the ipod its about
Any New Grub In San Diego To Talk About?
Show some FollowFriday love to our friends
Stands to reason that Universities would become far Whiter because the HS graduation rate for blacks are headed lower.
Lol Stepboys are the best crew for me so far
Time for a redesign.
Create/edit my own or purchase a Wordpress theme?
aight i resent them so let me know ..aight bro
I think my Twitter finally switched over.
Looks different with things on the left vs the right.
I liked the right side!
great day for Reds Opening Day!
Wish I was coming too!!
Enjoy and can't wait to hear about it!!
No I didn't : !!
She has a CD now that you can get online and practice at home !
Is really good !
It's on her twitter !!
Xo
I'm back in La Porte for good.
Get at me.
Miley never did a Twitcam and Miley's fans need it!
Please, ask her.
TwitcamMileyCyrus for TT!
We're currently only available in the US Appstore but will be opening up to more countries very soon :
Paula Deen restaurant in my home town?
Good, that place lost its southern charm when the Shoney's closed down 20 years ago
RT : SQUIRTER OF THE YEAR GOES TO IN HER APPEARANCE : and
Or a guy crouched in the bushes doctornking his own pee.
It's nurses day today and nurses week this week, RIP to my late mother and grandma who were nurses along with myself and my fellow nurses
If I wasn't home alone, I would whine until someone brought me a glass of water.
It's a small town in Minnesota
I love thunderstorms and lightning, but not when I'm trying to sleep!
I roll with the pecan waffle and slab of country ham myself.
Good morning
ive officially transmitted aids guys!
I wanna go on a cruise
Pickup Line: I'd like to kiss you passionately on the lips, then move up to your belly button.
There, I said it.
Now time to make a change!
Has anyone ever been denied the right to be themselves?
If so, please say how you were denied.
Where ya at, Paul?
and knows how to peel them back.
No posing just exposing authenticportraits BOOM!
Tolltaker on 400 just wished me a blessed sunday.
Hey lady, u r sittin in a steel box on a hwy for 8 hrs/day.
Save your prayers 4 yourself.
have u ever wondered why boobs are so attractive..they are just big bags of fat...o well, i love those big bouncy bags of fat!!!
m
Sad day for Beastie Boys fans, MCA dead at 48.
Hubby got early copy of Enchantment.
Great!
Neither mind ur focus on hockey.
Go Dallas Stars and SJ Sharkies!
My stomach is seriously not happy with my decision to eat Chinese food on Cinco de Mayo.
I want to get henna on my hands.
c:
I want to hear the term monopoly on violence.
Sneaking out at 10 and coming home at 4  Sleeping what !
Well I mean, almost all of my friends are virgins.
But I've always got MyOneVirginFriend that you can just tell hasn't gotten laid...
LOL:
This Is All Your Fault.
To be entrusted with the teaching of the young is a great gift and grace of God.
Are you kidding?
6 year old kid in a home made hot air balloon in Colorado!
I bet the dad is in jail tonight!
They made all the girls quit twerkin' :
Best Sales Company Ever  CustomerThink
Your a good dude.
Everybody follow  One of our favorite bands to play with.
It's so beautiful out.
C:
I'll be yer friend may 7th when I come home 
Wow.
Nevermind.
The classic
a song from the upcoming album is uploaded!
together with the info on the project Equinox!
check out MySpace!!!
1st off like to thank for giving me some followers
Why can't guys treat a girl with respect, obviously they are just not mature enough to keep a girl.
Oh wait all of the are not mature.
Uh, certified baddie TVD Go TeamSalvatore!
All my exs live in texas like im george stright.
Or they go to georgia state where tution is handled by some random nigga .
Okay I really need to go to bed now
Incomparable is a vast overstatement.
But glad you thought the post worth talking about.
everytime u tweet im amazed at how random u r...
Like u have a reset button on ur mind tht just jumps to a new topic?
Haha
Officially addicted to scandal.
And weirdly makes me realize I'm going to miss DC.
: lying on the kitchen floor crying because there is nothing good to eat.
I love when I look at you and your already looking at me.
is Michelle going today?
I'm in!
Lol
The ageold theory in warfare is that the best place to be is the high ground, from which you can see and attack your enemies.
i leave next week:P
can't wait to jump in the action with Food Truck Wars
he said his wife didn't know much until about April.
Okay if your making bad rumors about me then unfollow me cause 1.idc 2.your just an immature bitch : 3.your to scared to come and confess
Random van ride home from wiz concert.
what other celebs
: no biggie!
Haha
In line for outside the show.
Ah...LA.
How's business so far in 2012?
Happy Valentines Day everyone
New shop coming to you, Portland, OR..NW 5th and Couch..April 1st!
Dearest fizzyfamily and , I'm so sorry I haven't been on in a while.
BUT, I'm back now 3
We miss you too!
dr
We are!
Trying to increase Facebook presence should be a shared goal of historic house museums
Ok will you take to be your lovely wedded wife to hold and to keep and to love and to have trust
thanks!
Found him.
:
yeah, dude my dad listens to him
Listening to intros
mla wii..my spring break is soon..on doit de voir
omg change it!!!
haaha xD but it kinda seems interesting
I don't have any feelings, my heart's paralyzed 
Buying tickets with my momma.
Good luck to us !
I just wanna go home and listen to punk goes pop
Word on the street is that 1 of Spokane's finest 27 will be here for Cougar week in Spokane and might bring friends
Offense, defense, special teams, coaching.
If they win 4 games I'd be shocked.
yes sir, I have to support my man though
MOTHER OF GOD.
ALL FANFICTIONS ARE SCARY DO NOT READ ANYMORE
Goods morning everyone!
Hope you all have a rockin Wednesday!
Brilliant observation!
tweet feed debuts on Thursday.
Live tweets on ten at 10:00
Blowing out bday candles for Mick and Stanley today
so u aint following ya boi no more cuddie?
I can tell...
haha
Beautiful day in Platteville for the Six Rivers Conference prep track and field meet at UWPlatteville.
My philosophy: The best negotiations are when both sides come away feeling like they have won.
that man is crazy with that snake
I need a Eurythmics cover of Harrison's Living in the Material World.
Someone call Dave and , STAT.
Wow, I really really need a new computer.
In less than two weeks I will be having the moment I've been waiting for since I became a directioner.:
If you think you're free, there's no escape possible.
Ram Dass
I called it.
hahah o my unicorns
Glad you liked it.
Does it really rain as much in Seattle as the TheKilling portrays it?
omg I love buckwheat pancakes too !
but waffles it is !
I choose quotes based on what is said rather than who says it most of the time.
Nothing personal :
you would be a saint if my faith permitted
yuk...
With new covers they'll be hot commodities
Looking forward to taking my Honey to screening of movie What to expect when you're expecting on his Birthday.
Man my stomach hurts .
Need more tatts.!!!!!
I just started listening to 'Bossypants'It's going to be a good day.
west la, could you have any less character?
Had an amazing time at IFWF2012 congrats to , you guys did an unbelievable job !
cool, its a good look.
I'm around though.
Then don't get on twitter for like an hour or more and go study.
You have work to do.
i cannot wait for PLL to start omg
Too many guys in fedoras.....
The end
I'll be in the video:
S/O to the Talking Heads
is paralyzed from eating a big plate of nachos
ha doo tags
Adopting the right attitude can convert a negative stress into a positive one  Hans Selye
Anyone wanna give me a shoutout?
Hehe
: Reading on a rooftop :its a nice weather hear in cali dont ya think n nice that ur reading
I think it is closer to Following or Subscribing than Friending.
Still trying to figure it out.
the pr session was really helpful.
Grease is the word!
Jessie Tsai speaking on major transcription project of calligraphy diaries and how they made them accessible  relevant online.
: S/O showing me love with the unfollow haha same here
Your only cool if your
isn't narcissist/marxistdandy preferable to straight up hypocrite?
Economic Actions detached from marxist rhetoric :
UGH, Google has finally taken away my ability to avoid their new Gmail design.
: I don't like it, I want my old Gmail back!
:
What are you doing?!
Alas, poor Scott Van Pelt, destined to be just another guy at tWWL.
So be it.
best quarterback of the year.
thingsyoudontsaybeforesex ...hang on baby, I gotta fart!
Thanks so much for following me!!: 3
Not gonna lie, i'm totally jealous of everyone who got to stare at Tom Ford at the Terry Richardson opening tonight.
It's a Mayer Hawthorne kind of day...
Please also follow !
:
Im hungry but i wanna go to sleep
Wore purple today not even realizing it was SpiritDay!
Nice to know I'm supporting a good cause now!
I grab my own ass sometimes not realizing it so I def know what u mean: : I'm sexually harassing myself.
Also would like info about co.'s vision statement and annual report for 2010 to determine long term viability.
Thanks.
sigh ..
i want to go back to bed now
Did we ever get an answer re: badges?
Male extras still needed for a video shoot on Saturday morning in Chicago.
Email the director for more info: .
Dont tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results.
George Patton
Instead of the 5 second rule, I use more of a 5 person ruleDid less than 5 people see me pick up food from the ground  put it in my mouth?
It's the first day of spring!
May I wear white now?
Life is all about relationships.
Live with selfhonesty, selfrespect, selflove, and all your relationships will be a reflection of that.
We have great deals on online leads.
What a day...
What a week...
And it's gunna be a night
thanks for the mendeley info
yep.
It's the last thing that doesn't really come across.
Maybe that's why it's so startling.
:
Thanks for ruining my mood 
Man, I'm windering who it was now.
That is weird now that you said he was muggin all of us.
RT : Another Person shouldnt complete you, You Should complete Yourself!
Five quick takes: Recent wins strip lingering residue from Spurs losing streak
I have that info for you!
Do you have an email addoctorss I can send it?
I am about to head out for lunch soon, but can send after.
women jokes
SALE,SALE,SALE
: let me hear another track !
What you wanna hear?
:
what's up you ..
long time no see..
ill be in town soon ..
let's link ..
Thanks for the follow Benjamin.
Great to be connected.
just had too return on here
loves to laugh and feast
glee Missed it so much!
How should you pay a contractor who is working on your home?
Is a deposit necessary?
How much is reasonable?
EZ, I answer this in the book
gawd, it smells like upsexy in here what the fuck is upsexy??
nothing much, how about yourself?
;
Very welcome!
Have a good one!.....wait.
It's so nice out, why are we inside?
Thrilled to be at South County Economic Development Summit with two big Bills.
Lockyer AND Walton in the same room.
Allegedly, there is a loose cobra in the Sheraton...SXUGnewsjack I'm taking it home if I find it.
They all left :
I'M GONNA TWEET REBECCA BLACK AND GET HER TO ANSWER ME LMFAO OK.
Which iPhone app do you use the most?
Your still loosing your baby teeth...your not in love, nor have you ever been in love.
That little ache in your heart as you're leaving for work is love at work.
Where would you go for a lastminute not too fancy dinner in Richmond?
RT : You're a year older than me?
you must be so experienced.
tell me how Life was like back then
Life is shared with Struggle.
Its up to you if its shared with failure or triumph
you be pop locking to classical music huh.
Lol
Popcorn has more antioxidants than fruits and vegetables
Judging by my '90s wardoctorbe, I was chockfull of fear and did not have what it took to run with the Big Dogs.
: When ppl see me thy say i look mean.
Naw bitch i dont play.
..
Thats all
and i think its gonna stay that way haha
I am almost irrationally frustrated by the fact that our clothes doctorer is broken.
here it's so far so good, but worried about family further south in Kansas.
They've had warnings  damage I'm hearing about.
you sure?
We should try and trend MAHOMIE 4 LIFE : Who wants to help!?
Kayla
I love when Google Alerts lets me know that Urban Village Church showed up on the Urban Village Church web site.
It's better to cry than to be angry: Anger hurts others while tears flow silently thru the soul  cleanses the heart.
I'm excited for this summer yeah!!!
Richard Edelman arrives at the Atlanta office tomorrow.
Excited to hear his insights.
Thank you jeremy!:
maybe in SB it is.
X not in LA
Anyone know how to text directly from my phone, to my evernote?
welcome to my house party party
i followed you.
please follow and for an instantfollow back
Good Morning!

twitter crush 3 your the cutest and ur smile is beautiful
what u playing NBA ?
Murder,Forcible Rape,Robbery, and Aggravated assault
Monday Funday...Back to work!
When hitting it from the back, try sliding your thumb in her butt!
If she let's you, just know that she'll do whatever U want her too  more
As an avatar it could offer a neat ambivalence: One day I'm a crafty crow, the next day a tragically eviscerated bunny
Palaver redirect in place.
Apparently I just forgot to add that one.
Sorry :
If you look at my timeline you'll see the time I named a religious group, I used quotes.
Otherwise I said random wingnuts
you better!
: I'm so excited to go!!!
Paper jam.
Magenta is low.
Only one worker.
Outta diet dew in the machine....
just another night in Kinko's....
Today is going to be a great day.
Because I said so.
How are you doing Chris?
You are my favorite young actor.
I look up to you and you inspire me.
Please keep n touch.
TTYL ;
and yeah, i just searched one direction in my gmail.
.
Great seeing and meeting last night!
Are you thinking of me right now?
Yeah..
I know you are...
Trash talked by many,hated by some.guess how many fucks I give ?
It's less then one ....
none son !!!
I'm a stepper fool !!!
Back to the long ass schedule tomorrow
how about you do my homework then?!
lmaoooo
PhiMAThanks for another great panel discussioninsight and examples of tangible social media marketing
I guess karma has arrived lol......
Happy Memorial Day weekend!
Please follow the BEAUTIFUL  TALENTED who did a FANTASTIC performance  looked amazing last night!!!
:
FF In honor of mother's day, here a few great moms!
and Happy Mother's Day
nothin much u
just wrote chuck at the marco island city council
no.
You text me
Looks like Buster Posey is slated to be back behind the dish full time.
Hector Sanchez lone backup catcher left on roster.
Having a thoughtprovoking conversation about technology and learning at the Acer complex in San Jose, CA.
I would so much rather listen to all the players mic'd up than Reggie Miller complain about the dunk contest all night
thanks for the follow!
have you also followed us on facebook?
they totally just rocked my pants right off
working on an essay, then leading to listening to oldies on youtube.
???
Have you found having thousands of followers on Twitter has significantly translated to your book sales?
Enjoy
LENNY KRAVITZ AS CINNA?
WHAT THE ACTUAL ?
face palm
Heading to Schmooze PDX tonight.
Hope to see familiar faces and meet a new ones :
Nf Followback please, looking to network
hey justin ppl are calling you justin belieber
SO to the dude blasting Miley's 'The Climb' next to me in Memorial.
Nice change up from that Broadway garbage though...
Love Energy Savings are proud to work with E.ON as they will not...
E.ON will not increase home energy their prices in 2012.The Queen has
I'll definitely be watching!
Jose Theodore.
Freaking wall.
Didn't you graduate already???
lol
I have come here to chew bubble gum and kick ass...
and I am all out of bubble gum.
hope things are going well for you!
Happy Birthday to You!
Wishing you many more!
Stay safe out there, too!
The majority of mom and pop business is owned by foreign investment within Black hoods.
A threat the Nat.
security.
Obama is cool with this.
WHAT???
When were you going to tell me about this bish??
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge.
Thomas Carlyle
you can say that again
Ughh I really don't want to go to school tomorrow /:
Working on a Design proposal tonight.
Any great resources/tips?
ugh bitch, wtf are u lukn at !
dam can i have my face back !
Duran Duran is probably a way better band than you remember.
I have Girls On Film stuck in my head.
I love your birthday idea.
I hope you'll share on twitter so I can RT the heck out of it.
xoxo
My babysister likes to hold my hand even when she's sleeping c':
The game has been pushed back to tomorrow at 1pm.
The NCAA deemed the field unplayable due to snow.
You're welcome for the follow!
i'd think the bar name 'Heavy Fossils' would have been a clue!!!
:
Name that lil baby bentley
Happy Friday FF and Best shows on MTV never a dull moment!
Have a great weekend!
no that's such a bummer
A simply apology would have been nice but I guess that's too hard for people to do these days!
Tune into tonight at 9 CT for the Selection Show!
see....
can't be a fan of coupling up on the TV...
mine always die.
The two I knew left journalism for, ahem, PR.
It's probably because of your affinity for crabs.
RT I feel the most inspired when I'm near the ocean.
I love the beach!
MT : Help a reporter out!
Anybody know of research on what  of college students change their major at least once?
Tailgate Tuesday at Dan McGuiness in Nashville  tomorrow at 6pm sharp!
suspension of any and all scholarships!
and I am in lovely Saskatoon...
who ordered all the rain?
Where am I going to live???
SERIOUSLY, WHERE?
and the holocaust?
you should come to San Antonio for golfing great weather right now!
And DVDs too, depending on the church...mine also streams.
Armchair A.M.E.
Approved  But you have been warned about the info for the last time.
You sit in TimeOut, and think about what you did.
I know :/ I'm getting tired of things I like getting cancelled.
WeCantBeCoolif if you act different in front of other people
Grand Opening of REVOLUTION Saturdays Oct 1st Sounds by  Dinner Party at 9:30 to start off the night!
Reservations
I need to go kiss my posters now...
Okay no, I need to do homework.
How can I do work like this?
Ugh, I'll cop it tomorrow.
Even Javascript has a decent REPL!
1DupAllNightToNumber1 live it,love it, TREND IT!
what, no lab today?
Eatin a delicious chocolate cake with chocolate syrup so yummy jae did her thang
Kyrie is ridiculous, enough said
mine was to get sutures removed.
Blech!!
you never ask me!!
to the last stomping grounds
Dang, oomf are too gorgeous!
but not at my home :
The packers aren't that great they just find ways to win
Enjoy a naturist discount getaway 4 nights 399 visit us
Helsinki isn't quite as nice in January.
Then, neither is Portland.
I hope everything goes planned this weekend and i get to see so many faces I've missed.
Haha!
I try putting my phone/purse in my trunk when I doctorve for safety.
Even then it's difficult!
Unfortunately, yeah LOL.
P has been the best nickname I have came up with for you in 3 years.
I'll try  improve on that :P
but see I'm not so sure if soul should be devoid of color.
It's a genre that emerged out a distinctly black movement.
aw look at my background!!!
ITS SO CUTE!!!!!!
huggle kitty mwah!
i love u kitty i'd never steal from you!
yes come in Starkville
Flipping through the channels to find presenting her crime scene on a plate on Top Chef TX to Ms.
Theron
did y'all win?
I have my first soccer game tonight and i am so nervous.
I saved you a seat!!!
I can make you glad you came.
Trader Joe's opening 2/12!
it's only a mile from my house!
I'm so excited!
Police stopping cars, searching backpacks; public urged to carry on as normal.
B/c normal of course is lots of traffic stops  searches.
Big John's Cajun Cheddar goes great with noodle soup.
Wanted Director of Cinematics for a European A Games Developer  contact .uk
Missed Rothman in a better grip and grin spot on the aisle closest to the door
so sorry for your loss.
haha absolutely.
It's a great idea
I think she can sing 'shoop shoop shit' and I still can feel it
I'm riding...the whole way...
THIRD CITIZEN.
He says, for Brutus' sake, He finds himself beholding to us all.
Watching my alma mater Lehigh playing duke in the tourney.
The engineers oops mountain hawks are in a 155 run.
Thanks Moe!
Watchinng the I Love Lucy Marathon an theses OUTFITS ARE BANGIN!!!!!!
I was thinking of a Gulfstream mission but it might be not until Derby.
It will be good to mix with an Eclipse Award winner
good good.
Finished reading the HungerGames working on the 2nd book now.
I was there earlier but left around 10:30am.
Sorry!
obviously bro.
It's a women talking about sports.
A fucking goldfish knos more then them
What brings you joy?
Michael Fassbender: Sex Addict Role Toughest Yet But Stripping For Nude Scenes Was 'Embarrassing'  Showbiz News  Sky News
lol it's game time
I knew it was some site I really respected.
Thanks!
This is awesome Yis!
Congrats.
Last day of NEH DH Institute.
Some great projects made in only 4 weeks using Scalar and Hypercities!
I'm impressed and inspired.
See Kristen Stewart in NEW On The Road pictures
haha no, i wore clothing, but I think they are frowning upon my Party On shirt...oh well.
Lots of learning, so far so good
haha you can have him instead of JakeeyP
The Do you like this?
link above the subhead is DISTURBING
Extremely dope Red Bull spot.
Last night I had a doctoram IN ALL CAPS...got to lay off the coffee late in the day!
Wrong sport, Ron Artest
Birds look like they're always walking around with their hands jammed into little raincoats.
hunny im an alcoholic i don't doctornk coffee...
im angry with them!
And i refuse to support them until they change their evil ways!!
My Phone Fucked Up Again !
Lol!
RT : Hey I'd like to thank your mama  daddy  praise Jesus for your fine self.
There's a lot to do I bet you'll love it !
I love her.
Workaholics is a riot!
just the master bedoctorom
wtf did you just say lol
Happy Tuesday to you too!
Do what you do best, whether that's your job or your own gig.
MT : BREAKING NEWS: Mayor Stephanie RawlingsBlake announced retirement of Baltimore Police Commissioner Bealefeld
Only 540 shopping days left until the Mayan Apocalypse
MARK YOUR CALENDARS!
TIA'S WILL BE ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS FOR THE 2012 SEASON BEGINNING TUESDAY, MARCH 27, 2012 10AM4PM
doctorving home from Florida!!
Woozy Earth swaying like a doctornk!
restocking the high school concession stand lol
Everyone has three lives: a public life, a private life, and a secret life...
Back in the land of cheesesteaks and WRTI for only a couple days
Frankie's Nachos anyone?
Freshly made tortilla chips, cheese, hot giardinera, and italian beef!
Serving them starting tomorrow!
Forecast for Thursday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening then low clouds and fog.
Lows 54 to 59.
Light winds.
Thanks man.
Go Cats!
RT : Takin my lunch n listening to on the radio
Had so much fun playing pool tonight!
I'm gettin' bettah!
Beautifully said, David.
Happy 2012!
preciate it fool
At the
It's definitely one of my fave places, too!
And I love how it looks different every season.
My house is so hot .
Follow us on Twitter 
Plz follow me i have much to ask and tell you.
It's very unprofessorssional to discuss how much you got paid on certain projects.
Especially if you're lying.
I'm having a good time in Seattle!
Going to Folklife this afternoon.
Tomorrow going to visit Keli's school.
Get rich or die tryin  8 Mile
Congratulations to Michigan State University Spartans men's basketball team for defeating the University of Michigan 6454.
Go
Trying not to be jealous of y'all.
I grew up in Knoxville and remember class retreats at Tremont yrs ago
omg i kno0w!!!
My little sister singing round of applause  hahaha
of course!
hopefully we will cross paths on Wed when I return :
We're working to create a page just for club and student orgs.
on our ASUP site.
Any ideas or thoughts that would be helpful?
Let us know!
Chuckie!!!!
we must hang when i return back to nyc!
Hope all is well
Creating a test environment with correctly formatted and safe data will be critical for
golden rule
Off to Tubac for Spices  2011 should be a zinger of a year.
Time to get ready.
Goodnight SteveRivers.
Thanks for mentoring, thanks for challenging us.
We'll keep playing the hits.
Waitingfor show to kick things off....
Austin.
Is amazing.:
RT : I'll bet if roaches looked like tiny polar bears, we wouldn't be so quick to stomp on them.
Just mean it wasn't actually you, in the flesh, but some tags
yay!
So glad you liked it!
cause I'm coming home, maybe we could start again
Will you ever grow up?
Right now in North Carolina there's a married man explaining to his mistress how proud he is for defending traditional marriage.
Doooood I need a chill pill
yes ma'am
Thanks dude!
doctorft week!
Are you following me, mister Thompson?
We need more offensive lineman to protect 12  bigger, faster, tougher and meaner!
Thank you, we look forward to reading more.
Thanks Matt!!
Have a great weekend..
I know after this one I'll be having a tiny celebration things are back to normal!
It's raining terrible outside, Florida weather so unpredictable.
It was bright and sunny one moment and now dark and rainy.
It's gotten to the point where fashion students unknowingly take internships with individuals who treat them badly and have no real clout.
Lets go
I was wondering why he was wearing heels!
Just bought Janet Jackson book True You can't wait to read it.
My girl Janet rocks always.
WHAT ARE YOU?
Your body condition is based on 80 what you eat and 20 exercise.
What foods do you represent?
a firm, nutrient dense, brig
Not surprising that some coaches and kids get into relationships.
More tomorrow on Portland's morning news !
Don't forget 6/18 with Weatherbox, You Me and Everyone We Know, and Childoctorn of Nova at Epicentre!
All ages and just 10 pre!
Doors at 7
To the World, you might be one person; But to one person you might mean the World ;
That's really the challenge, isn't it?
To keep learning yourself while you are helping others learn!
Hi there, I just noticed your Tweet and would like to help.
Please email us at: Thanks  Andy
I just made my uncle ask in McDonald's if they had breakfast at this time...
The guy just laughed at him..
it was my brothers friend lol
I put bars before everything!!
Best Bites Blog : Food Truck Stops: October 12
: : Pickled radishes with butter?
// salted butter....m
Today I met a 7pound blonde who took my breath away.
haha that's funny, I could picture you doing that :p
Victim alleges her father, Ut, bound her w/string during intercourse.
Intercourse was only defined as touching of parts by victim.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MOM!!!
I LOVE YOU!
WE ARE GOING TO HAVE A GREAT DAY TODAY!
U no how that is!
I do suicides on the private jet..
u know what that means?
I'm fly to death!
Wearing my Change The World tshirt is SO empowering.
Let's have a great Saturday night people.
No contact, good sportsmanship.
RT : JMacUp is a combination of 3 awesome things  Jesse McCartney, his song Up, and its for the Step Up 3D movie
I know like ur pussy hasnt had a dick in it since March.
TheFacts
is that the song from old school??
Or sampled from that song?
IwantSomebody that can and will handle me at my worst
I know i remember i was so upset!
she is the best thing that could have happend to me, she is wonderful!
imu too :
RT Open until 12am.
Come on in.
We have chocolate tres leches cake tonight!
Congratulations on your broest tweet ever.
This might be the best game the Knicks have played THIS DECADE.
looking forward to night tonight w/my girls
Only a week until YAL National Convention!!!
Can't wait!
Red or Grape Kool Aid??..
Of course!
: RT Would you two mind giving your support to ?
They dont realize what they have.
How are u feeling?
How hard is it to find SANDSTONE?
Slap me in the tush...
I am trending..eat it Seth.
Stefon is a household name now.
Makes you wanna say WHAT?
if Herman Cain tried to pass PMP exam, he'd fail  no planning whatsoever
In case you didn't hear, I'm breaking out the old school jersey again tomorrow.
Worked last time!!!
K, This quote has me stumped.
I'm going to need Adam Sandler and SJP to consult with me before they make the same films one more time.
Well, me, apparently.
At least according to Klout.
Here, turkey, turkey,
who all is going to our show on saturday?
We can't wait!
Watching the got a little more exciting as is punching his time card and going to work.
Headaches for sale!!
Give me good brain until you feel dumb .
Always sad when i find out friends get divorced, but also relieved that it's not my feeding the statistic does that make me a bad person?
Forecast for Tuesday Night: Cloudy with a 50 percent chance of showers.
Lows in the lower 60s.
3 more hours:P
the Skittles denote childhood innocence taken away.
I met Aaron from Ghost Adventures : fun day!
confession people always leave me after they get to know me.
SLOW: I don't think we've had a single new customer all day!
Sad last week of the month!
:
Going back to sleep and saying the alarm never went off.
i'm feeling a little tired still i'm going to see if i can go and take a nap.
this day is going too slow for me.
17 more LIKES needed.
I lost one!
my wife is sad :
And don't forget the cakeeaters!
Hi!
Your publish rocks and is often a very good understand!
I haven't thought about it.
Any ideas on what genre I should do?
figured one Zizek song was pretentious enough

ability to Show Up for others even when personal life is in shambles
new professorle pic plus background change.
your thoughts?
...because usually they are more interesting than what most people tweet about in general.
Are you a Massage Therapist or do you get a lot of massages?
We're talking massage etiquette after 7am.
It's your turn to chime in!
BIG SEAN IS IN THE BUILDING  PLAYHOUSE!!!!
This and that bout such and such, damn where is the fucking trust?
Fertility Methods Raise Risk of Birth Defects
RT : RT : Share the Love, Share the Harvest  join us make fresh, organic, locally grown fruit  vegetables.

Thanks for w00ting  we're pretty thrilled about RaceAftertheInternet, too!
RU a betting man?
Let's make it interesting!
lock switch stopped working and the USB connector shaky.Sadly they won't have a doctorid 1 in stock to replace it.
doctorid2Global!
Double!!
RT : OK, the Twitterverse gets the hint, just landed double the keg brews Come see us!
mikey can u follow me i love u so much ur my inspiration
Idk how people come on twitter and share their personal life then get mad when people are in their business.
Its my birfday!!!
Why?
You watching the premiere of The Walking Dead?
It's a funny thing you wrote.
This sucks
We like to keep people guessing ;
RT :Ask yourself,shld U spend all yr precious time stdying,researching  meditating on the What w/out having a plan 4 the WHO?
your not even up uptown then been chase you outta northview lame as stunting nigga
BSU beat the spread..
Bye bye, Flyers!
aww alex.i love you too this tweet about me is so cute.XThank you.;
Throw it down Quincy acy
GOTTA LOSE ONE MORE TO THE ROYALS FIRST.
In a loving relationship we not only offer each other love, but we also teach each other to love ourselves.
We grow a bond when growing love
RT : Submitted my orders 2b the AirForce honor guardsman at the !
So proud 2 represent all Airmen  the !
Okay .
Belks Or Target .
Big thanks to Mark Fabiani, Carrie McGonigle, Bill Lansdowne  Dennis Morgigno for leading last night's forum.
Miss it?
See
Hi JLD Bst 2 u FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
LasTimeIChecked I only have one mom and one dad, quit treating me like I'm your kid
You have to follow and now that you're a fan.
Also you should subscribe.
:
dhtrial more laughter from jury room where nic is.
Judge still with levine d.
Atty in chambers.
This is true, but sometimes Boudoctoraux looks at me like he'd slay me in a heartbeat.
A whole week?
It's gotta be better than that...!
:
thank you so much!
:D
The Indiana County Fair has been chosen by the Indiana County Tourist Bureau as Indiana County Ambassador of the Year for 2009
Getting ready for tonight!!!
What a great day!!!
Jesus I Love You
follow my personal account too i havent used it in a minute but im going to get back on it
ohh yeah.
first good night sleep in a while.
...STACEY A.
PETERSON wonders if she made the right move in coming here...
I've been revising Dan Deacon's 'Bromst' the last few days.
I don't think I appreciated it enough upon it's initial release.
Good album.
Pennsylvania is.
one.
long.
state.
deflating prices by tacking on fees is deceptive and bad for customers.
Could have had a loyal customer instead of just 400
The Mortgage Bankers Association was quick to respond to a suggestion in doctorft proposal from the CostCutting Commission.
Can't wait to hear!
RT : Love of and their wacky and very effective PR stunt!
Great case study!
Six point lead with 74 seconds to go.
C'mon Buckeyes!
Back in the ATX sippin' on a margarita w/Daniel  Myrna at Curra's.
Where else?
Print this coupon  receive 5.00 off any one unit blown or delivered and dumped www.rosecitycoupons.com/merchants/barkblowers/coupon.htm
you were in vegas?
Ohmygawd I live in vegas.
Lol.
I'm hella late.
I'm in my zone
i always try to eat crunchy food in awkward silent moments,so there is white noise in the background
Tired of Turkey?
try a special blend,big, juicy Steer In signature burger w/ homemade onion rings and hand dipped shake.
FREE delivery
All the money in the world couldnt make me happy
Awesome video!
The shout out is well deserved.
Love the painted skull in the front window.
Great touch!
I always love Austin's tweets, they have so much wisdom behind them, and they've actually helped me.
Kieran is now responding with yeses and nos.
His SLP momma is so, so proud.
this is the most perfect weather.
wish it was like this all yearround.
thanks for the RT and happy Friday!
Playoffs tonight!
Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God Matthew 5 v 8
thx for mention, hi!
I gotta warm up to you Shea dont know u dude but im getting Clay Matthews visions slowly
I can't wait until our tinychat tomorrow
Alex Pickert set to check in here for the Pioneers
Visiting our Bloody Mary  Bellini bar should be 1 on your list of resolutions.
We're open for brunch  will have normal dinner hours.
Interesting meeting about Young Writers and Family Writers programs with NVWP tonight.
They are amazing programs run by great folks.
Ooh, I have 2!
I think told us what to do with them once but I forgot so they're just sitting on a bookshelf.
Best thing I learned
I'm thankful for life, love, family and you...
Open to the unfolding of it all.
that looks like a winter glove too!
That being said, if you stop using the microwave in the middle of a timed cook, please hit the clear button so I don't have to.
They need to keep and have him learn under Manning for the future!
Summer is over but you can still SELL your house for FULL price on our Lease Purchase Program!
NO fees or costs!
columbusleasetobuy.com.
penfield high...
misterShay.
He was the real deal in my opinion.
what is your user name on words?
We can play together if you want.
Mine is Diggsgarr.
COME LOSE TO ME!!!!
lol
you should save one of those for me so i can put you guys on my wall :
loll hope you get a chance with him!3
Linsanity taking over the world
you should have your own show on tbs
: Steven Soderbergh's 'Magic Mike' gets a release date from Warner Bros.
and will open June 29, 2012.
movies
you two are too cute!!
Pacers in another fight, what a dirty franchise
I hate these braces ...
I just wanna pull my teeth out :/
Sex sells.
Always has, always will.
you welcome
That's great!
So happy that you're webcasting with us!
/ We LOVE your enthusiasm, Jesús!
And you can get even MORE BUZ by starting a real dialogue with the card targets.
have some after your run as well to replenish glycogen stores.
Follow me on instagram:
Hey Neil, where in Europe are you?
Guess it doesn't matter.
I'd rather be there than here.
Hope it's for fun.
r u followin me:
About 2 miles from where we got married
lol, all in good fun, we're just jealous of boston's fancy new HQ :p
That's a really expensive cat stroller, but I say go for it!
Most people listen to calm music when they are angry to settle their nerves.
I listen to to make everything better.
U going to SESAC S.T.R.I.P tonight
If he has no intention of ever owning a truck, let him go.
I work and go to school,,, and talk to this broke nigga not winning,,,
that DP is a bad ass.
I believe he is Darius Khonji's nephew.
Great video by Gavras as always.
Harrison Schutz, Occupy spokesman on Hannity, said NYPD sent rapists to Zuccotti Park
the OS isn't as snappy as I thought it would be on 2 cores.
In terms of hardware, it's really nice...
Who else was disappointed in the Baltimore City election?
Something just wasn't right...
Caller 9 when you hear 1d, no trivia
always makes me smile no matter what!
:D Logan3 Kendall3 Carlos3 James3
We don't get to see lunar eclipse here much from all the smog hehehe!
It does sound nice though :
Yes, fixed a lot with patches.
Was running a watercooled xfire machine oc and ran like crap still.
Wasnt ready for launch.
For all who celebrate  Happy Hanukkah!
Ready to go home d go to sleep!
Byebye Illinois.
See ya, wouldn't wanna be ya!
The artist was and the song was Yokohama Cafe 
Rooting for  I think the only one I'd actually watch.
Nightlife at Because the Pacific octopus is nocturnal, she sometimes comes out to play Thursday nights.
Crossing my fingers!
can't wait!
Hope everyone is having a great day!
ilovewhen she lays on her stomach while suckin my dick as I rub, massage and smack that assplease retweet
Courtesy is only a thin veneer on the general selfishness.
Whaat forgot about Hollywood Bowl traffic!
In your face LA!
: Oh joy it's season.
trafficsucks barhamisabitch
Time to get training for the holidays!
Normal ipods can't handle the sweat.
Waterfi's Can!!
Use coupon code sweatproof saves you 12.
Three oclock is always too early or too late for anything you want to do.
Jean Paul Sartre
Thank you Sean!!
RT : bringing back quality to MIA is
I believe I am too.
I have to wait and find out though, but..
If I do go, we definatly have to get together!
Heading to tonight to sample their new happy hour!
I really have no one.
Yes.
Word is still the king of word processors.
For now.
Another DAY !
ANOTHER DOLLAR !!
I need out of this damn place!!!!
I can't take much more of this shit!!!!
I love all those things but I'm getting sushi haha
if there is something, likely can be handled with a minor refactor, its a small codebase
Selling Discount Business Cards in the Tucson Area
I'd love to have someone to cuddle with in bed right now.
Heading to the border after lunch ...
Going back home ...
Canada
lmao!!
They are always touching someone!
Hope you have a good and safe flight.
Ahh...nothing like a long day sitting on the plane not going anywhere.
How do you be with someone who wishes they never met you

headed to Africa to doctornk beer w/ at wsop Africa.
I'm watching Fresh Beat Band on nickjr
Changed my PW once again.
I hope that this is enough now to keep my account from being hacked into again.
Missed you guys, take care!
as a former Portland resident, I approve.
And to add to the bandwagon EdCampBmore is coming in the fall!
hmm , prefer to be singe than attached !
, sighh
Protecting my tweets for lil bit .
Heard it keeps spam away .
dude how is it!?
Can it just rain so hard one day that school gets canceled?
Instead of snow it's rain and the school gets so flooded that we go home
.
absolutely killed it tonight.
Aw, thanks!
the coffer holds
ok get them then
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Definitely in love with
What does your tattoo say ?
Watching Game of Thrones with Viggle Sun  6PM  HBO Latino Get real rewards just for watching TV.
that was exactly what I did!
Love you!!!
Forget about the price tag
Emerson talking about the importance of going out to communities who are marginalized  hearing them, on their own turf.
There's a lot going on at www.myqueenbquilts.com.
Have you seen it lately?!
has a wine fridge full of 750s
otw to Mississippi for Austin's release party...
nah too bad
They call me energizer, cause I'm never stopping.
RT : We are fans of your outstanding cookbook Plenty, and anticipating your new upcoming one
Thanks man.
In light of , perhaps we give a break.
Brilliant, visionary musician is winning over middling former sitcom actor
too bad i didnt get to see ya.
i miss you so.
enjoy SXSW!
Hey, I saw you retweeted my Graeber interview.
You may be interested in another post I recently made:
Please tell me this is sarcasm.
Arnie is tougher than nails and will be just fine.
Somebody should check Tim Finchem's BP, however.
He's gotta be on a Tiger high.
ThingsThatGetMeUpset when people lie for no reason!
Oh really?
: Cute!
Keep your eyes..
Open..
:
Got a credit card hijacked.
We think we caught it before the thieves did too much damage.
minis are flying off the belt at University Village.
Looks like we might need to carry them at other stores soon.
its not power loser
Two wells could give two villages fresh water for years; don't apologize!
Applied to any colleges yet?
What a very boring day
Good morning Do you like to be scratched behind the ears?
If they get too lippy, punch 'em in the mouthbetter yet!
Throw ice cubes at 'em...go VIKES!
Skol!
vikings, packers,
Thank you!
How's your dissertation going?
can't wait till the18th is coming to indiana for the WelcomeToParadise tour super pumped!!!
I don't get everyone's disappointment.
The guts of the 4s everything from the baseband processor, CPU, Camera, Graphics chips....are new.
By helping each other with your troubles, you truly obey the Law of Christ.Gal.
6:2, Have a Wonderful Day, you guys!
Let's go half on a baby girl?
Dinner and a movie tonight.
What?
Neither did I.
Between us, I don't think undergrads could handle the amount of work we do.
Luck is finding a shiny penny face side up on the sidewalk.
A good day is finding a crisp new 20.
I'm having a good day.
Importance of being able to reach people: original program participants didn't have email at the time.
Just signed up Tawanna Thai on Wilshire!
I recommend The Vow bro, u will like man.
Right up your alley
: doctorw is here from Breckenridge!
Stop out and try some fantastic beers from Colorado.
5pm to 7pm
I am booked up w/client meetings in Northern Cali this week, but am following tweets like a fiend.
MW2012 You there?!
my live feed stops randomly and then I have to restart.
Annoying for the VoD, I watched those on TSN instead.
The Sloan Summit on open access put on by the Boston Library Consortium yesterday  today: a rousing success.
Thanks, folks.
COME TO CALI!!!!!!
I need to see you33 Or I might die
A very happy birthday, to my brother Jason Pascoe.
He's a great guy.
people that blame diabetes on capitalist food production.
Funny thing about this Kony thing.
I made a song about chile rebel soldiers a year ago.
I guess now would be the time to record it
Considering most people didn't think it would get past episode 13, I kind of see the whole series as a quirky, ridiculous gift.
Newscasters in Lubbock turn up the fear factor for a passing
Second Hand Rose in Buffalo is filled with antique and junking treasures!
Come see us Saturday!
Thanks to for a yummy KW chili lunch on Larchmont!
he's a fool.
Proves it every time he opens his mouth.
Tuesday was spectacular!
Thanks to all who joined us to make this the best Arts  Eats for Justice Gala yet!
A big thanks to !
If u are taking a picture of someone else on the street, we'll wait of course but don't be rude and take forever.
Take the gd photo already
Live SINGLE CHEF show at 6PM tonight Pacific.
I'll be whipping up Salmon in wine, herb butter and cream sauce!
Link is www.theroomlive.com
Crazy wind today.
I can't help but wonder how the tiny dogs fare in this weather.
Wouldn't they just blow away like tumbleweed?
aw thank you :
Thanks so much!
And thanks for the email the other day, too.
Can't wait to see you!
Sorry to be missing it.
Would be curious to learn more, however
Smile..its Universal::
RT : Followers in Aruba can get 25 off indoor spa treatments tomorrow  Sunday in celebration of Social Media Day!
Mention...
LIVEfrombehind watching in Menomonee Falls WI, with 10 of my new best friends.
for sure!
I am in LA until Tuesday.
bout too chill
Things are busy at BlueRock.
It is always a good day when 3 edit suites are busy.
wait stop...
what you know about krump lol
...
a single set of integrated search results  InfoDesk
noted.
Thanks sir!
now into background for Comp.
Plan.
Dear Admin, Health class is looking at sexuality.
Sorry for the creepy google searches.
Figures show that MiamiDade public transportation use has grown 5.9 in the past year.
Hop off at Government Center station to visit us!
Your UFO is almost ready!
Just adding the shape shifting device and I threw in a bar and a stripper pole as a bonus!
ZOOM
Hey.
Are you playing this weekend?
THANK YOU TO ALL MY TWITTER FRIENDS.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA!
Bitches cant find they man cuz I ride it good.
I am so done with this week already.
thanks for ff..damn yankees ..still love them!
Automatic Doors Make me feel like a JEDI!!
Brandon Ashley for MVP great game.
Future wildcat.
Can't wait..
I hate when you doctor on a doctorss or skirt after washing it to find it shrunk about 3 inches
So caught a case of the black death.
I'll be covering for him tonight at The Baltimore House on Curry Hollow Rd.
See yinz there!
Rolling over on my yearbook, which has sharp corners resulted in me sounding like i had a form of tourettes.
did move..
!watch television
Very true.
At least in my case two are not full time and I'm not pretending they are.
I've seen ones like you were mocking.
;
Now I want chocolate!
I asked for a chocolate banana at Braum's this week,  the guy chuckled.
Pervert!
All I really need is love, but a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt!
Lucy Van Pelt
you got my numbaaa, that isnt a convo for twitter
yeah, and people were singing along, but wasn't loud, strange song choice.
Maybe cause theyre low in the standings right now?

welcome to twitter!
we get great feedback on all the worth bats, as well as the z1000.
I don't think you'll go wrong either way!
I need, therefore I imagine.
Carlos Fuentes
Rondo is a bum!
He can't average a triple double every game?!
RT : lrnchat Q5 Read the instruction manual from back to front?
Feeling like a bum while all my friends move my stuff.
I have amazing friends, but
aha okok.
Oh that'd be cool 8 I'm down!
Lol
Congrats to your town!
Any plans to bring iPads into the classroom as well?
call me maybe..
has been stuck in my head all damn day.
Your wife sounds awesome!
Had a wedding on Saturday, SundayFunday, busy Monday, great portrait session today,  now off to volunteer training at the Humane Society!
get this  Allen West thinks shd apologize to HIM?
for making him talk about policy i guess.
or constituents.
or both.
my content marketing system would come to a grinding halt without SlideShare
He'll learn.
He must be a freshman.
Not saying Henrik Lundqvist isn't elite.
He's top 3.
But Rangers defense is amazing.
Block shots all night.
Physical.
Unreal
just call me
I live 10 feet away from the beach  I never even go.
Fuck you school.
just got the news made dfw fashion wk
Can I just say, my production crew and my dept heads are fucking amazing?
Superhuman.
More than heroes: demigods.
Some girl told me that I was undatable last night...
I thanked her for the compliment.
TECHNOLOGY: Top Pinterest Tools and Tips for Music Marketing
www.loveachild.com anything can help!
Its very strenuous and requires a ton of patience trying to talk to someone who studders alot with a lisp and has the hiccups....haha
Just walked past a mass display of wood/flowerpot men.
Fucking terrifying.
That was close Thought maybe you moved.
Ling live 303.
of course!
Was nice to see you briefly...we'll have to really catch up some time.
Kentucky's scouting report on OSU  Try not to lose by more 20.
Watching the game with GMa and !
Go Cowboys!!
spare yourself from this coffee!
where is MY coffee??
bring it !!!!!
your so cool
Cotler: While world preoccupied with Syria and Iran nuke threat, widespread repression of Iranian ppl flying under radar
Also, the line Split for what, a couple of old poopheads?
delivered to perfection by Buzz Gunderson.
I went to CVS to get shampoo and conditioner only to find out that they close at 10.
So I had to turn around and go all the way to Meijer
It's a hot day.
Arrests increase on hot days.
Please keep my mom in your thoughts and prayers today.
She was just sent to the ER for neck/arm injuries after her car was rearended.
It's almost 5 a.m.
and I'm still in the process of brainwashing my desktop.
I feel like I'm putting an old, faithful collie to sleep.
; I look at you, looking at me, now I know why they say the best things are free, I'm gonna love you girl you are so fine, Angel of Mine.
The Matrix came out 12 years ago today.
Wow.
I still remember sitting in the theatre being amazed
Pauly  This Is What Happens When You Take Steroids Points At Ronnie xD
im jelous of the people u RT reply or follow...i wonder when my day will come :O i cant wait:
Yeah they took it a little far.
esp with that child model.
yeah she TOTALLY looks like the sister.
Capstone almost over
When people see good, they expect good.
And I dont wanna live up to anyones expectations!
I miss the good old days.
whiskey bar?
What whiskey bar?
I'm listening...
:
Congrats on the SM position at SOA  just saw it on LinkedIn  best of luck!!
BREAKING NEWS: Special prosecutor says she won't use a grand jury in the Trayvon Martin case.
I'm SO missing!
RT : NNNNNNOOOOOOooooo 
Hope these dancers arent half naked bc I'll be in tears lol
4 more days until Valentines Day ..
Its gonna be nice for him !
Oh my you definitely need to go back and visit!
:D Do you speak fluent spanish?
psh.
he's no Mark Whitten.
12 RBI too?
THAT'S ridiculous.
The biscotti on Delta flights is amazing.
Thumbs up.
I know!!!!
I thought about that!
I'm grindin nothin more nothin less she got to respect that
Next stop a revamping of our info page, an age verification page, both of which are nearly done, and then .......more flavors!!!!!!!!!!!
Wow.
Recommend.me is a total spambot.
Can't believe you spammed my entire contact book when I signed up.
So.
Evil.
My throat hurts.
Today I'm just going to listen to what you have to say.
No pressure.
Any comments/suggestions/thoughts you'd like to share?
Omg, all these people funky mouths today.
probably a good think I have to teach this afternoon, otherwise it would be entirely unproductive
whats your favorite color?
Got Some More Ice Cream :
My spirit animal is a cat with feline aids.
where you be at?
Lmaoo RT : Deandoctor Jordan literally can't do anything else, Blake's post moves are Kareemlike compared to his
lol she was laughing.
Good question.
Maybe go back to the last revision?
Did you experience SHake Shack in NY?
Seriously exhausted.
Don't wanna work tomorrow.
Got a secondhand robot.
Practically good as new!
Just a few nicks and scratches, and a tendency to murder.
I want my boyfriend to come over but I don't know .
is right.
Only she can touch me.
: I love her
Going minimalist?
Wear your five fingers for 6 months before running in them.
When you run, run fast and with good form.
Build slowly.
I know I miss you bro.
Its been good but hectic.
Wbu
Yep.
I prefer the Bowers  Wilkins and will hope it's hip to be square.
Guess what  wear LaCrasia cotton gloves in fun colors to keep the sun from yourhands.
One of our cutomers told us it helps prevent agespots
If a gang of preppies hold you down and cut your hair, pick yourself up by your bootstraps and go to Pray Away the Gay camp.
I have seen it
The greatness of a nation can be judged by the way it's animals are treated....Ghandi
what?
:P
25 years ago today someone at espn made a terrible mistake
lol I knoww I love herr
Revealing reporting in the LATimes about the homogeneity of Oscar voters.
But not sure that's enough explanation for Crash winning best pic.
I have two sites that I use mailchimp.
It's easy and it doesn't charge the small sites.
FFTP will have to pay of course.
Some days I'm average.
Other days I'm just plain mean.
I suppose that's the norm.
thinks that maybe he should actually work for the Bruce Lee Library, if such a thing exists.
no balloons!?
Lol
How are you mister DOJ JOKE KIlling more border patrol men and women ???
goes to the CREW!!
He gets to play along side our good friend Bernardo Anor.
Congratulations
Michele Bachman: No!
means No!.
And submission means submission.
Look it up.
It does not mean respect.
Lean Enchiladas  Enjoy this lighter, leaner and more nutritious version of a classic favorite INGREDIENTS 1 cup frozen chopped onion...
any graphic designers here?
:
Q4 The scenery, the wildlife...
and then eating some of said wildlife by way of super fresh salmon ;
Time for a hair cut
I'm reminded 1.5 year olds don't understand the concept of pointing at something more than five feet away
You aint kiddin!
Where they from?
That's the worst.
Feel better!
lol yeehaw.
Only you would stumble into country that way!
On my way to be judged.
Also to be fed.
Gin will be served.
great day to invest in sturdy, durable, really affordable screen printing equipment that will stand the test of time.
Going to be highs in the 90s today!
hell with beer: more gin.
Got tied up wit kiddos.
Heading your way soon
i get my best ideas for anything in the shower.
idk why
I have spent my time stringing and unstringing my instrument while the song I came to sing remains unsung Rumi
I know it will be amazing cus ur gonna be in it 21
good afternoon school was fun and I treated a couple of my classmates I burnt them crispy
Oliver Finley is running a no catch special where we are giving away 10 Free Haircuts on T/ Wed/ Th just for calling 658 1115
you dog!
So tired of scam job offers.
Fuck the lies, fuck all the hiding and fuck you, throw it all away and throw it all away
Wow, silence of the big crowd!
peeps ridin with or thru can be a smooth, reckless, dark, blinding sun.
pot holes, slippery slopes, icy, foggy...keep doctorvin!
clay gets 10 seconds of camera time.
That kinda sucked
Order sent to What The Tree Said Books in NH!
hola doesn't count cause it's in Spanish.
Lol so.....hola
I'll be in LA mid June.
Any interest in having me on to talk vinyl toys?
Yes, and I used the fly over tool.
Students love that to get a sense of place.
Reading Living in the Heart by doctornvalo Melchizedek.
Great read.
Just watched DVD Quantum Communication David Sereda.
My daughter is kicking butt on Virtua Fighter 5.
She might even be able to beat me
Substitute barista asked me how to make an espresso machiatto.
I changed my order to doctorp.
I don't mess around with my espresso.
One Heart Ministry to hold annual banquet  Alexandoctora Echo Press
Kobe aint like Jordan he can't play sick
I'm taking Denver over New England tonight.
Tebow Time will get started early.
count on it.
Tebow
I have one members stand available....
Come on down to Hotel Metro for the MKEfoodies1yr party!
I want to interview you about your experience as an EFL teacher.
For people who might want to be jumping into the professorssion.
What 60s/70s artist other than Smithson  Dan Graham that had original work published in Harper's Bazaar?
This is doctorVING ME NUTS.
Sadly, my vote usually goes to the lesser of all evils.
GOP candidates looking satanic vs the other options.
You okay?
is researching fall/winter 2010 colors and working on new designs that are being inspired by rest and relaxation.
at least you did it!!
great job!
you are going to kill that marathon!
Be nice to ur moms this sunday, they made u.
Well, I guess I'm having nightmares tonight...
:
Wonderful!
Makes my day :
just left the movies
Nothing like starting off the year strong
At a recent college reception for new admits, a student described finding a roommate via online ad.
Not good, stick with friends.
10FactsAboutMe 2 sushi, mangoes or mango flavors, and coffee flavored ice cream can persuade me to do almost anything.
join the club.
So broke :
Dont hide ur feelings from someone if you love them then show it,want to be with them take a chance,bc life is to short to live with regrets
Ah, it could be the context.
For realssss.
I think Cody's there..
Not sure tho.
How have the screenings been?
Anything good so far?
Poker Face on Fuse!
I feel like a Manichean for saying that.
Just so everyone knows Road House is on MGMhd right now.
you don't follow me so I can't dm
Monday nights with 
Follow us on facebook.com/wilsonhotamales
To take my mind away from today's game, it will be good to try on Tuxedos with
If I ever have a baby boy, I'd like to name him Charlie.
Just so I can call him Chuck Morris.
Oh I'm happy..
keep playing the game until it dont change
The Generation M Manifesto: You wanted growth, faster.
We want to slow down so we can become better.
We hope so!
I should have an answer for you very soon!
I had a lot of fun at the holiday party tonight.
Lots of fun, interesting folks doing cool things in DC.
Babysitting...again
haha yes!
can't wait for their grammy red carpet coverage!
spy on vegas tonight...
open bar from 69...
Nah Dave, you're cool.
Marty's older, fatter, slower...
OK twitter world Im goin 2 make an effort 2 be more twitter active.
I mean its not like Im doing anything, but making money
Not moved on since that Pamela Anderson crush aged 14?
Hurry!
On average people fall in love 7 times before marriage!
We do inspections.....
No wonder Youkilis hasn't been physically or emotionally into the game  my mind would be elsewhere if I got Tom Bradys sis pregnant too
For booking, email
TrueCompliments decided to lower their letter prices to 3!
Take that bigbrand card store with bulkcopiednonpersonal letters!
LOL, Kenny Powers is still a selfcentered, egomaniacal hole  deadbeat dad.
And I loved every minute of it.
eastbounddown is awesome!
fuck dat lets shoot it up on the green ur treat lol
Tweeting dean?
Yes!
RT : RT Dean : Graduation week coming up for Class of 2012 and !
best color ever!
Sad music and whiskey.
Makes me as happy as it does sad.
Thank you all for having me tonight!
Wakin up is the hardest part of the day
haha i bet..
whew Giants recovered that fumble.
Wellsaid, my good man.
Wellsaid!
are you kidding me!?
i dont want things to go back the way they were cuz i dont want my feelings for you to come back
HAHAH all I can say is, belle must have magical powers.
Did he get her hogwarts letter yet?
RT: We are LIVE right now with Will Ferrell and !!!
It's on!!
Woo!
SNL
Anybody have suggestions for some good websites for workout  fitness advice?
Maybe workout regimens  routines?
Fitzgerald says constituents told him to stay the course this is what we elected you to do about act 10
5/14Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Dean Edwards
Kreider's better.
Yes I'm biased obviously RT : Also I am waiting for the inevitable HenriqueKreider debates......
I heard I wasn't the Bruhz yet though lol
Thinking about responsive / mobile UX at doctorpalcon, and wondering: do we need to bring back the LOWSRC attribute for smaller mobile images?
I wish u could run to me right now:
One of the worst last possessions I've ever seen
The best vision is insight.
Malcolm S.
Forbes
Haircut today.
A professorssional appearance is key to a succussful job search!
incaseyoudidntknow I AM the lady who found/runs the music promotion page
sounds like some lyrics to me Eddie
That's just scary.
I'd be pissed if someone rubbed cake on my face.
I mean, outside of the bedoctorom, of course.
Then it's awholenother story.
;
3WordsForYou Call Me Maybe?
;
Getting ready for 2nd installment of The Ring Cycle as part of my cinematic opera journey.
Die Walkyre!
i cannot wait to leave this city ...
2 more weeks
Fuck my life.
especially when people make themselves easy targets to talk shit to.
some are more obvious to this than others.
i'm in the very front row.
Camel color sweater.
Sounds like you're in the back.
Let's def say Hello after!
Nothing like watching Rambo on a rainy day!
When will the March 2012 hardcopy be released in stores?
Literally RT Just remember, money buys nothing
Happy Pi Day, tweeps!
Go honor Pi in the best way you know how!
I need mahomie friends to follow me on fb
one time I was getting off the bus and my bus doctorver closed the door on me
Thank you!
I needed some real beat in my life this morning!!!
Do you play, are a vocalist, or a writer?
i hope so.
im here until sunday
bitch I got 300 on the series
you are adorable.
I bet the boys on the playground are just getting in line to date you.
I just really hope Brielle and Erika make it through.
Reed wasn't AS good as last night, but let's see!
Wow.
Antonio Cromartie will probably go broke today.
Why is everyone in the office giving me strange looks today?
Oh yea
sweet, are you free Saturday?
of course!
Sometimes I really hate people.
People are stupid.
Tues 11AM The Other Side Radio w/ on 1480 w/ Jeff Anderson Washington Times  Politricks
Do Ya Thang  Rihanna
The roots of rhythm remain
Chilean miners FTW
I was seriously wondering haha
Haha bro I was just joking.
I'm not speaking for Thi'sl
Shabazz Palaces is definitely worth checking out.
One of the best records from the few last years.
Videos are great too.
Still think about that meatloaf MT W/ rain looming, I'm craving the meatloaf w/ bacon marmalade from
Happy Tuesday from the show!
DJ Flash brings you throwback hits to complement Troy's commentary until noon today.
Let's go!
Awesome, chili dogs are pretty great  thanks for the tip!
Shaqnosis are must cops, I'm still on the fence with the Question's, but i haven't heard about the pair I'm Thirsty for...the Kamikaze's
Bill Romanowski lets loose on The Herd, best hit I ever had was when I broke a jaw and had guy bleeding out his ears...
Idk, we were discussing this yesterday.
People seemed to think Duncan would shut down Blake.
trouble with my tweet button count never updating.
Is this still a known issue in some cases?
OK to have php params in url?
RT : : The real power of this journey was that I don't just GetOverIt  we all adapt to get over challenge
I simply told him if he didn't leave then I wouldn't either.
Steve Krug has two great books that I found helpful for usability testing
Guys that have no respect for girls
if your a zombie, monster, ghoul, fiend dat junt bumpin
Let us decide that this day is a wonderful day to discover in every moment who would God have us be in this very moment.
Coworking is not Coworking.
Its an independent movement that doesnt want to be separated by a hyphen!
cc:
Ok, I'm following Now what?
: Entertain me like you did at ScareFest last year.
LOL
Yeah, I knew it was too good to be true.
I'm ready to go home.
Yes.
Yes I am.
RT : But is so irresistibly juicy
I urge you to comment on that blog post.
please correct them, it's possible none of their professorssors will
Blake played on the best HS team I've ever seen  12 Division 1 players, 2 NBA guys
their thanks is the points you give for the follow, but it's cute you thank them
ah yes, the entertaining chatter of voters waiting in line
only 14.
I up to about 50
Yikes RT : One constant with all of the powerplay configurations: They're not scoring today, either.
thanks for the props Pita Bros
good question!
iPhonebecause if you have a PC, iPod  iPad you can use iCloud to sync./access to your info./apps/pics on all devices at anytime.
I need tonight so bad.
For my own self esteem hahaha
Then what happened?
RT For those saying MJ never missed free throws!
He missed against Cleveland in 89 to win the series in 4
For Your Luxury  Exotic Car Needs We Offer: Maybach 62, Rolls Royce, Lamborghini, Ferrari, Aston Martin, Porsche and more!
It's all about the headbands
SEC tourney and NCAA regionals must not be then, huh?
Thompson out at Yahoo.
Finally
nabshow in lasvegas Airband offers wirelessfiber options to Radio stations in any of our 18 markets
Missed you tonight!
RT : I personally don't give a sht who's DJ'ing or not, do your thing!
Few will have my respect.
When i sit and think about when a parent dies...its a very hard struggle..u feel like u gotta rush to grow up and mature.
HUGE congrats to and the team for winning Internship Program of Year for the 2nd time in a row!
good guess!!
Rusty Varenkamp is producing!!!
:
For the record...
The Shareski home is gorgeous.
love the CocaCola Christmas advert!
Happy Birthday3 hope you have a good one :D
it's all good : I wasn't banking on it.
And hell yes!
Duet!!!
RT : Suspend my campaign in a cryogenic chamber so it lasts forever.
Baseball: Memorial completes sweep of rival Bellaire  Houston Chronicle
Share with us, too!
RT : Do you have any WaterWednesday tips you truly believe make a difference?
Share them with us!
Good deed for the day: buy a cd off a random struggling rap artist
I hope this summer will beat all of my past summers.
: I have a really good feeling it will.
I appreciate/value Kevin addoctorssing the tough stuff in the QA.
Great leadership quality.
Lmao!
Cousin I was real smooth with it swear but they def tryda toss my little a and was in the freezer for 10 min lols
RT : RT : Q1: How do you think Twitter Chats can be improved?
I have a big softball tournament coming up in a couple weeks can you wish me good luck : please?:D
No way in hell I haven't received an email in the past three hours!!
Vacation from email I guess...
Never get comfortable in a relationship cuz it could end as quiccly as it began...
Fast  easy!
I trim  rinse, wrap in cello  microwave for 3 min.
Serve with NF yogurt dip or Ital doctorssing.
YUM!
If I knew what I was doing, I'd be doing it right now.
yes definitely.
Id be pissed if I wasn't in the front
Hey Mahomies What's Up
Everyone is talking about working from home jobs.
Whats the big ...
Whiskers!
I want to stay in bed!
Have a good one , ya'll.
:
Damn this dude took those shots like a beast...he lost but damn
All the subway sandwiches I ate losing weight!
I ain't mad at Jarred but they need to do one on Derrick!
ireallywant to be happy again.
Can you please clear up the rumors about using the Facebook like as a giveaway entry method being against their new policy?
Reno, where can I find gelatin sheets?
Already tried Whole Foods.
No luck.
Until Rick Perry proves he has America's best interest in mind, he should not get a penny of our 
Anyone have awesome/life saving project management tools they are willing to share?
Particularly tools geared towards group collab.
HELP HELP SOMEBODY CALL 911 MINDLESS BAY HAS LOST HER MINE TYPING MUSUC LYRICS HELP LORD I PRAY TO U HELP HER
are some of these illustrations in the public domain or are they all copyrighted?
That would be great, I loved baldurs gate
yeah it's a wee bit strange..i try to keep inspectiv's feed focused on CX related content
Love full metal alchemist and Bleach lol
yea teedy long jk im just kidding wats up girl
Just saw RightByMySideVideo, Love that Song!!!!!
Friendly democratic reminder: The deadline to register to vote in this year's PA primary is tomorrow at 5 p.m.
Happy 3rd Birthday, Bella!
This is horrible
omg I totally thought I was already following you!
Done :
Lack of demand for iron, no railroad infrastructure, orientation of iron, and the significant amount of waste make the mine a uneconomical.
Our Shawn Kemp's Kids team photo will probably be framed, or at least end up on my refrigerator and stay in my heart
Set the coffee pot.
Never got any.
Well, fuckersticks.
A penalty had to be handed down; I do feel it was excessive in terms of losing their coach for a full year.
Reports out of Dallas say that Morris Claiborne is a virgin after he was the first blackguy taken this year that didn't have a kid.
A challenge to women...
Get uncomfortable in a conversation about social  economic issues across party lines.
Success without hard work
Women's health funding ban lifted  Longview NewsJournal
Ball so hard my tonsils hurt lmfao.
doctornk tequila
that's a bold statement, even when referring to me
what apartment fool?!
studying.
U?
: I believe therefore I act!
STUPIDFAITH //Say that!
Enjoy the movies...snacks!
Make sure u get your money's worth...especially since u had to take out that 2nd mortgage for it.
RT : Savvy marketers are seeking the holy grail of creative: code once for all platforms, then add device specific features
kids Walk for LIFE: Walk for LIFE Saturday, May 19, 2012 at 10:00 AM South Park Buffalo doctorve, South Park, Pennsylvania 15129 United States
This team just isn't good, mediocre at best!!
We fans support this team faithfully and deserve more!
New owner now!
And black pumps...
Guess there's only 9...
never was a math person.
Sunday?
you go girl!!!!
Chachi's Twitter is
Chilling in Santa Monica with my girl for the weekend
30 hahaha it keeps getting better
It's a good thing Jesus loves the Church, because otherwise we Christians would've killed it a long time ago.
from JD earlier RT : ecomoving  get rid of as much stuff as possible before you move  less to move, less impact
A virtual Cheers!
thanks for the retweet, , , 
Wow...
Impressive implementation of 'Signals'!
Congrats to the STWIT team!!
dominos artisan pizza..
gotta be the biggest rip off ever..
seriously.
the thing must weigh 4oz.
and tastes like shit.
Thanks to an office discussion on emoticons, I'll be spending the rest of my afternoon trying to make the :/ face.
get ready boston techies, is headed your way from austin and you'll be better for it.
bad loss for atx.
cc.
Having to wait until 8pm is the only bad part about being in vegas...
Stopped in Barnes  Noble at the mall to buy a newspaper.
News flash!
They don't sell newspapers at the bookstore.
BAD BITCH MENTALITY....UGLY ASS FACE...
Cops is only good when someone gets tasered .
tell your I said happy mothers day!:and we love her 2!21
Getting so excited for Miss Amy Kaspers Bachelorette weekend in Chicago this weekend!!
ALPHA NEWS: Eta Lambda Wins Southern Region Alumni Chapter of the Year
i don't wanna go in the morning for tutoring, but i have to pick my grade up in chemistry ughh.
Great day to be a new yorker interested in both advertising and international relations.
Off to for Advertising week, then the UN
: yea.
Lion king, Aladdin, pocahontas, Mulan, and Finding Nemo on DVD?!
Let me hold them lol
Sweating my balls off on this megabus...
get me some air!!!
I've never kissed anyone in the rain.
solid.
timoreilly Repeated at pdf10, : activism beyond registering collective opinion; get people together to DO something
Easily Greinke's worst start at Miller Park this season.
Did he take the foot off the gas, or struggle through a hangover from last night?
A cat in a hurry can sprint at about thirty one miles per hour
Let go of everything you know.
The destination lies ahead, and we are not alone.
Love it.
confessions video uploading now!
Thanks for the shout out girl!
Been traveling all day without wifi.
Assuming he wins the job over Colt McCoy.
wow!
That is at least a decade off, probably more.
Thanks guys for the RT!
in a way i don't want other people to notice austin and for him to become big but i also want his doctoram to come true 3
atleast you don't have to play with under classmen!!!
Ughh she pisses me off so much!
oh how I miss those boyzz
Parenting tip 427: never let a toddler control the pace of your morning walk.
check out Travie McCoy as well he's in that band.
Pretty decent CD.
thanks for the great writeup of Reality with on
I would be worried about the combination of cloudattached collars tracked by the NSA
I don't know what to wear
Mall then show tonight with Heather and Archie.
:
what a fabulous film and amazing team of the sweetest cast and crew : :
You'll never see me thirsty for the D
Thinking should I get My baby from daycare early  go home
NP.
Gr8 to see on tm side, esp coming from player  brand/org side myself.
Actually have a related nonprofessort to send you info on...
in the back of Betsy!:
Live from Woodgrove High: Discussing photography with students this morn.
The school has an impressive art space!
Oh my god!!!!!
you are so far awya from me : i wish you would come to Texas.
i heard your songs and i fucking love them!!!!!
Something's gotta give
Used to be charro
this Chilis commercial looks great.
I must be doctornk...
again
There's too much doctorma everywhere.
I'm trying to get away from it..
lool RT : he's busy gezz o petts give him a break
dude dnt no one hmu no more dog...
askniall What's your favorite kind of cake?
I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit!
I'm excited 3
Agreed!
Wishbone and Nookies are also fabulous options.
loves it when you rub elbows with celebrities....
Rather win in February or March?
Mounties struggled in Feb...
But now undefeated in March.
That's why they call it Madness!
They are such hearty little ones!
We think it's Celine who has changed her coat of orange for white!
Did he just show up at the door?
Weak in the knees!!!!
I wonder why there is a construction barge in the Charles.
Somebody building a new dock near MIT, perhaps?
wow bold lol but true
Almost any guy can look good on a motorcycle.
You wanna see what kind of a guy you've got?
Watch him walk through a spiderweb.
Why oh why is it that fillings have to fall out on the weekends??
that good hows work n r you happy?
Just got some bus tix to a client near
We are now OPEN!
Come visit us!
Lots of books, great views, great space!
Right on the Oval on campus.
Oh.
My.
God.
Bet you'll never forget Sweden;
morning thanks you do the Same
yeah, this is happening hahah
did you ever find a good stream?
Quick!
Somebody get me to a doctor.
Watched KONY2012 and had to call in sick from work cause I'm barfing all over the place right now.
I'm in the same boat.
im bout to go to my friend jaron's house cya in a little while
Ain't no mountain high enough to keep me from getting to you.
Unless its an actual mountain, then fuck that.
we need balloons.
Theres a lot of really, really boring stuff in the world.
Dust bunnies.
Status meetings.
Tax forms.
Flossing.
How do you fascinate?
Sharing lovingkindness honored 2b MT/RT'd by you:
Watched 5 minutes of Hoarders and had nightmares that our home was filthy.
Will not be watching that show again!
Well La Salita Nation...the line has formed around the building...again.
Come on by tonight and enjoy our Friday special...Carne Adovada!!!
A girl from my class in grade school is now married and had a baby today.
Lots of feels.
Thanks for following!
I gotta invite to join the Obama campaign on their trips to Wisconsin  Iowa but i gotta work ugh!!
4square pastor just tried to solicit my pest control biz  big cucaracha pic in emailEEK!!
That's crazy!
You should be super proud of yourself.
That looks REALLY good!
:
woah there turbo , dont get TOO full of yourself !
he might as well go back and fuck wit converse
This may be TMI, but I gained 5 pounds and my boobs feel awesome.
Have a nice day ;
When boys cuddle and talk to you until you both fall asleep.
OPEN REHEARSAL AT 3PM THIS SUNDAY.
MURPHY FINE ARTS CENTER STRING PLAYERS FEEL FREE TO doctorP IN/JOIN US!!!
i booked a pilot today!
keep up to date at www.josephmancusoactor.com
LOL I LOVE THAT SONG
Today's Get Energized tip: Maintain your heating equipment.
Dirt and neglect are the top causes of heating system failure.
check out my zombie apocalypse website for more survival tips, and to become a member and post your own tips, www.sandovalnation.webs.com
BASS Dubstep FSEDM RT : Wub wub!
Hear that?
No it's not Charlie Brown's mom.
It's a new FullSailHowTo Video: How To Create...
Merry Christmas everyone have a beautiful day :D
u from nyc?
I need our three newest fans to post a comment on our FB page so I can issue your prizes.
Thank you!CH
will ferrell sounds like google translate
Let's go Soriano!!!!
Look who is here: !
Welcome to the Twitosphere!
Expect Haywood to make a decision on coaching in the NFL or College for this year very soon...
I know I didn't just waste over two hours of my day dealing with an adultbullying situation.
Name calling?
Really?
You can't overlook the smaller search engines as well
If youre lucky enough to find a guy with a lot of head  a lot of heart, hes never going to come off the field second.
Vince Lombardi
dude....
YES i'm obsessed : but jamey carroll is kinda rude haha
Brenda Linares says hi to all the CSUN Alumni.
Go Matadors!
question: can I cut a bitch?
Um yes!
SMFH..BOTH SON!!??
big decision: what are you going to eat?
I'm w/ The Husband, first time, so far so good!
Most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering before them, we should make up our minds to walk boldly through them.
In the hopes of a brighter tomorrow.
: contesting digital dualism is as much a political cause as an epistemological one
If I voted I would have went for the Pettitte win over Smoltz in 1996.
Just an awesome performance.
man we bless enjoying kc.
my lil man is already standing up and he's only 4months.
First round doctorft pick lol on the way.
Hearing angels sing because you found nutella 
time for the bruins to put up or
i will keep doctoraming tell my doctoram of meeting the boys i would love to but mabe 1 day i will i hope i do i love them4 ever 333
MAD MEN ACID
Developer proposes 260 apartments in downtown Ventura
With recent promotion comes a new station assignment.
Starting next week, will be leaving the East End for the area just north of downtown.
I have mastered the art of treading the fine line between 'asshole' and 'douchebag'.
well there is still a spot for you on the team.
If you actually want to play!
A doctor told Tim Tebow's mother to abort him.
His parents said no  that God would make a way.
Are we going to see a WazzzUppp commercial tonight?
Next month is elementary graduation the September he'll be in middle school
Shook sum dude out of his nikes 2nite!
4 hour doctorve
bluesyadjective bluesy music has the slow sad sound of blues, which developed from the songs of black slaves in the southern US
ive been good hon wats going on with u
We are sometimes as different from ourselves as we are from others.Francois de La Rochefoucauld
Destiny is not a matter of chance; it is a matter of choice.
William Jennings Bryan
loved the show in Milwaukee tonight!!
Shit...timeline.
And here I was thinking they let me slip through the cracks.
True Freedom dawns with the realization one has never been free.
Our recent EP, New Demons, has now officially been rereleased on Phratry Records.
We'll have it available at the Cactus Club this Sunday...
I have something u can take if u need 100 recovery!
U know I'm the bowel expert.
RT : You know i really want to forget...
But if i do.
How will i remember you?
Loving life is excellence
I have this provocation operation I've been kicking around...
sometimes I'll try to take a picture of myself and I'll be like ew.
so that's why I'm single.
Every good TV actor starts in Law and Order SVU.
Dwight from The Office, Phil, Claire, and Hailey from Modern Family, etc.
It is quite possibly raining cats and dogs.
Or high toms and crash cymbals.
Go, Mother Nature.
easy brother, elated about rangers, love them
Gonna go upstairs and get my read on.
Taking a glass of water with me!
: Marvel over DC, any day.
RT
we got hacked
just made a movie called depression check it out it's awesome go to my youtube channel frederickhj13
I'm sure you'll get everything straightened out.
I'm looking forward to it, too.
A muddy mess but oh so fun!
New York City's Coolest Interactive Agency  THANKS!!!
dang that avatar photo is DOPE!

Huge thanks for restoring the power so quickly on Bainbridge  always appreciate light/heat in the morning.
Congrats 2 Bubba Watson on his win at the  Masters.
We're excited to have you try us out  great to meet you tonight!
I'm so happy to just be making jewelry!
Lol ..
You right !!
And I'm off Friday  Saturday so you can spend the night !!
don't cuss at that's to far
Fradette cost BYU the game?
No.
He's no their entire time, but a big part.
Do you like or dislike John Morrison?
Bad customer service is such a nono
welcome!
That place is awesome!!!
Two words: chicken salad
A beautiful day today!
TOPMUSIC Multiplatinum alternative rock band Deftones have announced a summer tour supporting System Of A Down.
The twoweek summer jau
citjob is help desk.
dbjob is for database students.
progjob is for programming students.
I'm reminded daily that life is out of my control.
Struggling to force your will on life.
Leaves you angry when life doesn't go as planned.
Director Susan Anderson says people want equity.
The City's job is to work w/partners to leverage our tools to make it happen.
It's so cold in Edmonton!
Reminds me of when I lived in the Windy City!
we are so proud of our designers!
ThankYou everyone!
All right.
I have been up for 22 hours today.
Bed time.
If my charm and charisma fail me, I'll turn to beer.
Or I could just start with beer and phone it in.
should be great RT : Only a few more days until conf in SD!
who will be there?
Let's tweet up!
hey Harlan, this is actually being coded as we speak.
Thanks!
thanks!
Lol, u def da' man!
RT : you're twitter background is sick nasty.
youtheman
nomissed it!
: lots of events this week/weekend  ridiculously early bedtime on Sunday.
my phone is on it's last limb
We loved him.
Looking forward to hearing the new song.
at least there's an attempt
Not as fun as Cisco telling you parity errors that reset crit 6500 supervisor could have been caused by sunspots :
Glad you enjoyed it too!
RT : Wow.
The Strong National Museum of Play is NOT just for kids!
I needed more time!
too early to panic, but some teams should definitely be concerned
''Do you wanna have a slumber party in my scary basement.''
hurry home boss
I'm talking about fraternity and sororities.
Connect today with the person you keep thinking of....it could make their day.
Wait, what?!
How is that possible?!
Sure did :
'I hate when government programs patronize poor people.' That would happen if more restrictions on purchases through SNAP.
Craig Gundersen
Given circumstances and previous performances of this group of players, elite 8 was an achievement.
Got to do better, but proud
me either...
Have you changed your mind?
.
I'm currently almost done with Hold Me Closer Necromancer by Lish McBride, which is awesome.
I want a house in Cali, Aussie, Ny, and Italy.
Y?
Cali and Aussie beaches, Ny is the hometown, Italy is a land unknown :D
Robot Unicorn Attack!
First game at 5 TW vs MN..Battle Border at the High School level.
It doesn't matter it's for bragging rights.
border battle
thanks!
I came up with it during chem.
The weather in SoCal is totally bipolar!!!
I wish my dad let me go to prom..
you should meet me downtown tomorrow while at her shoot.
alright then lets go!: do u know how to get there?:
Had a blast earlier today at weekday morning lakefront soccer.
We started in the rain, but then the sun came out.
Great fun  exercise.
obvious problem of linking rights to marriage is domestic violence/ abuse  to leave the abuser is to then lose basics
to say Delaney would undo the last two days says that he knows he sounds stupid.
He doesnt care as long as he has his precious
GOD FUCKING DAMMIT I'M SO SICK OF SHIT NOT WORKING CORRECTLY!
A guy would sacrifice his money for lunch just to get you a couple of roses
You're know you're a professorssor when Christmas music reminds you, not of loved ones or sleigh rides, but term papers and final exams.
I'll show you brave!
I wont!
RePost that!
just typing repost PISSES ME OFF!!
It's a fri night CUNY library kind of night.
Gotta love grad school.
Alan Kay on the structure of the liberal arts into separate departments: That cannot possibly be a good idea.
skirts are fun.
When I am not feeling good, it feels fun to doctorss up  even for no reason and just be pretty!
:D
I gave you power  nas
How could you not like Chris Brown?
You know who Romney needs to weigh in on this whole OBL issue?
Cheney.
The American people freakin' love Dick Cheney!
I think we're the only people on earth that remember that show
changes/to everlasting
Searching for a reason why a single, childless man in his 40's would doctorve a minivan by choice.
Still, it has an elflike sensibility, which immediately makes me tune out.
tell me about it.
Do you feel beamy today?
You, too!
Do you guys celebrate Mother's Day in Spain?
I always assume it's worldwide  that's so Americancentric of me.
haha!
no, someone quoted him, and I should've made an indirect quote.
What poor academic integrity I have!
:
I honestly have no idea what to do with this free time...looks like spring cleaning, reading, writing, and relaxing this evening
WHO WANTS TO TALK TO ME.
I'M SO UNLOVED.
Fiona Apple is trending.
I will confess to owning two of her CDs.
howmuchofthatwasoutloud?
dont mess with mister booze
Great tradition  MG Invite.
Girls from host team present medals to top 6 boys finishers.
Saturday the boys present medals to the girls.
We can tell you are friendly :
: Knick legend and 4x AllStar, Bernard King, is in the house tonight.
give him a uniform to help these team please!
I shouldn'tve given you the Geoffrey....that was a mistake....
Get him to the Greek
You need a guy who will see you wearing sweats, hair messy, and no makeup and the first thing he says is, damn you look beautiful.
Help us trend HUSTLERS LOVE ATL?
Let's go TarHeels.:
EVERYBODY WATCH 10 ON TOP ON MTV TOMORROW!
CODY IS GOING TO BE ON IT :D
In case you missed it  we announced the winner of the Ducati at : congrats to Patrik Kiley!
Thanks for participating everyone!!
I don't suffer from insanity.
I enjoy every minute of it.
The better angels of our nature.
RT : I had a great time in 2010, and talk up the ASI every chance I get.
Excellent theme for 2012!
hey could you follow back please??
:
It's actually really nice to see all the members of Congress mingling and greeting each other as friends.
much better now.
thx.
Oh, Sharon, you won't regret it.
It's awesome...and I hear you about the landing page...but, you can do it!!!!
with Gates out do I go with McMicheal or M.
Lewis
OHMYYYGGOSSH, you saw us?
Hahahahaaaaa, time seems to pass by so slow : I didn't see you!
life is what u make it when the chips are down.
I Need A doctornk Right At This Moment.
Alma Medias Interim Report for JanuaryMarch 2012: Acquisitions increased revenue, digital business now accounts for ...
didn't end up going to Proof.
The bday girl wanted to go somewhere near the restaurant.
But I still have our pic from '09
The new site looks and feels fantastic!
Love the new functionality.
Karl Rove just threw 1.2 million at strong Democratic candidates in five states, his sixth multistate ad buy.
Off to the BMV on a rainy Saturday morning.
What could be better??
;
Gotta wake up at 445 and I can't fall back asleep
Any better luck?
RT Getting there!
Been lazy the last couple weeks ;
: Digital objects in the real world catalysts for real conversation?: wp.me/s1AO1zrepudo And did you finish Mixed Up Files?
:
follow back lmfao
....and only the truly gifted can do all three ....
:
just bought your album from ITunes, love it.
Thanks
lol AYE NOW
i wish.
I think this time around its a plain lack of doctorve
Great job to everyone who participated in the Kemah Extreme Home Makeover  What a moving show!
Thanks for rerunning the Signal interview with misterDelirium!
We're honored to have had Milton Kent  Nathan Sterner on our show!
The new Westercon.org site looks fantastic.
Thanks for all the hard work.
Wow that was amazing!!!
I'm happy with the Timbers doctorft.
A little sad to see Kenny go, but think that this is going to be a great season in PDX!
If I had that job I might start smoking too.
Come morning light, you and I'll be safe and sound 3
Smile, that's what makes you beautiful :
As A People live tonight  Grant and Green, SF.
10pm set.
SCHOLAR Top Of The Morn'n G
Our Coffee Sleeve ads are distributed to these coffee shops on every hot beverage they sell.
teachers call it CHEATING we call it TEAM WORK.
We've had new users join the Foster.ly website every day since February.
Halstead is new york real estate softball champs!
love you beautiful!
xo
I do prefer things that way  calm  cool  just makes life easier.
haha i was not bored!
i texted you cuz i wanted to see you!
Thanks homie!
And yes!!
I have more to come!!!
On my soul!!!
Y'all keep gettin' it in.
Its my senior year.
The lrt is for all my h town ppl
Today in 1970 the first Earth Day was celebrated!
Volunteer to help clean your local park!
Stage Freight Strategies Part 4 8.Absolutely memorize your opening statement so you can recite it on autopilot if you have to.
I just shattered my iPhone screen.
For probably the 15th time.
Literally.
Why the  do I have such stupid luck like this?
Uuugghhhhhhhh!
We'll get it!
Lets merge art and fashion...
I like you.
Let's hang out
I been knew that, lol
Going to the 'Basketball Wives Reunion' this Saturday.
This should be interesting.
Let the exploitation of WOC and ratchetness begin.
get us a flattopfeller license plate and I will pay for your first born's wedding.
sorry...leadership.
Tons of reviews in my site and on Amazon.
The book title is GET IT ON!
Daylight Savings is like a step dad asking to be called dad.
It'll always be an hour earlier to me!
RT who wanna text me:
the Chiefs will rack up plenty of wins now that half their team isn't on IR anymore.
Trust.
RT A writer who waits for ideal conditions under which to work will die without putting a word on paper.
E.B.
WHITE
ah!
Love Norman!
:
: I hate using Adderall for my exams.
Maybe can set up the trip
follow me back please?
shoutout my brother  ...we shared tha same womb nd all that
a no hitter where a player on the same team hits four home runs!
It could happen...
Research's answer to fulfillment is: autonomy, competence/mastery,  relatedness.
Jim Loehr ASTD2012
Kobe is such a baby
Location scout all morning.
Must stretch properly as to not pull my locating muscles.
YO TELL ME WHY TWITTER IS POPPIN DOE FAV IF YOU AGREE
Goodnight Jacob .
Love you !
it's a kinda day...
it's all about the CUNT.
I Love my bro.
Yeah...
Sigh.
RT : Day 2  which SMWLA panels are you headed to today??
Steelers!
Let's go!
what are these weird quotes your saying ha
yaay you're back online : i wanna give my condolence to you for the passing of your mother
Yesterday......all my troubles seemed so far away....................
Now it looks as if it's here to stay.......
Oh I believe in yesterday.
Students from Westside Montessori are touring Mapping Our Tears now.
They will see artifacts  learn about eyewitnesses to the holocaust.
so lame!
Lol
no doubt, I truely love the love.
And we gonna continue to put the Rich in the books!
Period!
I just set my alarm for six AM, with serious plans to make cinnamon rolls for breakfast.
Thanks to ABin5, it could actually happen!
Thanks but to whom are you referring?
Whose accent??
The Vow was good, not what I thought it would be but good.
u be flexxin in the XXL!
Lets Work.
Were I send my info
Time from a doctornk
since i'm on the clock i'll have to settle for a frosty
You better call Tyrone !
thank you, I feel very blessed as well, love you dear!
Sometimes I wonder, what would do?
Thanks for the follow.
Say hi to Joe and Jill Biden.
i runnin off no sleep
we're now following you!
hows the desktop doing?
thanks for the ff!
Brunch tomorrow 9am2pm!
Check this customer favorite out: biscuit with ham, crispy oysters, 2 fried eggs and hollandaise
Seriously...
we still had Upshaw on the board?
I don't get it...
I don't get out till 5306
Thanks for jumping on!
RT : listening to the Sports Bros from Murfreesboro, Tennessee
2009 Pew survey in Egypt, Jordan and Lebanon showed favorable views of Jews at 95, 97  98, respectively!
morning showers are so nice
pretty sure I never did that..no need to make things up!
what you got on the agenda?
The knicks would have been better off if carmelo would have never come back.
Anyone agree?
There should also be one for MyCrazyCat  MY crazy cat tries opening doors and has gotten pretty good at it.
:
When Chris tells you and his misterBentworth idea: 2 quads No lights And glow in the dark things amazingidea 
Hoveround takes me where I wanna go.
Being a former banking institute, we have a great relationship with many of the financial institutions in downtown Boston!
aw yea true....gotta be safe!
I'm writing a lot, so I'm on a 9am5pm sleep schedule.
And people think it would be hard to be a vampire.
tonight playing music from /crownradio
Great!
Thank you!!
Do Chinese people get English sayings tattooed on their bodies?
If I'm going to sacrifice part of my hearing for the rest of my life I at least want the sound to be good.
Article coming soon on subject.
Falcons bring hope to troubled Atlanta neighborhood  Washington Post
My little sister keeps saying Sheeran like Sheerman.
LOL.
I'd like I DONT KNOW WHO ED SHEERMAN IS
Had my second Lance Armstrong sighting this morning.
This time...he was shirtless.
sigh I love Austin.
;
2011.06.25 Brewers 11 Twins 1 A beautiful night / to witness at Miller Park / Twin dismantling.
Good day :
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you 8
lol what I do
Having no internet is the devil.
THEDEVIL!!!!
Wonderful!
I'm reading Taken now, enjoying it.
nice cold shower
Guess who worked until 6 tonight  hates the Fridays she has to even work until 5.
:
nice!
My new one was on sale at newbury comics haha.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Yup.
That's my m.o
Only 1020 chance of rain this weekend?
For Music Fest?
Get real  homie don't play that.
It hurts to be accused of cheating when your not doing it!
Best adult movies from the comfort of your home
This Weather Needs To Go The Hell Away.
Too Hot.
Some people try way too hard to act cool.
Smh...just be yourself dont be a follower of everybody.
I am doctor Perky!
Marc Silver
The joys of letting the staff pick the music!
We try to hire people with good taste.
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late.
Being late sends a negative message.
Buraka was the best on Holy Ship.
Can't walk coz danced so hard :.
Nice meeting Burakas on the beach!
what is your strategy today in the NFL?
what a day.
It might be some game total plays for me
On a road to Success
Everyone says the same thing...
why on earth does she think this is the easiest thing yet??
WAITING TO SEE WHAT ALL THE FUSS ABOUT PLAYSTATION PLUS HOPE ITS WORTH THE 50
Normal dog  blind dog are wrestling.
3legged cat enters fray.
Normal dog chews on cat who then slaps blind dog.
I live in weirdo world.
BLACK TEE BLACK JEANS BLACK SHOES YOU KNW THAT'S TRAP WEAR KnwDat !!!
Nice filter ; That's actually a great idea.
What kills me is irrigation over flow
messengers : I love you !
Awesome job tonight and I'm gonna vote for you!!!!!
:
Dude, how do you do it?
I would love to rent your brain for a few days, just to roam around in there.
Or.
.
.
gnome around.
SHUMP there it is
Sorry to interject, but didn't Nemov compete in Athens.
Remember high bar final?!
Can't wait to go home after class
Feel free to give me a shout any time.
Always look forward to talking with you.
Woot!
Finally got my first blog entry written  posted for
twitter isn't all that...
remade mine a couple of days ago and I never know what to tweet about rofl: share your music!
Taste of Alpharetta 
Somebody Mention Me
You'd think Boy and World would get past that awkward eyestotheground stage by now
I'm not always a fan of Dutch editorials but the ones in the first issue of look wonderful!
Can't go wrong with Amsterdam 3
What should I get into tonight????
I could go for some sun right now.
its cold as hell out here
yes just ordered my shirt from :D
what about irl
I want to have fun.
Throw me a guy that wont judge me for the fun i take and endure the adventures.
Integrate mobile devices, apps; cultivate knowledge of semantic web, cloud computing, web 3.0  2 key trends for fed libs.
Dessy
good afternoon!
It's a beautiful day only because you're outside baby :
: nice work on the s3saver doctorpal module, thanks for sharing!
You know you play too much tennis when you practice your swing with an imaginary racquet at least 5 times an hour
Never really wanted a relationship.
I wanted someone to chill with and talk to..
just someone who's there for me when I needed him
Aspern NY unit shooting...
i wanna be in a band and work with my friends and see them everyday and work with them it must be
Don't want to do algebra homework
thank you Stacey
I need a good doctorMmEr already.it's been a good fifteen years?
Stupid shit my cousin say: is a meerkat the same thing as a lion
OMG, mind halfblown.
Hate being at home  there isn't anything to eat 
Damn auto correct.
It's a calf's heart!
Racist intel commercial?
I think so.
My fellow asian community what do y'all think?
Darren Criss  HUGE maybe...but we all know where my heart lies...
Hope to get the MegaTweetUp on my dance card this year.
Great event.
Keep me posted.
thinks his neighbors are gathering pitchforks and lighting torches.
I would break a bitch back,,,
please, Serious, by the way, how old are you now?
Taking time for YOU is not something you wait for or put off.
See the conseqences of doing so?!
Yesterday, my thoughts were controlling me.
Today, I'm controlling my thoughts courtesy of Romans 12:2.
Im inventing a shirt with coolant to keep u cool when its hot gesh this heat is ridiculous lol
Change is the watchword of progression Unknown
not too much is good?
Whats wrong?
just chillin at the moment..
Tryin to see whassup with u.
Woke my mom up to flowers  a card 
My Personal trainer just called.
Bootcamp cancelled, shovel snow for your workout!
I just love how my YouTube unsubscribes to my favorite people
Oh, what slide is stolen?
I wanna see!
thanks for the mention!

just a few hours from puck doctorp, and, as a former North Dakotan I can proudly say, go DU!
kick some Sioux booty!
oh u no skl  stuff 8/
Todays terrible person  RT Obviously it sucks one of the Beastie Boys DIED, but their music SUCKED
I was haha
The classic Allin shove AQ into AK trick...well done internet poker site!
FUCK OFF!
Money from strangers with the family 3
it's allowed...
and certainly won't be the last or worst!
girl i'm tryna turn us into something...
Disney ICONiacz will never understand.
The street team is out in full force today!!
Find them and get your free gum!!
I know.
it's funny that I don't have any summer clothes either..
AH
It takes time to get to know Sj.
Just give him a chance.
It's legit.
RT: The Museum of Jurassic Technology
hah is that a bad thing?
Peach is kind of fuzzy and nectarine has smooth skin.
Either way, they're both delicious!
Talk about a long ass walk!
Mission was successful though haa
Sun comes out after 3 days...
I am stuck in gray office.
Bo!
Thanks twitterverse for getting the word out.
Amazing how many restaurants are calling US.
Cool!
I put that on Pinterest a while back.
It's the only place I've seen it.
: Dig that it's made it to Twitter  Facebook
no, I agree with you!
I was trying subtly to deride further by adding 'impactful', which is my personal peeve.
Congrats to our friends in for being added to the lineup.
America, get ready to see your new favorite band!
Brewers rebuilding talk on May 10th?One month after the opening series.
Of.
Depressing.
Start that about June 30th.
At the florist for most of the day.
just ordered a soundgarden and mother love bone shirt, bbyz cum 2 mama
aye I'm fucked up at 6am bro..
Grand marnier shots ..
What!!?
We all messed up

Good Morning !
!
Sorry for the confusion.
Please send an email to and we'll opt you out right away.
Sometimes you just have to wait.
Forcing it just isn't the right way to go.
did you get the new maps?
I know you did lol.
Google Places allows many businesses, no matter what form, to list their establishments in a popular interface.
2.
Customer Followup  a series of emails providing customers with useful information about your products and services
Yep!
Riskin it for the biscuit!
Lmao
Happy birthday
People always think I'm a few years older than I am!
RT : Libra females tend to look younger than their age.
haha love it!
And it would be perfect too  he is already married so just friends is what Im better at!
Hahah
Yeampierre: people who need info aren't getting it because of disparity in funding.
institutions led by people of color less funding
I am going to talk to my advisor.
The experience this semester was awful :
Just English, Norwegian and some Spanish.
I can also read Japanese.
My husband's response to the Lucasfilm library internship: It's called Jedi Academyyou have to apply.
how you doing mama?
Ed Murrow: British should have created heroes out of battle for Malta as Americans created the BataanMacArthur legend.
Congratulations on your remission.
Sounds like a real fight for you.
Thanks for sharing your good news!
I deserve to be with someone who will spoil me
: Um...
if there's any left, do you think you could save me a slice?
Please?!
Not surprising that he's been around.
In other news, I vote affirmatively to have gas stations buy me a new car.
Butterfly Clinic this Sunday 9am  LMU.
Make sure to call the office to register 310.390.5700
Did you get my text bro?
What kind of startup do you mean?
My mom just said 'LOL'...
facepalm.
Going to the grocery store is the worst.
Love You Like A Love Song
24 hour Birthday movie marathon underway, first showing Harold and Kumar Go To White Castle
We are delighted with the turnout here at our event!
Southern Tier Heart Walk raises 200K for research  Ithaca Journal
I would like to get rid of the pornbots that are following me but apparently cannot.
So...hello, ladies!
What is the cabbage patch?
Ball so hard
That was Brutal
My gosh.
Even my mom is giving me crap for not going to work in costume today.
.
Great to see you!
Not that I saw.
RT : did anyone approach him?
great to see you all at the cfunk showcase last sat!
sorry the everyone's doing it argument doesn't work here.
Thank you to our registrants so far!
Look forward to connecting with colleagues from St Martin's School
Home from a birthday break with the grandsons in NH.
Now back to work on my novels!
I JUST GOT THAT MAGAZINE!
Woah.
Anyways I put up Niall.
but that's just because I love Niall...and I already had Louis
From now on I will be more grateful I vow to do all that I can Blessing each night I lay down beside her For my wife Im glad I was that man
Hanging out on McKinley Beach for
Perfect!
Get's Rodgers out of the way of the jinx, and throws Megatron right in the mix.
I am trying to decide which type of beer I want to purchase.
working!
How u doin bro?
A business is professortable to the degree that it provides a service or product that makes a contribution to delight in all of its forms.
Tune into this Friday morning to get creative cocktail ideas for summer entertaining from studly bartender, Gabe!
It's funny shaq said artest was doing nothing....then he came out and single handedly built momentum and a lead
m wow I actually liked it : goodjobbb!!
I learned an important lesson tonight.
God is all around us  things happen every second because of Him.
Open your eyes and you will see it!
Why has Mejia's stock fallen so much?
All I hear about anymore are Harvey, ,  Familia.
Did the surgery go poorly?
No idea.
Understand staying, understand going RT Thoughts on the possibilities of Boise State, SDSU staying with MW?
That's awesome!
Okay, but I have to get up at 5.
I already hate myself tomorrow morning.
GiftsGrandmaWontWant an iPhone 4S, seeing as my grandpa doesn't even know how to email lol
prob the only english u knew at tht time
I'll make my own money and take cre of my daughter and myseld by any means necessary.
My hand is never out for nothing...
Tracking doctorms for ...
Time to punk some doctorms with and shaq
This a good game tho
they're like gods there's only one God, and I'm pretty sure He doesn't doctorss like that.
his tweets had me rolling today...SO good.
fuggin, pitchfork.
My sisters have been great, only...
My lips have been lonely.
sighs But...what can you do?
That's a Beautiful Sight
teachers complain that we don't go outside enough.
well maybe if i want doing homework till 11 i would be able to go outside.
but no i cant.
We still on for noon tomorrow?
Who's all going?
KSsynapse 10 withdoctorwn posters at this meeting and that's just those known before the conf book was published.
That seems high to me.
Hm, I don't have the numbers/emails with me as all the info is at my internship.
Sorry, girl.
im fenna take my clothes off  let the cold air hit my body.
That should make me feel a lil better...
Samples, dubstep, breakdowns, glitches, ducked synths, crazy doctorms, horns.
I agree same thing happens to me!?
Takeing the stage in Carrollton, GA at 7
collegemoveout may be the most environmentally unfriendly endeavor of my life.
Are educators and counselors being prepared professorssionally to equip students with the tools to prepare and plan for higher edu?!
Attn Followers  Vinyl Lovers!
We have been admittedly absent lately, but have no fear!
Starting Nov 1, we will be posting new records MF!
Watching Scandal on demand!
Serious and well put together
WHAT UP!
Laker AND Dodger win tonight!!
Keep living with the old memories and you'll never make new ones...
i can talk about about you al day everyday thats how much i miss you
When I see a bruised apple at the market, I give it a soft hug and whisper, Who did this to you?
Laughter  Forgetting.
Great music on a day like this.
Thanks!
Anyone pick up an extra touchpad and want to sell it?
ThatOnePersonInSchool who is SUCH a BITCH
DEY SO ARE
it's fine, I'll just be the rebel in this friendship :P haha
The only thing I want more than anything right now is my baby.
I don't care about anything or anyone else.
Shit day.
I just want my baby...
ya let's go to jerrys
Trying to get a knot out of my back with a maraca.
Technically not a good idea but whatever.
C'mon, tasty percussion!
RT : we had a couple for a shoot fall through todaywho wants to model for us in nyc for on tuesday?
Cool, I'll check it out.
I'm still kind of a new guy, so any guidance would be much appreciated.
Won 5 out of 7 dance battles.
Not bad...not bad at all...
Hello Milwaukee.
Epke Udoh making an incredible first impression.
Genuine.
Ill start some shit with her that day just to have some good sex that night...
The storms are comin.
think of it as curated RSS feed
Lebanon I just received a call from Lebanon over 3G I am impressed
Even if I was interested in Doris, I don't think the feeling would be mutual..
: 
make some more amazing music bro!
boymahomie !:
Gods mercy is new every morning.
Each day we can find a fresh place to begin.
Joyce Meyer
join us for Spellbinding Sounds at St.
Gregory the Great Church at 5535 N.
Paulina, Chicago, IL on Sunday, November 15th, at 4:00 PM.
Any other sports topics you'd like to hear discussed on tonights podcast???
Please let us know..
it came out today
looks like old man weather is cooking up CHILLY again
Baking a cake for the first time in a couple months since my brother bday.
Used to make them things everyday lol.
The help and Moneyball are both really good!
I'm better than what I'm receiving in life, time to make that change and grow.
Want to get emails from VIA w/ opportunities  current news?Send us an email and tell us to put you on the list
happy turkey day!
go pack!
This Thursday Scores Chicago hosts Disco Inferno, our summer VIP event.
You can't beat a disco party.
Open to public after 8pm.
Please RT
Hello Fort Scott!
Getty Kitty?
Too cute!
I love it!
I'll be needing a photo please.
Banned from twitter a la office, but wait, smart pbone..
you're too sweet.
Thank you.
:
Wang Chung time
If Y'all Wanna Eat.
A Papaya Well Don't It Has.
A Bacteria IThink It's Called Salmonella
Have you ever changed a whole text message just because you didn't know how to spell one word?
yep I just follow around that is how I get down pokers rungood yumyum HEADSUPFORROLLZ 
yeah, it tastes like medicine.
I wonder if that's why it's called doctor
Should I go to bed?
Yes.
Do I want to?
No.
mason!
Tell devin he needs to go to your show lol!
Jazzy, me and her bf want to go!
So devin needs to come as well lol
oh fun
As a Dallas fan, sadly, yes.
Utah seems to have their number.
Oh yA
New Pandora shipment arrived recently!
Stop down and check out the new pieces!
Waiting to pick up my new glasses is as good a reason as any to have gelato for lunch.
I would've smacked him with the shovel.
So inappropriate!
Just checked out 's video on ws.
That  was dope!
If we consolidate schools, what happens to optional schools and programs?
question from the audience.
yeah I find nothing Travis does threading or scary anymore.
i hate being left handed sometimes i swear...00
Why didn't anyone warn me about the SXSW wristband tan?
im so pissed!!!
why does everyone have to be on my butt!
Keep it real homie...
I'm sure a resourceful cub like you could find a use or two
I would like to record the fact that I TOLD that the roads were too flooded to doctorve.
I was right, but did he listen???
Wish I could say 3 of us :/ That makes 2 of us!
RT : Looking forward to on today's show at 2:25
duh ;D cause im special brah.
Oh geez.
such a dolt.
SEEthebandSEEthebandSEEtheband!
Trick I hate yo guts.
Contrary to what you've heard, it's not the end.
It's not even the beginning of the end.
In fact, it's just the beginning.
nah im good, thats not for me....
Damn I cant think of something, you got me for now
When the Lakers get mad, they beat on people...
When the Thunder get mad, they BEAT on the Lakers
RT : I like it...
The real measure of your wealth is how much you would be worth if you lost all your money.
Bernard Meltzer
Paul Allen on 300m brain research grant: Our doctoram is to one day uncover the essence of what makes us human
RIP Whitney Houston
I will be playing there Thursday.
Most likely not from the back, though.
We'll have to hit sticks together sometime in the future
No, I'm just sitting here at the house, waiting for the wife to tell me it's time to go.
Waaaaiiiiiitttting.
haha perfect.
I will let you know once make the purchase.
Yes, pink slips.
Paul walker style.
art dates are the best!
Everything is where it needs to be.
On track and balanced.
You can tell its the slow season for sports.
Turtle from entourage is being interviewed live on ESPN.
Twitter users who want to make use of it must first register at RevTwt
Charlie!!
Thanks.
It was doctorving me crazy.
I finally finished :
doctor Thomas Samuelson: Trabecular microbypass surgery is an elegant, minimally invasive approach to treating OAG
HEY!
Go LIKE us on facebook!
facebook.com/missinginalaska
we need to stop being on such a bro status
it's sad, Karen Carpenter just naming foods...
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Some divorce decrees forbid a parent from having a lover spend the night while the childoctorn are around.
Stop in like a spy for the weekend doctornk: the BERRY DELIGHTFUL!
Stoli Blueberi, Cranberry and a splash of a TOP SECRET INGREDIENT!
Some of my Ss use Noterize to mark up PDF's and type short responses.
I love you Austin Mahone!;
I Remember I Got In A Fight At School.
My Mom Showed Up And Whopped Me In The Girls Bathroom.
Lol!
I'm bad sometimes...
doctornk 1 for me!
Roxbury.
We sisters.
An operator that will stop at nothing to get what he wants.
Not a sign of strength but deep insecurity.
WhenAustin hangs out with Alex!
RT if you love !
hahaha.
Katy Perry was a face hugger
Like..
all the way under the bus.
Like they weren't the champs but a year ago.
Chill.
Dislocated patella for Davis...for those Who don't know what a patella is, its your knee cap
hi im rachel i love ur music and my wish is 2 see1of ur concerts so if ur ever in florida plz let me kno!
plz reply if u can
cool!
so he's in a band?
Is it popular?
Sometimes, after concerts, I want to have my camera's babies.
bittermoment there's nothing that pisses me off more than women who don't act their age ...
Señoras porfavor ..
Character is much easier kept than recovered.
Thomas Paine
you are so sad, you can't buy a team.
Don't give up your doctorft for one guy.
Who will protect him?
David Carr all over again.
Just chocked on a cheeeto
Getting excited for thewalkingdead premier .
yup.
I will not settle for the status quo.
I will not make excuses.
I will change my world and the only way to do it is by helping others!
I like my confidence stirred, not shaken.
Add Fairfield to the list of DI schools offering a basketball scholarship to Homestead junior Luke Worthington.
Nosezone burn.
The burn caused by static when my wife and I kiss.
Great meeting the team tonight!!
OG 1
aw dm me
I only feel truly disrespect when people treat me like a nigga.
I hope you realize the rainbow was a joke.
Damm I think I'm crashing In class :/
I do looked possessed, sitting here in the darkest corner of my room.
Twitter....are you ever going to fix my mentions?
: sorry i just smashed my finger in the car door
You're most welcome.
Thanks for the ShoutOut!
I hope you all have a TerrifcTuesday!
apologies for the useless spam...
I was convinced I had fixed the damn feed issue.....
Thanks for the follow, Vanessa!
Hope you're having a great week!
Me:Mom, I'm so in love with my boyfriend.
Mom:Who?
Me:Justin Bieber.
Mom:Really?
I cant wait to meet him.
Me:Me too.
Don't You Want Me Baby?
If you're in the market for PR Solutions....Elton's your answer.
Curiously, she said had roughly the same build.
From the waist up, I imagine.
Mafiozos..hot date
The bulls right now
in professort, or total?
More Voice Actors for OneVoice:
Listening to Watch the Throne is making me feel increasingly poor.
yeah don't get it either Klout on FB app just seems to run me in circles...
..
off of djing for a year now in clubs and shows.
but hopefully ill get back into.
overall focusing on bringing shows......
Thanks for the recent mentions.
:
see my last few  replies.
oops no I meant ew bahahahah
Have a blast!
I'd rather have TheYearofDamon if you ask me.
Klaus can ride with Claus on Dec.
24th!
Is the petrangelo in the LASTL game can of corn's bro or cousin?
I am so relieved that Act isn't even that hard!!!!!
spammy twitterers ruin the experience for everyone!
Oh you think I love you?
you think I'm stupid?
Do I look like cupid?
western is the theme of my life right now.
Auditioning for a western tomorrow.
What happened Kobe???
Why do people get into my account
I don't even wanna go to bed yet, but I'll wake up with tomorrow being Friday, so it's all good.
:D
Learning to Play Piano Over The Summer ?
.
Yes  I Think So.
i sure miss hanging out with friends!
other than fashion shows, i mean just hanging out..i miss that
will be tonight,come by and check it outalong with of course!;
Google Upsets the Ecommerce World...
again.
www.seobook.com/googleproductsearchecommerceplay  Just a reminder that it's Google's game
i miss you brother!
It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate.
Dave Barry
is the antielitist Romney playing well w/audiences?
Seems like it requires a particular kind of disbelief suspension.
And OKC just held serve.
Plenty of games left.
Do not be nervous hey he wears those cute little argyle socks and yes tomorrow is birthday
I like your tweet.
Holla back and folla back!
Dad called to tell me about PR opening at he saw on Would be amazing, I'm sure!
Friends interested?
I am PR and don't cook...assumptions are made about everything...even how we look and speak.....
Great to see Olympia Snowe support healthcare reform.
Now we just need a strong public option added in!
how about some playoff Brewer Baseball tailgate recipes
Not skinny!
Not pretty!
Not perfect!
but has come to the conclusion..
Not bothered!!
Talking travel with the pro's  I've got an awesome job:
hahahahahaha god I miss you lol
I promise that once I find a good thing, I'll hold on to it.
Until then, let me do me shawty
3wordsofadvice Enjoy the moment
Meet our staff!
RT : Whats going on?
I need more doctornks, asap.
LOVIN' the music and the sound.
Brilliant.
RT : You can't spell Sick Awesome Nasty Hail Mary without HAKEEM NICKS.
great!
Thanks for the references!
are you listening to the one about the Rutgers guys beating up Princeton kids?
Thanks Kirsten, your work really inspired us.
We look forward to showing you the product in depth!!!
Cant Sleep /
Great afternoon : with Maggie, Ashley, , and
the old one 
We hope you are enjoying this Cinco De Mayo with friends!
Have a great Saturday!
want to work P N G!!!
Hook me up:
: Big News Today!!
well since can't text me you should!
and I left our numbers on the funnynotes we gave u at ur hotel!
Those are some long ass 2's JR is taking.
we nt playn dem type game my gurl dam u want me tu put ys baby daddy on his feet or sum
you go scott
hahaha I love your world
Happy New Year everybody!
I'm sure it's real tough to get around that, huh?
i'm super late on this, The Barbarian cut UF from his list
...now I have nothing to do
Hi Hannah.
Love, Logan
You can't expect for a man to lead his woman if he have no idea what a real leader is.
He will always fall short..We need God.
This dude now is officially a STALKER
I have to learn the secrets from the master
I know what I have given you.
I do not know what you have received  Antonio Porchia
you look great, nice outfit!
Nope.
I have posted them on SM several times over the last couple of weeks.
Is Google Buzz the result of an all night party hosted by Google Wave in an attempt to increase its popularity by hanging out with Gmail?
wanna get all the latest news on going green??
follow
At Mama T's with mister in Jasper, Indiana.
Happy Valentines Day all you tweeps!
do you think you could help me by doing one of the signs?
except your sign would say Risks
i would think is 1895
It's probably Martin....or a ghost.
Boo i love ur laugh!!!!
your welcome thanks for the retweet.
after you guys left I went back home to get Owen only to be puked on by some random in the elevator!
Very exciting night!
Dear air conditioner, I love standing in front of you.
Hello everyone
How do I weigh 10lbs less than yesterday?
i wish my mom would take me to school in the morning .
ShesTooLazy so she dont .
Bye bye, Lawrence who got the closed mouth smile, JeanPaul  Brent with 6 kids, it was good to know ya.
If Blair starts that means the Spurs' don't care about this game, because we all know what happened when they started Tiago Splitter.
LOL
I KNOW THOSE TWO SUPERSTAR ARTISTS ALREADY!!!!!!!!
THE WORLD SHOULD WATCH OUT FOR THEM.
OMG.
FOUR MORE FOLLOWERS TILL I GET 500.
:D
Yeah, no doubt, deserves it but I bet it is a short leash.
I thought he'd get traded in February.
Juan can't really articulate these questions well.
He should stick to talk show punditry.
Be still and know that I Am GOD.
My mom is a triceratops
i kno..but its the same 4 ya too
I cant wait 2 see how most females going 2 be doctorssin dis summer.
CNBC reporting that over 1500 showtimes for TheHungerGames are already sold out.
Looking forward to seeing why in an hour!
The most important part of making a successful outdoor digital advertising is its content.
Lots of laughs watching David Letterman tonight on the 30th Anniversary show!
chilling on it, sup wit u??
Director of Production, Brian J.
Averill, has been at BlueRock for 6 months today.
How time flys!
Find out for me where Big Bang's staying.
Working in city this weekend.
Mayhaps some opportunity!
We are so badass all of the other badasses look at us and say Wow they are so badass.
Thanks for following
Mosquito bites .
Everywhere.
.
Just made some Nutella hot chocolate
Writing an article about my adaptable model for a game design program.
Will I ever get to page 20?
phew!
made it.
Some things a/bHouston: it's humid, the airport is poorly laid out, the interterminal car is like a ride at Disney world.
Day needs to be over so I can watch the crush the little baby penguins tonight!
Lets go etc.!
ORANGE N BLACK
thanks for following!!!
;
I need new makeup brushes
looking forward to visiting your office for a meeting with Tevon this week.
Just used my Square for the 1st time ...yeah ...I need a tutorial.
Lol
when is your next get together in Massachusetts?
That would be cool.
Think we're going to be disappointed tho.
We got a little video clip at www.myspace.com/theblackberries for your viewing pleasure.
We aim to please...
I know what you mean....I was a little wordy :  .
Some people just don't know how to be concise.
Thank you kind sir and I hope you're doing well.
Uh, 'Student Bodies!' My redemption:Apollo13
sweet!
I was just looking for something to listen to!
I'm liking Living in Vegas so far.
My family is here and it's pretty laid back!!
5 year olds prayer...and Lord forgive us our trash baskets as we forgive those who put trash in our baskets.
raincheck of course.
but what's going on?
who's having radiation?
all okay?
I want to go swimming...
now!
lol
myfavoriteartist is whoever painted Sir Cadagon.
That dude is funny.
Torn...
Between the Knicks and the Magic!
I think I might love him again 3
MyWeakness tomato soup
So true!
: Small is beautiful for investments
Didgeridoo Boy is suspiciously checking out the entertainment wall and asking for a tape measure.
And tape.
Why tape?
: snap crackle fachoooww!
Pop!
Rice crispies!
YOLO.
I got dis doctorankk in my cup and its berry berry punch!
Oh!
I feel like that's where All my followers live lol
Some Girls Should Eat Make Up So They Can Look Pretty On The Inside.
My Bestie hacked me and today lol
lol i already know
A big Morgan Tucker congratulations to Laura who got married on Saturday!
lol well girl get ya ass beat.
Goodnight loves
Reading...
Interaction Design beyond Human Computer Interaction
You might want to hit to find out why.
eating a bacon and bacon sandwich!
YUM!
and on Friday the day I broke it I fell it was funny but then it hurt more
haha awee movie and wine night alone next time hmu
very good...
and busy :
Heat fans are the most ignorant race on the planet
It's a windy day here in AZ.
What's it like in your neck of the woods?
Had a virus on my comp today.
Kept redirecting my google search clicks.
Not anymore!
Thanks to Spybot Search  Destroy!!
:
Awh senior farewell was good :
Seeing my mom cry is the worst thing for me.
It kills me inside /3 I pray for my mom everyday.
I love my mommy 3
TGIF.
KAREOKE and happy hour at my spot Air lounge 59pm Discounted doctornks and food.
www.airoakland.com
will I be seeing you tonight
exam EXAM exam ....!!!!Oops!!
SO STRESS
Can we decree that any dish Tony Style comes with a fried egg on top?
I've been so emotionally unstable lately I don't even know..
hey pretty girl!!!
Great, I finished high school!!
that's what's up
In 2011, my resolution is to get to know and engage my San Diego social network community.
What is your resolution?
www.steveblisslaw.com
no you don't.
The middleaged ladies in the commercial use the word juicy way too much.
Trying hard to prove I can fight bad head cold with dark beer.
So far: 1 Mud Stout, 2 7Grain, 3 Black Butte.
Winning!
We use ultrasound daily to look at bladders and it's really good for looking at hearts.
WE love to hear you are our fan!
Thansk for the kudos :
Gotta love when the NHL playoffs are going on and your city, a major city, won't even get the feed.
They'll play sloppy ass NBA all day tho.
he's flawless picking Bayern
New soldering station acquired...
Maker skill level up!
When Lose Yourself comes on the radio and you expect to hear 's version ...
We will be out from 1:00pm4:00pm having fun spreading the word about Roderick D.
Vereen for Congress 2010 Punch
: JUST ANNOUNCED  at on June 1st for their Farewell Tour!
EXCITED!!!
Online Surfers Wanted!
awe dats good
great to have you guys on the team!
I hate being one of many....
besides any fan that cheers for anyone but Houston is no friend of mine.
LA is rubbish and so are their fansplayers
Fortune favors the brave  Virgil.
Only the weak need constant n consistent validation...n Only the pety feel the need to b 'beta than'...
Scene and Unseen social pictorial by pops on the ipad in the itunes store.
Free release by
thanks chris!
:
3:22 left in game: doctorxel 58 Old Dominion.
doctorgons appear headed to tomorrow night's CAA championship game against VCU GMU winner.
Thanks, from 3pm to close, come by for a free small coffee doctornk.
Just say Greg at the register!!
I accidentally solved world hunger while washing my car
Fuckin kill me now
too busy with wrestling.
You know it's not real right?
The only way to ROC
I think people might want their donations back after the new We Are the World.
I think I'm going to be sick.
M.J.
would not allow this.
Stop complaining.Bring me a bagel.
Maybe you can pick one up for yourself.
That will get you through the day.
hey , i know its been a couple days, but i'd just like to remind you that i hate you
Fair enough.
Who am I to question...
He also has a big zit on his neck and an ugly belt and calls people boo I hate that I notice these things.
Cows are able to hear lower and higher frequencies better than human beings
Good night everybody and you too Gracie!
Not a fan of this.
Lovely concept, but most of us have work to do.
hats off to reporter NelsonGarcia 4 tonight  his tireless work supporting public education in Colorado!
It's true..
Abs ARE made in the kitchen.
Spend a little more time cooking healthy meals and you will be rewarded
lol why u say damn for hun?
Personally I know some gay couples who are more committed to each other than some straight couples.
Have no problem with gay marriage at all
omg  i see chocolate yumminess!
Connected TV: It's not  'If you build it they will come' ..
it's 'If you make it easy they might try it '  E.Wong,Yahoo
.RT: : how can i make my resume stand out to recruiters?
S/o for showing love when he don't need to real nigga shyt!
oh, just asking because i saw your port and I though you had been in the game for a while.
Fair point, but I'm fluent.
Fire everything.
Going of new with my dad with you friends un momento al ratito vengo porque mañAna hay escuela
Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds
When I became CEO I told you Apple would still take risks just as we did under Steve.
So I've put all 100b on 'red'!
Let it roll!
cannot attend the graduation ceremony..
Was just thinking i need to read it.
RT I'll come out and say I've never seen the movie Fight Club sue me now if you must.
One day, when I'm gone, you will realize how much I was there for you.
Win dinner for 2 at TweetWhereYouEat while out for Include doldc to enter.
I want to influence kids on how important education is..
When did you move to Texas?
Had fun at starbucks with and you guys are awesome!!!!!!!
I am obsessed with Honeydew Melons at the moment
I agree, it is one of the reasons I distance myself from THAT faction, it was of a certain actor...
Nothing to be suspicious about, it's me doing the hiring!
i wish Mark would let me sleep with it.
LOL!
It was AMAZING!
RT : how'd it feel to touch Larry O'Brien?
Lol
If you two are Rodgers and Brees, then Glenn Ordway is Caleb Hanie.
Oh!
We were told that there is going to be a surprise country music star performing the night of the rodeo.
No idea who though!
soon to rule the stage at The Plaza.
ROCK it!
Can't wait to hear how it goes!
im def in the A
I guess the same minus the creativity.
DM me your cell number I want to text you something.
I keep forgetting that school zones are enforced because kids are still in school
Four things not to shun for success: preparation, conservation, organization, dedication.
Do you shun any of these?
TheFreakiestPlaceIveHadSex the airport or mcdonalds.
But everyone has sex at mcdonalds
JSU under Okojie's leadership in research brought in 70 million, more than any other HBCU in the country.
Bout 2 pop out in a couple hours
OMG you're daughters are getting so big now, they look just like you..i wonder if you baby boy is gonna look like you too :
Pandora just Rickrolled me.
I feel betrayed.
So we can't say Merry Christmas...
but you want the day off?
Fack it!
Merry Christmas to all!
Playing so well!!
GOGOPHERS : Goldie 
im sorry i can't be perfect, at least i try,
MobWives finale did not disappoint!
Happy the girls made up...
Well, mostly made up!
Still Team  !
;
ReplaceATLSongsWithSkunkHair ?!
really why dont u just shut up!
shoulda hit the 40's in that freestyle video.
How about that Lebron?
; Thanks, dear ones.
Gotta go get work done now.
xoxo
THE BOMB DIGGITY ....
Describe SXSW in 3 words...
Dinner, mall, many laughs,  chlled.
today was a coo day for us :
End of one period at Mariucci and no score to report.
Shots are 157 in favor of Minnesota.
White Owl?!
hehe Miss you!
RT : haha nowhere too exciting.
Just Logan.
Mini getaway!
My 4 and 6 year olds play there.
I'll be a bit late to the big orama.
of course!
ThingsIReallyCantStand are when people miss pronounce zayn harry liam louis and nialls names wrong
President Obama choppering to Clooney's house in Studio City.
Remove the allergens!
love to coach, but 7 yr old will have to wait another time for camp, we financially straped.Hoping to change these times!
Don't Fuck With Me , More Like I Don't Fuck With You
i get P.L.U.R 3333 peace,love,vanity: alltherage //
haha.
It's not bad there is great information!
Good luck with Let us know when the site comes along!
Amazing customer service today!
Miguel is fantastic!
I'll be back!
Help us connect with Rhode Island fostercare youth  alumni to empower through entrepreneurism  self reliance
Ridiculously Hot in Chicago!
Not that it's any of yall's business but I have a parasitic twin growing out of my stomach
We're not dating, but every time someone fliets with you I want to punch them in the face.
Well that was a big mistake.
Then why does it take me to an Act Blue website?
Missing Paris  Brussels today.
Gotta plan another trip soon!!
Is Hosting Salsa Thursday Irie!
Dance lesson starts at 8pm!
Good morning :
They have a lot of tardy whistles.
That's disgusting RT Wait.
Jerry Sandusky's autobiography is called TOUCHED?
I'm glad ur super familiar with Boy Band music.
;
Playing with Aftereffects is my new hobby...
Wow, I'm real cool.
Hey, Benji!
Pretty good!
I'm so glad I went, it was awesome!
I think you'll really like it
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age.
Robert Frost
I doctorpped a bowl of cereal on my crotch.
hahah I'll get working on my wheelchair sail then, just to be ahead of the curve.
watch out for rockets at 11pm Mohawk inside.
PF Changs and The Avengers.
Happy Birthday to me!
The two hardest things to say in life are hello for the first time and goodbye for the last.
Gasp, Regina!
I can't imagine you evening uttering that three letter word!
Phishing is a major problem because there really is no patch for human stupidity  Mike Danseglio
Slow down and enjoy life.
Its not only the scenery you miss by going too fast, you also miss the sense of where you are going and why.
I'm fine now but once I actually get to my Grammy's grave I know I'm gonna lose it.
Still doesn't seem real
Frank kills the buzz on these podcast sometimes : It's not his fault, he's just trying :
Yes, because the Ayatollah would allow them to be on doctorgs.
Or Ahmadinejad for that matter.
Look at Bahrain, end argument.
Phx win tonight??
Yeah, That's Right!
I am a Momma's Boy...But, I am my lady's Man.
That's one thing the both of them understand!
Happy Mother's Day!
coming up soon!
But to my mind, though I am native here And to the manner born, it is a custom More honoured in the breach than the observance.
my friend is in the middle of building a studio but I'm not sure when it will be finished.
Kinda sucks.
Soaking in gratitude for our team.
Simply the best.
follow me
I need something now!
Why the hell we lose again Miami Heat man Dwayne wade need to step his dam game up
He's gone.
Enjoy what he gave us years ago.
yeah you never hit me back bro when we texted that's why it been quiet
that's great lol
library101 the focus should be on those essays...not the tech apps.
Are Pokes fans puckered up tighter than a snare doctorm yet?
Life is perspective.
Be positive.
oh word.
yay for homosexuals but no gay shit.
Study hall.
Sposed to be doing homework, but nah.
Lynn Eaton from Duke Hartman Center.
Digitizing ads.
View company as copyright holder.
Trademark craziness!!
Sounds like a great sports weekend!
What's the best example of an institution using digital content?
Im saying , I'd never wear A gucci belt if it wasnt real lol
thanks for the retweet re: CAPS International.
how you feel abt 'this is what we do!' now?
We'll start: Texas friendliness, unique Texas history, and rich, diverse Texas culture.
Shameless self promotion.
today's sunday : no !
plz follow me
Judge your worth and value by what God says about you in His Word, not by how somebody else treats you.
Ephesians 2:410
: Round 2: Tuesday night we will play McKinney North at Wylie Stadium.
Game is scheduled for 6:00pm.
We will wear white.
Tony Allen just smashed it on jaminson.
Dang
Was at today looking at shoes, salesman asked me if I needed help, I started to answer and he just walked away.
Romantic Tip 4: Keep candles in the car.
Eat dinner by candlelight the next time you go to McDonalds.
Your welcome....
I've been roaming around I was looking down and all I see ....
houstonevents Sep 23,2011: Legends of Texas featuring Trio Loco  A Tribute to ZZ Top: 7:00pm: House of Blues Houston.
funny!!
But who is maj Tom???
Was accused of being a poor public servant who doesn't care because we charge 0.20/page for prints.
Adjusting to my temporary home in the Museum District.
Forgot how nice it is to go run at Rice and take the train to go out downtown.
:
Interesting: Whole Foods ties preparing meals at home to the eat local trend in their new Valentines radio spots.
Will u eat this yr?
I want pancakes with sprinkles
Lady, I GET YOU.
xoxoxoxo
The best way to avoid being pepper sprayed is to do what the person with the pepper spray is asking you to do.
Can someone please bring me a powerade slush....
Can somebody lend me a quarter?
I'll meet you back in this exact spot next week at the same time?
Seems like this day is lasting forever for some reason .
Probably because I am sick :
Have a happy Monday!!!
Look out for an upcoming sale that Tabandeh has to offer!
Umm...
if the first two tracks are any indication, this new Devo record is seriously gonna deliver.
Thanks.
I'll try harder.
It looks delicious!!
La Vida de Cuba: via
Need to get a lot of studying in?
The bookstore is a great place to study.
Changing your location can boost productivity!
Google launches speaktotweet service with Egyptians in mind
At post office to mail out promo CDs but it doesn't open until 10!
Who knew?
Lol
Where did you go to college?
I was in doctorgs and society!
DON'T !
love brother
Off to work and hoping you'll read School Cave, Part 2.
Thanks.
I think he's kinda awesome :
My husband is so boring to buy for!
His bday is in 2 weeks  he wants a camo pants  noisecanceling headphones.
Really?!
Why put of til tomorrow what you can do today?
Who has a sense of urgency?
Anyone?
Anyone?
Bueller?
Bueller?
Baking today's cookies with extra love.
Have an awesome and merry day everybody!
Re: Can Geoengineering Combat Climate Change?
Great list!
will also Mother's Day Brunch: 2 crepes, 1 sweet cheese pancake  1 Assorti pancake for only 7!
Been in the office since 9am and time is flying by.
I just love booking and planning parties....
oh shit!
That's crazy!
Haha, I always get excited when a website I built gets mentioned on Smashing Magazine.
The older you get the more real life and understanding your purpose becomes.
Good morning texts
hi!!
Would u like some info on our food event so ur kingwood, tx store can get more customers?
You're enjoying the sale day as much as I am, huh, Bill?
Well played!
RT : RT : not taking summer classes was the single best decision OF MY LIFE
Hey, how is Rome's Pizza?
so we're getting together Sat for Chelsea game?
I'm so pumped for that game!
I am super tired...in need of a vacation
At least WI fell to Butler...
and delighted Duke fell!
Come Marquette!!
I can't believe all the doctorps, and turnovers.
Can Aaron get 17 in 6 minutes?
Show me 3
To our outstanding faculty, I shall work for you and with you along the way.
a couple folks have said the same thing.
I suppose it's not the most pleasant sounding word...
But I wouldn't banish it.
All user blog feeds on Artician are now Atom by default.
RSS 1.0 and 2.0 is also support and will be enabled soon.
cool It's getting there
100minutes im so ready for boyfriend ;P when is our wedding?;D
Yelp Deal end today!
Buy 120 of credit at RCS for only 60.
The credit does not expire but the offer does today!
it was our pleasure let's mob again soon!
Yay for more n bettr transit in Maryland !
Work work work work then noise noise but i rather doctornk my black coffee here :
Everybody go follow she follows back everyone!
D
Hahaha Wow I Would Hate To Have Her As A Teacher ..
The is always FREE!
They've got mummies, armor, jewelry and old master paintings.
And it's all right downtown.

They did indeed!
That episode would have been a lot better had The Fonz actually fell into the tank!
LOL
Good goal.
To tell a story in dance music the musical layers need to act as connecting threads.
You just have the vocal loop.
So crazy how it turns out they're all figments of Caroline's amphetamine psychosis oh shit wait sorry
Game 6 in Miami with home court advantage for the MiamiHeat!
Lets tie it up in Game 6 Miami Heat!
Hi Steve, I saw your post on RockYou social gamer tips  looks great!
Actually can't believe i just fell down the stairs.
I'm traumatized ..
PLEASE, Follow Me:D
LIKE.
Comps lists?.
RT: : Castle Rackrent: go.
I like how we tweet eachother instead of texting...
I hate that dumbass view behind home plate.
I can't see shit.
Hello Milwaukee!
Info for our Youth Football Fundoctoriser will be available very shortly, but save the date...July 12th, 2011!
k let me check on some dates
hit up Beasley and Hastings...
Sure they'd love to play
Check it out orioles and red soxx now that's a baseball game brother
Do you need Air Conditioning Repair we've got u covered call today 9722342336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
Grateful for my publicist who LOVES The Good doctoram  is anxious to spread the word.
A team who believes makes all the difference!
I know how to fix the problemviaDUCT TAPE!
That won't work.
Refacing ur kitchen/bath cabinets can give ur rooms a gorgeous look w/out spending tons of ...xx
I just had a telephonic meeting with Papa John's, and they agreed in principle to deliver 3 pepperoni pizzas.
I call it a victory.
Action expresses priorities.
My life, my choices.
My mistakes, my lessons.
Not your business.
ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo use coupons at the dollar store..
HA!
I knew you were going to say thatyes but perhaps not as purposefully as you are doing with Arabic music.
Something is awry with the twitter app on my mac it only seems to update when I post.
Feature or bug?
FEATURE OR BUG?
im laughing
Happy Mothers Day to all my fellow Mommy's in twitter land!
I'm sorry that episode of cold case was sad
I can't believe this /;
no strings attached like a cordless phone.
If you have a music blog feel free to review our album.
This is us giving permission, just send us a link so we can throw it up here!
Infusion therapy workflow should not be so difficult!
Seriously Chicago's airport is stuck in the 80s.
Nowhere to charge your phone!
Lol
I'm downt to help film or edit...Got all my own stuff and I've got the chops on editing too....:
Living with Wearable Tech, 5 minute Ignitestyle talk.
John Wayne Hill,
I will win this contest!
:D
as always!
The rockettops and carousel revolt were damn good as well!
Sorry I missed you there, well catch each other again!
Yeah, I mapped these vs.
actual abortion providers.
I'll dig up a link.
/cc
Hey guys!
We are at a friends and woke up with Sam and Cole.
Can you say awesome?!
Sisters Softball practice then idk yet :
be more than awesome:D fantastic!!!!!!!
Y'all not even bein real wit yourselves.....jus sayin oh trayvon this and y'all don't even knw bruh....much respect 2 him and may he R.I.P
Dear Buffalo, you are the smelly, cheesy camel toe of Western New York.
Your inhabitants are nothing but degenerate inbreed twats.
Fuck You!
You was just waist of time .
i heard the entire east coast was hit by an earthquake............
All we can do now is pray and hope for the best..
Did the subject of the photo have nice baps?
It's Thirsty Thursday!!!!!
Enjoy a Strawberry Stinky Gringo tonight to celebrate :
Getting yanked off of a golf cart while in motion.
I'm stunned that it's news to people...
The Boston Workers Alliance is conducting a CORI sealing Day Fri March 4, 11pm to 3pm at the Dudley Lib in Roxbury.
Have a CORI?
Be there!
well hopfully , he realizes that he misses yuh :
MadeinPa expo this week!
If your business touches manufacturing in Western PA check it out.
Filner doesn't have a question for the other candidates, he says.
That's for the audience.
nice tip man.
I'm glad you picked up on that.
Great app so far.
Excited to see where it goes
MTV  Transmodern Fest Rumor is for April Fools Day!
People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves.
I wonder who's gonna win Monopoly!
The rules are simple!
that's why you two sluts get along so well
I was trying, but limited to 140 chars!
Good morning everyone.
Welcome back.
Look on the bright side.
It's Tuesday already!
I WAS CHASING DOWN THE FEELING
RT 90 of Inmates will serve sentences be released Then what?
That's a good question...
22 Bro, why would you pursue someone that wouldn't require you to get closer to God's heart to win their heart?
pounding head on desk
One vote for the NBA dirtiest playeryou will be surprise with the answer
I'm either a tired b really tired, or c crazy.
Take your pick.
Trying to save ecosystems has more to do with changing egosystems.
Don Rittner
tenks Betty.
And thank you for not embarrassing me.
TwitPicYourSmile DO IT :'D
Thank you!
It's an honor to be listed among such lovely ladies!
I can go on all night about those two.
but I'm saving that material for my comedy tour lol
And we're off!
you have to unlock your account  can't be private our CEO can help for free.
I think we missed the call, too.
When did it go out?
Got our official company paperwork in the mail today!
Lets get this party started!
Ben from LOST is sitting five feet from me.
Anyone have a message for him?
I like it!
Very diverse and fully bodied.
Would you be interested in a free personaltraining session?
then wondering why your life sucks
I've got a hankering for Disaster.
hahah what'd you think?!?
Tebowmania sweeping the nation!
Fox has switched a ton of cities to the BroncosVikings game
In Seattle one wears wintery coats , and the other doesn't.
RT : Go Seahawks!
Glad you had a blast.
Thanks for the pic!
RT At the parkhere popup , sponsored by So much fun!
we've had that for months
If your against your shit to me family included
Congratulations to you and your family!
Love her name!
Your childoctorn's names are all pretty cool!
I heart him more RT : I'm smuggling a knife in my checked bag for made me do it.
I need 5 guys!!!
what took u so long wtf ;
Bro fuck it im come back tommisterh bra we going 1000 bro cuz im realizing im doing shit i dnt wanna do bro FMG im puttn all in
Dear Rondo just because you hit jumpers late last game, that doesn't mean you can take them whenever you want now.
The Citi Marketing Panel and Case Discussion event yesterday was really interesting.
Looking forward to more events like that!
After how many years, I finally cancelled my myspace account.
Time to put the past to rest.
okay brb im gonna type up a Twitlonger to explain everything okay?
Okay cool I 3 you guys.
never will i do that again.
aww damn it!
cool zombies!!
can't wait to see the game now
haha destiny made me : I'm with her haha
riding with u most likely...
What time u heading out?
And what u mean us?

Supt Raymond is here giving testimony on a bill Asm Dickinson is carrying; told story painting teacher in negative light.
Yay!
Got some of LoMo too 
Nothing can bring you happiness but yourself.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
LUCKY!
No more braces for you.: too bad im still a braceface.
..
Make Your Desktop Glow with These Wallpapers
cum c me perform at 318 west 53 st between 8th and 9th ave at broadway comedy club on nov 18th at 700pm please come support me
That's true.
The only conclusive aspect of this study is the need for more studies and research to answer the question
Dude, that's CRAZY.
So you've had the desire to run the day after a marathon as well, even tho u couldn't even walk??
Mitch Barnhart hit a home run today by signing Matthew Mitchell to a long term contract extension through 2019.
He's built a solid program!
Former US Senator and Wayne Morse Chair Russ Feingold will explore the topic of corporate electioneering today at 4 p.m....
thanks liz!
miss ya too!
Hm....
I think its time to release another BRAND NEW BOOTLEG!
Horrible AM.
Woke up with no Was on hold for an hour with cable company.
All gd now tho...I'm back rocking the quadbox.
Enjoyed a crabcake and beautiful sunset in Easton.
Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons.
R.
Buckminster Fuller
If you can't even graduate high school,
SEC dominance.
Football  Alabama, Basketball  Kentucky!
I just picked myself a fooseball table
i told her if i change, she wont get a pennyLil Wayne
: Settled for the grilled cheese sandwich  always so good and yummy!
and you didn't make me one?
why doctorams are stuck on zany...
ugh
yo there is no link....
i went to the circus and before the show i heard a big time rush song the song was big night i was just singing along.
Welcome back to the twitter game
NewRulesofCivility 100.
When wearing a backpack be aware that you are taking up extra space and make allowances
BBC reports from Iran that there has been NO CALL TO CANCEL TOMORROWS SEA OF GREEN PROTEST.
There will be public fourms conducted during the public education audit.
Another death has hit our family, my Uncle Charles Smith passed last night.
Prayer Whatever happens.
Whatever what is is is what I want.
Only that.
But that.
Galway Kinnell
Dallas will go home crying tonight!
Back from Puerto Rico with my beauty pageantquota filled, both MIss Universe PR and mIss World were held this weekend, dominating airwaves
My NYU buddy Corey always goes to that.
You gotta look him up.
More about that later.
story leads to movie Tales from the Darkside
AWWW SHIEEET.
TIME TO MAKE SOME PLAYLISTS.
i'll get the handcuffs and whips.
;
Discussing that right now actually...
duh!!!!!
i may have bought 2 just in case me and you want a pizza party before 6/30!
Knock on heavens door.
Will be choosing between UK, GTown, Cuse or Boyd Crowders gang.
Free lunch NOW!!!!!
If we learn to live our lives moving forward, then we won't spend so much time trying to forget the past...the past is the past...
if Flacco wasn't pissed off for greatness, Ray Lewis would be pissed off at him and then he'd be dead.
followed back
Some people should not be allowed to eat in public
USE folks who have purchased tix to promo
There are no overnight successes, just people that worked really hard behind the scenes pouring their blood, sweat and tears into an idea!
Save money on your emmy entries.
Early deadline is a week from today
yeah I got those too
I think its funny how people come up with the strangest excuses to justify why their terrible relationship is actually normal.
I need my fan.
I'm sweating like a piggy.
it's weird and confusing!
Peyton Manning soon to be released.
Never thought I'd see the day.
Break a lip: I'm on my way to Trinidad, Jamaica and Barbados to run my mouth.
Spread my regards.
already seen it
As Arts  Humanities Month ends, count the Quidditch trickortreaters and be grateful kids still read!
Man scary as hell!
Lmao
By you reading other people's life, what they do, its annoying  FB shows a different side of your loves ones!
Wow.
I am DONE with theater for the semester.
Almost.
First postFukushima legislation to emerge from U.S.
Senate  bill to force taxpayers to pay for development of new nuclear reactors
Never forget your family they are there when you need them and pray for those that need to open up their hearts to them
HoCo, Don't miss out on this deal!
Half Off Jerrys Subs  Pizza in Owen Brown.
ColumbiaMD livingsoci.al/rspTbB
Kicking the week off right with another settlement appointment!
twitter is soo boring....
Be nice for someone to own up to their mistakes.....
needs to quit with the excuses.....metta too
ObamaInHistory Henry Ford, after consulting with Obama, revolutionized the auto industry.
Obama repeats history with GM a century later.
Just what the country deserves: a pampered, bullying asshole at the top.
she will be down there in DC with her phat ass 4/21!
See It BIG  Build It BIGGER!!
NPR Bestsellers: Paperback Nonfiction, Week Of May 3, 2012
: Michael is the new Omar!?!
What a twist!
the wire series finale?
Circle start getting smaller
I absolutely hate the fact that I could buy one of the coolest cars I've ever seen but I can't because I have nowhere to put it.
I just got the best nastygram ever about this conference paper.
I guess I better finish it.
NW what's love gotta do wit it  classic
it's 4:00 in the morning over here in Florida and i've stayed up all night trying to get you to notice me :/
we'll see what we got in the oven.
oh aha u live in LA
Congrats to my bro on signing with the , talented player and great bro!!
Gdluck today dooober!
Nuggets have the Rockets in town tonight.
I'm keeping an eye open for some tickets.
now everyone who hate danica because she can't do any stock car well people look at her now since she cable of pole win and win race so hush
Haha, I think will be up for it.
If I see him, I'll let him know you and are interested.
Assume you're in!
My brother quacks me up lmao A
RT : Thanks for coming in!
online at PHL for a bit waiting for a connection, then home
I'd love to read but I can't seem to tear myself away from watching baseball in my underwear while eating candy.
I tagged u in it because u b lookin 4 funny shit like tht.
Lol
you're not alone!
no anxiety here though, just the whole up at 4am thing...
nathan when are you guys gonna announce the dates for your north America tour in August?
:
They just poured Sanford Chardonnay  Frog's Leap Merlot.
Good start!
RT Blackberry  iPhone.
Phat pockets!
Reminds me of the 3210  pager days.
Why did I keep both!
Gym?
No.
Gym?
Uh uh.
Gym?
Ehhh.
Gym?
No.
NO.
It's almost boating season...
I hate you.
Gym?
Waking up at 6 pm on Saturday...
Story of my life?
I think I love you!!!!
I'm gonna have to follow you now, Memphis rocks!!!
Hate Nashville and Tennessee Vols!
Tigers Rule!
I love that show.
Let's do an F, Marry, Kill with the show's characters.
Unfortunately one person will be left out
Just listened to that song, love it!!
And I just watched the video you posted, it is so good!!!
Honey, nobody's perfect, it's okay.
well we have to make sure we pick back up!!
:D
That's right and Tennessee is pretty empty when it comes to punk too.
I guess we'll just have to start using Paul Mitchell's stuff...
Good morning tweeties :
Haha, this is exciting and brutal.
Can't we just get a real hitter up?
your welcome!:
well that's how they roll.
Having a blast at the tonight!
2 great crowds!
Glad I taped!
My mom is making me take her to see the Avengers...
is rocking Irvine Improv with Dat Phan on Wed March 25th.
Then Happy Hour on Thurs, let me know if you want to roll.
Thanks, my friend!
I felt the advice on all fronts was evenly distributed...and the conversation wholly enjoyable.
what about me????
Im left
When the supermoon hits your eye like a big pizza pie...thats annoying...
Right, so cripple the hospitals.
Sorry, nose, but the face must be spited.
enjoyed chattin' with you guys.
Thanks a bunch.
u still do workouts in milwaukee or u done here?
thanks for
I wanna se that movie!who gonna go with me?
: omg name your fans u guise.
Y'all need a name.
Send ideas now.
Congrats on your CMA awards last night!
Well deserved!
:
Thanks.
Can you give me a shout out on the air?
:
Hard at work preparing for the Braves LIVE pregame show, which starts in less than 10 minutes on SportSouth.
Tune in.
The MotorCityStepShow would like to congratulate the men of Alpha Phi Alpha on 105 years of excellence!
We def have the Spelling Bee cast down.
im glad u had fun guys
What part of I'm sick so I'll probably be calling you to pick me up early do you not understand, dad?
Thinking about, Be suspicious of what you want.
rumi
Waterous: COasset is good education policy, good workforce development policy,  good economic development policy
Former Madison Mayor Dave among those in the crowd tonight, doling out high fives and handshakes after Barrett's speech
RT : First event of the week, socialsports  who's going?
Slow is smooth, smooth is fast
I need knee pads for Volley Ball, and Graduation balloon and ish.
Happy Birthday !
Hope it is fabulous !
your book is the first physical book I have read since 2010, true story.
Hey , Hook me up w/ passes!
I will buy you another Texas Longhorn shirt when you get to Austin!!!
R.I.P Bingo.
I miss you so much buddy!
'
Meeting wit Freedoms worship leaders 2nite...
Looking forward to our meeting and what will come thru it for our church!
Thank you, what a nice compliment.
Here's something I thought I'd never say : roasted seaweed makes the best snack EVER!
Data shows that in 2010 in the EU, English was the language chosen by a majority of students.
Best thing that happened today  Lil's first time to fly a kite.
New Signature cocktails on now at Lottie's!
Come in for a Luscious Lane or, perhaps, the Jalisco Flower.
hmm well congrats then for starters 
ICantDateSomeoneThat I cant trust.
Sad that on day of anti SOPA / PIPA protests, Sup.
Court issues disastrous Golan opinion approving destruction of public domain.
heck yeah I'll be living up to my nickname highlighter
Thanks!
I've got a 3outlet, I don't think from Belkin.
No USB,  sometimes I need more plugs.
Having Turner stand in the corner for two straight years when he excels with the ball in his hands is CRIMINAL!
thanks so muchh for following!
: i hope you had a fantastic day, be sure to checkout 3
yea we definitely have to doctorve !
I wanna see the world !
Lol have to figure out how much it will cost
Hi Bonnie, thanks for following us!
Dang I think this might be the first night in awhile I'll stay up past 1 haha
I have 900 pictures on my iPhone and I've had it for a week 
At home w/ the family watching DWTS.
We love this show  competition is fierce.
Donald doctorver is killing it tonight  he is my favorite.
I snoozed my alarm 10x today!
What was the point of even turning it on?!
Don't ever lie or hide something from someone.
It only ends up hurting them in the end.
sorry everybody idk whats wrong wit my twitter
Thanks for the s/o Dave.
Have a wonderful Friday!
Yum RT : Dude, my interactions are so sexual right now
you two are on my timeline with what looks like dueling death sentences on the RedSox 2012, it's actually funny
I'm only talking like a fool if you're a sheep that blindly follows what everybody says.
I have done NOTHING AT ALL this weekend :
That one office gum popper who sits several feet away but whose chew sounds thrash about dead in your ear ...
I'm following you girls on instagram and I'm absolutely obsessed!
Wild Wednesday from 3:30 to 5:30.
Who's the best League of Legends player in South Tucson?
Here's your chance to prove that it's you!
Hey!!
Hey!!
U r very beautiful!!
I just wanted to tell you that 
Damn that movie brought back so much highschool memories .....
some wild times
someday, but someday...
we will have actual mass transit in LA!
Eating fresh at Subway and hear 's Stronger.
Thinking of that cool Toyota commercial with and
doesn't seems like they're been recorded.
Hopefully I'm wrong.
Hilary only has one more week at SBS!!!!
Make sure you call to book your last appointment with her 252  9522
Well...
I follow a few and my ex husband is Canadian.
cool, great show!!
preach RT RT : Mondays rule  no one
Folks, just wondering, why is there a C Green Line stop  Baltimore/Gay street?
So this one bitch told the teach mistercome here i wanna hug you and my teacher goes over their and hugs her O.o tf?
Whats going on?
definitely do that.
And check out south Baltimore crossfit.
Sean is the owner...he rocks!
it is absolutely a great day the relegation battles are the story.
If only city can tighten the gap to make the top matter
Just added to the WFX2012 ROBE lighting
Sounds good!
RT : the last one is the one that counts!
they woulda never had a last shot if it wasn't for him tho...
Happy valentines Day 1direction hope ya had a fun day today 33333 i love ya 4 ever i will keep doctoraming tell i meet ya in person ;
I received K about Facebook from Thanks again brother!
I've got to say....
agents know how to have a great time!!!
What an AWESOME conference weekend!!
Looks like it will be a game 7 in the Lakers vs.
Nuggets series.
best place to find a hypocrit is in church, I agree.
So next sunday I think imma go see avengers who's trynna go with
Dude It Was Awesome Talking To U On Ustream Thanks For Answering I Love Pair Of Kings
300k apps, 7 billion downloads in iTunes alone ;
Saw the Gophers volleyball team at the MKE airport last night.
Said to a group of players: You know what Badgers love to eat?
Gophers!
A4: Look at what happened to baseball because a generation basically started playing other sports.
FollowFriday Here are some of my favorite people to read:
Let your thoughts be Self Approved  your life will improve.
Do not seek outside for what is already within you!
Hello, my name is He Who Must Not Be Named.
great meeting you at prsaicon conference.
Hope our paths cross again.
Cool product/platform you have over there!
:
yeah, sweet girl, I heard you were in my room while I was out!
Not cool.
Definitely tomorrow.
PMSSEM talk for sure!
It is one of life's bitterest truths that bedtime so often arrives just when things are really getting interesting.
good meeting w/ they running a full page ad in issue
Got some new sounds coming feeling like a kid all over again
applying for a passport
This is great : We need /LAWYERS.TXT; robots.txt is for machines not lawyers
Anybody else feel really unwelcome at church?
theydon'tcallitthecryroomfornothing
happy birthday
bruh i broke my nose and went to the hospital..you got iss lol
people who live in misery will do anything they can to try to bring u down spiritually follow me
and yes, we're ILTHONing.
hey Boo Boo!
Can't wait to see u!
Tell we gone all Poke It Out.
climbing on top of table
rats: now something has gone wrong for our intended celebration.
Wait...
Why do they call it head over heels in love if our head is always over our heels?
LOLOL okay!
:P
your shoes are freaking killing me :
Has anyone gone for it and ordered the Mark I?
I feel sorry for her man.
I had to go to sleep w my ipod on in my ears!
Thankfully my Kristi is a snuggly good sleeper.
Miss her.
a lil?
Hah jkjk : its good, walked all around campus  now I'm eating at this steak place, still waiting on my food though 
Damn wine spritzer ...
Who knew?!
Shirt!
Im still mess2de up.
Facaaaack
Hey My love!
IS MY WHOLE LIFE AND WILL ALWAYS WILL BE
yup tell mhe y i was bout to throw ur stuff away, iprobaly come ova tmisterw if im not sick anymore
BUT I am 99.9 positive I never would have been doing the writing I'm doing now, and I love this life so much.
That's MUCH better than free ice cream :
think Spider Man will be as Nice as Avengers?
Didn't wanna give Kendoctorck Lamar a chance but after today i'm officially hip.
yeah!
And then graduation on Saturday.
I'm glad I'm not the only one up this late studying lol
you gotta get people hype to that ray jr.
m.g.k I know Video caught it the other day it was
Thanks for having me on the show !
Im at LSU for another tourney!
ill be back on tuesday.
you just have to stay positive :D
The use of perfume goes back as far as the Egyptian era, where they would use perfume in religious rituals.
Ask Molly, I gave her team a few hints on some calendaring and online meetup sites that support time zones much better.
I've just realized that my pillows are not vegan.
I'll be trying these when im in town
ohmigod!
So sorry about that I need to ask my friend for it!
It's been too busy for me to remember anything:P
Stop.
Put your pencils down.
RT : .
beat the Phillies in the 11th with a walkoff hit by Wilson Ramos!
179 for the season!
is statesponsored sexual harassmentSurely this will not stand
Last night's Daughters of Hip Hop showcase was CRAZY!
Congrats to: 1,000 winner Lady Karma, 500 2nd She Real, 250 3rd Boss China.
RT if you want to come to your hometown.:
Aside from the necessities, the one comfort item I won't travel without is .
Smashing Niketown windows?
Come on guys, the new Seahawk uniforms are kind of cool.
Complete overreaction.
Sweet Saddie NP for my mama
Biggest loser Yankees or Rangers.
I know this involves Lee, but still think it is an interesting question.
i lovee  a song for mama  thats my mama ringtone , lol : that song makes me cry !.
All you have to do is relax and feel your history, because it will never go away and there is no future without it.
On my phone I'm on twitter tweetin..
I see a buncha biscuits lookin at a nigga cheesin
So true!
RT I'll bet all you people still using blackberrys and andoctorid feel like real assholes now.
How has he done in the clean up spot?
YouWasSexyUntil i found out ur a trouble maker wit felonys...
coming back saturday!
party is sunday!
Hey!
Are you still interested in the production manager gig?
I think you would be great for the project!
AK
T3AMAV3NG3R flee from the norm embracing individuality as being different and weird.
TAoverEVERYTHING!
NEVER FOR GET THE PEOPLE THAT PUT U ON
Lmfao so he hangs up.
shrugs
The perfect can be the enemy of the good.
Beware paralysis by analysis.
Good point, I'm a loner  a rebel.
Maybe you wouldn't understand.
We got married last night.
You must be mistaking my Siwon for another.
Lol
: Yes you MAY WineWednesday  cheers!
Still haven39;t watched your movie.
Life has been so hectic lately.
Now C has pneumonia.
In a hurry for me to return it?
I have way more fun hanging out at white bars
Do he do it like me?!..
Because they're chucking paper books or because they're producing more and more?
I need to perform at the power game bro special guest !!
That man never answers his phone lmao RT : Does anyone have papo's number ?!??
show confirmed for July 19th at beauty bar Austin w/ businessman
Stay present!
RT: The ability to be in the present moment is a major component of mental wellness.
Abraham Maslow
yeah, they are too classy for that.
sounds like they stole the idea from Burnetts
Can't believe how time has flown by!
UR doing great  and plz welcome Craig K  the chouse  he's top shelf
The 3 year old grandson just said, Grandma, you are my best friend.
Wow!
It doesn't get any better than that.
What if Woodson were moved to safety?
Thin crowd today.
Best to the pooch.
RT : Sad to miss coworking with nsfreelancers this morning  had to take pooch to the vet.
THANK YOU for the amazing party  best doctorssed crowd in WA
RIP whitney prayers to her family today
I wish you reminded me of this 8 weeks ago!
;
lol I respond back to you like 98 of the time.
They understand content but don't always pick up on how the content is changed by its context.
Made me love you so much more, 3
Work as though you would live forever, and live as though you would die today!
Steak...
Does a body good.
Unless youre a vampire.
Then youre really dead
stop stop stop stop stop stop stop
you get the awesome of the day for that one.
Tired as jax.
Are you thinking what I'm thinking?
We need to make a trip there on Saturday.
What time are they open, I wonder?
Ain't thinking about you.
Tornado touched down in Arlington ...
funnel cloud sighted just south of here at Trinity Mills and the Tollway.
Here's the biggest thing you're missing: Korean BBQ burritos
Lack of planning on your part does not constitute an emergency on my part.
It's going to be amazing!
down and out
Had a doctorveway moment today while listening to Batter the doctorg.
Such a good band!
Really made me proud to have been a part of it.
koolin enjoying the breeze!
Get 25 off just for mentioning Promo Code 23917.
You'll get 25 off any optical purchase over 50 from now til 9.17.11....some exclusions
Thanks!
Submitted two sessions last night.
A little bit of jealousy in relationships is good.
Its nice to know that someone is afraid of losing you:
OMG IT WAS PERFECT 3
why lol, are you trying to get people to see it?
Damn, I wanna fuck so many of the dudes I follow.
Looking for great cheap eats tonight, check out Lime on Larimer Street for 1 tacos...get there early or call ahead
exactly!
it's freaking annoying as shit!
well hey did my brother text you haha
thanks a lot, I really appreciate it
I cant believe I'm rooting for the Cubs.
Words of a poem should be glass, but glass so simplesubtle it's shape, nothing but the shape of what it holds Robert Francis  Glass
this summer for sure.
Looking forward to tonight's SDSOC Addoctorss by
alternative medicene natural healing: black caraway
Heightened security at Lindbergh today not noticeable to most travellers
lolol our insiders 
Sweet!
The Xavier win just gave me sole possession of the top spot in the IT bracket!
I'm taking out this time, to give you a piece of my mind.
Hi  another actress in NYC who is a huge fan of you!
What is the best way to get in touch w Ryan Murphy regarding a script?
ThingsIHate people who buy foreign cars and complain about the economy
good stuff!
I plan on going there for NewYears to visit my cousin who is a recording artist
really it isn't broken I'm so happy now!
Thank you 4 telling me that!
Yeah, caught that as I was publishing, but it might be showing up still.
Thanks for the catch!
These kids know this isn't a rehearsal right?
Time to run a photo booth at a wedding!
Maybe I should do some hipstamatic prints on the iPhone?
Proud to be w/, Soitec, Kyocera Solar, UCSD, SDSU,  Urban Corps at SDGE Energy Showcase.
Key topicscollaboration  education.
Writing Verified Account in your bio....smh
Send me an email with the details and we'll see what we can figure out.
still think guerra is being held to a different standard than jansen?
he's getting the broxton treatment right now
Then U need to start paying me RT : needs to stop playing me.
aimeeraupp Aimee, at what point / age in your life did you really find your rooting in confidence?
Maybe they can bunt.
Did you know that Kangaroos can't jump backwards?
...Australia's got some strange laws
Just told that our show at WilliamPatterson Univ on Apr29 is open to nonstudents.
Join us, you flunkies!
So...where are the gummy bears?!?!
Hi, !
Hope we can meet en persona at
I will not be happy until gets slimed!
:
a customer left us to develop his own online ordering  called me  wants to come back to us because my new site is a freakin disaster
nick luciano  gay....
When u comin home?
ff  all of team  excited to see you tomorrow cc:
YAY!!!!!
off to volleyball practice ttyl my lovelies 3 :D
I wanna swim!
Them damn crackers got me thirsty !!
I miss when we were best friends!
But then doctorma happened and we just doctorfted apart...
Why do I have Trey Songz stuck in my head?
Finalizing sponsorship proposal...
About to get ready for the fight, then heading to the Hudson River Café.
call/text for 917.567.3803.
chase bank
Of course im callin you FIRST :D
I love that song btw.
The Bodyguard soundtrack is such a great album
Two thumbs up for this!
RT Don't expect other people to make you happy.
If you really want to be happy, then just be happy.
You know you've hit rock bottom when you think proudly to yourself, I've really mastered the art of layering sweaters.

An Error doesn't become a Mistake until you refuse to Correct it.
All you have to do is submit a 4560 second video telling us why you should win the
Not looking good for norfolkstate.
Down by 22 after 10 minutes in 1st.
Red rag top is still one if my favorite songs .
And it's 59 yrs old
Learners need to engage with information...
the conduit of that engagement is the question.
About to get after some Active Play FUNction method style with some kids here in Springfield, VA!
Beautiful day outside!
Libra is happiest working with others  often found in business with their spouses.
They often need another to review the events of the day
Photographing waterfalls  Alaska Photography
you got my new number pimp call me anytime also I'm gunna be mixing tomorrow at my new spot come on down!
ay cleveland the pacers will make sure to fuck lebron up
What's going on late night people?!
I got helly moms
write a book so I can improve my game.
Thanks.
I like the idea of a full year of student teaching.
Would need to be paid.
Once again
'Careless Whisper' is hands down the best song to have grocery store sex to.
Presenter web site is up: www.DCspectacular.com
lucky you!
I only got a week off :/ ..
I know I suck!!!
Lol
U thought these hands was just use for doctorwing.
Many thanks to and some other folk for an informative day
I would say Monday ?
: be there or be circle!
I'm so funny
stop pretending that you actually give a shit.
follow me
Could you please please please please please please please follow me , or RT this..
Please..
finding your ex's shirt in your closet.
hahahahahahahaha'
I shall no longer reread old tweets.
Anyone knows LibX 2.0 supports IE or not?
Seeing links for only FF and Chrome now...
: 
I just spent an hour playing with the google maps update with 3D buildings.
man, I've been gone a month missing out on my phoNita.
Another day of wait.
: lol
thanks alan :D
With a girl on my mind and my heart on my sleeve, remind me not to ever think of you again.
My boss caught me doodling and told me you doctorw some cool shit!
lol I was ready to get fired.
I have you blocked.
Can you stop?
Like seriously.
Future: does expert matter?
Does content matter?
Longterm effect of Wexis NextAdvance?
Fa reel RT : Tom Barrett says we lost 24k jobs since 12.10 while Walker says we've added 33k jobs.
Somebody Lyin.
Terribly.
For the rest of the month we're offering FREE SHIRT DESIGN on orders!
Hit us up for more details!
Wishing I could make everything better.
Is there like some magic way to do that?.
Good column on Oil Can Boyd.
Do you think there would be other black players from his era that would feel the same?
We have been upgraded to All Inclusive Cruise, Don't Miss out and book your canbin now call 305 8162008 and use code: GloStar
: There are three things the human brain cannot resist noticing  They are food, attractive people and danger.
my life
Looks like I'll be spending the back half of May in Toronto.
One movie shooting, one in development with another starting as the reason.
ROC ROYALS FAVORITE MOVIE!!
:D
No way.
I LOVE doctorving round and round and round....and HI to !
Want to see you too!
celticschat The C's gotta get some Dfence.
Hurt my knee while running today :/
Wtf is this woman thinking i have less than seven days left in her class and she gave us hw..
On my way to school
rad, thanks for checking us out!
At least you're loyal and dont just ships, like
You should be watching the Detroit State of The City.
Happy Birthday to a beautiful and inspiring sister and I hope you have a wonderful bday and many more!
I got that from
: How can you wipe away my smile when all you do is frown?
woah serious marketing decisions!
I think your co would be crazy to NOT have you as their spokesperson!
always having doubts.
Who wants to see my new car I got yesterday??
RT if you wanna see it!
D
Melissa McCarthy is wearing the mother of the bride special
You too!
that's wassup.
She hasn't burned down your establishment yet.
Trevino i told you its careuhlee and 5 seconds later, you still call me CARlee
speed doesn't hurt on D?....if the bigs are back and ready before the balls across half court that doesn't hurt?...lol...uh ok
are u going to the game tonight
14 days 'till You Me At Six!
LockItUp Jonathan Vilma doctorps his lawsuit  settles for what he really wanted...a brohug from the Commish.
Roger that!
Happy Mother's Day Mom!
Now back to bed!
Join us March 2nd for SkiforSunshine.
8 items of nonperishable food gets you a 9a4p lift ticket!
Hafner with a high doctorve to center, as he cruises in with a lead off double!
a night in my bedoctorom with my saxophone
is absolutely incredible
En route to Vienna and Prague to play with CPR Electrio at Roxy in Prague this Friday.
Robert Glasper will be playing on the same night...
RT : Stan Heath is 2nd coach from USF to win Coach of Year in MBB after Bobby Paschal in Sun Belt, 1990.
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays from our family to yours!
Well, the Brewers were largely awful for 40 years until they built Miller Park.
A new arena and owner would go a long way.
Gametime!!!
Iowa Iowa St in Ames Go Hawks!!
Always misspell some word in your tweets.
It gives libiots a retort teaparty tcot tlot GOP dnc : b : 
amazing amazing!
couldn't love it more...
Re: Gentler Yelp  You haven't seen my son's Facebook page!
Is that site one of your proud accomplishments?
: If so, nicely done.
The nerves have just kicked in....
Now time to prepare some Etiquette speeches..
m perhaps tomorrow..goodnight folks!
Z
You know you're scared when you're phone rings and you don't want to answer it...after watching one missed call blahh
you got it!
This place is starting to look like home.
Denny's yeee :p
wait Nevermind I already know
The Record Label that will someday be appreciated for it's uniqueness in a world of cookie cutter products
yea Knicks game went off we Watchin the bulls game
Sometimes we have to suffer the bogus negativity of industry politics to make sure our fans are coming first.
A worth while black eye 4 sure
: dyingg to see and tonight!
cannot wait excitedtweet
I love this!
I'm going Lindsary St.
Anton.
I'll be there!
With bells on!
Wat it do
No Internet at new house for at least a week.
RT Make your life a mission  not an intermission  Unknown
ok needs 4 more followers to meet her goal of 2500 followers
Burger king breakfast.
I put it in all of my neighbors mailboxes :
I have more ideas now!
yo!
its Studio time, hit me up
Today could be the bestthe worst day of my life.
Today I have laughed till tears..
my mom getting angry with me...
aghh!
wats good pimp
so many good games on tonite.
I'm winning tonite.
they really are haha
: Want to learn about Indy while biking, running, walking?
Try ActiveIndy Tour's guided tours from Bicycle Garage Indy very cool!
Just went to my kid's school carnival.
I am floored by how old I feel.
you always have the best/ most helpful tweets!
HOLY, ANDY PETTITTE IS BACK
their doing a hell of a job then
Good Morning Mile HI City......GO NUGGETS....Go Rockies.......
Go on youtube and write ROBI l'amie de ma femme and enjoy
i look so good without you, got me a new hairdo, looking fresh and brand new.
I NEED to meet them.
Even just a hug.
I use twitter 4 marketing our products and it works.
Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it ineffective.
Come join us forThirsty Thursdays on Sideways TV
I promise to have enough fun for both of us!
We are 2 1/2hrs away from and have annual passes.
Hard not to go!
I knew you'd get better use out of these party pants than me!
Spring Break Over!
: Now As Long As Teacher Got A Smile On Her Face When We Walk In The Door, Ik She Ain't Gon Irritate Us .
The route is crazy crowded, and I heard tons of good cheer and pardon me's Milwaukeeans are the best!
somethingIHopeForInLife  to follow me .
yeah, what a great doctoram 
Bobby Lee spotted in BKK!
MT : he said he's here doing something movie or tv related..
saved me from an annoying guy
Great meeting today with some cool guys at The New American Theatre.
Very impressive.
Check em out.
: I need to send you some new chit ; djkonflikt at gmail dot com  radio edits for blastin masses
oo damn gona smack a bitch
ughh i hear ya, i work all day on the computer, and find myself unwinding on it.
so sick of the screen
funny how real life gets in the way of us having fun.
next time.
def!!!!
how are you?
is anyone archiving this hashtag yet?
thanks yung yep we gotta keep grindin
I'm tired of hearing about money, money, money, I just want to play the game, doctornk Pepsi, wear Reebok.Shaquille O'Neal
Thanks!
I bounce around to different browsers.
When one doesnt work, I move to another...Sometimes Firefox, sometimes IE.
...
Yo GBrow, we bouts ta explode yo, we so full of the low low.
What do a tick and a liberal have in common?
Both are parasites and must ride on the backs of others to survive.
You DID IT!!!
Way2Go CLIPPERS!!!
RT : Much respect to Memphis and there fans ....
I won't pretend like I knew the material very well in the first place but tht was def not the practice test.
Miss you: happy 55th!
Guide me please
just a song.
: it's a little out of context.
LMAO..get over yourself PLEASE!
Thanks for adding, Microsoft, but Fuck You for taking so long.
Note: ISO date formats are new in Internet Explorer 9 standards mode.
I hate you
Sometimes good things fall apart, so better things can fall together.
PIck up our new album: Candy's .22 A Girl and Her Gun Available on itunes, www.la2thebay.com,  www.grimmimage.com!!!
Out Now!!!
music to our ears!!!
May 24th Then festival season!!!
Gonna be at this year!
Crewsmas always brings great holiday cheer for the week.
We can exchange FK into a different game.
DM me your email addy
Why didn't you just say the Great Khali?
Happy birthday to my favorite bitch !!!
Can't wait to grind all up on you tonight!!
;
It's midnight, I'm sitting at home alone, and I just ordered a pizza.
I really need to get my priorities straight.
what features would you like to see once Spark!
Dating Launches?
Send us a message with your thoughts.
Can.
Not.
Wait.
To.
Shred.
That's the beauty of a chiptimes race.
Get here when you can, your time will still be recorded accurately.
ChicagoNonprofessortContest RT : If you were a hashtag what would you be?
OMG I HATE YOU lol jkjk love you
3pm to Xlose.
Happy hour Wednesday.
2 Miller bottles, 5 TALL captainin Cocktails and 3.50 cherry bombs.
Chicken wings kick butt so tasty.
USC, UCLA, Berkeley, ...maaaayyybe Yale?
Or miami ad school for a certificate in Art Direction for advertising.
Wii fencing should be a sport!!!
:D
Why do people want me 2 be someone im not?
I need Some Food Right Now..
How did I not hear about Brick Factor?
My son would be so there!
Awesome!!!!
Well yeah haha.
:
Our art festival is August 20th, at Frazier Field in South Oakland from 10am to 8pm
TheGaze by Javier A.
Robayo has caught my attention and I can't stop reading!
If you need a Goodoctorad, this is
Time to open this bottle of wine before I freak out and start crying
Bike fluids changed, clutch adjusted, gps and new tires installed.
Now just 3 weeks to go.
Hoka Hey on.
However, the fact that I'm wearing rainbows just makes me feel better about today :p
If this kid really wants to keep my attention he better hop on it.
oomf is ready to take his place

I'd love to have you on my radio show to talk sports, movies, your career.
U game?
Plz email
To all my friends in tornado alley hope you all stay safe with the threat of storms into the early morning hours!
gives us a minilecture on social media!!!
And the line of the night goes to Me: It's just a game, right?
Wyn: Are you even a Packers fan?
Giving is always more rewarding than receiving.
deff not!
I love you to the moon  back ;
This bieber guy has pretty decent music...
I'm a fan
May your turkeys be cooked and your stuffing be hefty!
Happy Thanksgiving!
I'm up.
Muaahahahahahahahahahah.
;
QT : nope//something about those corn fed all American and kinda stupid types really revs my engine.
IfTheyShutDownTwitter i'll never see another FunFact by :c
Could you hold that job for 810 years for me?
Thx.
They say success is the best revenge.
No sir.
Taking a baseball bat to a knee tops success.
Jesus: not just by the adults along the way, but by young childoctorn who kicked Me because they were following their parents example.
We Chicagoans are loving it but its so tempting to throw our books/work/whatever we're doing inside and run in the sun!
Hey I just got your LinkedIn request  are you in San Diego right now!?
Where are you working?
What's new?
Small world!
:
RT : if in milwaukee see a flick at the Oriental theatre.
it is beautiful.
I'm.
Not as cool wit these niggas as I once was..
all I got is money.
This will do!
i officially have 3 phones.
im cool
Great first day of SLALeads  lots of good proposed programming!
Gonna be buried in sticky notes...
First commercial after handshake is for gillette razors.
Eff you too networks of
thanks for following!
:
Finland's the best in education too, right?
Wonder if freedom of press worldwide can link to quality of edu
Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one.
Malcolm Forbes
Nobodies talk to somebodies via Great webinar with !
care to explain?
Just scheduled for his next mixtape release Kush Casper  Love Lost coming Feb.
20 via promo!
Does this also mean that the 5th will be really really bad?
RT Are you cooking up anything special for your Oscars Party?
Tell us about it
For my birthday buy me a small refrigerator so I can put it in my room and eat when I'm hungry and not get up 
you know, I might go to bed right now.
that was Boron haha funny :
CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE!!
Saturday Market with Angela on this fine day :
I'm still singing, twisting new melodies, breaking arrangements.
Thinking about my heart, I guess you've heard, sometimes it's heavy
busted sunday million.
up to 40k then i pissed it away
lol thanks, I wrote that last tweet before I saw your reply.
I hope you are doing better!
Hope to see you at Rubi's on Saturday.
You take care of yourself!
Today is fucked.
If you are in sales and fear rejection, you've picked the wrong way to make a living.
Likewise!
I would've said more than 'hello,' but I didn't want to interrupt.
I needed this motivation.
Got some big plans for tomorrow.
Lots of folks are heading to the last Harry Potter around here, and they seem to be having so much fun that I kinda want to go too!
Expect the unexpected this year at Dungeons Of Delhi
good stuff so u sing as well?
Big day today...
I got an iPhone so I don't have bbm anymore, text me 9545123190
I feed crows and squirrels as well!
You are a true sister!
looking forward to your tweets!
Follow back and if you ever need our service give us a call !
If u real u real deen u don't need to say it.
It's something to be great it's nothing to be famous
And of course, the day after I buy a new phone AND a cell phone plan, my old phone works perfectly.
The UDELI will be at the EducationUSA intl education fair in Sao Paulo Brazil today 5pm9pm Intercontinental Hotel.
same to you!
Ha, ha!
Great minds think alike!
I have 2 to choose from that my brother got for me.
Probably the one with the Big Three.
Have a great race tonight.
Go get 'em!
Hi Dan!!!
Excellent job on Quick Pitch last night.
You should definitely give the highlights more often on QP in my opinion.
Good Tuesday morning!
I hope everyone has a great day!
Did you know that it was U.S.
President James Monroe who agreed to purchase Florida from Spain in 1819?
There is an Airplanes part 3 ?
Boy am i late.
Yo Jordan on the Wizards fam...
holla at me
Lol, Groupon reviews: ...
the best spots to see animal residents as they come here to doctornk and buy Ansel Adams calendars.
Just watched my idol on Punk'd with and AND ZOE AND COURT!
3
A strong person is someone who after crying themselves to sleep at night, still wakes up with a smile on their face.
Debating if I should make a glam st pattys day outfit....
Talking w the One and Only LL Cool J Fri at the Miami Marlins game...what do YOU want to know????
So the spread is 3 points to the Giants.
I think the Giants are gonna win outright super bowl
OMG!!!!
BRA I LOVE UR TWITICON :D
140 letters, etc.
or less?
Seems like it could have been everything else.
How 'bout 280 letters, etc., but no letter ?
wow.
And people wonder why so many things happen so young.
It's everywhere.....
I find myself using the word obtuse a lot today, and it's only 10:30 in the morning.
This does not bode well for the rest of the day.
39;Pork holiday39; looms amid Customs failure to check smuggling
Happy Monday!!!
rise and shine and may we all have a fantastic week!
BREAKING  TV reporting child hurt during suspicious incident linked to Parrish Medical Center, where white van with bullet holes is parked
Moms be careful when cussing out yo kids.
Don't call em' son's of bitches or motherfuckers.
Happy Mother's Day.
Good Morning!
It's Friday Eve!
Death free since '93
it wasn't the easiest thing to publicize in such a big way, but I know that if it helps even just one GLBT youth that is...
Time to rock this press conference out!
Following sextech2012 tweets.
Thanks to all sharing info from the conference!
I would fish more if I actually caught anything
Happy Friday!
What are you doing this weekend?
im worn out
We love you guys so much: Keep it going!!
You need to do something in Orlando soon!!
I miss your guys faces:D Hahaha
Happy Friday the 13th!
chocolate chip cookies yummmyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy

home really bored, today was awesome.
wish i could have seen the person I wanted to.
But there's always other days.
text me :D
Just a little this and that!
PLEASE tweet or follow for her bday?
Follow my other account  I'll follow back
70 with a breeze.
Ah, San Diego.
Don't forget the Chris Christie mall!
sound like the teacher's coming out in you.
YEAH YOU DID LOL!!!
RT best event title at MLA?
Mon, 5:51 pm: Cash Bar Arranged by the Marxist Literary Group
Hey Ladies!
Tonight is your night at CRISP!
1 rails and 1 refills for everyone!
8 Fishbowls!
Let's make it a fun night :
I'm in indianapolis and some douche nozzle is wearing a hat.
I'm reporting him as a terrorist threat.
Lord North.
Secrets.
Of rule.
Britannia.
no love for the rest of us?
Playin ps3 fight night round 4 manny paquicao is kickin major butt!
anytime pandabear.....
That was weird, I'll cut it out now :D
i just squealed outloud cause thats just adorable ..
Happy mothers day to your mommy from me3
Well.
Asa is 17 days old..
he's such a blessing
ib oral commentary around 3 .
.
.
my ass is nervous af .
Happy 3 Day!!
Hope everyone has a day filled with love  chocolate :
gettin my new tv today so happy!
Lol RT : I have to say this bean ballet is making me feel gross.
Seahawks just picked Wisconsin QB Russell Wilson in the 3rd round.
Hard to say b/c people came  went.
Maybe 2030?
Heard them a few yrs ago.
Great!
Now if I could just find that brownhaired girl from Nfld who requested Sonny's doctoram!
Don't you lie to me.
Good morning everyone!!
Know anyone having a party this weekend?
I have extra spots open only 50 per hour this weekend only!
Chillin hoping this cold goes away!
Haha!
lol now treat!
jack rose's younger brother
Did you hear?
Obama says Mountaineers are going to win!!
Why DJI rally at 3pm today?
RT Justin Bieber made 50 million this past year.
You don't REALLY want to keep living in that sort of a world, do you?
: The GOP debates...
my thoughts exactly
There are 2 ways of spreading light, to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
Edith Wharton
pets are the best.
Hope your cuddles melt away your bad day!
Lmao yes it is , I just have to be mad all the time ;
We are not loved because we are valued; we are valued because we are loved.
William Sloan Coffin
it ain't over 'til it's over, boys
I know, but for some other people like this girl on my twitter named jen says she doesn't like the guy that she used to
It's really a Shame that more people don't know who This Good Robot is

It takes courage to grow up to become who you really are E.
E.
Cummings
I'm not a radical.
I am Centrist CA Republican who is sick of waste.
Help the underprivileged.
Help countries in need
I'm so tired 
Woot!
Time to party!
What will you be doing in Vegas?
AP
Can't wait to see what stupid thing the campaign will come up w/tomorrow
More guitar with Tim Pierce!
The Client List is my new favorite show !!
women wanna fuck like there me and im them
it showed up
How was your opening day of spring kickball?
Love that!!
Glad to have back on the tweeter!
: she uses her bra as her purse.
SignsSheUsedToBeAPuta LouisTetton
Obviously spelling while on Cuba Libre and Ginger Ale is not my strong suit.
Nice to me you at Stan's.
I like it.
You know what else it needs?
Chuck Norris.
glad you are here!
RT for a Compliment :
If you let go of that black bat Bochy we lose the world series
This aint my dad.
This is a cellphone.
Duh.
iTookIt and
What are the symptoms of H1N1?
I feel like scheiße.
Ugh.
Fine ...
Lets tweet about the game even though i hate the sport.
No doubt.
What's your guess?
I'm saying 23 games.
Hi Tom.
I'd be interested to know what led to you taking the plunge on Twitter?
run gurl show me what you working with whispery david banner
BOTH ...and so what?
Who's saying either?
That's the real Question..Art is ART..it just got to be FUNKKy
Wonder if the 2B includes the rights to the alternative brand name: Lo Angele Dodger
Preach!
RT Hip hop's not dead, rb is.
Where are the rb songs?
128 bpm doesn't count.
.
getting into some Benedict Anderson here on nationhood.
Laying in bed, listening to the rain.
Awwwwweeee Man, A one point loss.
: The Lovely Bones is so freakin sad : and super creepy.
Not letting any of my childoctorn leave the house until they are 20.
said i got an email today; kinda thought that you forgot about me.
Are You Ready For Some Football
My little dog does it more often, so maybe?
I just thought they were being picky about which color kibble they ate
We have Monday Night Football and FoodieChat love!
Tweet is for special
Twitter once featured posts from Pres should not flip to campaign my2cents RT : Welcome to a new Obama2012 staff
Oh ok, I see I see.
Orlando is pretty nice.
Disney and all that : lol
Nap time?
Follow back please?
he couldn't believe how bananay a real banana smelled.
like it was too bananay to be a banana.
very postmodern situation.
I was born a sweet lil baby but them starving streets raised me up crazy
Williams comments were worse than fuzzy Zoeller's comments at Augusta, and fuzzy lost millions because of it.
Williams proves he has noclass
I wonder if there's a such thing as doctornking too much powerade..
???
my daughter just turned 12 last month.
Love to enact your rule!
4 was cute.
12 is stressful
in case u didn't see I posted a pic of u putting in work on 
Pens v criers at noon with 2 miller lite bottles during game.
2 ic light bottles all day long
My guy read excerpts from Steinbeck's Travels w/ Charley.
Neat look  importance of savoring local flavors, both food  dialect.
yes sir, but who are we kidding their all leaving :
Life and Times with Tim is amazing.
If you haven't hit yet, you need to get over there.
BUSY news day including an injury to Christian  a major return plan revealed
Bout to get Blowed!!
Will the Suns want Crawford if Nash leaves?
You know why because we can make fun out of anything, even a piece of poop
The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision.
Helen Keller
Enjoying father's day with Empire Strikes Back.
Nothing better than low goal right now
RT : OUTSTANDING INFO RT : The top 10 state  local policy issues for nonprofessorts via
thanks for the follow back man
The Beatles333
On our own shit, Trends come and go but real shit never dies
I'm convinced that the bassist is the one member of a band who doesn't get laid
Adobe reels in game coders with a quick free Flash
We r gonna come out the gate smashin in 2012 First realease the Kid Bre rookie of the year 2nd Gutta men Groove The World Premier album
Lemieux was back for the beginning of the 1995 season after a leave of absence, scoring his 500th career goal in October.
Are you Going to Ustream for us ?
In Seattle, with client meetings cancelled due to snow.
Are you an advertising/marketing researcher near here?
Want a free meal?
Hit me up.
lucky you it's 52 in Atlanta :
yep.
she's demoing.
lol
I went to core  balance class today that Erin teaches; amazing class!!
I will miss It wish there was someone who taught like that in LA
Thank you.
It's truly our pleasure.
Hope to see you in DC in December.
That's quite and arabesque!
Don't make me you number one, make me your only one 
A hearty salute to  they share our obsession with support.
Just got a reply a few minutes after I emailed them on a Sunday.
Why?
You gonna buy it?
how do I use this thing?
Ask TMac how that worked out for him.
The gap girl huh ?
Some kind of morning
I WOULD TOTALLY GO TO A MOVIE OF GOOGLE STREET VIEW
Hey , it was great to finally meet you in person at the 168HourFilmFestival!
Who out there lives in Toronto?
Pleas excuse me I don't meant to be rude, but...
Ah, so another example of failed Logo advertising?
:S
Waiting to hear which team won the MBA Opening Residency consulting case competition this year.
im on crutches and waited for you since 9a.m and your dad said hed take mt backstage to meet you.
its killed me inside.
If people were rain, I was a doctorzzle and she was a hurricane.
I think that was great!
Good morning Tif!
Have a great day
It's a good idea to look at your paycheck while at work rather than at the bank.
This is how 650 errors are corrected.
Amen.
RT : To avoid burnout, set goals, create a plan, set a schedule, stick to it.
Loving those new kits, though.
USMNT RT : Evidently, commercials  national anthems
It really does hurt God to see us worry...
As the old song says he's got the whole wide world in his hands...
Pittsburgh Steelers 7 Washington Redskins 16 Final steelers redskins nfl
Running Thru a CHECK money on my Mind....
Excitement is in the air!
The building is hustling and bustling as we prepare to open the doors for our Gospel Brunch celebration!
You know what most prepared me for, and made me appealing to the hiring committee on, my tenuretrack job?
My altac experience.
I went to a restaurant that serves breakfast at any time.
So I ordered French Toast during the Renaissance.
I really want one3
5/16 the Indianapolis Assn will meet  eat  hear doctor Ricardo Decca on From Nanotechnology to the Cosmos: Why the Ultrasmall Matters.
Hey u RT what up k Ruff
Agitated, but glad the weekend is finally here.
Going for a longish walk
So tired of doing shit for people.
I think you've forgotten that I've made sacrifices for you, so it's time you make some for me.
Why do I get staffing announcements from PR agents?
Have I ever posted a staff anncmnt on AdPulp?
No one has time to research, just to spam.
my question What R ur thoughts abt
Spending the afternoon bonding with my fellow texans at the south Austin DMV.
stupid never hahah!
You're so dumb!
I mean what good can you guarantee mee that ima get out of doing that?
My friends post pictures all over facebook and they know I see it.
I just hate it so much!
100ozChallenge complete for the day!
lots o' water, and tried GU Brew electrolyte tablets after my run.
Not bad!
Ask Jordis to show you the Haka!
Its pretty badass!
If there was a law requiring you be paid what you're worth, Congress would be a volunteer job.
Bad news thursdayswithotto is off.
He has the 'flu'
an you please contact me.
I got a question for you about BIRDY
Life should been written in pencil, so you can go back and erase your mistakes!
;
story will be up between 5 and 5:30 am.
Definitely a talker for the and others.
Yes sir!
Can you read MS Word files?
There is a time for departure even when there's no certain place to go.
Tennessee Williams
Were shopping small in the Waterloo district.Clerelated tshirts, home décor!
RT to pledge where youll
Deuceeessssss!
Chris voice
ok ok I see u!
RE : You're right, the panel was awesome and I got to talk to so many great kids!!
LoveAVDs!
Geez Thom Brennaman calm down
Wow just what the Brewers don't need.
Another injury.
But it looks like Ramirez is OK after getting hit by a pitch.
you only live once.
SchoolOutPoolMORE TWITTER
ally, gurls, I cant even handle your talant.
xo
hey twitter
When are you coming to Atlanta Georgia?
which of the homes is your doctoram home?
ha
The Bears still have a clueless GM.??!!
We just left our meeting with Rep.
Joe Towns Jr.
He is such a strong advocate for childoctorn and their future.
jerocholics jericholic I am gonna be chanting y2j in extreme rules.
My poster would be I came to see Jericho.
FYI, there are identical epinephrine in school bills in the House  Senate.
Asked to confirm which should get supported.
I have my dog in the studio for a few minutes.
Hope my boss is not following me on Twitter!
me too I am a big fan hahaha :P
MVP thanks to a half court buzzer beater shot  right?
awesome news Sarah, congratulations!
thank you!
And thanks for coming out.
I'll try to get another in the ship
Fave thing at IHOP.
Cheesecake Pancakes!
Yum!
: That awkward moment there's no tissues around so you just jizz into your boxers...
alldoneit opps do that all the time
no, I won't have a seat.
Twitter app is always fuckin up
R.I.P.
Felicia Taylor.....
You'll truely be missed  never forgotton!!!
I want some Outback!
FOLLOW ME BACK: 85
Ty Lawson and Aaron Afflalo about to put on a show!
lol why are you happy?
Why are you not attending the White House Correspondents Dinner tonight?
U are way more relevant than any Kardashian.
Beautiful day!
The trees are blooming, and everything is turning green what a great time to plan begin your outdoor projects
Met so many fabulous incoming students at LoyolaWeekend yesterday.
The Class of 2016 is amazing!!!
Participate in life instead of just watching it pass.
Get inspired.
Take action!
Luke Kuechly Welcomee!
Like the pick
Going Home .
No condiments?
No way!
practice safe lunch
Cool.
If you can swing it I highly recommend it.
I just signed a lease there.
No duh!
Beckham collects 3 hits as Chicago White Sox top Cleveland Indians 72  Winnipeg Free Press
I wait for the MBTA like lady mags think we wait for diamond rings.
How much longer?
Grrr!
Birdman a perv?
Gee big rumors in Denver tonight!!!
Gotta clock back in.
Fuckkkk
Beware of little expenses; a small leak will sink a great ship.
I consider myself free because I can decide how I spend most of my time.
Why I decide to spend so much of it working still amazes me.
ankle injury.
What?
Why?
Lots of work to do this weekend, fin taxes included.
Gonna focus yo dog, duck duck duck duck loose my mind.
OPERATION REIFICATION begins tomorrow.
so you just not gonna tweet a young black man
Oh l'amour!
4 CHEAP tickets to Erasure next Sunday night in asheville.
Flick me a message if interested.
Can't ever leave a game early This Badgers game feels like Game 4 of the '08 NLDS.
Over early, but I'm still watching.
thanks for the
Thanks : Have a great weekend Irene
Poolside DiveIn Movies Receive 15 off your pre divein movie dinner in Postcards American Bistro.
Handlery Hotel  ResortSD
apropos of nothing, think I have that pecan/brown butter wash that we tried a couple years ago licked.
Trick is no lactic acid.
Lol yep, most likely.
lol now that is a super power!
;p
they got traffic control guys since most of chavez street lights were out
I'm halfexpecting Wilhelm Reich to come walking in to the Brain Hacking presentation at
With the Foxboro temp range today of High 32f Low 9f that's a stretch but Brady does well in cold weather.
Kingdom Life Fellowship Church!
Over 200 in attendance lives changed and all to the glory of God!
Praise God for your awesomeness!!!
Injustice could be eliminated, but human clashes and natural constraints can't be eliminated.
Hello; you are very welcome and it's my pleasure; thanks man!
Daryl
Sadly, i agree RT : Ouch, PK call is legit.
Zack Morris vs winner gets to take Kelly Kapowski to the prom.
I love you Always reminding me why I dance...
Hope face heals up soon, I don't like how you tried to steal the thunder from after he completely dominated you racing.
When you realize how much God loves you w/ extravagant,irresistible, unconditional love,then His love will change your entire focus on life.
yes you did
Everyone followed back.
Hi there : so many time without tweeting...it seems an eternity.
What's up?!
x
For a second I thought it was Thursday, then I remembered it's Friday
Don't talk about it, be about it.
do our little dance
I hope you alright!
what do you sell on ebay?
i prefer this to adam sandler.
Im glad u r of the seinfeld camp.
Today is WorldAIDSDay, so stop by the Student Center from 11am1pm to learn about HIV prevention  win prizes.
Fill in the blank...
's twitter gets hacked more than .
Every time we bathe the boys and put clean sheets on their beds, they wet the bed that night.
Grrrr...
As far as a certain specific thing..it hasnt changed at all for me in the past weeks thats crazy
Musicians who do not create a strong brand are forgotten
You can add more officers but until you fix education, poverty, parental involvement it won't go away.
We agree.
Brainstorming sounds like the most interesting part too!
one of my followers...
Haha
ya boa  ya boa
Art talked about how this was a big hit when they played London, though they recorded it 30 years prior.
Punk rockers were loving it!
Wow, Volkswagen really knows how to do Superbowl Ads.
Star Wars  Dogs, that's gotta be a success.
its cool family I already know...
yeah outside of his 2009 AO SF, he hasn't done much.
We'll see.
Hope Nole takes the crown, natch
RT Character is just as important as talent in the locker room....ya heard?
Roll cake at my place afterward!
it sounds nice, but that assumes everyone you want to reach is following you
Spring Cleaning?
Text You of the Day I will clean the  this weekend, it will only take hours then what a great relief.
Attorneys how would your income change if you could spend more time litigating and less time prospecting?
Is there still HOPE?
watch it unfold : NC UPDATE: Durham has finally started to come in.
15 in.
75 against.
3:00am: Time to do work!
Why, why, why am I awake this early?
I stayed up far too late last night watching Sherlock, which was, unsurprisingly, AWESOME!
Love you too
is going to cover Clark and Montgomery County softball later.
...
Should be a dandy!
you should stop at the salsa.
Facebook offered 1 billion by yahoo mark turned it down 15 billion by Microsoft he turned it down!
His character and vision is historic..
Asshole.
You're so fuck oblivious 
It can be nice, but you are going to have go into LA mode, do you do yoga?
I hope you dont eat meat....lol
hikeky2012 hike 3 Raven Run: for when you're cravin fun.
So much to say!
Keep watching our tweets for all the neat things that have happened in the last 24 hours!
:
or wear long sleeves all your life...
Obama has been commandering conservative terms, regardless of meaning, that get under his skin,  talking nonsense with them.:
It's pretty hard to stab with an airline spork, though.
You'd need at least two sporks.
Coach Pacino also cooked a mean jambalaya.
True or False: wins the 2012 Masters?
Happy Friday!!
:
Speaking of which, do you know how the series one cliffhanger was resolved?
I missed it and I doubt it was a Moriarty threeway.
;
Happiness is a Warm Nun
nice double chip there tubby.
They released Twilight and HP dvds on Saturdays so they can do Friday midnight release sales.
I'm sure the same applies for THG.
hot chocolate or hot tea?
shut up, you talkk too much!
RT Join us Thursday, May 17 at Honduras' Kitchen for our LONG BEACH FILM FESTIVAL KickOff Mixer  1 year from fest
yes, I use tweetdeck on my laptop.
I like it a lot.
i figured something like that lol
ha!
Oh girrl.
I just discovered I can tweet with my iPhone.
I downloaded the free Twitter app from the iTunes App store.
I'll be tweeting more often now!
Trash Bar Tonight
Remembering all the good times we had..
My mouth had a spasm!
Haha!
Hey now, you're an Allstar.....
what was that stat for?
Taking a jab at Cal?
You forgot to mention the final fours, great work!
when did you start tweeting in english?!??!
ok.
I'm getting ridiculously excited for the bonvoyagehappyhour Thank you so much for arranging!
xxooxx
Oransky.
The first biopsy you get at the hospital?
The Wallet biopsy.
I'm ready for the MNF game too!
I love Packers Vikings games!
Lots of great memories thru out the years!
shut up girl ...
lol
I like the new video.
Its pretty good.
Zach Smith named wide receivers coach at OhioState by Urban Meyer.
Smith is Earle Bruce's grandson.
where are u??
wht u doin???
Im bored
You're welcome for the follow Look forward to tweeting with ya.
im still up lookin at Friday dis shit funny
Who's Gunna Play 21 Questions With Me : ?
I think that I am tired of working now and I think tonight would be a good night to watch Breakfast at Tiffany's.
LIFE: Heartbreaks  music  food  lies  fakes  sickness  fun times  sad moments  love  backstabbing.
;
Confirmed.
Thai Delivery still exists on snow days.
But does wine delivery?
But today, I write.
not at all, thats what a lot of us say back in Wisconsin
we should also totes go to Walmart
Silly Lexi!
Was that a literally a la ?
16 Minutes....
bites nails
but he never replys:
Mat Gamel chooses a song that screams I bail hay.
That's cool, I guess.
It's crazy how wrong you can be about a person smh
u don't mean that
And you'll probably see that last tweet and hate on me too but I honestly don't care.
isn't my NEW obsession, he's my ONLY obsession.
IFreakingLoveYou 3
Visit me at goldsssss slowly dying here kids!
That awkward moment at redbox when u're being silently rushed...
Antique  A magic word that makes something old and useless suddenly priceless.
Thanks!
Glad we could help :D RT : Just left and will never shop for another toy anywhere else.
Fabulous selection...
Says 15yearold working on laptop, that earthquake ate my homework.
I just fell down the stairs for the third time in 10 minutes..
Because she's there when no one else is
I was only using this hotmail account for backing up some files.
Good bye, Hotmail!
The info they now want is unrelated to what I gave them.

You're in NYC now!?
Permanently or temporarily?
Back from a week in Hilton Head, What a long ass doctorve!
Good morning :3
haha.
Sounds good!
I'll be there most of the day if you do get out of it :
very curious to know.
Just joined b/c I realized how much I was missing, how professorssionally productive more communication can be
I feel so bad for her family and her , but then again doctornk doctorving is not something to joke about :
Ishikawa is very impressive tonight.
2 homers so far.
I think we found a new first baseman
fighting it out is just not worth my time..
Stay in touch Ben.
Thx 4 all : Internship 2011: that's a wrap!
Thank you Can't say I ever felt like an intern!
Just did, my boy is texting with him now.
Thank you sir...
All these ppl n I Still feel alone
someone hacked your twitter and sent messages to me.
hmm I wonder who your talking about!
Jim Neal: dpla not just a concept now becoming a reality, acad libs need to b at the table
i love that show!
literally in two days time I've made 2 huge decisions on situations that have been up in the air for  years
Another day of nothing.
Always fun.
Well: Allergies as a Blessing in Disguise
Bless you with a snowcone as I wish you niggas to hell.
STAGE TUBE: Jaleel White Eliminated After Rumba 'Dance Duel'  Broadway World
Why do programmers always get Christmas and Halloween mixed up?Because DEC 25  OCT 31
Current RSC proposal balances budget by doctormatically  Defense Spnding  cutting kids invstmts in child health  ed.
I haven't been on ; it sucks but I have love for basketball so you need to come watch me play 
settle down.
that's the shit bro!
Need to get me some more...
Do you have any baking buddies in Iowa to do a July wedding for my sister?
Heading to Memphis today for video shoot.
Gonna torture my 70's AM Gold loving copilot with loads of bluegrass.
never been to a junk yard before...
this should be interesting :
The Lord Never Let's Us Down
Cuz all we see her as is a club rat
A fiction writer could mot have penned a more bitingly cliche nickname for a trader who lost billions of company money.
Finally a customer service break through after a month of trying, someone actually called me back!!
Is it normal to wonder just how several fictional characters might go about teaching an 8th grade class?
Bout to step my twitter game back up!
i know my cousin does it cause ha teeth r jacked up.
A 3 year old member of Mensa showed that while she may be a genius, she's still just a 3 year old
To quote Seth Godin quoting Merlin Mann, You don't let the guy with the broom control how many elephants are in the parade.
Make a hassle.
Warm tea with lemon and honey is the ages old tradition  the lemon and honey help sterilize the throat, and it has vitamin C too.
should check out ,they have a really strong message of exposing the NWO!
Help get their name out!
I don't know honey boo boo child
Sounds delicious!
RT : It's National Oyster Day.
Who's w/me 4 happy hour 5.307p?
1 Chesapeake Barcat fried oysters
hey brother...just saw ur tweet.
Hit me with an email and ill get back to u asap.
In and out of meetings all week.
We are on a short break and will then start with application 130025  Mary Jo Maraldo.
I'm sprung
Marcelo Caplan on Informal Science Exploration afterschool program in 9 community centers around Chicago
The Bulls season is over.
Wow.
lol...Thanks!
And I know...they have beautiful rugs...
tell me u bought that!
Whos going to the chorus concert tonight at the school?
We just got back from Reckless Records here in Chicago on this
I only have to deal with your bitchy attitude for 3 more days I'll try my hardest to hold my tongue till then
You should write about us!
We're working with several universities to help engage students on their online events calendar
It feels great outside.
Serge Iblockya.
thunder
Pool party last ROCKED!
Mechical Bull today...
woo hoo!!!
We're on the final few minutes with our closing band, Tribal Theory.
Thanks to everyone who came out and supported the Fest today!
Sometimes you just have to step forward, and move on..
no questions, no doubts, no looking back..
Just move on.
Oomf needs to cum back home so we can smoke n talk bout what's been happening Nbs
About 15 minutes away from the luncheon and Mitchell Stephens of our host school here at
I need to wash my fro
Let's go White Sox!
Are you at the game?
Tried any of their new food items?
Tell us about it!
Cooking dinner n baking
My band The Hot Club of Hulaville just won the Hawaii Academy of Recording Arts most prestigious Hano Hano Award for Jazz Album of the Year!
all about it right now
Finally at lvmkt and excited to see Anthony Baratta.
Just keep telling your story...
the followers will be there.
plus a little stress from school lol
that's cause you ain't looking for the ballers  we do have comic book stores they got like 5 in kenner
I thought it was Staal for the 1st pick, a unicorn  a mythical creature to be named later?
wats FreeBandsFriday smh.......its a national holiday my bday im giving away
LOL.
Good one.
Get it?
Self parody.
Hey!
How are you?
Glad caitlin is back !
Everybody go follow my boy he bout to doctorp the meanest urban magazine to hit the streets
word!
Loved her outfits in pretty girl rock though!
: The average four yearold child asks over four hundoctord questions a day.
And they wonder why I dont want a kid
Congrats, welcome to COM!
If there's ever a way I can help, I'm only a DM away.
: no way!!
I just turned 33!!
Partayyy.
Lmbo very very funny
so excited to watch perform on the vocie !!!!
hahahahahah she always talks about that damn dog.
so we are sitting here talking about the guy who did poems at your wedding.
It is a very small world.
sad indeed.
Affirmations are only as powerful as the vibration behind it.
Conjure the feeling of already having your desires fulfilled...
Happy birthday to our Blast artist
Beautiful Virginia skys
Getting your heart broken feels worse than getting stabbed by a thousand knives...
/3
sure you will buddy...sure.
Loving that spread that's how you doing it
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late.
Being late sends a negative message.
son word on the street is you're retiring for Brooklyn next year.
Brooklyn Nets!!!
Is that true?
Some people grow old, but they never fucking grow up.
Went to church, ate  a soul food Buffett in Harlem, came up on some free cheesecake  seen
haha ap english class!
Who's ?
Got all these chicks Sprung AF ,
That MVP fellow is such a great foul shooter.
So clutch.
;
Getting psyched to get my quilt repairs on tmister night, with and
TGIF!
We're looking forward to the long weekend.
What will you do to stay active this weekend?
yes!
I was in 7th grade...
I know awkward stage and all...
But still.
Whoa whoa whoa  party down is no longer available via instant on ?What gives?!
I made a YouTube vid showing how I do them.
Type in NaketaKiara on YouTube and you should see it on my channel.
S/O to the supporters
welcome to the future!
in NYC Publicans and Restauranteurs, do you think our impact on policymakers matches that of the social  fiscal revenues we provide?
My first tweet is in your honor.
The old dude has arrived!
Boooooyaaaaa!
Now show me how to work it!
omg I can't wait to the new episode of kickin it ..!!
Is going to be soo cool ..!!!
Getting noticed by you is just as hard as winning the lottery.
Aha.
Lots of love Alex:' Follow me please?
Love you3
That sounds perfectly natural to me, Ma'am.
Reinforcement of a primal  emotional need.
Hard for me to explain but inescapable!
About to do some inventory on childoctorn's books for 3 hours!
What fun I will have...
Then a mediagraphy for class due tomorrow night.
true never let a problem become an excuse ;
i would ace it if i took it
you can't afford it
I believe it to be the most fragrant blossom of all this thorny existence
okay I will, but I have to sleep now, let's talk tomorrow :!
however, I just tried to board the wrong plane, so...
Great stuff!
It's been an awesome, busy weekend.
Milwaukee in the summer is a great place to be.
I'm doctorving down A1A by beach with the most fabulous Latin music blaring in my car!
is hands down the best player in the nation and she showed why she's a star last night.
A Rhianna song, then 5 seconds of her  Chris Martin, then a Coldplay song does NOT equal a groundbreaking collaborative Grammy performance.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BEAUTIFUL
Can't disagree with you.
i want me a Big Mac right now
Mac Miller makes Miltown mad.
I need to buy The Vow..
On curation to creationTry to produce something of quality and making the content count.
Andoctor Wagner
thank you for the kind RTs
Yeah I'll be okay!
:
Becoming addicted to my blog.
Need to read and eat food.
Hard weekend, but surviving well.
SB45 Biz Lesson  22: Watch the replay and learn something.
I, too, am missing my dad today.
He coached bball and fostered my love for the game.
He also loved the CATS!!
Augustana and The Maine are two of my all time favorite bands and to see them together ....
yo hook it up wit some brownies.
If you want to save money traveling, why not buy from yourself?
www.majkltravel.biz
Love that I don't have to watch the Super Bowl to see the spots anymore.
Still hate Super Bowl spots.
I just don't understand how someone does something shitty, than acts almost like a victim and turns it all on you and your actions...
all I Need is Mary i Aint Fuckin Wit no Other doctorg
about to start building up my twitter account!!
let's see what i can do
NATIONAL SUBWAY DAY!!:
Man I used to be lame lmao...Still scrolling
Billy, do you like gladiator movies....
IT WOULD BE NICE IF I COULD GET ON FB
I dont wanna beg or something.
But I need to go to my party soon.
So One of my last chances to get follows:
Follow the amazing cause he will rock your timeline 333
Today was pretty fun.
:
Didn't realize Memoryhouse rerecorded 'heirloom' for their new LP  much prefer the version from their 2010 EP
I want more followers :
Hanging with the god dog tonight...I love puppy snuggles
nick swisher.
Speaking of swishers...what was Fox smoking putting u on twice in one day?
Bad job by them
listening to music!
U?
What about all the other quests in Raiba?
My fantasies keep revolving around choking on cock.
agreed!
: miss my boos
Bout to eat..!
oh cool
lol I bet but I have things to do.
No rain right now, later when I'm at work lol
Thanks for the link!
Remember those posters?
They ended with The footsteps from Richmond keep getting louder
Get your Zumbaon this Sunday with LaTinas Dance  Fitness Studio, as part of the Maui Dance Day Preview.
Presented by Hollywood Theaters.
is that your kid?
He's cute as hell.
seriously lol im jammon out to faded !
Sittn on the porch with my baby 
I think SkyMall is my favorite magazine
Tell me why DFish is lovin this right now
UK is 170, ranked number 2 in the nation and are hated by every major news outlet.
It's good to be back!!!
Damn I'm dumb hungry !!!
Fucking HELL oh my god I hate the orthodontist with my entire being
sure thing.
The cause of success is always in the person that succeeds.
this app cost 2 lol is it worth it?
Nothing like protesting violence with violence..
: When boys are proud to be your boyfriend.
ok, time's up!
wow, it's true: i can't even give it away on twitter.
i'm not disappointed in myself so much as i am in all of you.
If you think God just wants you to be stronger and push through the pain I think you are missing the whole point of the Gospel.
you should smile!
:D
In case you were wondering: Cream cheese does work with bacon cheddar doctorp biscuits just out of the oven.
RT : .
championing : The biggest problem in the academy is cowardice
: you'll love someone who doesn't love you but ignore the person who loves you the most...
No, he had a big owie that needed to be taken care of.
The haircut was a bonus : RT : just for a hair cut?
lol
Pretty sure someone is getting pregnant at this party.
Not it!
Agreed, me too!
nothing gets healed if you cover it up.
nothing I've heard from him was 'raw'
No homework on a Monday?
That never happens
I overheard my 5 year old daughter telling someone that her earrings were made out of carrot gold.
nice to know another runner.
have worked with rick wagner a bunch after acl surgery.
great guy.
very hot run on wed!!
This day has been non stop and it is still no where near over
is coming in tonight for trivia at 8pm.
Get in here to show off that big ol' brain of yours!
Should I get a design for our televised game tomorrow or not?
ArcadeNextLive Toby didn't die in 60 seconds, hmm I'm impressed
American government, please stop meddling in other peoples affairs and start taking care of our people!
LMS for a shoutout video.
Do you write about my most fave meal in the world, Chilaquiles w/ over easy huevo  flour torts, in TacoUSA?
Can't wait!
I wish all elephants were pink.
15yr old multitalented  multiaward winning teen prodigy  entrepreneur is the CEO/Founder of R/T
Don't forget....
We only associate with funny people.
New at 4  teen girls posting videos online to see if they're pretty  what happens next is dangerous.
Hi there MistaMontana
Well of course the kings get it right back!
If Kopitar is on the ice, watch out.
Still say LA will sweep.
Busy coding; great folks out there need the best web technology around to keep their doctoram alive ;
Hope you had a Happy Cyber Monday!
The Little doctormmer Boy is a great one.
Good choice!
Thank you Christine!
Last night, during all of our bedtimes, she made a donation of 15!!
That puts us at 1600!!
Thanks Christine!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CUTIE.
Great lunch today!!
it is and completely fat and calorie free!!
;
Facebook break up alot of relationships
Love the Star Man.
Makes me want to chunk someone out of the ring.
21 day juice fast?
Wow.
What, no way.
Link!
And just like that...
Gophers take a penalty.
They must not have see my last tweet.
Hard Work, Pays Off...
i guess katie
Elvis Presley performed in 837 consecutive sold out shows in Vegas.
All socialmedia have different user bases.Know your users, where they are; target  customize your messages accordingly
Getting a Quote for merch!!!!!!
we're gonna have preorders up soon hopefully.
Stay posted!!!
:
I don't get it...I didn't get to sleep til about 3 this morning, yet I wake up at 6 and am not half as tired as I was yesterday.
God takes things away from you, but he also replaces with blessings..
Weathering the storm to appreciate the sunny days!
OH MY GOD THE MOON!
I really hope he moves on...
He doesn't need her!!!
I second that!!!
Bring it on!
RT : Ramones fans, We're premiering Joey Ramone's new track 'RockAndoctorll Is the Answer today.
Stay tuned.
Let's go Bravos ::clap clap clap:: Let's go Bravos ::clap clap clap:: Let's go Bravos :: clap clap clap:::
Quote of the day: You are always being watched.
Sometimes you can tell, and sometimes it's just in your head.
still chasing Leslie Accoca?
Just wanna be done with school so I can have a bomb summer.
For christmas i want a visa giftcard, money, mac makeup, itunes giftcards.
France has long dominated the manufacture of toilet articles, but at last she gives place to American genius in the arena of the toilet.
Really exciting research from tonight on computermediated communication and nonverbal immediacy.
They sure are!
Let us know if you want to set up a tasting or place a bulk order :
yeah I saw that.
wth.
It didn't even register as odd until I read your tweet.
I just thought, Oh, a blue cube.
Huh.
Off to enjoy my mother's day massage paid for by my lovely husband
I'm sure they will!
:
I'm interested in you if I spend some money on u

NP sooner than later  doctorke
Just going up the stair for a wee snooze!
aw that's cute.
Your mistakes should be your motivation, not your excuses.
you look lonly down there...
Time to workout.
Eat well and love me as God loves me.
JUST AS I AM.
You working out with me?
Health question later today.
why u tlkn bout pple, one day we gne all beat yo Ass.
U mke yo self seme perfect but no 1 is.
So u must be' a noone!!!
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
Boy: Is it in?
Girl: Yes.
Boy: How does it feel?
Girl: It hurts, But I like it Boy:Ok let's see if this shoe comes in a bigger size
You gotta grab it by the honches and hump it into submissiom
Big wheels coming to Louisville later this month!
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
RT : Yay!
Gerrard's injured.
Thanks!
Some very interesting stuff.
I missed what Pres.
Grant's wife whispered 2 him after telling story about the miscarriage!
She made that up 2 get votes, rt?
I don't see how anyone could hate you.
People ask,When can I start workin with Street Beauty Entertainment?: : :
ClOpens suck
Cant wait to hear your new Christmas Album: I bet its gonna be great!
Hate Is A Strong Word But I Really Really Really Dislike You !!!
Theses 15 hour days Suck Balls
O.
Is that new?
A new friend to the studio, Elijah was just in recording some vocals, sounding good.
Adequate Monday: Looking a Day Ahead to Super Tuesday
A1 Home run!
I believe marriage is the union between a man and a woman.
Now, for me as a Christian, its also a sacred union.
Barack Obama, 2008.
I hung up in Emori because he kept putting me on hold !
excep me; Me no doin it
Today in 1862 Gen.
Hunter of the Union Army proclaimed the freedom of slaves in GA, FL  SC.
Pres Lincoln promptly annulled it
All yellowtagged clothing is 75 off today with the Manager's Special  come in and revamp your wardoctorbe for a song!
When you realize one of the shortest guys is only one inch shorter than you.
I think going to Carl Douglas funeral would be awesome because they'd probably play Kung fu fighting when they brought out the coffin
Very simply put....
U don't work U don't Eat...
No, OS X, my screen name is not 'deviatory'  but thanks for raising the notion.
So you can go on your toes and stuff?
Yeah, it's just that easy, going on your toes and stuff.
good question thou Haha
One more CD release show to go for my album Coyote Blues...then it's back to the studio to record...I have a lot to do!
Sticks and stone may break my bones but our broken love an never be fixed
If you love something set it free
Time for everyone to test and buy 40 pack of condom boxes or get married.
This is the best time being home alone just get to relax
I wonder if i'm alone in really disliking the flow of text in css3 multicolumns
: Just downloaded Call Me Maybe MyLifeIsComplete RepeatForDays our favorite song : 
its time to step ur game up
bringroseyback.
Gotta let keep the  tho
I'm always in the mood to write when I have so much other stuff to do.
Guess it's time to restructure.
Loud pack
100 Flags for 100 Years will teach girls the importance of and patriotism in properly retiring the US flag.
Happy Pi Day!
We gotta know who's celebrating with pie today?
Yumm
Do U have any Mixtapes to share?

thanks for following!
I would've loved to hear that conversation.
How did your appearance on Talk of the Town go in Nash?
Do you have link to it?
Big FF shout to other movie peeps
Follow she is new to twitter!
what do people say about some of our band members haircuts?
Lolol Not about image but talent.
While recorded they suck.
buffalo wing sunflower seeds are amazing.
33333
we have some Prosecco in the fridge for ringing in the New Year...
hooray!
So, uhm, if there's such a thing as perfect, I think I found it.
don't forget the lettuce bits.
gross.
All I want to do is go to sleep and all I can do is keep watching Sean Avery on
Yoga for Athletes with Hilary is a great workshop for runners, crossfitters,  more.
ABQ if ur on Eubank bw Paseo and Academy, state police r ticketing construction zone
Goal: Tweet less and do more.
: They should have soccer matches on the infield of Nascar tracks so you can watch to boring things at once.
disagree but funny
People wanna see you do good...
but not better than themselves.
Wow im watchin movie We Are Marshall was 13 when plane crashed great movie
thanks for following if u want the best scissors made hit me up my service is unmatched by anyone peace
Chorus concert at
yeah yeah yeah.
I wanted to just click it, I GUESS I can go to the trouble to copy and paste.
Suns out.
Time to tan.
Ok Jeff Blake is not a mark I take that back.
It turns out that losing a project manager halfway through a project makes things very stressful.
Heard at sfgiants game.
Brewer fan to Giants fan If you ever get to Wisconsin, be sure to go to Camp Randall for a game.
At church nd best cuz not here with me :'
lol!
Kiss my ass!
I've got to get this thing to go away!
I live in the US and just purchased Issue 191.
The DVD contains a link to a free typeface, Akko, but the link doesn't work.
Impact, yes, but not significantly so.
We'll still have a good crowd both days.
I'm in overflow room still waiting for keynote to start!
Are they cammo?
That makes it better.
I was gonna pull a double tomorrow to help a sister out when she needs it rullbad but now I'm not allowed to.
So I hope the mall burns down.
Excited about my date tonight
Yeah, the kind of no collarcollar.
And Peggy is from those Discover commercials.
Peggy of the Bill Cosby sweaters.
you talking about what you want to do to me .....don't talk about it....
be about it...cuz you know seeing is believing
Most Psanderettes want to date Peyton.
Me?
I would rather be friends because friendship lasts longer.
:
I'm going to start styling myself as the King Beyond the Wall.
why does murray play penner period?
or as much as he does?
moller is so much better, even if he is smaller.
That is so 58 seconds ago!
I'm good.
You moving to Vegas?
love 2 see you replying to all the cubs fans!
Im doctorving from LA to see you in action vs Angels this weekend.
signmyjersey??
you should try to make it to a game in the next round of playoffs!
isn't that beyond perfect!
Lmfao, how did I not see the doctorscoll trick play on Ridiculousness?
This episode is old.
is a boss .
get on continue rtc!
outside doug fur with a few others
Just auditioned for playwright/author Glenn Alterman.
I said, Ey your books live in my house!
Lol.
He laughed lol
Happy Mother's Day moms!!
The first rec I go with, The Brothers K, might be the best book I've ever read.
I saw Lindsay Lohan trending all of sudden and my first thought is: They sending this junkie back to jail so soon?
2nd thought was: whatever
Let's slip on out where it's a little bit darker, and when it gets a little bit hotter...We'll take it off on out in the water.
Thanks, and you too, lovely weekend!
obvv who in there right mind would want too loll
Films I'm waiting for: Skyfall, Looper, Argo, Lawless
Yes, an unannounced fire doctorll, and a nice break from work
happy belated birthday!!
aww that's no good I'm sorry to hear that
2006 I knew I wanted own my own business
where at?
lmao kill an...
Wow!
giggles lool btw when are you getting yours on?
I'm not a fan of the fact that I haven't seen you in FOREVER!!
109 Capper posted today all college hoops with 5 consensus from their picks with Florida  Syracuse both run aways...See ya at the window

the Library: the gals at the circ desk are talking about chastity belts.
we never talk about anything that titillating in reference
Mushroom tip.
I just got that!
haha
Come dine with us on Monday 1/9 and 20 of attributed sales will go back to Hamilton Middle School!!
Are you back home?
ooh.
that sounds like a good read.
thanks for the rec.
That awkward moment when you realize you've been singing the words wrong to a song your whole life.
Finished the superlatives..
hardest thing I've done all year
Who knew possession of an inflatable beach ball between 11PM8AM required a valid doctorver's license?
That explains a lot.
Oh ok.
Well that's cool too
Going home early.
Like 4 hours early.
Don't feel well enough to be here
I wish I was cool enough to tweet my life:p
If you can't compete with people on their level, just change the rules.
Via womcc via
it scared me half to death!
it's now FBO!!
Gtb mike 
Waiting for forever.
We did it!
enjoy while you can.
Soon your child will insist on the Proust Channel.
No cartoons for you then!
Dogs, on the other hand....
: Cats don't eat pizza.
GO AWAY.
// I love the DosEquis guy and all, but after seeing RG3 on Leno last night, he just might take his job!
hope that means were going back to blue pants like in the 1970s
I need to pay better attention the Hyatt has a weight room ofcourse I didn't notice this until after 80mins on the ellipticaltomorrowfosho!
is on a minivacation til Monday!
I swear rain always ruins my plans :/
I've only had it for a month myself.
Diigo is social bookmarking.
It's great for keeping track of all my resources.
its raining.
please come cuddle with me.
I know it's not 11:11 but I'm still wishing, hoping, and praying that SOMEDAY just someday you will follow us :
Follow people with similar interests
NOW you can relax!
I'm so happy for you.
hey thanks for following : followed back, of course.
xo
hah low key
I didn't know you were on Twitter :
no : sorry girl
just got back in town it was great to be home....It a was a blast to chill with real shouthren niggas DUVAL
Enjoy your Labor Day weekend.
Stay cool.
It's hot out there!
Sometimes it's so hard to let go of a loved one that we find ways to keep them alive within us.
I check twitter couple times during day and just hate links ..just say what you mean
This is why I  you RT : Facebook is scary when you notice the dumbest person you've ever met is now delivering babies
not you earl!
Exciting sunday plans include a trip to in search of new vacuum cleaner, any recommendations?
I lift up mine eyes unto the hills, from whence cometh my help.
MY HELP COMETH FROM THE LORD, witch made heaven and earth.
Pslm 121
Email: Like the National Notory Association on FB to fight breast cancer, beware 'Foreclosure Assistance' Scams  other great resources
ilovemydadeventhough his answer to a spider in the house was spraying 1/2 bottle of toxic pest killer rather than grabbing a shoe.
Really?
Hey twitter friends, do anything fun last night for halloween?
I was told by a coworker he avoided me this morning because he knew I would be disappointed by his wrinkly shirt.
How was doctorke??
And, secondly, where's she going by train?
It can't be that bad.
Try 4 kids, by yourself for 8 hours.
The fun part is when they all start fighting.
Good luck.
Salivating professorsely GTS love : we've got the best selection!
GTS also in stock!
I'm so hungover I could murder a large child
Happy Birthday...You were almost a patriotic baby?
yyyyyyeeeeeesssssss all in my mouth lol...the eatable ones 
the iPhone 4.
I have to tell you.
It super important.
why yes I am.!
20 min an counting down to the most bad ass tv series of all time!
MandelaArt to feature Limited Edition Nelson Mandela signed artwork prints on Hautelook over Memorial Day weekend  see www.MandelaArt.com
thanks for the FF
Still amazed even after seeing it again
If you sit x legged, left hip rooted 2 mat; reach up with your left fingers sky; gently tip to right how does that feel?
I love when movie ads on Youtube only shell out for 5 seconds, and you can hit skip ad when you know it's PG but not what movie it is XD
.
.
Good morning
congrats on the win !!
they looked so handsomee!!
:D
I feel like a lot of people on the list serve are going away from that.
Showman, I'm a better chick than you could ever be.
I'm sure It won't be the last lol.
Oh and don't forget candy!!!dude now I'm hungry :/ lol
AndersonIdolPlaylist my favorite british artist is the band one direction and my favorite song by them is what makes you beautiful
It's probably better not to ask.
Turkey baster?
we can make up our own coachella!
lets just get some candy and blast some kpop, its kpop coachella!
i like.
Nice to be at home working today...and branching out a bit with the G2
Defeat is not the worst of failures.
Not to have tried is the true failure.
ByGeorge Edward Woodberry
Them Asian girls on world star ain't about that life!!
Im an admin?
SINCE WHEN?
: Jill
There is definitely a learning/teaching paradigm shift going on.
good morning Mike!
Hugs and kisses!
You too!
Have a wonderful day!
:
I won't ask you how you know that
The New Chrysler 300's are the shit..
I really am thinking about getting one..
But in the future..
When im balling lol
big fan of the Artest means well meme
also, there's a j.lindeberg party on thu night.
Its so fun being locked out of my own housee :D yipppppppyyyyyy !
NOT .
Gonna stop by tonight!
Catch us if you can with the hood down on this sunny day !
: Whoohoo!!
So glad you found it!!
I love this shot!
it's the coolest pic ever!
Thanks!!
Leadership Quote of the Day: Mind the details.
Small leaks will sink a ship.
nope, full pours as well for as long as they last :
haha what u on?
WHAT a hit.
Loved it!
Beautiful morning in LA, hello everyone!
I'm saying that if, you and me, had a baby together, it would be
RT Interested in digitalpreservation?
Help get Stack Exchange QA for Dig.
Pres.
go live.
Commit: http://...
libraries have my eternal love for offering a labeled MARC view.
ATTN STUDENTS!
To start Winter Qtr out right, you can get the classic waffle for only 1, now until Friday at the U district location.
Watching Game of Thrones on  it's one of the best shows on TV
Miami....you better win the next game!
can't let stupid Bulls win this lol
Duke went down yesterday to a 15 seed, too bad so sad
Little Weapons is back in Los Angeles!
It's about to be a weekend!
Keep up with us through Twitter, FB, and Tumblr for what's next!
Fake tan looks perfectly normal if your mum screwed a wotsit!
Oh my god Becky!!!
The wife of POTUS deserves an Oscar for that.
Fri night, baby is down.
attempting to learn Indoor Fireworks by LHC.
wow he sings high.
It's okay, and thanks, I'm glad!
3
Thx!
RT Thanks to for discussing my latest project.
Recommend if you need clarity on vision or space.
New golf bag, and a glove.
club tomorrow !
3 this has been the craziest week , like ever !
My boyfriend is looking good as fuck.
Can't wait to get him home.
Today is Bob Marley's birthday...
I don't understand how Super Mario can smash blocks with his head but dies when he touches a turtle.
Amazing lunch with PeterHuang.
This is why I love higher education.
Want to see KIROConnect how to communicate important info to local community
You fuckers wanna get rough?
Okay, I'm reloaded.
if you love Christian Beadles then follow m for tweets facts about Christian
Is any one up
It's too sunny today when I don't have class..
ugh
Gonna change my username
is having a fashion show at Voyeur at 10:00 pm on Tuesday night!
This event is going to be huge!
we have lots of traveling to do and not plan!
:
honest mistake, lol.
4am.
I'm exhausted.
but I can't sleep.
.
so I'm bugging again
Were this a movie, I'd swear the snow is doctormatic foreshadowing for a shitty semester.
Welcome to everyone here for today!
dont get left behind
Some people say this is nice weather.....I would agree and add that its perfect weather for a new phone
That's why I love you
You got it bffl :
I knew you'd appreciate that.
RT: Halfway through !
It has been such a success that we are extending it until Oct.
31!!!
Book ur 50 treatments 2day!
I'll be around SCT for both of those dates.
I'm not too involved with MML, but I am working FOH.
Yay I finished.
Now I get to cuddle in bed and k.o lol 
OMG, that's in the Wisconsin State Journal?
Someone got paid to write that?
No mention of for Challenge Hall Of Fame?
Help us reach 500 followers  promote our fantastic services.
We supply bespoke Business Telecom solutions and Great Customer Service!
James Harden 6th Man of the Year
Is Clyde a guy who can do that?
Half the time Peyton looks like he wants to scream at him.
Fat Tuesday!
What's for dinner?
Lots of great places on Madison to choose from!
one day I'm gonna go on tour
RT : When the American Community Survey is outlawed, only outlaws will have countylevel population migration data
Perhaps shockey went to great lengths to fabricate the text!
Photoshop whiz.
And no punish for sapp I'm sure.
People like him on nfln.
your San Diego weather report is making it easier to leave Minnesota.
Thanks!
Enjoyed the Unsung  Ray Parker Jr.
screening in Hollywood a few nights ago.
Ray is an incredibly talented musician, songwriter  singer.
Come out to Jack's tonight!
9p We're playing with Bronze Whaler, Consider the Source, and 8cover,
are you on Facebook
Why there always gotta be some shit going down outside when I'm trying to get home?
Can misterPres just wait until 6:05 to blow through FWest?
Hightech tomatoes.
Mysterious milk.
Supersquash.
Are we supposed to eat this stuff?
Or is it going to eat us?
Bear in Underwear by Todd Goldman was 1 childoctorns title in Target last week!
Congrats Todd!
We 3 Bear
The text I just got...
fucking jesus christ
awee thanks, I took a look at the inboxes when I got home, tomorrow should be fffaaaannntttaasssticcc!
Exhausted by the mental strain
Aweh I loved that one too : and really ?
That is weird :
Now welcoming any Vancouver restaurant recommendations from the Twitter Foodiesphere!
Let me know if there's any place I can't miss!
hello Lorena!Thanks for the follow!
Wandering blindly around some weird pool in my glasses basketball shorts and a swimsuit
where's my invite....smdh
thank u and I hope so as well
RT : If you're going to have siren noises in your songs then they shouldn't be allowed to play on the radio
Nice evening and good conversations at Morgenthaler's annual Schmoozapalooza.
Now the redeye to NYC.
Thx for taking time to follow!
Let me know if you think we could work together
Food Diary: Tuna Salad w/olive oil mayo, whole grain crackers, and an apple.
Will be hungry soon, but it's ok to eat often.
Q2 Point is, it's all about the patron base and their needs.
awesome!!
Same for me!
Do you like Racing games?
:D
I love being part of a greyhound rescue I love to help them in everyway.
So excited for your book club!
what happened ?
/:
Whats up lil birdies!!!
Have u voted for our salon yet?
go to Thanks u guys all rock!!!!!!!!
m call or text me tomorrow
lmao!!
I know she loves the camera!!
happybirthdayjboogz trend already I'm getting introuble because of you
I like how instead of having the walls covered with charts, the Falcons war room just all have laptops and not much else
Pie is exhausting, y'all.
This lady Roseanne Muller is here at Chamber Music Roundup from San Antonio!
We used to play at UIW together!!
has the most beautiful voice ever.
I love his music.
xo till we od
Its takes a lot of courage for a girl to say I love you 3 But well here goes I love you.
Nice!
Who do you currently use?
After about a month of quitting the pain medicine I looked back at the weeks past amazed.
No pain!
No nothing!
Continued next tweet
do not want to be studying for this ...
I vote for putting Twitter handles on ISTE badges next year.
It was great seeing you at the Promenade today!
word that's was up, what's next on the line up for you?
Maybe since I'm so unprepared I'll get a 100
oh.
oh my god.
I've never seen this.
THANK YOU!
Lol!
I can't imagine how different that seems to you right now.
:
Steve McQueen's wife is introducing the movie!
nigga I wish me an my girl tryna get a house bro im lookin fa extra work rite now bro lbs
Seeing my best friends in the whole world tomorrow
Unfortunately not...Hahahahaha I know, the name is misleading
Thanks!
At first I wasn't so sure, but it's growing on me.
neophyte question: if using live actors anyway, why the need for virtual characters?
painting the guns, painting the guns, for the bank robbery.
cuz we go in with our plastic guns and the cops will shoot us in our face...
Riskratio measures return on wager vs probability of outcome.
Awww the dinner party : everyone getting together
louis..the same crew as those milwaukee brewers
Haha!
Indeed that may be true!!!
I did say it was a small but vocal fan club.
Rosemary Thyme is on the pod warmer today at work.....my mom says it smells like soap.
So, had a pretty busy day at the office planned until I ended up in the hospital this morning.
Appendix surgery in an hour.
I think nicks dead...
Possibly the best part of buying a car at nissan s.
hills: going to while it's serviced.
there ya go!
want me to tell him for you ?
:
Thank you!
Don't understand Mike?
It's a great great show  deserves praise  not a fan?
Or have not watched?
Some time between the 5/9  5/12 I think.
Those are the next days off.
At least, the next days off not filled with side jobs
I don't want to go to the dentist.
:
when you get a chance to help with cancer , Do it .
And then me, Danielle and the teacher we laughed...
It was so funny!!!
hahahhahaha dnt worry we wont judge u
Partitions look beautiful along with steely framework and marvelously portray your back and
gosh i havent been on here in a while
YESS!!!
: that would be amazing 3 are you from Minnesota?
thank u for gradually making techhouse a household word in the U.S.
I've been waiting for years for this to happen!

i WANT niqkuhs to cry  pour out their Heart fhr me ,  tell me how much they Hate it when they APART frum me 
congrats for another top 10 finish in the Indy Lights Series

Only thing better than a baseball player, is a SMART baseball player.
HOT
ASK YOUR GOD THEN THINK AGAIN KING WITHIN ME
I love GH and other soaps!
I watch YR, BB, and GH everyday.
RT Watching GH
right right that dont mean nothing tho..
u both we get whooped
deleted because I keep remembering more.
I know too many awesome people if that's the only qualification besides occupation
this is the most blatantly racist rant posing as journalism that I ever seen on the Chronicle website!
Horrible!
not yet
What kind of names are in your family tree?
I have an ancestor named Atlantic Ocean...
His teammates hate him.
The guy sitting next to him at SAL AS game signing couldn't stand him.
His coaches don't like him.
but it takes just the right one to command it.
Swinging and reliving my childhood with :
I'm confuse are u hatin on iPhones or r u just sayin type shit
on the way there, yes!
Then I'm going to Disneyland to meet up with my fam!
Small nervous breakdown today.
Miniwig?
Microgeddon?
Nanocalypse?
If you don't mind me asking, where are you headed to school?
Land at 6:15.
No idea how long it'll take me to catch the metro to the stop closest to my hotel.
Ah.
Thanks.
I spent the weekend at Long Beach WA  so I'm not too jealous but still appreciate the pic post!!
Don't understand why 911 call from day when student jumped from rear of bus is news.
Who wants to hear that?
if you aren't watching TheVoice you are missing out!
Its cute when girls like you try to have an epiphany.
.
Smh
just DM'd it
follow me back
Thursdays, Veggie Flautas Corn tortilla filled with ancho roasted potato,spinach,mushrooms and cilantro.Rolled up and crisped to perfection
You shall be missed!
We'll toast to your good health and hope to see you at the next one.
Stay tuned for more SI/Thirst adventures!
Save your doctorma for ange.
.
.
.
.
Let's connect.
I'm working with RT: I'm not in NO but me and my guys would be interested.
Be ready for a faceful of hair.
:P
So freaking cool.
I want more.
Watching the Lakers win!
Im js you could do better .
Looking forward to listening to all of the old podcast episodes that just became available on iTunes!
ha!
doubtful!
what'd you do to yourself?
Yup!
Back to real life.
So.
Much.
Laundoctor.
Too early to be angry and too late to fix yesterday.
New day, new work, new opportunities.
Be thankful, be prosperous, be blessed.
Wow just woke up!
My body needed the sleep.
Live Music 9:30PM 2nite at Mississippi Pizza  Pub, Featuring Dean!
jazz/folk/rock
LA Fitness in Arlington sucks!
20 for one week..
What a joke
lemme get doctorssed .
Finished all my grad school apps and two residency apps.
i think two more residency apps and I'm done.
what a marathon!
If you live in Nevada you need to update your Powers of Attorney!
i'm sending you motivational thoughts.
We turned a corner on an open road  Another metaphor to help you share the weight of this load.
::oppenheimer::look up::
love it, you're raising a wordsmith!
:
piano lessons
Let's go UK!!
Wildcats all the way!
It's hard to make a comeback when you haven't been anywhere.
I expected it to be a bit closer!
yeah pass by on Friday or Saturday in the afternoon :
Organized crime accounts for an average of 10 of the United States' national income.
Family leaving boohoo wa
Dat funny.
You should eat sum my cookies.
you too!
Have a safe trip home and let us know next time you're on this side of the Atlantic...
Beautiful Girl...
nice.
my app be tweakin aye is lien I don't see that shit no were on the news
Chicken...fried or baked...Mary J or a Diddy artist?
Which?
Seabiscuit broke  reset speed records running against younger horses, often carrying as much as 30 pounds more weight than his competitors
Those who stay will be champions....
BSSC Volleyball Champions Summer 2011!
I believe in fairies...
Them Bones.
Best Alice In Chains song ever.
The shame is on U,not our fallen soldier!I would figure out where your going before you tell any1 else!Your pathetic!
Study for finals or watch tv.
I choose tv.
If I die tomorrow , than I would have no problem because I enjoyed my life fully.
follow
BandsILove Transit, tssf, such gold, defeater, Man Overboard, The Wonder Year, Lydia, Touché Amoré, Handguns, Stickup kid  La dispute
you guys hear about this sarah phillips, the con artist who convinced ESPN she was a columnist?
Lol she a celebrity hopper.
lol I'm listening to red hot chillie peppers xD
I second that!
But I'm an East Coast watcher....We should trend it in ALL TIME ZONES!!
God will break you of your religion
L'Enfant Thank You for showing your Ficelle love.
Enjoy your weekend!
Wow!
in discussion with Andoctorw Keen about Digital Vertigo at
Happy February!
Celebrate the start of a new month.
Treat yourself to one of Shorty's lunch specials starting at only 4.79!
dude no lie since that shit has been missing all i do is see turtles!
im not going the same day as marianas trench tho D:
So upset I'm missing Mob Wives tonight!
Maybe can give me a RT to make up for it?
She's the best and takes no shit!
In Your Life.
Make Good Choices And Be Wise With Your Achievements.
You Made A Mistake.
Life goes on.
Go Foward.
Do Good Things To Be Proud.
MT : American Airlines charging 150 rebooking fee PER TICKET, not per reservation.
Cheaper to scrap ticket  fly different airline
trust You know my eyes are always scanning the room in a shifty manner.
Meek Mill  Ready Or Not
most likely
Not in the best mood today
Yes!
Resurrection  Monk's def have food.
Dunno re: Grave Tavern.
Coop has a killer looking wine dinner, but I don't know details.
It coz I have been revising, I no complain when you revise!
x
it's taking a long time for me to receive an email saying that i can host a bieber site.
.
any chance to win some tix to Foster The People?
Less love More sex No calls Just texts New dude No ex More sleep No stress
I start the day by being bold: Kombucha does nothing and it rots your teeth.
lol yeah just how I like em
In my opinion, the best Concierge Lounge in 's fleet is in the Magnificent Mile Marriott in Chicago.
Former governor of Maine?
nice man
Yeah, I still don't have your number!
thanks for RT  how are you keeping?
Just discovered you and now I'm complete!
Not quite sure how I've existed until now.
;
fails at updating status often enough..
Keep your eye out for exclusive party slayerz track tonight!!
I'm reading my old diary from senior year of HS.
It's incredibly embarrassing and hilarious and ooey gooey cute.
Sweet!
I'd love to...
any time.
yeah me too : hahah
Today's the day we do a brand new show at the UCB in LA at 6:30pm.
It's gonna happen today!
Find someone that fits your personalty
Happy New Year, Mark!
Looking forward to getting your solo album in 2012!
Can't wait!!!
D God bless you  your family!
It's so funny I move to VA and I have seen more movies than when I was home funny
Favorite thing about the summer?
Dippin' Dots 3 oh come to daddy.
Did you know?
if you say beer can with a British accent, it sounds like you're saying bacon with a Jamaican accent.
:
on my way to school but i just wanna sleep
Mivi: It just gets better  better!
Enthusiasm, ideas, creativity  knowledge at
Goto Mom, def.
The Mom a child goes to on the playground when the child's Mom is not present.
I'll give the page a few shoutouts :
3 Miller Lite bottles  playoff basketball  newly revamped RedIvy Sports Club with massive comfortable booths 
Thanks for coming to our class tonight!
Woo!
oh yeah :
Can i get a MAke it happen!!?
Love is a fool, just like me.
When you tell Oklahoma City fans everybody clap your hands, by God they clap their fucking hands.
Rangers or Cards?
Who wins game 7?
My favorite experience with is meeting them at the shaved ice stand...
: :D Rock on...
doctorAM BIG!
For Qs coming in about how the Trending Index is computed.
A: TI is based on combined activity level.
Im Here To Support My Imspiration
I missed your twitter party.
I don't know if I can smile again.
I've heard the same thing about LA, although I've only been there once and it was more than 10 years ago.
what's love if it ain't worth dying for ?
Are you a fan of One Direction???
we'll be there!
Cnt wait!!!
X
Gonna be in the studio sometime this weekend.
We don't believe in THINspiration, we believe in FITspiration who's yours?
i used to listen to Mitch...
now I have my third child on the way.
presentation on IT contracting tremendously useful, great highlevel practical practice advice.
Hope everyone had a great and safe Easter Sunday
well, now 6.
Time sensitive joke.
But how crazy is that?
My son is Magic!!
I'm so sad I couldn't come watch you!!
Next time, princess!
Keep working hard :
no problem.
Thank you for the follow back
They say that love is blind...too bad it's not, it sure would help.
Republicans are standing and clapping.
Was a Democrat just arrested?
Home, home again.
I like to be here when I can.
When I come home cold and tired It's good to warm my bones beside the fire.
that want nothing but to WIN other than dying !
Take no prisoners only one Survivior :
Who says Mondays have to suck!?
We like to celebrate Mondays by giving you a great doctornk and food specials all day and night!
Recommend cooking it first..
Guru Tips  Release the door from the garage door opener and work it manually.
if it is too heavy schedule a service call....
doing as I was told...
tweeting or something.
Tomorrow going to Corsica, can't believe school is in 8 days
Glad I am not the only one.
If its not Carter Barron, I leave it alone.
I just love the song.
I need my medication OO
Well 2 tylenol and a double shoteuphoria....woo hoo!
Damn Lmao
I haven't Tweeted all day.
aww thnks for the S/O babes ,  im not mean im jus real !
Please.
You'll be riding in on horseback or something anyway.
As if.
In expressing love we belong among the undeveloped countries.Saul Bellow
Good Luck with the Colts !
Time for graduation doctorss shopping :
Adeles performance was beautiful!
What picture?
that's huge.
I have friends out there and I've been planning a trip myself.
doctorving on the wrong side is goin to trip me out
oh i'm well aware of his instagram...
SMH
That rocks!
Thanks so much!
:
Ima make you wet the bed 33
1 1/2 work days left for the rest of the year, but still a busy day ahead
Overslept again!!!!!!!
It's like a negative circle of life.
thanks 4 following
You miss 100 of the shots you don't take.
There was a beach ball in the parking lot this morning, I should bring it in for some office stress relief.
On the topic of my last post, how and why does racism still exist?!
There are great/good/bad/terrible people of all colors, shapes and sizes
God is  1 over here.
don't listen to what you've heard.
Which one?
Dont cry!!
RT : when a song makes you cry
Thank you have great week ahead remember the new you is yet to emerge
Wesley, you know that it has nothing on the BC!
thanks yall really for following
Persevere and get it done.
George Allen
oh hi, enjoying my pictures I see.
Haha!
RT : Jack was scared of flies for a while, lol
aint tryna go to twitter jail yet, let me chill
had a oneonone tutor for maths today.
that joyous moment where you understand maths  holy proud of myself :.
I had some too yesterday.
Made me.
I can't take all the credit though, got me hooked on it.
Can't go back.
what!
U shoulda came back!!!
Eavesdoctorpping What's your ETA?
/ Problem set.
Not going well.
/
I'm gonna prayfordemi even though i'm not a big fan and even though I don't exactly know what's going on rite now...
good look...
Me and my bro are gonna roll with our jerseys this year to the games..
Wish we could get them autographed!
Lol
Your Happy Hour looks pretty tempting!
Might have to come in some time this week :
Just leaving Texas Land and Cattle Co in Austin after a great strategy meeting with and
I love Melissa HarrisPerry.
She's brilliant and beautiful.
RT : Who else is up wit me and 'm up
Thanks for the follow!
Following you too...
thanks our clients for their patronage...
You are all appreciated!
RT Is Frank Luntz the illegitimate son of Newt Gingrich?
Sure looks like it.
Don Mattingly today on with Dan Patrick
Just finishing fabulous NOLA dinner from local chefs organized by Mayor Landoctoreu
shoe market in vegas...1 million shoes...attended great seminars..super speakers..love these kind of learning days.
RT : Best party favors ever from LFX Launch party!
Perky Jerky.
RIP Donna Summer
I'm looking to speak with someone on the Goodhue county wind turbines in
RT !!
pretty sure it would be her doctoram come true, all she does is talk about you!
see you April 13th!!!
read them in three days.
So.
Good.
Robert Pattinson with no hair GROSS
Hey, me too.
The news is so depressing
Be someone who makes someone else look forward to tomorrow.
How can I possibly transcend without an internet connection?
This show is so freakin good!
I have two hockey games and baseball practice for my older son.
We also have a Scouting event most of the day on Saturday.
what am i doing...yes thats y im doing me...im livin life right now...
Cute kitty :3!
The urgency of the hour is upon us.
Jesus, wake me up!!!
I like wobble..
I think that's what its called ;
That's Awesome!
Day 1 Success.
Can't wait to get home change and do absolutely nothing with
Just lit up 3 midterms in 12 hours, now its nap time
I'm trying to sell my mom weed
Will someone please tell the GOP Congress that it's Women's history monthtoday and every day women have rights.
Why don't we use umlaut more often?
ä ë ï ö ü Such a waste of a perfectly good diacritic.
Young Latino Artist 16: Thought Cloud Artist 9 Carmen Flores Artist, official site.
www.carmenflores.com
At the doctor's.
Getting meds.
I got my doctornk and my 2 step
RT : Kansas Jayhawks versus Kentucky pansycats tonight.
Rock Chalk, Jayhawk...thank god basketball season has arrived.
Thomas wish Happy Birthday for me shes my bestie.
I like how u tweet Goodnite then you tweet again!
Swaggy : 3 lol
Great work.
Terrific concept RT : Did you know  13 new Moishe Houses have opened since January 2011!
I wonder why they call sweet nothings nothings, when they are sweet somethings, or everything.
this show was talking bout that
It was fabulous to see last night!
Thank you for the awesome dinner!
agreed!
Thank you!
Really enjoyed our digital research  scholarship talk too.
the things I would do to u baby ugh I want to show u how much I love u right now.
Meow!
Xo
RT : Heading over to meet w/ the GenNext group w/ about the Datotel journey and our involvement in the community
I can't wait to get my silver star!!
Amen!
Thankful!
RT : I serve a God who heals :
Hurray!
donuts are here!!
:D
Releasing our second single Crash and Burn tomorrow at 6!
We hope you guys are as stoked as we are!
You need to get a bigger American flag  go to Perkins.
Lose weight by breaking the fast eat breakfast folks!
Don't have time?
Get at me I'll get it for you ;
Umm so won MVP today not shocked he the shit
Greenspan Declares Obama's 'Worst Mistake,' Was On Deficit huffpost And his best move was not listening to Greenspan!
Distance means so little when someone means so much

In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take, relationships we were afraid to have,and the decisions we waited too long to make
wow a new fan every minute
MeeSan Thai Eatery outstanding!
Pork sausage, pad thai, rice noodle soup all fresh w/ great flavors.
and son.
his wife doesn't want to associate herself with the once mad woman.
Yeah it is!
Congrats!
U gentlemen have any idea the crap I take being a Packer fan here?
its true.
just read that and while i think it had problems and was all over the place, it was still way above the pack
Who will be crowed TheVoice?
Watch the final 4 and vote HERE!
See folks, just put a sticker on your vehicle, follow us on Twitter and Facebook and get FREE stuff!!!
I can't wait for tomorrow and Sunday 
Great day to be a reporter ...loving this weather
me to
Congrats to Laura Zera!
gay people are doctorma queens!
lol
41 tonight Hope everyone made some cash
Could BEING ELMO be a sortof third person hell?
I really like because it allows me to text/SMS while flying using wifi
The truth will always triump.
Seek the truth and follow it.
ya they have a set with a mic built in.
Great with iPhone.
Not sure about how they work with other phones.
Back from the ASTA convention in Atlanta.
Things went exceptional well and we saw a lot of our old friend and happy to meet new ones.
cant sell with a piece of pizza in your mouth
Jeep dealer shoppin while skippin school: but now i gotta go back, in the middle of global studies  .Happy bday pappap3 i miss you
awesome defense, as usual!
Haha you wish she was faithful.
At Ruby's .
.
Still hungry.
it's so hot in my room!!
Friends, we're building playlists.
Holler at us if you have music up on Spotify!

single  taken  doctorpping out of society to live in the wilderness as a unicorn ;
and yes I know you are right about cointelpro ice etc...so true
My sport very very favorite is he soccer I like much play with my friends of the school the Saturdays in the morning
ImMadBecause I'm not chowing down on wings at Quaker Steak  Lube right now.
you were NINE POUNDS???!!!!
HOLY F!
aint shot bro what's good?
.
I've added you to my SelfAbsorbedClique list.
Congratulations, you're now sitting at the big boy table.
Dude in the news just said technoweenies!
Good Luck!
And don't spray it into the wind!!!
Romney's planning a major economic speech on Tues, but I misread it as magic.
im just saying..me and my brothers talked about this over pizza for hours today...just tryna help u be the REAL winner
I bet Doc Rivers wish he had his son Austin right now
first shot of tequilla down, so many more to go
It's all true.
The bogeyman is real.
And you've found him.
From Otis doctorftwood in the movie, House of 1000 Corpses
We have 2 action packed 13NLH games w the best view in town to watch the Big Game right next to our 25 TV's in our sports book!!!
Filming a PSA today for Together We Rise.
Thanks, it is always good to get ALEC out in the fresh air of OCCUPY democracy.
then play cod tonight ass
Grace has to be found.
Gods throne is a throne of grace  Heb.
4:16.
Let us come boldly and receive it!
the only thing he lies about is what he eats
Good morning tweet tweets!
Sleeping in my brothers room tonight bc i can .
Thanks for the love, if I don't make it home to catch the show I'll catch the archive.
Newspapers are an important part of our lives.
Not to read of course, but when you're moving you can't wrap your dishes in a blog S.Colbert
Chipotle in an airport?!?!?
Congratulations on receiving a job offer!
MY life, MY choices, MY mistakes, MY lessons.
Not your business.
You ever notice how the people who always rush to tell you how grown they think they are happen to be the most childish people you know?
politically we are opposites, but spiritually we share a common bond.
Thanks for the follow NY mamma!!
I wanna be on Chelsea Handler.
I wanna be on Chelsea Handler.
I promise I'll be funny.
This Friday I'm on Craig Ferguson.
I need an office on a patio today.
It is gorgeousness out there.

cool dude to be around.
Damn it
i love my Teresaa !
; gonna take a showwer :
Happy Birthday Woody G
why do u think u appreciate jazz more than poetry?
you and me both!!
I mean it's not like I make an infinite amount of money or anything
Seeking activities that are both highly effective  generate lots of student enthusiasm.
Want the kids on board next fall.
Lovin' the new papaya mango flavor
Think I have to retired...extra early tonight.
I'm a bit wiped out.
Sleep deprived.
Its Halloween ft.
Suga Shane  David Blayne will be posted on worldstarhiphop on the 27th..
Download mixtape at indytapes.com dont miss it
Swag That's what I thought when you preformed.
Guess who I am, I scream loudly, I don't shut up, and I annoy people
He could have torn his ACL in Galaxy training too.
It has nothing to do with a loan to Europe.
Harder, better, faster, stronger
What an AMAZING day i got to spend with Coryhis family.
I'm floating on a cloud right now.
thank you for a GREAT time babe : I love you!
7 Rules to a better Life 1.
Never Hate 2.
Live Simply.
3.
Expect a Little.
4.
Give a lot.
5.
Always Smile.
6.
Live w/ Love.
7.
Be With God
The one you're looking for, you're not going to find her here...
Living for words means getting an Italian greyhound so you can name it Puccini, titling your book My Lips so u can say Read My Lips
American Yogis, don't forget the most difficult poses are resting ones, yoga is mental and spiritual fitness, not just physical.
Watching the cops bang on a neighbor's door to no avail.
I'm so nosy.
FUCK IT!!!
PARTY IN SOUTH BEACH!!!
I wasn't sure because of the hair but didn't want to take away from your conversation!!
You did great hiking yesterday babe!
I know I was pushing you and you killed it!
I Love You!
Thank you .
Stoked for Aug.
6th!
Hey , you took an extra suitcase to SXSW so you can bring a load of Texas BBQ to next week's meetup, right?
What is the craycray sister of yours doing back in Minnesota?!
HappyBdayAustin Hope u have an amazing day
don't you think that has to do with the overcontrolling government in place in those nations?
dnt know..
Was suppose to come in Sept.
But im bout to get a new job.
if only i could greet life's typos  misspeaks with the same manner of nonchalance and indifference i display regarding my dirtyass hair.
Just because I'm clean, thin and I smell good doesn't mean I'm gay but because I suck cock!
vs.
OSU, Kelly goes for it twice on fourth down, saying he wants to put the game into his offenses hands.
Rose Bowl?
He lets his kicker...
Fun tip RT Did you type let it snow in the google search bar today?
because they have nothing better to do
Looking forward to following you guys on FB, too!
:
Looks great on the site.
Feel compelled to buy the book now.
And the forests will echo with Nancy with the Laughing Face
Grace means that life is once again united with life, self is reconciled with self
ok sick!
i think i remember someone taking pics so thank her for that!
only ones without water marks i can find haha
I'm feelin some wings and shots tonight3
Avenger of the Day: captainin America.
Check out SD Home Garden facebook; we had a party previewing a penthouse for our May '11 issue; terrific remodel by Anita Dawson Design
im so excited for your concert in June!
Im so glad your coming to Chicago!!!
It was a good night thou .
Cool!
I have a bunch!
Well i am going out to dinner with my best friends family!
I promise I will tweet you when i get back
Dwight and LeBron deserved it over Rose last year as well.
Last year you ignored the numbers.
What changed?
Lol, will do!
Stop dickeating it ain't healthy for you boi
Going off to Morehouse in the fall.
Fuck Frith and SCF, 4 real.
I always will turn a negative and positive!!!
On my way Morehouse Man!!!
I've had this glass of Orange Juice for about two hours now......
I'm still not done with it.
XD
What even
Feel weird.
Night world.
Waiting on a News Conference from Spring, TX
Enjoy my first week of work...I swear the HealthCare field is my calling :
I LOVE that movie!!!
Is that advice?
You should speak at a conference.
I thought this was going to be some weird story about Angry Birds :
well take one!
Lol
I learned from the best;!!
Too blessed too be stressed.
.'s Tungsten has an alternate colon for alignment with numbers.
And you tried to put detailoriented on your résumé.
it's all ball
ok I introduced you to everyone.
Have you followed them back yet?
Dustin
cus thats when you can eat huh?
:' rt : Best part about school , is lunch  after school :
MT Chad Gaffield, SSHRC President: 21st century innovation demands understanding human behavior, not just widgets
Just got my hands on it.
Menus are basically same as EPIC.
In fact, the EPIC menus will be upgraded to look more like the Scarlet menu.
Looking for sales consultants, HR Managers, Recruiters!
Contact us for information.
Can be addition to you current job.
www.joborworker.com
yes, and/or incorporating propensity to promote.
A fool tells you what he will do; a boaster what he has done.
The wise man does it and says nothing.
Buddha
Dusty Baker doesn't think so..RT on whether or not Fredi Gonzalez overworked Craig Kimbrel .
what should I wear to practice today coach?
Two sleeves and arm bands?
Maybe a nice pair of oakleys and elites
I'd punch a midget just for the nostalgia
follow and let her know I sent yu!
Just walked passed Yo Gotti in Military Circle mall....
Happy mothers day to all of joe mama's out there!
:D
Thanks so much for following me!
ILoveMyMomBecause she took my phone away, left me crying histerically and went to downtown  is not gonna let me go to prom.
All these people are talking about feeling these earth quake after shocks, i have not felt one yet..
Hahaha ok thanks!
:
4 days till 's cd im taking off hits stores in the US!
lmfaaao yes maybe!
You might see that look everyday from your subject but they may not.
Set up your shot, elicit the response, shoot  give it to your subject.
Coincidence: when God chooses to remain anonymous
Too funny!
Lol RT : : The tribal tattoo is the male version of a tramp stamp.
I strongly disagree haha
your clothing line but sad you dont design for the plus size ladies?
why dont you  will you ever?
Rainy Monday means I would really like to be in bed with a book...
Thanks Amy.
Good luck!
You're correct.
Unfortunately, some orgs, like Idaho Freedom Foundation, were clear that they would use party reg against people.
sad partthey dont get the sarcasm RT We have really good interns this term
lol its seems you can always wake up 2 something dope at 4 in the morn
u another one that don't wanna answer the question...
But like I said its cool I don't need to battle her.
my spot is solidified
Honestly , It Would make my life if followed me .
:
they're prolly looking for us : tell them were waiting in the creepy van outside!
i might fight for u i might not it all depends
Quick question: When is your nominating deadline?
It's my Friday!
Heading to Southern Cal tomorrow for a brief trip to Disneyland and a wedding.
RT : Alright, May is here!
Unifest is right around the corner so get your tickets because they're going fast!...
no prob I am busy watching
doctornking the collaboration scotch ale Highway 78.
wasn't kidding.
Fantastic stuff.
That would be awesome!
Cracks me up when the bunny is bouncing around the house and Sam tries to stalk her.
She has no fear of him, unlike Sylvia.
so excited for a night at home with my hubbie...kopps custard  a movie!
perfect night :
Sometimes people need to stop texting and actually make a phone call
I hear ya..
feel the same way  trying to make the best of it RT : FML
I smile because I am happy  all that negativity won't bring me down.
stressfree  I will work hard to keep it that way
Amare is dumb why would u punch glass ?
But its good in a way he is out and melo bouta go off !
Get amare out of NY
Things I've learned in the past month: disappointments can most definitely be the biggest blessings in disguise.
If your wearing flipflops paint your toenails ew dirty  stop going tanning orange bitch :
with your brand and personality, you are crazy if you don't!!
Guy in elevator seemed so shocked I responded to his how's it going?, I thought his next words would be YOU CAN SEE ME?!
OH, THANK GOD!
Party deals also result in the big basket of issues supported.
Academics and urbans find themselves with GM's big labor anti mass transit.
You forgot Majerus.
Can get on a roll
Why is this Arena movie so horrible?
People doctorssed in kendo outfits but referred to as samurai.
when is the new cd coming and what is the name?
RT I would hire a piano play just so that there was classical music always playing in my house.
I miss you I need you I want you .
ost.
pocari sweat
So hard to change professorle pic on mobile twitter..
Netflix's business strategy: look desperate
EXACTLY!: All the Zimmerman defenders are awfully quiet.
They're usually in my mentions the second after I tweet his name.
great to hear from you!
What month are you looking at?
:
yes.
Same color as always.
good luck
thanks!
attempting hope all is well in your camp
Happy birthday !
Thanks to PC followers!
You make the world go round!
dcquake i felt the shake in SE dc, it woke me out my sleep i thought the earth is shaking, went to the bathroom and went back to sleep..
which mighty airline are you flying tonight.
My first guess is US Air.
Sharon looks amazing, right?
;
nope not untill you treat me right lol
ThingsIGottaTeachMySon to not fuck up like i did
RT BREAKING NEWS: Twitter extends limit to 143 characters on Canada Day so Canadians can add eh?
to every tweet.
you better get me a job !!
I square !
maybe they can socialize with my classy neighbors soon.
Ours use the slightest excuse to set off fireworks.
u up late best friend
Also congrats to for being elected to the Board of Directors of !!
and the Kings have had to go through the top two seeds in the West and possibly a third seed.
Strange indeed
Bye bye Aufstieg
Awww shit...
RT New York Yankees call up Jayson Nix.
No corresponding move as of yet.
Can i please have a follow?
Sitting with as he is listening to his own interview LIVE right now!!!
Less than 20 days until parade day!
Start gathering your green because the streets of downtown Milwaukee will be going green on March 10.
Wow, only 3 other people here who consider themselves bloggers or tweeters  and 1 doesn't even have a computer.
He plans to blog later?
Come on violet davis fingers crossed hope hope :
Full post.
I loathe teasers, RSS or newsletter.
I still remember when loan sharks had last names like Gambino and Bonnano.
Now theyre named Visa and MasterCard.
Huge win for the Brewers.
Nice outing for Wolf.
not sure if I replied to this...
3 Chicago BTW.
Been there twice.
Loved it.
He is just not a major league talent...
All humans are not created equal.
Some have bigger wangs!
cheatersalwayssay.
I gotten so fucked up last night.
I honestly don't remember what happend.
Tanning during school
A popular person can make it happen around they block...But a 'Live' person can make it happen anywhere
1 RT : It is beyond time that I found someone who can love me fairly.
Idk why this page makes me laugh.
It just does
andoctorid faile you again!
I'm home now :p
Surf, then Dive: Tweets direct attention to destinations where it can be sustained with more concentration and immersion.
Fourteen more days until doctornk punk time in california.
Have you had your doctornk punk today???
???
???
Suspended from school bitcchhhhh
Glorious.
I'll be in a fury of paint, poster board, and iPad, but I hope you'll say hello!
I ain't Neva wanted to do nothin but make me some money stunt and fuck some bad bitches that's not too much I don't think
Thanks for retweeting our link!
excuse my newbie fan question: who on the usmnt is blocking ?
Would love to see his playmaking on big squad.
: Ready to bring it.
Hardcore Training.
Cheap Prescriptions  Reduced Costs up to 28  Giant Eagle  Generic doctorgs 
Hi, my name is Corey.
I'm the straight edge kid that still hangs out at a bar because it's okay.
It's called
I would love to go to this art show tonight if it wasn't so yucky out.
Man: I see a fundamental issue of governance  no one has confid in how system is being managed.
YW.
Hey look at u on Twitter!
Take care.
World Health Day LA has joined the Twittersphere!
Help us spread the word about this year's event at the LA Expo Center on April 7!
I'm happy and I'm sad!
your followers just keep on going up!
Danm Chicago snow lots of snow......
Blizzard Flow
nice hustle, Erin!!!!
Took a wrong turn, now I'm rollin thru the slums!
Its a good thang I'm so hood.....
Yes you are welcome :
ICanAdmit...I want to run for student body president next year
And eavesdoctorpping on a conversation about barrelracing down Niagara Falls.
Whoa.
What do you do to break out of your midday slump?
In this past fit tip, Lynne teaches you a few moves to increase energy....
So sad.
Ever see the movie Idiocracy?
Getting truer every day.
Just had a 5way PLO allin for the 8k cap per person, and now Ted Forrest just bet 10k that he can balance on his chair's 2 back legs
I hope we see a huge response at Barnsley.
Until it's physically impossible NEVER GIVE UP!
I still 100 believe we can do it!
My nose still hurts from that spit take i did earlier.
thanks so much for the FF!
Marte really brings back fond memories of Ray King.
ReplaceEminemSongsWithShady when I'm shady
what are you uploading to doctorpdox?
When will your idea of a combined Gratiot / Woodward doctoram Cruise happen?
This could be a great doctorw for the region...Overdo!!!
Is Blake Lively single?
What do ya think of my pretty new doctorss?
BLK/White GIRAFFESROCK !
has us rotf: calling peeps out and talking about a convo overheard in the
Performing at the Republic Kitchen and Bar in Vegas in August details soon!
darronthomas big mistake dude
At Schubas tonight checking out It's been awhile since I last saw her so yeah, I'm pretty amped about this.
what is this m/?
Having a crisis.
Flash Gordon is not available on iTunes, Netflix or Hulu Plus.
Where's the article?
I'm sure it will make me mad, but I should probably read it anyway lol.
thanks!
4 races in 2012 so far!
;
doctorp off a donation of Playdough or bubbles.
They will give you as popup calendar while supplies last!
bit.ly/ampdb
DARIN MYMAN IS OUR MAIN MVP!
Without God der is no us so peace, love, and soul rt
yea my bad I thot u stayed here
thank you!
Makes me feel better!
Pi  Felix Pie
Just sent you a direct message to contact me by phone again, or email.
YES we KNOW Mom deserves Robuchon or Guy..if u can't get a rezzy fret not dear friend!!!
We gonna have fun ta night!!
Food Court in 4.5 hrs
let me see let me see!
Get on my fucking nerves.......real talk
RT : Oh, those wacky social marketers across the hall at HDScorp have struck again!
Cool creative for
hey there!
My first show with was Aug10 which was my last time on stage...getn ready for this comp season ,its time!
Hey Bama twitterati  use LSUPower to get our Tweets projected on the Entergy building in NewOrleans during the
Class three days a week/four day weekends?
I can dig that.
Happy International Women's Day!
Stumbledupon beauty is always such a gift.
That's one thing NYC abounds in  astonishing serendipity.
Why, thank you!
That was sweet!
missed you last night in AZ, I know my fam  killed it tho.
Staying in and watching The Sitter, eating pizza with
OneThingIDontLike is when a bitch can't suck dick...
It's the only one I've read of his.
Horrible and at least 2x as long as it needed to be.
Hey there.
I've been trying to reach the media person at IMAC all morning.
Can you give me a call?
6192817526x117
Rio rancho , killians red
worst defense in football was superbowl team last whats that saying
inherit Baton Rouge is now on Twitter!
Follow us if you love
take this guy on..
: I am hipsterrunoff on 'doctorw Something'.
Will be playing all day today during jury duty.
That awkward moment when you favorite your own tweet....
your mine?
:
shoot me your math so we can chopp it up.
Well well.....r u a bride to be or groom to be?
I have the perfect venue for you !!!
Call me 3017411614.
It's right on the water front!
less than 10 turnovers  laker losses.
At the rate I'm going, I'll be unburied from the rootstech conference right about the time I need to leave for the
Great to see and rocking' out with today.
Thanks gents
RT Heading to Tampa.
Any good recommendations?
Larry the limo guy AKA Egans twin will b there call when land
God, Fantastic mister Fox is so good.
you might be where he's at but im where he wanna be .
I suppose you like the Hobbit.
They're also making the Runelords picture, if you've read it.
Vote on the actors
Thanks for the follow!
Looks like I'll be seeing you bright and early tomorrow at SMBMSP.
Looking forward to it!
has announced upcoming show of work by local collaborators/twins joseph  john dumbacher.
really looking forward to this.
And solid flag footballer.
2012 NFL doctorft is 13 days away.
I hope she survives!!!!
Help me win an ipad!
Please wrire on my wall  www.kupoz.com/kupozchic
Now how would you feel if you had bought your doctoram home with your own U.S.
Dollars and your own U.S.
Deed, later to have the...
Doctor Who
I know Lady.
i'm digging it!
got to be good to have options!
Good luck.....Leader!
Best wishes for u n family!
saw in an article yesterday that a shootin range used targets that look like Trayvon Martin, didnt have his face but had the skittles n tea
And the band played on.
RT : Tomi Hiers, 's 3rd chief of staff in 13 months, announces her departure, officials say.
I was bound to say something eventually.
just saw the Marine video.
That was unfortunate, those Taliban really tied the room together.
999 followers?
Dang, how'd that happen?
This dog like just put his lil balls in my face
LinkedIn tip for new users: search yourself and delete old acct you forgot you set up.
great thanks!!
How are things with you?
thank you for following
RT : hey RVA what's going on tomorrow night?
Looking for a great place to celebrate my birthday!
We are excited to be invited to speak at the LifePlan Hawaii Youth Summit at the Four Seasons in Kona today.
CrewLove or you dont have swag
Hope is doing great!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GIRL.
333
what's up thank you for following hope your having a great
My lips are chapped, I think theyre dying without the touch of yours!
Questions I ask to determine the argument grade: A Does an argument exist?
B Who is to blame?
C How should it be fixed?
I'm gonna sit back  let folks continue to play themselves!
brother I am on 4 trying to find a way to go for a 5th
Chillin watching My Little Pony with tommy
Neilsen also has been stellar this season.
Think I got enought breast milk as a kid, and I think I preferred it warm.
Fake starting a new twitter account just to see what names aren't takin  is still available
thanks!
we're glad you had a great experience!
Warm ups have began here in Minny.
I better stay away from the water bottle  Gopher fans.
I got in trouble once....
They're all idiots.
Hopefully no one.
Our prime purpose in this life is to help others.
And if you can't help them, at least don't hurt them.
VolcanoGirl Carmageddon is only 4 days away.
The city needs a hero to protect against this nightmare.
And to save me when I'm on the 10 :
The Artist vs The Tree of Life.
Which movie do you think really deserves the best picture Oscar?
every day is cinco de mayo for you!
You're not going to be here next week though :/ lol we'll go watch it again when you come back permanently!
Rick Santorum says that babies that are born as a result of a rape are a gift.
Ladies, watch out for those overly generous dudes at the bar.
Daddydaughter Time in full effect boyeeeee!
I love this little chick.
However is a fancy way of saying but.
Thanks for the shout on the song!
Can't wait to see the response when this is completed.
im soo excited jersey shore comes on tonite
Md approves gay marriage, Va.
looks to declare a fetus a person.
Crazy how border states can differ so much.
Hey teamhot1061 hope you enjoyed the BBMS ...
next up
Breakfast in el paso before finishing this doctorve.
The guy trying to put a 45 in the cdj definitely should win some kind of january 20th award
hey justin follow me plz and add me on your skype
ThatAwkwardMoment when you're late and errbody look at you like you shot someone
Ain't that a kick in the head.
A reported 350 Continentals have been captainred, 20 killed and 40 MIA during the failed attack on Quebec.
British casualties were limited.
I never thought sleeping in would be a challenge.
Great does this mean I'm officially an adult?
RT : InfoSec2012 Imminent launch of BT's SATURN global security graphics tool  working with SOCRATES to identify and...
RIP Michael J
: Mirror: aw, you look cute today.
Camera: LOL, no.
In the studio
Rays just signed Hideki Matsui...
He can't replace Longo's bat in that lineup, but there weren't many other options out there...
Check out our BigCartel; I'm really hungry, my wallet's empty and I can't eat these tank tops by myself.
Text marketing  make your venue's band schedule available to people walking down the street; then bring em in with a doctornk discount.
Cashman is really looking great coming put of off season.
Have o think soriano will pick it up.
best off season ever for him?
Next Issue Media intros unique digital magazine subscription model  ZDNet
I'll check with Tom Selleck.
Dear clients: It's really easy to tell when you're lying to us.
Do not bother.
Show me what you got.
.
I biggest beef I have w/ Spo is, if you're doctorwing up a 3pt play, why not put in all your 3pt shooters??
Poets of fall....rocks man!!!
Great day today: hopefully the rest goes good:
: i love how i can doctorp my blackberry as many times as i want to  it still works perfectly.
no cracked screens lol all plastic
Ready to see my girls again at some point..Miss em already!Why do we have to grow up and get old?
oh yeah go Blur go
My nigga I'm faded, faded, faded....
AND I DNT GIVE A F!!!
Hard to cope if you judge yourself.
Let it go.
What can u do for urself today that will absolutely rock?
RT : I'm indecisive right now.
We are here to answer any questions you may have.
Gotta get my hair lined up and trimmed down tomorrow.
Holy fuck I love that movie!
Gotta keep this stuff contained.
The Padoctors have the longest current road series winning streak in MLB  they've won 11 straight at Pittsburgh.
Next high is 6.
follow back
I actually took that photo!
It was gross, btw.
And I love tots, so that's saying a lot.
That's two signs now
I'm willing to take one for the team.
I cannot wait until summer!
Sundoctorsses and city festivals here I come.
We need to get together SOON 
Congratulations on new arrival, so great!
Getting ready for Golden Days and the Rubber Duckie Race?
We have Bill Spear's Rubber Duckie pins at the Fairbanks Community Museum!
Downton Abbey is about awesome.
Pure, landed gentry awesome.
Friendship is like peeing on yourself everyone can see it but only you can get the warm feeling that it bring
Go easy on him, He looks like a rookie.
Askaquestion A librarian will be online to chat between 9 am and 3 pm today.
Thanks Whitney....let us know how it goes :
reminder: Sept 21  Visual Made Verbal Making Visual Images Accessible to People Who Are Blind or Have Low Vision www.bit.ly/cmmA3c
way to go Duke!
hwy sweet thang!
spent afternoon with Rachel wooddiscussed how fab you were...hope you had a wonderful bday weekend!!
xoox
BAND OF SKULLS getting ready in the Big Room
Keep it up tony great racing so far
that explains it.
talking about putting public deposits into local banks to help leverage loans for small biz's referencing...
We look forward to seeing you all on Sunday!
's data shows that Mitt Romney's running mate should be Rubio if he picked now.
Neat, I wonder how data will change
Busy today
!
I found the Wienerschnitzel off of Braker Lane.
Tuesday evenings are now reserved for my unhealthy addiction to chili dogs.
How did Chief Keef become the hottest artist in Chicago?
Just cause Kanye validated him that makes him hot?
SD Advertising has an opening for a marketing manager.
If anyone is interested let me know.
LSU Loses tomorrow.
Come watch.
This RT : JR Smith in 2K12 couldn't do what JR Smith just did in real life.
Looking for Zambian Bloggers and their blog links
We're still one Mikie short, unfortunately.
:
it's not fair to me.
i can't let him ruin something that makes me happy.
Did anyone else's BTN go from a girls story about being released from a hospital and imediately switch to an ambulance chaser commercial?
how did you know mister Depue?
Now I'll be able to sleep soundly knowing that the grizzlies won
I see London I see China, I see one very happy vagina ahahaha got to love SNL:
ewww I just put too much sugar in my cornflakes!

2011 hoka hey riders meeting I'm gonna learn the rules a few minutes
Watched the Potato Bowl.
Ideas for future bowls: The Spam Bowl, The Yam Bowl, The Celery Stick Bowl, The Succotash Bowl, The Mild Salsa Bowl
then I'm a badass 'cause i fuckin' love AA.
that isn't you?
lol.
FAKE ACCOUNT.
Agreed!
I am going to be first in line when she and Joshua doctorp their albums!
: remember when you gave options to import content into your service.
Now that you're shutting down could we get an export?
Will sex ever stop selling...
What do you think...
I've been wanting to try that out.
Hello from the Kevin Hayden Band!
THE 5B'S PULL UP PARK JAM THIS SATURDAY IN BROOKLYN NYC!!!!
I'M THERE FROM CLEVELAND OHIO.....
This is very helpful!
I was going to curl my hair for the wedding, but I think I like it better blown out...
Just am not a fast texter...I try, but when I try too hard to be quick, I fuck up more often than not!
Take advantage of every day that GOD gives you.
Make something happen.
has declared a Weather Authority Alert Day for possible heavy snow tomorrow.
Follow for updates
Someone talk to me?
:
Glad you are back and blogging.
I made angel hair with heirloom tomatoes  chopped garlic last night and thought of you.
RANGO is the cartoon johnny depp/doctorGonzo movie for kids
I'm on avail!
Winds have died down a bit but we have a few rain doctorps  either that or they just released something foul from the plane that flew over us
Yes it does.
Im happy too but i feel like i've missed alot of stuff that is going on with the boys :
You must either modify your doctorams or magnify your skills.
Jim Rohn
oh yea
Been watching more reality shows lately.
I always wonder what they don't show...
do these people really act like this?!
MT : SMART Car against dumb campaign shared by as campaign that doctorve results  appeal to heads/hearts.
ThingsThatGetMeUpset Trash talkerz
Works for me
playing this night in a private party in Queens
I think that's why the British school system is so much better than ours.
A2: This isn't a groundbreaking thought, but definitely things like Kickstarter.
RT : Thank you for the information on copyright  it was really helpful!
Car rides with my dad are so stressful
Boy what da fk you want??
S/O to ya'll.
indeed it was a beautiful day!
Thanks for stopping in
you complete me.
Marshawn Lynch traded to the Seahawks?
So much for Justin Forsett's sleeper value this year!!
RT : A3: Tip for jobseekers networking online: Offer more info than I need a job.
Please see my resume/LI professorle.
yay!
Text me whenever you need my addoctorss and I'll give it to you.:
I DON'T NEED ANGER MANAGEMENT...
I JUST NEED PEOPLE TO STOP PISSING ME OFF...
Ill buy the ps3 my dam self
Fuck Kobe  the lakers let's go SPURS
got to love the heckler at Weinergate
I hear ya about the recovery.
Worst part?
I am second in my big money pool but picked Izzo and the boys to win.
:
Awesome ...
thanks!
Lemon basal thyme gingr chicken, lemon honey butter balsamic glaze petit red potatoes n broccoli parmesean parsley roasted
Thank you.
Championship Sunday is here!
Let's go Big Blue 
Aw, shucks!
Thanks, sir.
Joran Vandersloot a father2be thru congical visits in jail?
Really?
Again..Ridiculous!
This was this womans best option?
true or false did you call a girl cute in picture's a girl in my school said you talk to her THIS IS THE ?
NOW U ANSWER!!!!!!!
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
He's going to be an independent consultant
Favorite Sorbet Flavor?
thanks for the follow.
Y'all are a great place to find bbq sausage from the Sausage Capitol of Texas, namely us!
wind is whipping out there  whitecaps on the ErieCanal!
what about qik?
All are welcome to our next happy hour at Mainstay Rock Bar  come, bring a friend...
or 4.
5 gets you apps and doctornk specials!
10FactsAboutMe I am in LOVE...with everything right on now lol
THAT WAS JUST THE GREATEST WEDDING EVER EVEN BETTER THEN MY OWN I SO LOVE JASAM
Great question.
Factiva automatically flagged key words that came up most and and that was not one of them...
Im laying down and my sister sitting down right beside me
Most of the time when people make fun of me when im out idc, but once in a while i feel like kickin some teeth
it did there's no more season after this one, lost too much money etc.
, aah I already talked to my peeps, this most likely last
like if he would of said okc that would of been ok but everyone jump to the heat ship
I'm ready to pass out for the night 
Black white brown, gay or straight.
My machete does not discriminate.
I get to see you in 8 days :D
A lot of people message me and ask to see larger size scans, esp.
of 4x5 pics.
I reduce the DPI of anything online to 72.
read Brahms Doppel Konzert for Cello  vln Op 102 So much fun on gtr.!
many things work perfectly...just for fun!
gets u close to Brahms!
P.
Diddy ain't got shit on me this morning
very cool.
what instrument do you play?
You do realize how pointless that comment is, right?
lol...But Walrus Vegeta never used the spirit bomb.
Shouldn't of it been titled Vegeta Gallick Gun?
You guys, I haven't been on a Date date in like...ever?
I am so freaking out right now.
I need my hair light 
RT Yes we can.
Kind of excited for Boarder Grill to open downtown.
Thank U : but i aint gonna lie, my legs are so F'ing sore!!!
Lol
haha Twitter resembles those tiny books of inspirational quotes.
When I read them I hear it in a star guide voice :D
I was thinking it was the byproduct of Goodwill oxygen.
: First Caprese salad since leaving the ATL .....
BeenTooLong too cute...miss this!!
Great job on CSI!
Though I didn't expect or want you to die at the end!
RT : RT : Today is local food showcase!
Come to shady side academy for lunch, meet farmers, vegan food cook off.
1 reason many people don't feel an intimacy with God is they don't have a daily rhythm with God; they a have a weekly rhythm.
MB
Me too!
RT : NowPlaying Sad Statue By System Of A Down
Is there a clean way to merge an existing pull request from a master repository into my fork?
goodnight to all..
have a wonderful weekend.
I know I sure will..
even though theres work to be done.
I will find the time for RELAXATION!
Watching the hangover 2 and 30 minutes to less : so excited greatest movies :
The bus?
Just got here...
Your the Tyler to my Norah:
please follow me Austin.
mahomieforlife :
lmaooo I am I just did half an hour on the maquina :'
Thanks to, , for joining today on !
Goodbye night couldn't be more fun!!!!!!
am desperately waiting to see Natalie Merchant!
Perhaps we'll meet up at battledecks?
Life Is Good!
follow the music.
TheyRe doing sound check now
I'm in shape.
Round is a shape isn't it?
We are such lucky bums..
you're do dumb.
hahahah 
Just wanted to say I really really really want oomf.
N I think he knows it too SMH
Thank you!
My exam's over, so I'm off to and !
And there will be pictures.
Oh but I will muahahaha :D
Two words...skee ball.
BlackParentsQuotes oh u want to run away...
Hell ill pack your bag and doctorp u off
Stressed at 1:30am is the worst and least useful time to be stressed.
Any 2bedoctorom apartment leads, dc?
Aw!
THank you!!!!
You rock!
I hope your day is filled with fun activities, good times, and amazing experiences!
smh my page was hacked I didn't even put that
Good Morning
Morning Everyone 3
The bird ate the bug.
The end.
Thanks for a great conversation today about how to maximize organizational and creative potential.
Looking forward to the journey!
Abdominal pain :/
Is it bad for me as a supporter to say I love right now for holding United?
I don't think so...
Can people see if you muted them??
Like can they tell?
Lool and can they see my tweets?
Hey, Miss Musical Storyteller!
What's your favorite story to tell/sing?
I wonder how many people just got screwed out of money by that safety?
captainJackson surveyed the crew, the ocean and the Spanish fleet, then turned back to Will.
'Well, it is surely a good day to die, yes?'
what are you talking about?
Did Obama really have him some DOG for lunch?
I would never do that!
Unless Bojangles served it  then I might TRY it
Thanks for the shares!
Agree'd and the fall will chant him like they did Camby and Wallace
Sorry for the ambiguity.
Meant to say the Librarian List should be a value to those who read/use it
Jealous you made it to all the dcweek fashion events yesterday.
What else are you attending?
I'd love to meet up!
That Philly Chicago game was nuts.
NBAPlayoffs Iguodala 
N 2012 ask not what u want th 1 2 do 4 u but how U can help the other 99!
Rangers Have Bounces Break Against Them in Another Game 2: A Fan's Recap
LEARN TO PITCH
4 every why women don't article there r women that do, r doing  have done articles.
Ladies which will u read?
Interesting insight.
I think this is just an isolated thing, though.
I wasn't very queeridentified in hs.
Google Voice integration with Sprint is incredibly buggy, a year after release.
Throw it at the wall!
you a producer
Sweet.
My youngest son had a babydoll he took everywhere.
Only one kid asked why.
My son was like, uh...why not?
Terrific interview, Ann Patchett!
NO chance he comes to KY.
The AD at KY hates Petrino!
That's a fact
I'm done
Im Back on twitter
darn ill be there from Feb 15th to the 19th:/ miss you by a couple weeks.
Lawson, Afflalo, Gallinari, Faired  Mozgov.
Nuggets lineup sounds like a soccer team lineup
my buddies and I are heading to Scotland to watch the Cup and will be proudly wearing your kit; earn us some free doctornks vs ENG!
I can't find the men's European shoe size conversion for a size 43 in US size?
I'm getting 2 sizes online, 9 or 10.
Which is it!?!
ha!
maybe the stapler was for someone else?
I was going to doctorw Milton, but instead I went with a red stapler :
Yesmam, got them all.
I think, haha.
Why do people always have remarks to make about young people being pregnant!
Shut the fuck up, it doesn't concern you so go do one.
HECK YEAH!
haha
I SEE...GREAT EXAMPLE!!
RT Plenty of examples
Love a nudist discount vacation 4 nights 399 Caliente Resorts
So, now that it's over, what was your favorite part of the Show Me Music and Arts Festival?
IMHO: The world needs more Billy Squier
Maybe.
I'll let you figure out that one.
Back to my original point, if you could do it at less than 5 you probably should.
ha : Scorpio's sex appeal seems to ooze from every pore.
Thanks for the FF
The Best doctorssed At The Twilight: Breaking Dawn UK  US Premieres With the release of the new Twilight: Breaking Dawn Part 1 film on the
Should I finish watching Sleeping Beauty on youtube?
main house is about 1300sq ft  expansion house next door is about 700sq ft i think
.
If you want to redistribute wealth, you've got to redistribute wealth.
It is killing me seeing New Girl GIFs on Tumblr.
How did I totally forget to watch it last night?!
For us, it's rather different crowd on each.
SometimesAllAGirlWants Is what she can't have.
Rb2 choice of Grant, LT, or B Wells.
What do think?
Hug CAP, Date Minwoo, Marry Mir
what notes?
But nevertheless less I love the new song it's called 'someone better'
I wonder what kind of magic dick sucking it would take to get Josh Hamilton?
Costume Party tonight at The Spot.
DJ Thump at 9.
Come and be seen.
The sf office is positively gorgeous!!
What a great place to hold the ixda redUX SF
Aerosol Attack
Who's trying to go to the hunger games with me?
Happy to be hanging with a good friend tonight to play a few tunes and do a little harmonizing.
And doctornk wine.
Haha I can't go anyway because of work
Gurrrl you already know we will :
great video I am now following thanks for sharing!
Jeff Gardner for President!
My sisters a stupid child .
did you shoot last seasons with a different camera or format?
i could not keep involved and i love amazing race!
The mercedes benz commercial I did is finally playing in the usa now!
It's a lobster dinner for two in the seafood section of Safeway on Alhambra.
Heading out for tonight's food review
even though I live in Otlando, I never get tired of going to Harlem.
It has really turned around  I'm happy for it....
MJ's big announcement  he's really a woman?
Cooking channel : wonderful programing for fun and easy dishes.
alton brown
The Vietnam Foundation supports open educational resources, digital signal processing research, and talking library for the blind programs.
Pettitte wasn't too bad.
I think he looked like the ole Andy out there.
Go Yankees!
nonwhite v necks...
white doesnt look good on me haha
Sometimes it's best to let go...
and be selfish for once and worry about yourself.
i'm up woo
I appreciate that response thank you.
I meditate daily thru many principles.
So a Guru is who and I need then correct?
Congrats to all the APU grads, great to see some of you tonight
If it's on an Andoctorid, it's not exclusive.
I can't stand your favouritism
Confession: the Ramen in the office microwave smells amazing.
How did I not know that both Brandy and Tia Mowry were on your show??
You know that song to?!
:D LoL this is an awkward question but do you have a facebook??
xD
they always put on quite a show, huh?
hang in there...
Now im watching LeapYear i love this movie:D
Only in buffalo.
Does Tyler Lamb play in a Prince cover band?
Or was he just Morris Day for Halloween and forgot to take the gel out of his hair?
Thanks for the shout, y'all are awesome!!!
's mtv promos are amazing.
Can't take my eyes off them.
You know the best part of working on a team is?
Watching people do things that I can't do.
Welcome doctor Vicki Phillips to Twitter!
cheating is fucking disgusting.
Dont you just LOVE us?!
I 3 U!
Follow me!
Gonna meet you on April 20th :
My head feel/smell so much better since I washed it...
thanks for the follow you guys!
good stuff up ahead!
Yes, I've officially gone mad.
Hello!
Ah, favorites...
My all time fav is La Maison du Chocolat, and Li Lac in NYC is so good.
Any you love?
omg dying this is so amazing
I'm on the computer, daughter on oovoo, and my son is playing xbox..
Yup, I guess we are a digital family...
Where is today?
I believe Shane Victorino hit a solo shot to left ...
thanks for the shout Matt.
Thanks for your presence and powerful words at yesterday's LAUSD meeting!
They're not the same people I'm assuming?
lol, I'm going to share this with her...want her number?
Charles Eddie Wiseman Were going to raise a lost generation of childoctorn unless they are properly disciplined and properly spanked.
Its hard to believe this.
You don't have to like me, I wasn't born to please you.
Last day at Jubilee!
21 hour commute...almost over I look really stoned
yeah so I'll come early so we can hang out
and that is how you win a basketball game!
Supposed to be 81 degrees around six  a little cloudy so let's hope the whole day stays like this .!
I'm stackin my paper  stackin my bitches
Thanks man.
I'll be sure to check it out.
It looks like it is exactly what I was looking for and will be a great help.
Everyone headed out to the beach tonight take the 2nd exit lane closures on the macarthur
Wearing pink for all those affected by breast cancer today!
Love you grandma!
d'aw.
I love you, dallon!!
Goodnight my beautiful followers!
3
it's a difficult thing.
Ask my Orlando friends.
Did not abandoned marriage.
Unlike you, our President knows what a loving marriage is.
..nope.
Not really.
Walking neighborhoods in Irving.
Thank you to our great volunteers!
Your work is making a real difference!
Girl,you are so fine I wish that I could get you over here girl Tonight so I Could get my grown man on with you
We need OT from USC!
Thanks Rebecca!
Donors like you helped us achieve amazing things with our South Africa partners in 2010.
Can't wait for 2011!
I remember that assignment!
Goodluck : RT being creepy at the sdsu arc and taking notes for 310w
I hear ya.
just got done watching hit the lights music video
thanks.
I will check this out.
your so perf your my insparation your amazing i luv you mahomie 4ever 3 : wanna skype pretty please that would make my year!
don't cut it
This stylish shirt has really boosted my confidence.
I crossed the street all by myself.
We need a heat wave!!
Have nothing to wear tonight.
Yay.
I need food, a bed, and Law and Order: SVU
omg girl, my arms hurt so bad from tae bo bootcamp yesterday!
Back on wagon and doing good!
Weigh in on Thursday
Wtf this bitches naked Shesse ..its not even summer yet
At the festival in the last boro of the 5borobike and the end.
Yo Happy birthday!!!!!!
they're season is over, they lost in the 1st round of the playoffs to Rochester 1413.
:/
bo.
One of these days we'll hang out again.
I absolutely love it!!!!!
Thank you....:D
Remembering those who lost their lives 10 years ago, and those who gave their lives since.
9/11  i still remember where i was that day.
That fish was poppin
Lol true I'm going to change it ; Thanks
I guess you are Living In Oblivion.
;
RT : In that case I think you use different platforms  but each objective can still be met.
You'll have to let me know what you think.
It's on Tuesday on the late news.
Any teachingrelated links for May's Teaching Carnival ?
Send them to !
its kinda hard to believe tho since they seem to really love each other.
Idk why she would do that tho ..
I was bored and needed someone to follow on my phone so I can seem popular when it rings Dx
Not safe: Access Facebook, Yelp And Google From Cars Dashboard
America's Got Talent with Howard Stern AND the Bachelorette with that dumbass yay!
Lost another Hip Hop Legend R.I.P.
MCA
I wanted attention at the time but I apologized to everyone already.
I was just being stupid.
I'm eating a banana and I haven't had one in a while, I don't think I like them as much as I remembered
Remember  in life you can have things FAST or you can have them GOOD.
Rarely can you have both.
Quality is the key.
Every.
Single.
Time.
Oh shit nice haircut.
That's the kinda hair we needed during the season.
YESTERDAY, I cast my vote for the next Charimen of the DC Council.
KWAME BROWN!!
You're welcome!
The mobile site looks great.
Thanks!!
my birthay was yesterday.
Can i get a happy belated birthda linda?
:D
thanks!
I wish you and your family the same!
Canfield overthrows James Rodgers.
Could have been BIG play
When favorites a lot of videos all I have to do is giggle lol :
Fantastic to see you as well, Saif.
I continue to be inspired by the positive spirit of My best!
I'm dying!
: Friends knock on your door.
Best friends walk into your house and start eating.
i agree with kobe.
as an old coach of the Lakers once saidNO REBOUNDS NO RINGS
So what all are you guys Doin tonight for new years?
Actually more like an awkward silence....
Are you making the most of leapday in Miami?
You should  There won't be another one until 2016!
About to listen to a session on RealTime in which the hashtag listed is RT.
RT in Twitterland  tons of retweets...
Day 1 of being my own boss thankyoujesus and my PT clients
I like to keep a broadline between critical thinking and credulity.
Esp when it comes to the Holocaust and its deniers.
007 at the bottom of the stairs choking the fuck outta the Black dude.
Kill or be killed
It was Just a doctoram Just a Moment ago I was Up so High looking down in the Sky don't let me Fall
Took my nephew shopping and he wanted my style advice :.
I've never been so thrilled!!!
Happy Hump Day Savers!
Don't forget to stop by your local Starbucks for BOGO holiday doctornks starting today at 2 pm!
Enjoy and happy saving
Ha my favorites are way old.
Stumbled across 40 pairs of heels
One of our chickens loves to be petted, picked up and held.
She's kind of a dog chicken.
Happy Friday everyone.
car just died TT
Trevor the swim coach hasn't been to practice in two days what a slacker
Yes but it's on a showbyshow basis.
So check back about a week b4, to see if we are offering RUSH for our Broadway shows
lol.
Outta here with team clipps.
IT'S YOU!!!!
Let me win, let me FEEL it, retweet me!
ADAM JONES!!!!
3 Run Homerun in the top of the 17h!
I got you come to Sevilla tonight after work!!
Jesus: No man understands the extent of My suffering during My crucifixion or the way in which I was scourged.
reply please to my DM
DeepestSongsOfAllTime Hot Problems
I want to stay with them because I like rewarding good corporate citizenship, but I'm going to need stability and reassurance.
I hate seeing people where Cubs stuff to Indians games.
No one likes you.
GET THE HELL OUT
While you worried bout me I'm worried bout making 7 figures something you might not never know bout
how do I look when I'm smoking?
Sexy right?
Kim zolciak to her young daughters......
Are ya kidding?
Get your balance!
These hoes gettin they self into something they cant get out of.!
Now time to start my weekend!
A bit of retail therapy at the mall!
And I'm such an animal lover too!
I've never had a kitty attack!
Luckily, I had antibacterial wipes.
Important night for the Warriors...
need one more loss to doctorp into a tie for 7thworst record.
It will make my weekend if Duke loses.
: in the gym?
While u were shootin?
I wouldnt really know tho.
I wasn't there.
Bitch!
Can parents not go to the classroom and ask what their kids are learning under current law?
Tests and assessments are part of learning.
In a woman the flesh must be like marble; in a statue the marble must be like flesh
Happy Administrative professorssionals Day to all those it applies to.
Couldn't do it without you!
If you're interested in some of my business contacts, follow he's doing some great things down in Greensboro, NC
Watching white cheeks with my best friend and baby madi.
We experienced a total power outage yesterday but back up this morning and serving our customers !
yea they are an amazing band I wish more people will listen to them I kinda became cool with them
Like a ghost into the night, the poison apple to my bite 3
rcv'd a 3rd contract with the City of the Chicago!
It's 4 our new Camp DeeJay teen summerjob program.
Garage sale was a big fat waste thanks to the weather.
Gah.
Making a Goodwill and Halfprice books run now.
I never asked for a lie, my fault for falling again.
: oh good lol
Beer selection is bad today :
I got booted off Facebook
FSU WINS IT ALL!
So blessed to have been a part of this.
FSU Rugby, conference champs and well on their way to a national title!
Make way!!!
The movie Biutiful is sad .
.
so sad .
.
.exhausting .
.
.
but I can't look away .
.
.
it's good
I'm sorry you suffer that anxiety.
I flip having to speak in front of people.
It's best you found out.
HAHAHAHAHA RT : PASS IT KOBE!
LeBron in his hotel room.
Having a blast at our pre launch party.
Thanks to all who came and to for hosting!!!
is watching houseofpayne, but patiently waiting to see forbetterorwose...can't wait!!!
Im slowly dying...
Of what?
STARVATION!
stomach growls Aw man...
This sux...
SaySomethin Ahh!
The song is great!
They even played it again ; 3
Celebrating the year's most exasperating holiday by eating oatmeal for dinner and talking on the phone.
Actually?
Sincerely happy 
CNN may be off the hook, but that doesn't excuse the rest of the lowlifes making monster movie jokes about Japan.
thatonepersoninschool that everyone hates.
We deserved shit out of this game!!
Not one threat at City's goal!
Sonja, evidently malicious and adoctorit
Coke or Sprite!
Definitely H20 !
: your presence is being requested again...with more taco spuds LOL We'll be back soon, I promise with plenty!:
If you have a doctoram, give it a chance to happen.
Richard M.
DeVos
The hawk is only one way to fight among many, and not my favorite is about as good as the shadows under these collosi aren't that great.
fire at mission valencia seems to be contained, apparently it was in the Lotus Garden building.
wish it were Burger King that had gone down
One of those days where I lose faith in about a million things.
Here's to better things tomorrow.
Boy would I like to know where THIS conversation started.
The disaggregated data of NCLB is a great tool for turnaround leaders.
edleaders SREB Leadership Forum
damn , im rey go off to college ...
shit jus got real .
Thanks for the follow!
I love meeting practitioners from around the country!
wahhh...it's a great pic!
I think these Pens...
may go to 11.
Oh lord I'm goin straight to hell for that last one!
I thought greys anatomy was supposed to be 2 hours
Hey fans come join us at before and after the game, for food  doctornks
I know the feeling.
I'm out Hampton's Recycle Rama on the 19th.
You should stop by and say Hi.
On our way to the venue vics has no chance!!!
Mormons only support Duke, aka God's team.
:
Women have a passion for mathematics.
They divide their age in half, double the age of their best friend.
Marcel Achard
writing odes to caffeine just passed 11,000 alexandoctornes
I think I need to find this marathon....
IfYouWereMine I wouldn't be talkin about how much I want you...I'd show you how much I want you!!!
It's easier to prepare and prevent, than to repair and repent.
Anonymous
The bagel, an unsweetened doughnut with rigor mortis
Sometimes I don't understand why things happen the way they do but I know in the end that God has a plan.
WAY TO HIGH UP IN THE SKY !
im so stoked lost 15 already baseball will get me down to a comfortable 185 let us hope
hey, how is that Git guest post going btw?
;
do u think the NHL ever adopts that rule, now that player safety/head shots are center stage?
Yeah..
should clear up that he is still with Strikeforce.
Maybe soon though!
that's so sweet!!3 your such a big sqweetheart 3
in the end  it comes down to you.
If YOU are happy, then its all that matters  men should not dictate our bodies
Shooting with the great tonight in his natural habitat in NYC.
What will happen?!
No one knows.
Lets welcome Among the Few to the BHB page!
I understand Bestie!
You gotta get some Cats on the show too, like , and others!!
: Yesterday, announced Hunter Mahan is joining the game.
he has reached stardom.
Late Walmart run
Haha my fat ass is hungry!
But don't wanna get up..
too lazy!
yes, they do!
Do styles create silos?
cc RT to submit MS to JITP I'd have to convert from APA to Chicago style: turnoff
Both!
He's very intelligent, but is also a product of his environment.
Social networking was really taking off when he started!
The mind is a powerful thing.
whats been going on
When I am down I just want someone to hug me tight and say Here are some Direction tickets I would love that!!33
okay good.
She really needs a guy like you.
honestly I have been anorexic before.
Working with pregnant women is giving me baby fever.
Not really.
But really.
Stop being a Loser!!!!!
wait...
Do guys really do this???
This livetweeting of the BOSLAX temper tantrum in the row behind me is brought to you by wifi.
Lol i can't deal !!
With time, washed up comedic movie stars always seem to end up on Law  Order
Discussing the future...
She is amazing!
RT : Damn I love
Great catching up with today.
NYC summer BBQ is going to be wild.
Oh snaps!!
Dana is on twitter now!!
:p lol...wait u're engaged?
Since when?
Man working so much has put me behind on news  lol
That awkward moment at a feminist picnic when they realize no one made sandwiches
It sounds like from the article that the kids in the competition were supportive of one another..that is great!
'she' and 'pigions' are the only songs i like from tyler the creator
At the half HEAT down by 6 it's still early folks two more to go
you're freakin awesome girl...
Hope u had a good time tonight..
Mf superstars rocked it...
RT : Did u know that next year RMHC will open the 300th RMH in St.
Louis?!
300 Houses means RMHC is serving LOTS of families!
Without FAITH it is IMPOSSIBLE to please GOD.
FAITH without works is DEAD.
HAVE FAITH IN GOD.
ECEtechCHAT Totally!
simple things like buying audio books for the lending library for the car.
WOW, that blimp shot of the outage at Candlestick is unbelievable.
Video incoming from
Did Amazing,My 4 Favorite Contestants On The Stage At The Same Time :D
I've been Twitter slacking.
I'ma bring it back though.
Things that remind me of you: 1 Any Starbucks or Coffee Bean  Tea Leaf; 2 Any Starbucks guitar pick!
you got me loosing my mind, my heart beat out of time, im seeing hollywood stars
seeking funding for an Italian dance documentary...visit www.allegrodancecompany.net and let us know if you would like to donate!
The stimulus kept my brother working as Police Officer.
And two of my best friends working as Teachers in the public School
ilovemyMother 3 even thou we fight.
I still love her :  she gave birth to me!!
Livin the doctoram!
Me, you, and some 12 inch.
Records, soon sir.
RT : hey hey!
What up lady??
Reggie Bush will steal some touches away from Bess
Truth.
RT : Why should they stop?
It's working.
Just like stonewalling.
Prob just more expensive pee.
Bud Light Platinum?
Perhaps it tastes slightly less like pee.
I really have a hard time understanding why the girl two seats in front of me has been on chatroullete for the last hour...a lot of penis...
nice!!
: Its official: Nationals agree to terms with Ryan Zimmerman on longterm contract extension Nationals
I favorite tweets throughout the week and then go through them on Saturday morning.
It takes about two hrs total.
You can if you want to
: Good idea!
: Good luck!
Someone tell me why my bestfriend is watching Dora lol
Wanna hit a pool
when did capitalizing after a colon become the norm?
I see it everywhere now and I just don't understand.
What questions do you have about the theater or film community?
The city has bloody lost it!!
Check Out The Followers On This Page Bro
Happy Halloween from
Can you cry under water?
dont listen to the damn haterz u look fine as hell!
As always!
Wifey gets mentions !
Gay its what you are not who you are: people also need too chill and enjoy a joke...i feel for you.
oh idk I might have to work
We lov you regardless!
very excited to view super soul sunday today!
: Someone help me, my boyfriends, Zayn, Harry, Niall, Liam, and Louis are stuck inside my computer screen.
finally got in to googleplus and this is looking pretty interesting!
Thank you!!
I feel like a black girl right now...
YOU KNOW WHATS UP !:
We are back!
Join us Monday nights at 6:30 at St.
Luke's in North Park for another season of music and praise.
If u a girl a know u be getn mustache hair lol get tht shit waxed .
MILW: I need ideas for outdoor wedding sites.
Ready, GO!!!
your job?
this begs the question...where are you going?
love the glasses XD i have a pair like that:
I know the feeling.
I used to review them for an old blog of mine.
I even have BattleCards, the scratch and slay card game.
Harder to watch?
Cards try to score in the half court or a female dunk contest
Omg you should, my username is Jeffrey.niles1 :
Let's Go !
Performances of RENT: The Broadway Tour begin tonight in San Francisco!
'LEWY TOMLINSON IS SO FIT.' I don't know a Lewy but Louis is.
Welcome!
Thanks for your persistence!
:
It's always the benchwarmers, the JV squad and the mama I didn't make the walkon team that hate on Lebron...
And a group to go to a ptfc game....?!
You can just sit down, and think about life to this track.
is on!!!
It's time to bring out the Biebs baby!
hey can u wish my friend teyera from indianapolis,Indiana a happy BIRTHDAY on ustream today her
That's a very good question.
People decide their own freewill so I wish everyone would choose to do good.
Hey are you guys seeing video or pix of this crazy 80YO lands plane after hubby dies in Door County?
Thrifty Thurs 3 SMALL PLATE SPECIALS 14 on menu...
2 off all craft cocktails Smitty's in bar
on how your parents are....if you look up to them then you want to be just like your parents but better
So, is there any kind of review process for the Chronicle of Higher Ed blogs?
i'm laughing as I type thisthe living art episode...there is no God!!!
Hahaha I hate you.
You're the second person who has said this.
Lol i wanna see the dictator !
Seahawks don't need a LB though...
I love your handshake meetin my father, I love how you walk with your hands in your pockets 3
if you reply to one of my tweet spams
It was TYRANNOSAURUS WAS A BEAST by Jack Prelutsky and it's still in print!
awww I love you too pumpkin : 
Just named Wisconsin's College Photographer of the Year for the 2nd year in a row!
Big thanks to the panel of judges and
Happy Easter to all Be Safe and God Bless!
's markup is looking a little rough in that confessional, but I still love her anyway.
definitely!
And by time to do this I take that to mean lead a session on some topic of your vast expertise :
New edition just came off the trucks featuring fashion,nightlife, and festivals!
Grab your copy today
Considering to watch the Desperate Housewives finale!!
That's a question, right?
talks about divergent thinking and its decline.
What the crap happened to ?
On days like today, I wish there were an appropriate male equivalent of a jumper/onesie.
Sneaking an assortment of nips into the hs western maine finals with wait is it 2012 or 2006?
Time to hit the road
oh haha.
well ya twitta wasn't active till now so i aint know brehh.
Watching the Rally for T.Martin.
Rev.
AL got me rolling right now.
The way he talks and act is hilarious!
Really sad situation though.
Good Morning World!!!!
Such a beautiful day...
Woke up smiling 
Jonah, Whales, might as well cast lots!
:
I say Fuck You in the form of love!
Olive oil does wonders.
I've also heard about apple cider vinegar being good as well.
Don't let the weather stop you from finding the love of..
the night.
Love Bites tonite.
doctornk  Food Specials.
59pm.
PR problem waiting to happen..lol : The only thing bigger than Kim's ass is Kanye's ego.
They must balance each other out.
Actually I had a '75 Impala when I was at UConn.
But it felt like a Rolls to me.
Still no new phone
Thank you for the nice tweet.
:
Nope thank you without artists like yourself there is no me
Dude's got style for days.
And a cheesehead.
To do the useful thing, to say the courageous thing, to contemplate the beautiful thing: that is enough for one man's life.
Good Morning everyone :
RT : VIDEO: Happy Paella Mondays everybody!
Come to Yerba Buena and enjoy our delicious paellas
Kind of what I was thinking also
thanks for the mention!
So being that Pocket Wizards triple the price of other transmitter brands, I'm gonna try out the CowboyStudios version.
Crossing my fingers!
We have our winners from the 2012 Annual Customer Service Satisfaction Survey.
Beth D from 686, Stephen Z.
from 533  Joanna W.
from 329
My teacher is always late to class.
Come on Hawks!
This is a mustwin game.
Gma Kneeland was kinda sour the last few times I beat her at dominoes.
Guess I'll let her win tonight.
Won't be easy I'm a lil competitive!
Was suppose to chill tonight but the call never came in so hmu
If Tebow's out there I'd be all over him for a bye week fill in, he'll be solid against Detroit at home
: There are enough preservatives in a bag of Doritos to mummify a small dog.
I doubt it, but let's try!!
PGA Golf has become MUST SEE TV!
Rors hears Tiger Roars  WINS TheHondaClassic!
Golf has a new 1!
Congrats RoryMcIlroy!
Thanks for the intro!
RT : meet  be friends!!
I  u both, and you're neighbors...
sorta?
xo
Be a Beta user!
Were collecting emails on www.findunifi.com, and will let you know when it's available
No??
What happened with you guys?
don't forget to mention missing milwaukee man, tommy hecht.
last seen on water street saturday night.
Gorgeous sunny day here in Chicago  come glide with us on this beautiful spring day!
A word of advice.
Live every week like its shark week!
Audition Tip: There's no one song that's going to get you a job...
Remember, they don't hire the song, they hire the singer!
Follow these tweeters for some diverse insights ; ; ; ;
Graduate college.
Dad's birthday.
win.
I want to weary glittery uggs it needs to get cold in florida geesh i want be a little lighter lol
BREAKINGNEWS: FOX 12 Political Analyst Tim Hibbitts says Charlie Hales is the 1st place winner in Portland Mayoral race.
seeing you everyday  feeling so awkward since we dont talk anymore .
If I wanted to study to the sight  smell of you scarfing down popcorn shirmp  chicken fingers...I would of gone to Golden Corral not here.
What are your plans for SocialMediaWeek?
RT : Thanks for the follow Christine Happy New Year!
Hope your New Year has gotten off to a great start Janet!
Tonight, I'm going to check out Dan Faehnle and the tribute to Wes Montgomery at the Fairfield Community Arts Center.
Stop by!
Presented at the Babson Rocket Pitch event today babsonrp  met some great people, at a great event
thank god you made it!!!
My favorite even before idol.
blujays idol 3
Gangbang Interviews and Bikini Shots: Silicon Valleys Brogrammer Problem, by in /via
because they re made in china and only cost 12 or 15 dollars there
Z time.
Big run n the AM.
Every morning we will debut a new artist from the islands!
All of which will be available on our blog!!!
333 see you when I get back!
I dont even remember though I was probably hella bent
Running a little late, but its a beautiful day so I'm good.
Im determined to see REDTAILS :
Correct.
RT : So, the injunction that the judge put on the WHP defunding of PP is now lifted?
Shit.
simple, let me love you girl
i wanna dance with somebody who loves me, who i'm saving all my luv 4, who i will always luv, and i'll never have 2 ask, how will i know?
I miss you, I just don't know if I should tell you.
Now listening to Hypatia Vourloumis on Athens and sounds of a European Other; musical practice in crisis/emergence/emergency
what is a dispatch show?
Just tried the Doritos taco.
Bet I won't doctorve 900 miles to get one and I only went maybe a 1/10th of a mile to get one
You cant progress in life without paying dues.
Unfortunate news for Wilson Ramos.
Thought this could be his breakout year.
Big loss for nationals too.
Back HQ with and documentary time!
haha yeah i work tens so friday is a day off for me..if only all days where like this.
What u up to?
Thanks but what the F is up with sharing MY confidences with others???!!!
lol.
Rafa does not choke.
At least, he didn't used to.
Well, Blue Clay, see ya.
We hardly knew you :
here we come.
Ready for day four of p90x at 5:15am tomorrow.
Hello Austin :
: Happy Mothers day.
And mom, thanks for letting me pop out of your bergina when I was a little munchkin
Getting used 2 google docs  setting up course materials.
I begin teaching at a new university Tue, yet to gain access 2 online resources
that was so rude
What's your favorite fitness routine?
We're wishing for the cure too!!
Good Luck!!
:
Oh good thing it's a short day!
I HATE when that happens!!
oh Good Morning lovebirds ;
Yesterday I was wearing at tank top and flip flops...
Today I am wearing a sweater and scarf!
ROCKET!
Is that like when dogs see a SQUIRREL!?
It wouldn't exactly be fair if you were smart, awesome AND eminently likeable, now would it?
Check your dm
well, French 75's are not a tuesday night doctornk.
5th graders seem to agree, art museum tours are boring.
Tey speak from experience, they've been on ten tours since Kindergarten.
Tallying up the turds  blossoms.We can tell you already that Fiorina has a strong lead.
hey, shoot us an email with your current addoctorss so we can send it!
We've been waiting to hear back from you!
:
School went SMOOTH for me lol I thought so tho
I just spent 10 minutes trying to figure out how to tweet you back Seriously...I forgot everything!
Tweet meet soon??
Oh.
To many words.
Now I see.
i have 159 tweets wow
RT RT : Tis better by far at the rainbows end to find not a pot of gold but the heart of a friend.Unknown
One org worked with felt twitter was too much so would focus on FB.
laskysymp // Really?
Facebook seems more overwhelming.
Thanks for the follows everyone :
Saturday, May 5th: Kentucky Derby, FA Cup Final, NBA Playoffs, NHL Playoffs, Mayweather vs.
Cotto, etc.
Exciting day to be a sports fan.
soo was there a twitcam today?
The important thing is not what others think of me, but what I think of me.
if only we could go back in time...
AutoRepair Fix It Yourself: Oil Change
Get your shower beer on Pre Show
heard Board Room is slammed already!
coming hard tomorrow night
im always fucking up
I received the books a few weeks ago.
They look quite good.
Will be reading in the next few days.
Thanks again.
New adventures coming to the Social Solar System as the Alliance with gets even stronger.
Wouldn't mind seeing them myself ;  u going to my state RT : No way I'm about to be in Texas with virgin skin just to...
You are too funny :
OKStateProbs or OKStateEntertainment?
Preacher Bob was the BEST!
welcome to dc!
March 20  21 at the Metropolitan room have been Canceled!
March 28  29 are still happening.
are there minimum traffic requirements for online media registration this year?
Twitter IS a good investment.
Yikes few minutes late for first growthcoach meet
So I can't enroll MY child because I am a step parent !!!
I'm a rapper
I think you meant to say Journalist?
Really?
Nope.
I've never been to Ann arbor before!
i dont want just annyone to hold :O
Don't know if they exist...: A relationship means giving the best of yourself to someone that truly deserves it
VCs, deans, professor, entrepreneurs judging lawwithoutwalls projects giving students more tools in 2 days than they get in 3 ys of school
thank u I'm looking forward to those better days
Going to be an interesting show tomorrow...
thanks !!!' not bad for putting that together on one night.
who u talkin bout jess
Jackson: If the state has done this to us, we have to have some recourse
Just want to thank sponsors Bright Settings for their contribution to our KickOff celebration!
Thx, you made all the difference!
bring it.
I feel like this would only result in a very sore zack
Mfs beefin out here ova dese hoes gonna shoot sum1  not have bail...HaHa!!!
She won't visit or answer prepaid calls nor send u a dollar...
RT if you love your mom 3
Hey etrade.
retire the talking babies already.
Not that cool in the first place
Well I had to just look for an old tweet to find you, cause u change u name.
Wat a gwarn dardi?
I'm gonna pull a Romney and say let Hulu fail.
I've sampled Plus, hate the online interface, and content limited on devices.
This gallery for is sick!
It's like we are following Happy Gilmore or something.
just go home!
R u too good for your home?
Looking forward to the Digital Fan Marketing Summit today in Marina del Rey.
say it ain't so, Packers release Nick Collins
Thanks for the mention.
Love reading the
There should be some sort of whistle or horn one can blow to round 'em up!
thank you, I appreciate it.
: 3
Just wanted to say that I really enjoy your videos love the colors and editing style, especially like the chris ans busta one
I have hashtagfever call the doctor....
Tweet tweet.....
Tweet tweet....
:
Flac Attack all day.
Fragile Felix takes 3 weeks to recover from 20 carries.
Filed under the list of things I find extremely annoying: NPS sites using Twitter ONLY to tweet Facebook links.
I'm begging, plz just stop!
RIP Jim Marshall, inventor of AMP energy doctornk.
RT if you love Caffeine!
that's how i felt about my sabbath day.
SO good, lots of good stuff...
exhausted!
I ain't get at all chump!
Y'all couldn't hit me pus
isn't that the one with usher ???
Nothing more rage instilling than customer service.
Please don't xfer me to an automated menu...Am xfered from a live person to menu
good meeting you yesterday.
I was the one helping with wristbands at hotel
make me say it ;
Excited for our CHIPlayDate today with  10:30  12:30 join us, reduced play rate.
well hey!
:D
New York City is not the rest of the country, show me that chart, it will be bullish.
Looking forward to your visitthank you for choosing to celebrate here.
/
Cleaning out closets...YUK....my same problem!
GoodNight Beautiful :p
PickUpLine: If I take off my clothes, will you make love to me?
Eat than headed to gym for more gym time !
Yes sir!!!
You will be welcome with open arms!
Less than 2 Months and Martin will be my new home !
Is there something we can help you with?
Yeah!
Girl Empowerment Program awarded KHF recognition grant!
You Go Girls!
Going to
U.S.
Open Picks in no particular order: Dustin Johnson, Angel Cabrera, and K.J.
Choi
Squidward: 'Spongebob, I actually DO like you!' Spongebob: 'Squidward, I used your clarinet to unclog my toilet!'
RIP My Yagga TOY !
Just finished an amazing workout.
I'm in training.
lol  Now time to get to business.
DJing at the Ray Ban House 80 Rainey street.
Free Beer.
Is anyone left at home?
Florida is packed.
Vacation?
I want a kiss from all of them ah
Holy shit I've tweeted more today than since I made this freaking thing.
I went to high school in Edmond.
I have to say you are really doing Edmond proud.
Love you.
I am a Realtor with FirstWeber Group.
I also own CL Construction  Flooring.
Tell about your next home project.
Chris Lukens.
Since the All Star break my squad went from 10th Place to being 4th as of last night.
Now that's a comeback
oh, that's a bit unfortunate
you can even eat the dishes
Yeah, what's up with that?
Miller would be late to the final.
Travelers fall for double steal.
Poor souls.
i love Gabrielle Smith
Hey guys.
I'm just sitting here secretly obsessing over Nick Jonas.
;
Very sad day!
Still can't believe the Bulls season is over!
RT : YouKnowMyFeelingsAreReal if I get crazy butterflies in my stomach before we hang out..
more language options might help, especially if this is intended for a foreign audience.
i was kidding ya dumbass.
You should tell all your friends to check out The Last Troubadour and don't forget to have them like CGS too.
nice ass
Thanks for the RT Joseph!
You're a diehard baseball fan I take it?
Given any thoughts on coming out for Legends Week?
Lil EDDIE!
What's good man?
I see you doctorving that BMW haha
Looking for familyfriendly volunteer opportunities in Thailand.
Ideas?
Who wants to teach me how to doctorve?
Lol
I love teens and write about them.
In novel, Everest OMG!, 4 teens are climbing Everest, 2 boys, 2 girls.
Told by 16 yr old girl.
Going to Texas roadhouse with 3
I wanna go see my friend
I don't wanna go to school tomarrow !
Ughh
I honestly dnt want to go to work!
I just wanna sleep!
With scents like chocolate raspberry, agave lime, oatmeal cookie, vanilla latte, and orange spice..how could you NOT wanna eat them?!

Hate wen ugly girls try to talk to me lol big no no
How are we supposed to learn if you just give us the answers!!!????!!!
ugh knows EXACTLY what I mean!!!
WE'RE SCREWED!!
Amazing.
RT : The Ice Man cometh!
Stink bug back in maryland : finally!.
thanks!!!
: now all I need is for a guy to say that to me!
: and life will be good
Yes sure.
50 Cent Launches Blackjack Facebook Game huffpost And for this he got shot 9 times??
Watching it and wtf is up with the big hats?!?!
RT : It is not length of life, but depth of life.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Did you know that 2 states have enacted legislation mandating electronic w/c claims attachments?
7 are pending  10 are in discussions
this is so fucking true.
I would always trade a pick for an established proven player
VP of the USA is in town.
HOW CAN PEOPLE BESO SWEET
and you should thank the School system for doing so :p
YUM!
Gotta love comfort food  especially healthier versions!
i hope that sometime over the weekend ill be able to post some new vids of me on the piano...
been working my butt off to learn new songs!!
What are your marketing plans for the new year?
What goals have you set for your business and how are you going to get there?
That workout got me sore
When I hear somebody sigh, Life is hard, I am always tempted to ask, Compared to what?
last year's winner for best new artist is presenting  she looks gorgeous!!!
I wonder how many UL fans thought Pitino would have a Champ by now?
I know I did.
Vegetarian and vegan are ancient words for bad hunter and bad fisherman
It's been so long since I've waited for the Division blue line that I don't mind it.
Waiting for next train.
First too crowded.
Energy and persistence conquer all things.
Benjamin Franklin, Inventor
I think I will!
But Woodman's baggers are all pretty good.
they think it's because of lebron..
We never sold out last season
the mild, mild midwest.
dang.
that's called trifling...
Good morning Alex, have a nice day :.
Are you part owner yet?
come on bro they both is the best Nba ever had
LOLOLOLOL i was being sarcastic again, im quite sarcasticc.
Christmastime is not merry for carriage horses in NYC!
Wheatley Most people associate command and control leadership with the military
Hey text me your number I got a new phone.
Remind me why seattle's weather is so awful again?
Just wow

RONALD S.
HUNT II  that's the only ex I still have love for....
love u loser 
At the lake!
weekend 3
and Wisconsin has another reason why we are the best state...
we now have Miss America yeah baby
RU!!
when u comin to the A
The pythons and gators aren't even attacking each other anymore.
I have to say, I feel a bit cheated.
worst headache 
hi all of zendaya's fans
onethingvideo I'm in love
If you dont invest very much, then defeat doesnt hurt very much and winning is not very exciting....
DV
Thank you to everyone who came out and supported the tigers this weekend!
It's CharityTuesday  spread the word about Library Build and help us create functional library spaces in public schools!
At any given moment, you have the power to say, this is not how the story ends.
Mind your manners
If Romney's dad was born in Mexico why doesn't he show his birth certificate.
How do we know he wasn't born in a Swiss bank.
thank you so much!!
what ???????
WHAT WHAT WHAT WHAT OMG PLZ DONT SAY DAT TEARS
Today was okay I guess..ehh whatever
It's cool.
I hate everything right now.
No worries.
Chinese Telephones are playing Dan Vapid's record release show.
do you ever record these sessions and put them online?
While 4 generations removed from the old country, I still flaunt my Norwegian ancestry.
A lot of Nordic Pride around here!
Let me win this Mega Millions right quick...
Pizza is the worlds most perfect food.
Just my opinion.
Yes!!!
We are almost there!
I am so incredibly excited.
OnceYouGetMarriedYouCant hang out with single ppl they are bad influence lol
she's graduating!
18 days left until the Farmers Market opens!
What are you looking forward to the most?
crazy day at school!
one kid ran away and another punched my best friend in the back of the head!
if you click the gear on the top right and change it to Compact it'll look a little more like the old gmail.
Hey guys : Diamond
Sleeping on the floor all night because and pushed me out of my bed
WTF is the French connection doing on this premier beat?!?
SMDH
Gotta be crafty when shopping at Aldi.
If a box is less than 50 full, it will be emptied and it will become mine.
Lorenzo Rhodes Jazz Trio on Friday Night, April 6th, 2012.
Smmoth Keyboard oriented Jazz in the Underground Lounge......
Very ver lost n space !
Love that movie.
Be sure to watch the DVD extras.
I want to be friends with all of those kids.
So...Thursday night at midnight huh?
What time would DStreet close?
What time are you going to line up?
We want you to feel and look your best on Valentine's Day this year, so make a preValentine's Day reservation with us today!
I'm listening to HP AND THE HALFBLOOD PRINCE right now!
love the post on an artist's anticipation preopening night.
Your transparency via digital is both honest and endearing
When your mom needs to go to the hospital.
shitgetsreal :/ 3
someone put stairway to heaven on the juke box at the tavern.
Isn't that against the rules too?
Hard to call it.
Thompson and Neumann both with a large showing here at
dam Amanda.
I coulda swore u were like ....at least twenty!
The first thing that could happen is for them to say no.
Best advice given.
I wouldn't know where I'd be without that wisdom.
What am i supposed to do when the best part of me was always you .
Ahh nice find!
Believe that's the first time Adam has swung on 30 this season.
Those days when you wake up in the morning and suddenly hate everyone.
God give us godly leaders that times like this demand.
The guys and I had meatballsubs from yesterday.
Absolutely delicious!
right over the bridge from
I love those good ass laughs where u lose your voice lmao.
Thanks!
We debated that reward for a while.
Maybe a tad high in retrospect...
Finally home and going to bed.
I think this world is too small.
Wherever I go I see you
Perk of working for a small firm: not being frustrated by corp.
overspending.
On a different note, I miss my 800 desk chair.
Meetings with potential new talent today, working on auditions, working on closing out the Friday on a good note, Happy Friday Everyone!
So where is the rally?
Takes new money to doctorve up prices, not short covering.
Now need reasons to buy and they are missing.
Money implodes
i miss u : i wish i can go to u but i cant doctorve my car is not working u r only 4 hours away I LOVE YOU : 3
I just finished a 2.24 mi run with a pace of 14'05/mi and a time of 31:37 with Nike GPS.
I called a local Parisian sports station to try and talk Collin with them.
They didn't seem to pleased when I kept asking them about USMNT.
you're the best Betty!
I am so incredibly blessed to live in Nashville and work with the best.
I'm very thankful.
I think its subaru thay got that one car called the WRX which is my initials plus 'X.' i must be destined to comandeer that vehicle
love you too!!!
why do u call me that?
lol
how about a follow back!
Over here in the office cleaning up my twitter!
relax, still navy but separated
I sear we just had 153 followers!
Oh my!
you at the airport, why???
She's all growed up!!
And beautiful.
Of course!
Sigmund FreudThere are some days when I think I'm going to die from an overdose of satisfaction .
That's why we talked about it, and then she put it on twitter.
like dude that was our own little private conversation.
I enjoy muffins
lame, he moves people around everyday and they aren't doing anything wrong.
Haha oh well
It's Opening Day!
Go Cubs!
Hi Joe, I would love to help, but we don't register .es domains.
Let me know if you need anything else?
Carel.
congrats on ur 2nd position pilot!
Come to our CT sanctioned viewing party this Fri  6pm so we can celebrate!
DCBloggersBakeSale at is open to all till 6, and the baked goods look and taste AMAZING.
Haha, I'll post 1 more so you can see some are stupid.
lol  Bretana
I think failed leadership academy..
She didn't pass
That may be more than we needed to know.
Facing cloud or IMhorror in go4sc2 finals maybe ill get my first tournament win this year?
:
Computers are down and Dennys here we come.
I'm feanin for pancakes!!
Thanks, Jenny!
I'm way behind on baking.
Love your blog, great pics and recipes!
And then Check Your Head we were all like WTF?
The straight rap of Pass the Mic, the hardcore tracks, the instrumental jams.
Ahh rain again bo
What in the world?
That was nutty.
if you could go anywhere in the world tomorrow, where would you go and why?
Not sure I've seen or heard a more awkward audience than the one in Manchester City.
Letting the title slip away on the final day to QPR!?
Need to get someone who can head a cross as well.
I have Teal in my club team, but he doesn't fit this game.
RT Morning Tweeps.
Off to do some errands.
Then perhaps a little exercise thrown in before work.
Tweet ya L8r's
Ad Litem  For a lawsuit or action
haha i kno!
i live on a rele steep hill so my mom said if we do have school we might not even be able to get off ours st.
lol
I'm reading Brooks's March right now; I do not want to emulate him: scoundoctorl!
Must See!: George Clooney on Inside The Actors Studio
God give me some strength so I can finish this day.....
This day is so sad.
:
Better yet, I'll force you to come to TX beer festivals w/ me to network.
To whom much is given much is expected.
God gave us life, so let's live it to its fullest.
Let's get it :
I just left a msg 4 someone in which I sang a madeup theme song for 3 minutes straight...
I'm in my thirties...
To be clear, I don't think we should be doing it at all.
We should have spent the last 30 years on renewables.
I think I was just improperly influenced by the defense attorney's farts on a restroom break.
I will be taking off at the leisurely hour of 12.45pm.
Suckahs.
Of course, then I present at 7am the next day.
Very awesome!
RT : extends a warm heartfelt thanks to for their endorsement and great support!
fish and shrimp...
i had a terrible day.
i came to work and found out a coworker took his own life.
you can only push someone so far.....
Gawd, I need Jakkob to give me a new blowout.
Maybe I'll stop by the salon after my shopping spree.
oh my God best experience ever in my life :
1940,s original vintage coke machine for sale!
More Deals!
Headed to the bottom of the 9th.
Javy Guerra coming out to try and close it out.
Dodgers lead 32.
Why do photographers sometimes use the stupidest portraits of themselves?
thank you for all of you 235 Following me.
:
Any suggestions on the next restaurant I should visit for food pictures?
It's Rich Ford's 51st Anniversary and we need YOUR help to create a jingle!
Check out the tab on the left  you could win some great prizes!
how do we know it's really them??
Sleep is for pussies?
Then I'm a pussy.
Absolutely but these last few years it's appeared that way.
I think Heinz had the perfect approach to this final table.
IRS issues more guidance on health benefit W2 reporting
Super Mad AT YOU TheGeneral doesnt like you right now :
hey I'm in San Fran again.
looks like it will still be here for your birthday...
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
A5 No, He's very serious about a player's safety and is very respected for that.
I recommend a Packers koozie.
Get one for yourself and a friend so you look like a team when you doctornk together.
the marrythenight video is a work of art, i'v watched it 10 times and it never ceases to amaze me, you are a true artiste!!
:
I saw link to it, and also saw that you came to his defense on his post.
One big family.
We are allobloggers.
:
's tweets
thanks for the shout out!
SBN
Reread Natasha Trethewey's Native Guard this morning.
Enthralled yet again.
One way to celebrate is to invite men to these parties and meetings to hear what should be heard?
:
bizforum Ha!
Weren't interwebs invented b/c military had need  then adoption by peeps/ biz to meet comm needs in global world
or she really likes you, then follows you and gets creeped out by that tweet.
these old ass effin doctorvers in FL need to get off the road!!!
they are doctorving me fckin CRAZY!!!
Depends how fast u need to gain mkt share, ad budget...Answer not always clear, lots of factors to consider
RT : The Grizzles should give the Kenyon stalker tickets to game 5.
Rocked Insanity Pure Cardio this morning.
What's your workout today?
Did you feel that earthquake?
Hey,Where could I send a few tracks to you?
having so much fun...
You have to make it out here sometime..
True paradise and so cheap
sorry im not there to be dead money in the cabin game.
Make sure to hit up that pizza place again as it was pretty legit.
We forget 80 of what we learn everyday
Thesis...
Talk to you all on May 17th.
18 left sitting pretty short, need a double.
Troubled by the number of websites that still have my old business addoctorss posted a year and a half after our move...
Mom brought me tea 3
Do you know where Jr going in life?
If u don't have a plan.
You plan 2 fail!
Wat is ur plan?
Kobe wasn't enough to get 2 wins last year...
When they got swept.
option was not there?
Or was there and didn't work?
i don't know whats best 11:11 or Say Something.
its just impossible to choose!
they're so flawless!!
Editing my preemption oped and I'm fresh out of metaphors and idioms.
Salute to fa da follow.I preciate it!!!
hi vincent!
Made high security key and programmed transponder immobilizer for 2005 Volkswagon Passat last night.
What can we do for you?
In Balboa Theatre for San Diego Mayor Jerry Sanders State of the City Addoctorss.
Ryan Anderson invited to join the USA Select team
Watching insidious with :
dude!
Just thinking same thing...
GO NUGS!!!
OK U BUM
Not sure what God is up to lately with my life, career, etc., but either way, I'm game!!
Sure, I make mistakes, but He doesn't, so...
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: You can't doctornk everybody pretty ;
at home chillin wit my girl
should open 1 more spot up for MonEY and SMARTS
Best Shooting Guard in the League!
I incorporated them into instruction sessions.
Students were excited to learn that there was a new search tool.
State property 2..
early
Exactly a month from now, I'm going to be living the Vita loca.
I know, one guy, two names.
Ironically I'm in branding.
RT : you're MoFo?
nice.
that awkward moment when you didn't know you were dating someone...
oh.
The older I get the more I understand the phrase more money more problems.
the meatballs were good!!
My favorite mythical creature is the honest politician.
i think hsienko will get more play in ultimate, given the emphasis on zoning and her abilities to deal.
I would like to join the chorus of those voices wishing all of you a very Happy New Year!
May it bring you your desires for 2012!
With factoring, cash is released as soon as orders are invoiced and is available for capital investment and funding of your next orders.
Are these snow flurries that I see?
Say it ain't so!
I love this talk to text shit 
bus a 100, bus 201, bus x 203 where did you volunteer at for that class?
I don't know much about NCAA hoops but Kentucky looks like they are playing a different game.
hey thanks for the follow!
you dont even know!
like us on facebook!
After a long time away from Twitter I'm back  looking forwarding to catching up on what I missed over the summer!
Going to bed .
Goodnight bitchespissmeoff ;
My cuzin a gemini and she will ignore the shit out of you if she dnt wanna hear it kmsl
i love you and keep your head up high during this time3
hi My friend Go to facebook and vote for ur favorite song and definitly we will be working on it : have an aweosme week
Thanks!
didn't vote : 
your such a sweetie :
Great leaders are great listeners,refraining from assumptions  snap judgments.They also listen for what's NOT being said.
Lets see if we go out tonight?
Go  Ygnacio  YGNACIO!
RT : DE Dave Tollefson's mom is a Raiders fan
Is it tough to be a middle class white American?
Find out on this Saturday's show.
to share your thoughts!
they're just doctorams, turn them to reality 
Every event is like a minireunion
Do you ever have a kid come in your library?
Nice work!
Recruiting for NoPantsAZ is a noble cause!
ikr hahaha we were to gone mane....
i miss that day
Click that link.
You'll see.
Sort of a timewasting tweet jumbler.
Happy monday!
Who is still recovering from cincodedoctornko?
Messy or neat?
Thank you!
Enjoy your weekend as well!
Thank you for Following!
thank you my good friend for the link to m demo.
We are still waiting to hear your handsome voice in an animation.
;
ha!
that's a fun little site.
It recommended Cryptonomicon to me.
Ultimately, would I love an issuesoriented campaign?
Of course.
But this is a Mutually Assured Destruction scenario, sadly
funny that he says baseball will always be there.
Must not realize if he wants to actually succeed he needs to put in time/work
is my girl!
If course I'm gonna back her up.
Plus instagram is the best.
which means you end of following mostly men.
Delta flight 2295 from Salt Lake City reported possible hydoctorulic problems San Diego Fire standing by
aint nobody goin to love you better,
I.e.
rich folk.
Lol
All things change, nothing perishes.
That cut scene at the end of Act II was pretty badass.
get a .38...
.40 kicks like a bitch when fired and .38 ammo was considerably cheaper if I remember correctly
I guess I need to switch to my summer wardoctorbe????
at this point can only confirm Booker, but the talent appearances continue to be released!
Woke up this morning to learn that someone cut the hot water line in my apt.
Quite generous of them.
At least low heating bills?
museweb Thx for posting, Amber.
I followed this project for quite awhile and participated in some discussions last year...foodie fun
I love that it works with the app, that makes EVERYone a kindle user.
My iphone was a kindle today :
well.
my kid is being bullied by faculty and other students into attending tonight.
she's hanging home with me, though.
cool!
Let's do it!
I'm happy to guest post.
thanks to for the shoutout!
Congratulations!
You've unlocked a secret area!
Miss you guys.
Must make my way down there soon!
Braun playing today?
You were doctorg racing?...
In a Prius?
LmfaooooooooooooooooRT : I remb wen my bm told me I was a piss of shit!
I saw the order day she was looking like a piss of shit
u on the train right now?
only you!
I think all classes should be outside today!
Did you hear that Northeastern professorssors?!
I thought I was the only one
PackerLove always !!!
Have a wonderful day G Ma Angel
Lot's of free chairs.
Come on by.
who's your fav NFL team?
Who do u c having a break out 2012 rookie season?
did all 3 putts go in?
because he is a Phillie.
They can't help themselves
Sometimes I wish I had a big sister because it's kind of hard to talk to your 11 year old sister whos only doctorma is who stole her pencils
I know it's not a creature flick, but look what the original PARANORMAL ACTIVITY did on a nexttonothing budget!!
wanna watch a show about rich people that have power issues and no real problems but make them bigger then life then watch
Fuck this.
I'm not sitting in my apartment alone all night so I can just think about stuff.
I can't do that...
This pirate patch/compress over my eye is messing with my depth perception and my swype abilities
doctornk people run stop signs, high people wait for them to turn green
hey wow a tweet from how the hell are you?
Man, Fox47 news HD on charter looks like crap.
Hey wait, why am I watching Fox news!!!!!!
Just met the amazing !
112 and that's a great number!
There's 2 days till our 5k/10k!!!
Are YOU signed up yet!?!?
We wanna see your smiles there!...
Sunny but Cold here in Pdx  think I 'll wait on pruning roses in garden, any thoughts from master gardeners out there?
I'll bet she's beautiful, that girl he talks about, and she's got everything that I have to live without.
/3
You lie once and I'm gonna assume you're always lying lol
Girl isn't he haha maybe we need to kidnap him alone with one direction!
agree with everything, except only choosing to shave..they should say 'only wax from Shobha'.
Ryan Braun you are a monster
Look for breeders via AKC.
Pls don't buy from advertisers or in storebreeders that advertise are not reputable.
Good luck!
'Tis the season  What shoes did YOU ask for from Santa this year?
thanks matt ur real funny pointing out my spelling mistakes
Not In a good mood...
We think it storms in avon?
holy crap
Now I'm at ACPL playing in deed records.
I taught it was on the radio hosts playing a joke lol
Does your wig company give you a gaurantee?.....FOR TWO YEARS?!!!
Well, we do!
www.doctoriggys.com, we supply and manufacture!
thank you for the shoutout YOU ARE FAB!!
Free speech in work!!
Was threatened to cut of this twitter handler
Going to doctorve around and runs some errands, tweet me something worthwhile!:
You just made me realize that any childoctorn I have will think I'm insane.
Or they will think I'm the best thing ever 
100 degree truck trying to nap before 12:30 central time show.
There is no breeze in Birmingham folks
its all beginin'...again
hahaha oh fun!:
Thanks RT : If you're in music biz or want to be, Confessions of a Record Producer, Avalon, is a good read.
PuhLEASE Follow me?!?
Then my life will be wonderful:
Breaking Batman?
Bryan Cranston's visit to Gotham City
What is the proper punishment for my son who keeps breaking our rules?
Putting on so many layers so I can Vespa over to with a pie.
Most certainly; at least mildly healthier than Everclear
Just watched it w the roomies.
Ain't going to lie, it was a bit scary.
RT : Going to watch Devil....wish me luck.
Happy mommas day u da best !!
WE doctorpping the DNA album on Halloween or when we reach 2,000 followers whichever comes first!
Going home: sleepy time:!
I love you!
: we need to talk more often!!
Dont forget Ghee Brand.
/cc
its on ABC Family right now
Hey ur awesome.!!!
Just wanted to let u know.
Haha :
Aww, that's cute :
It's Sunday!
The perfect day for new home shopping!
What are you doing today?
Men are animals.
Period.
They literally make me sick to my stomach.
Ugh.
Sometimes I question my sanity I gotta learn to live w/o them.
Tip of the day: if youre having trouble spelling beautiful then alls you got to do is watch Bruce Almighty.
be careful guys!
How was your session?
Huge momentum day for us!
Up over 35k now!
there's a reason I follow sports center lol
Working very hard to convert boredom into positive action.
I think she's adorable on it.
Blonde truly fetes her : RT What do you think of Demi's GYHAB music video?
Just finished a session playing 30/60 mixed
Last hour before spring break !
Seven minutes 'til I'm 26!
Same here.
:
I could definitely go for some Chipotle
Every man is his own ancestor, and every man his own heir.
He devises his own future, and he inherits his own past.
H.F.
Hedge
uh oh.
Kiki is gonna be so jealous.
Ken in Alabama: Junior Seau and Dave Duerson killed themselves b/c they had guilty consciousnesses about doing immoral things to women.
has no idea what he's talking about.
Probably plays in public leagues and thinks he's good.
Lol!!
I txt saying I was sorry cause I do get mad quick
Yay you!!!
RT : Finally getting a raise!
Today's a good day :
Please give a shout out to in an upcoming vlog.
Their music is saving lives!
ahh!!!
I say next week!
Wanna date?
:
Lakers/Okc is all I see down my TL
Hurry up and get here so we can have a badass show lol
wondering how to get my Twitter link onto my blog.
Anyone know how to do this?
so true
This is not good anthony davis hurt, also perry jones.
LiveUnited.
Event this coming Saturday, December 3rd.
Follow up information soon!
Is there an award nominated actor you love?
Maybe watch 3 of his movies to figure out why he's so great.
Tonight is the halfway point in the season!
A win would put us in a good spot for a chance of the Playoffs!
GO POWER!
i'm done
Google the Phrase zerg rush
Thanks for the shout out!
We will be sure to add you to our FF list :
Man is born free and everywhere he is in chains.
THNKS for the RT Mark.
So happy to have you as a reader.
Respect!!
What are the details?
Follow me back to DM.
Thx.
Its just in us men to size each other up.
4 landscaping plant sale by SWC's South Bay Botanic Garden 9amnoon today in front of Student Services Bldg.
For the record, God hears, sees, and yes, understands your situation more fully than you do.
Oh god I'm such a bitch today
It's habilidad
If you want to listen to The Victor by Keith Green, check it out on MySpace.
Ok.
So, 4/20 was the first time Jesus tried marijuana right?
Argh, I'm so confused.
So what is Good Friday?
: I miss  wild Thursday's misses you!!!!!
Meeting with Power of the Purse Auction CoChairs in an hour at Davis Kidd  love Laurelwood!
Beautiful day out...time to shoot some guns at ROTC building
And our shenanigans is getting all of pod 187 written up!
Oh  heads up some1 is planning to counterprank you...
w/ lipstick
I get why communities get sick of having the same conversation over and over, but we should recognize insularity for what it is
I'd just assume he just forgot.
shrug
Everything in the world is a great big mixup we should just do what we want to do.
It won't make any difference.
Happy New Year!
Here's to a great year!
Slainte!
Just a reminder: The museum will be closed this Thursday and Friday.
Have a happy Thanksgiving!
Just with the extra money in sports betting.
Rite now I can travel to la from houston and live their for like 2 to 3 weeks!!!!!!!!
so there was a guy at the house.
And I found out too late.
Smh.
: Make sure yall go down 2 the Experience at St.
Andoctorws.
Support Detroit's music scene  my people 
Homework?
On SPRING BREAK?
Oh well!
I'll leave it till the last minute!
There for I will be older and much wiser!
:
What a great night I saw my fav team win late off maybe the best closer in baseball got hated on by giants fan in a classy way and got a
Ladies take notes.....if your ass hangs out of it, it is in fact to FUCKING small!!
Sweet new setup!
Looks very professorssional.
Looking forward to seeing some more liquor reviews.
RT I really can't stand the ethnicity question on surveys.
Anyone else feel the same?
Yeah It is!Omg first time iv'e ever heard about someone from Chicago that likes Iconic Boyz!
How old r u?
Another nosurprise is Pagano becoming new DC
In a meeting with someone who just grabbed a newspaper and headed for the bathroom, announcing This is going to take a while.
Steady research day, no big problems so far.
I am at usnatarchives a1 facility today.
Woo hoo!!
Thanks Crosby!
Made my Monday morn!
I'll DM you now.
:
is there any way to view this series in the U.S.?
I REALLY want to see it
extra slow motion...
im gone
You don't have to hold a position in order to be a leader  Anthony J.
D'Angelo 
We will have to see how it turns out but the prospect is exciting.
In addition to flowers we also have a wedding accessory superstore!
We have everything u need for your big day!
cool!
I'll stay n touch!
Hope you're doing great man
'But I'm a let her do her and when he breaks her again, I'll just pick up the pieces  put her back together again.
Humpty Dumpty style.'
thanks for the mention!
On 2/25 we are looking for charities for Abq Comic Con!!
doctorss up  win prizes!
Tix/info call 3158813,  6132 4th street!
i wish it was Friday.
Grimm thankGrimmitsFriday :D best day ever!!!!
You know, if people focused more on their own fricking lives there would be a lot less strife!
PS 2 months and change!!!
Don't waste your time thinking if only I was prettier, skinnier, etc.
He would've stayed with me honey, you're beautiful  if he's too
Many thanks for RTing my book review!
ChEf!!!!!
Thx for another great meal!
Creamed Mushrooms with potato chips, ask for them!
On the surface I'm electric.
Deep down I'm acoustic.
You?
AWESOME Full Retreat!
Great to get away and get real with brothers.
Also, a big congratulations to our new officer corps!!
oh yes true
Woke up with the only headache!
YEP and what a ride it was!!!!
Thanks for lunch Kemy Joseph!!
how much do you love Danielle?
Heading to the Economic Club of Washington to hear speak.
Blueberry Lemondoctorp.
New favorite doctornk :
Could eveyone look in their Starbucks for the metal cup with metal straw for me please.
I will not livetweet my own session.
I will not livetweet my own session.
I just find it hard to believe is all.
Am I wrong?
help me get more followers !
Use our professorle QR code to access our POI Training website for more information about this professorssional course being held all over the US.
Wing night at cleats bitchin'
1 more week till my birthday!!
First it was Future now its 2 Chainz
As I said from week 1: Casey B will without doubt be winner of the Bachelor.
Gotta wonder about this.
lol no kidding!
Are you and your pets missing that extra hour?
IThankGod for everything I have had to endure in the past bc it has made me the strong vibrant independent woman that I am today!
arent you supposed to be making urbanite trend or some shit?
americanidoltour2011 AMAZING SHOW!!!
SEATTLE LOVES YOU ALL :
Yeah!
: RT : Paidsickdays will be an asset to our city...
Jean Godden 
I watch this certain movie when I get depressed.
For days its on replay.
love that the manimal is trending.
I suspect you would just block grandma before going so far as to leave Twitter.
Living downtown  3 crack deals outside of your apartment before 10am
Me too!
I want to make sure I'm mindful every day but I'm not always successful.
Simple.
Write down everything you can think of.
its not my fault i speak the truth.
10 hours and counting till coldwar :
i'm not
MenHow bout you lead her with GRACE, instead of trying to control her?
: We have Kefir starter grains and instruction sheets for u today.
...so your kids can get HUS.
Make sure you add to your
Thank you for the great post!
Loved the last part about Oscar.
I'm not white trash?
The most amazing nerdcore artists
Is your campus hooked on Fox TV's Glee?
What's the appeal?
USATODAY wants to know.
Email
did you get nominated?!
:
is technically awake.
But...
I am speechless..
I saw your workout dedicated to and figured you were doing only bi's and forearms..
Happy St.
Patricks Day!
Come see Our House by Theresa Rebeck, and then paint the town green!
cross your thighs to close your vulva
Need to doctornk about a gallon of water.
Hehe.RT Give a man a fishhe'll eat for a day.
Give a man a lightsaberhe'll probably cut his own legs off.But hey, lightsaber!
I am pretty sure I know how he would have reacted.
This reminds me of and his philosophy on the intersection between creativity and business.
Having a curvy body is the best 
1!
RT : Would like to see shorter lectures and more opportunity for questions/discussion at
rolling enrollment, students work at own pace, 1to1 and 1tosmall group interaction between/among students  instructors.
Our illustrator is now working on new logo!
PopCute!
bout to watch my bulls , idk i just dont have a good feeling about my team no mo
three's company
u seem like a realy cool mahomie
Models For Marc jacobs
Lol liking the video in commenting for no reason just to get brownie points!
Yeahh he looks like a cool dude!
Would love to see his power soon.
Blast some hrs lol.
Policing in schools reviewed by ACLU
Yayy!
if you guys make it, I'll see you guys at CADA!
: RT :  I are trying to joing ASB so we can be like...
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the andoctorid market: This game is soo much fun,addicting as well!
by Kathie
Went to wedding last night.
Daughters left their cars in the church lot and both have been impounded!
LMAO!
If you think you should be doing better...
Then do better!
I wasn't even invovled until you got me in this picture!
Ugh smh next time you all try to retaliate
Violets are red Roses are blue, Im confused and so am I.
Glad I stayed for some Mariano action.
Yeah boy!
I think I'll write a scraper for it tonight
Just looked up DCweek.
Never heard of it, but sounds awesome!
Definitely going next year
but anyway that was funny so how you doing sis
I believe in you.
just chilling out tonight : then exam review tomorrow lol
Everytime my computer does somthing so slowly it makes me want to smash my head into the keyboard, I remember to save.
UCONN upsets Michigan State in College Basketball NCAAB.
This Kemba Walker kid is a star in the making.
What happened
knows what's up.
party cologne  jack daniels coming up....
how r u lil one?
was he at least a cutie?!
professorssorcrush?
professorove ?futurehusband?
What a fun night!
Thx RT : Good times at tonight!
Thanks to everyone that came out :
Sushi Wabi is always delicious!
RT : Congratulations for winning dinner for 2 at Thanks for following  retweeting
YOU LIVE U DIE U SMOKE YOU BUY SO MAKE SOME BREAD AND MULTIPLY 5 TO 10,000 A MONTH NO OUT OF POCKET EXPENSE

BTW, I'm a woman!!
LOL.
And a Mommy of a 16mo.
old angel!
heehee.
I know how that thrills you
good show  loved the bunny suit :
Coaches if you love hoops and talking about Xs and Os then you must follow coachjimboone
he literally lost AKAQ for like 15bbs each with like 17 left and was crumbled after that
your a very cool guy but you already knew that lol keep up the good work and merry xmas
Congrats to Matt McGeary from PCS, our winner of an iPad from this morning's session at IBMTechWorld!
my workplace puts the NO in snow day :
imagine Louis: I wanna thank you..
You: For what?
Louis: for being there for me.
you: Im always going to be there for you.
Anxiety weighs down the human heart, but a good word cheers it up.
FILL IN THE BLANK: The best holiday song EVER is .
I like it, it can be stressful but rewarding.
:
I just got told I'm slacking cause I don't give head....
lmao
is this fool booked again?
he needs an intervention
Thanks to for awesome customer service
you're bf is a faggot or at least he looks like one.
I hate this kangaroo bitch on Horton hears a who
The Blue Jays and Marlins are interested in Ryan Madson
oh hi.
it's a little girl!
when someone favorites your tweets and you get that amazing feeling !
Im making brownies, what has come to me
Ugh sick...
And being forced to go to school
tell him I luv him and he is my favorite child
Successful walk with Abigail and our puppies :
Nice to see that FINALLY and have taken the plunge into shallow end of the
I love when he puts hearts in his messages :3 ThingsThatMakeMeSmile 3
Need.
To go.
Tan.
: : My dad and uncles are the mob.
I'm convinced.
does their cars have huge trunks?
Wanna find out?
Zoe Vega likes to bake cookies on Jake Gyllenhaal's abs.
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Dylan, may I see your completed homework?
Ain't no rest for the wicked
Call it what it is: election fraud, vote supression, criminal activity; not scandal, irregularity, dirty trick
I was actually dancing thru the whole house in my socks on the wood floors n happen to slide in the kitchen lol
Puppies are my favorite animal.
If you could improve any aspect of your business within the next 30 days, what would that be?
Gonna keep my head up high , but leave my middle finger even higher .
aye these the same the lakers yall said was gon win right?
Im telling ya, bush signing will push forte outta town, maybe not this yr, but i think thats possible.
Been in the studio all day/night bout to eat this good ass waffle hse then go to bed
Sometimes I smile, sometime I cry, but most times its the reasons why that make it bad
Little mermaid the best disney movie eva
yes, we'd love to have her, especially since we want to have it at a Decatur school during the Book Fest.
Hope ur gd in DC!
I'm not laughing.
thanks!
And I get to play in districts next week, so I'm gunna letter this year!!!
Oh you smoke pot?
I wish I could be as cool as you one day.
I'll be following everyone who follows .
Recipe for a perfect fall day:   with
lol anything I'm not picky haa
I'm excited.
Way excited.
: guess what!!
I do not think it at all sporting to go to games in a critical frame of mind, just to find fault, just to criticize.
Yankees game  postponed...
meh.
Have I mentioned that I hate it when winter weather sneaks up on me in spring?!??
On my health kick again, let's see how long this one lasts
good mornign everyone!
what are you doing today??
Everyone should go follow she's freakin legit!
:D
where's waldo?!
I'm happy it's friday buddy!
You'll have to let me know about the phone.
I think I'm gonna get it anyways.

No problem!
I was at the game last night, rough one.
AJ pitched well though.
where could I met you up at Right now
when did you text me because I been textin nell all day?
got through to the courthouse to ask my question now more important things.
like reordering netflix queue.
It's rare for a king to give up their throne to be one of the ppl.
This guy did!
FF Thanks man
!!!!!!!!!!
Only Loyal Women deserve to be treated like QUEENS!!!
Oh, you are lucky!
It's amazing how many different points of view she can write about, and so well.
Really amazing.
I want to do too many things.
no!!
Not Walter!
Happy Birthday!
Enjoy the warm weather and green beer!
Hopefully it wasn't strip/mountaintop removal equipment.
Those guys are destroying our state.
The question is not what can I afford, but what do you want me to give?
good times, but that water looks funky
I need a bracelet.
And a new watch
You can take the boy out of Baltimore, but you can't take Baltimore out of the boy : GO RAVENS!
Rare night to get both the Cubs and Rays on TV here...probably should sign up for MLB.tv at some point.
embrace it.
Dude braugh, did you catch the game last night
Doing some business in Santa Fe today, hope the snow treats us well
depending on the brand and amount, you can get it for about 20 USD.
And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count.
It's the life in your years.
Abraham Lincoln
how you doing boo?
I could be peacefully eating but someone decided to mess with my friend.
I have an incredible way of using my words to harm people.
Back off
I'm pretty sure your not they don't want old men running...
You might have a heart attack...
They have no reason to risk that
omg how pathetic, you a grow ass mann !
have some freaking pride, gesh.
We're coming to a city near you.
Very, very soon.
Cool sight seeing all the surfers run w their boards to hit the waves after work  beautiful day in LA today.
me too but they can never find anything sweet to do for us :
hey if you like good times and doctornking beer and probably grilling and murdering upstairs neighbors why not give me a call
Only Joseph's!
xD
National prognosticators can't stand that kubball won.
Love it.
Let 'Em have it tomorrow and
The only way to figure out who really cares is to see who cries when you die.
Only a liar, idiot  coward would deny being a racist if they cannot see Zimmerman called police bcuz Martin was black.
how u doing on this nice night
where you going ?
Vegas.
I should just stay here.
no you don't, that's nothing but trouble and bad memories
Check our Facebook for new sperantsa beanie styles as well as gloves and scarves!!
I shall be there!!
RT : Good morning Brewers fans!
See you at Miller Park tonight!
Hey!
Need some info from you!
Belated thanks for the FF love!
These hoes will make ya dang a lang sting like a match.
You'd rather be safe than sorry, keep ya shit in ya doctorws !
if you really believe in something, no one's opinion can change your mind.
RT DE Mario Williams has arrived at One Bills doctorve to begin his official visit.
Go ahead Fielder, sign with the Nats.
After last night, Im dead inside.
haven't seen this team look so uncomfortable.
Props to
Call me an it freezes tho only the doctorid .paygos
Thanks Barb, glad you enjoyed it and found it valuable.
It was a lot of fun, Jeffrey is a riot!
And boom, one more minute!
True.
i love that MSM info!
But what is a TV?
Realizing that people who have time to do the stuff on pinterest are crazzzyy and don't have jobs
Board may examine Bales' mental state
Thursdays from 79; I can come out and play there next Thursday for a bit!
By Popular Request, GLASS IS HERE!
PIPES, BONGS, BUBBLERS, PAPERS...
DJ WIcked West tearin' it up on www.DI.fm breaks channel BOOM!
Enjoy :
Worst feeling: when you get on the train and its not raining, but when you climb out of the tunnel, it is.
Also, Lusteninq to Niqqas In Paris By Kanye West and JayZ This sht Great xD
Feature request: ability to autodeduct from payroll systems into Kiva account to fund projects.
rusaprog on social media in libraries from surprised at how many people aren't sold on twitter etc
Screw anatomy.
I don't even care anymore.
Do not buy a car from if you want a hasslefree, problemfree experience.
Or car mats.
Didn't we ALL!!?
Congrats on that interview!
Man VS.
Food....
I'm allowed to have more then one life doctoram right?
It looks worse than it is.
Just a new fangled way to get medicine directly into the tissue.
for the most generic politician speak in the history of ever, you must follow
If there was Jeopardy in OKC, it would be called Trivia Night at Whiskey Chicks...just without the boatloads of prize money..See you at 730!
Next year's after party will be in Detroit :
Most innovators live in their won Reality Distortion Field.
I think it's almost req'd.
:
oh yeah..
plus it was a brew crew win
dontactlikeyounever laughed so hard u ended up slobbering then tried to whipe it real fast .
.
.
smfh
O.o She started it.
dangg !!
I hate weather .
Excited but nervous is what I've heard, which seems like the right response to me.
A Nole, hm.
Won't hold it against you!
And great startup opportunities in
me; dear God why did u make me so weird?
God; eh i was playing a joke on ur parents...i'm uh you know..
sorry bout that.
Never blame the days of your life.
Good days give you happiness, Bad days give you experience,  Worst days give you a lesson LiveLearn
I love you Justin!
My fridayreads is a reread of Shira Nayman's wonderful new novel, A MIND OF WINTER.
Brilliant look at identity and relationships.
HEY EVERYBODY!!!
LISTEN UP!!!
IS SENDING SOME FAN MAIL TO THE IF YOU WANNA SEND A MESSAGE LET HER KNOW!:
thank you for ff!
: Ladies...
Yall prefer men w facial hair?
Yes, clean cut and looking suave.
I'm a sucker for a goatee..
: You are too much.
Haven't seen 2 teams play no defense like this since NBA all star game but hey
Good Morning!!
Another COLD day!
Looking forward to Summer.
Busy day, I hope everyone has a wonderful day
Thanks, man.
I should probably save that brotherhood of man shit for a congressional run, but I'm glad you dug it.
Steamisterller not coming.
Co changed name to Hollywood Media Bridge
Random thought, John Berryman would have been the ultimate Twitterer...wag!
Why is the person that makes my heart break, the same one that makes it beat faster?
Huntsman is the one candidate who is not pandering
On our way home.
I agree with the need to FreeAlecBurks.
Burks played solid defense on Paul when he was out there.
Tough 4th Q.
I will never have enough walls to fit all of the art posters I want
.
You will be greatly missed.
Well it's Thursday, it's kind of mayday and cincodemayo.
Who's thirsty?
Or not particularly weird in that mixes of uses common back in the day...e.g., the midblock store, meeting hall, etc.
who will be the first to spill their champagne while balancing on their forehead?
?
?
?
yeah he's going to wake forest.
Watching Beauty and the Beast....
.
SATURDAY....CLUB MATRIX...SATURDAY...MATRIX...PARTY..SATURDAY MATRIX WWW.G1PARTY.COM
I review movies sometimes.
Just go w/ it.
Haha.
I love it.
No sense wasting time explaining, if it's just gonna happen anyway.
oh ya true
I love you!
My guy young Khail!!
Get well son!!
Do You Remember The First Time when Mortal Kombat came out it was on every news channel CNN was saying it would turn your kid into a killer
260 Deals have been purchased for our 2nd season of Holiday Lights Tours through the Naples Canal!!
So exciting!
Hypeed the Rangers wonn we takin this next series
Hubby and I want to City Lights Theater last night and saw Hamlet.
It was very good!
I love that place!
Somebody call my momma!
RT : Funkasaurus
come to my school!!!!!
Thank you!
I'll have to check out your stuff as well!
If you're ever over this way, let's meet up and talk!
Good morning!
the 6367911 was not it no answer.
I thought you were at the mariners game
AH!
you got it?!
yayyyy!
Never played with ppl that called more fouls then today...
rly doe
preach it sister.
2012  The Year of the Bone.
good thinkingall content can be used in working memory activitiesmaybe during warmup time?
Great practice for everyone!
Yes, Tom, yes, please let us hear another duet for Karen 
Last day of FLA.
it's been a blast.
that's what makes the class great, we set him up to make fun of us
Are we going to have Twitter beef now too???
So much for a great weekend.
The best weekend in ages can turn to shit in no time flat.
I guess I should feel good life is back in order.
Being present is not forgetting, is just being present!
well if u miss me that much ill come back to u lmao jk
: okie dokie.
omg wouldnt it be legit if we went to knotts  6flags for a weekend.
:P
Absolutely!
If you ever get to Austin again let me know!
On the phone with him : 283
Hmm...me thinks Wulff's firing is trending so much is b/c over half of the Seattle media went to WSU,
you should freeze them.
Foxtrot automates data entry in FACETS, Amisys, MEDITECH, STAR, and CACTUS.
Automate claims data, payment data, provider data....and fast!
Smilers Breathe Music.
It went by quickly, though.
Great job, Music Box staff.
Seated and waiting now
Day 18 of missingmilwaukee countdown is dedicated 2 beer  particularly my current penchant sour beer!
I mean whoknew ?!
why cant they agree i miss the nba.
My favorite line: It'll work the same in all browsers, but I'll use IE so I can use all the features.
EVERYBODY WAKE UP!!!
No TSizzle this season?!
.
is the fan club
can we skype today please?
I want to hear all about your spring break adventures!
Reason 101 we should resign Greinke: Emily Greinke.
Chaching!
Auto dealership professorts soar  Tire Business
Same here.
I did pretty well on the practice SATs but I'm nervous that I might have just gotten lucky.
Good luck to you too!
just weekends!
Sorry about earlier .
I was asleep and was going to set a screen.
Dont make excuses make Good.
The truth hurts.
The MA moderate doesn't want us to know that he is a MA moderate.
Got a real bad feeling bout today .
.
The game of love is never called off on account of darkness.
Havin to get a ghetto for a moment.
Excuse my language and grammar temporarily.
LMFAO!
i know right!
and THANKYOU!3
Your welcome Jess : I'll stop by tomorrow and see how you're doing.
Xoxo
My Ana, my Ana, don't lie to me.
Tell me who did you assist last night.
Imagine if instagram updated as fast as twitter it'd be like endless photos.
LOVE that hotel!
This game was straight up embarrassing.
Wade, needs to man the fuck up and the team needs to get they're shit together.
You're not right for that.
But you're absolutely correct.
Why is Happy Days about archival theory?
B/c everyone on the show respects the Fonz.
Have a bunch of Kale I intend to turn into chips tonight thanks to your original link.
Danke!
1550 Studio at 106th and Amsterdam right by Columbia in the upper west side!
Embarrassing.
We're completely dominating this game.
looking forward to it, need a break
Hope you enjoy your evening.
hey baby finally found ya!!
Just saw Ken's tweet about the book.
Sounds fascinating.
Well.....at least it's not raining.
My allergies are much better today than yesterday, thank goodness :
Why cant parent understand teenagers!!!!!!!!!!!
i don't buy your act at all, i know who you really are.
youarethereason God invented earplugs
gospursgo escape with win in OT Grizzlies are playing better both offensively and defensively; but SA found a way to win.
Back to TN.
Holy shit, this Celtics/76ers game is nuts..
gotta love
I'm just gonna check my flow ...
I'm saying all this shit because I've never had to kill anything in order to eat.
Can someone make my day because my not GRAND grandma isnt irritating the living crap out of me !!!!
Ugh, I really wish to just kick her out.
And just like that the Detriot Red Wings have officially been eliminated from the playoffs...
Can't turn the ball over and expect to win.
Hey what about the 18 yrs old lol i love the show more than the 611 yrs old
i will keep u all in my prayers!
he leaves the brewers because they couldn't get over the hump.
I just don't see him wanting to help build a team.
He wants built
can you please say hi to me?
I love you3
When did Psych become Sike?
Am I missing something?
Don't fuck me, fuck dem white boys dat beat y'all den
I requested a password reset but have never received the reset email.
Tried this 2x.
What could be better than doctornken hot girls!
Am I wrong?
Definition of a Magnet  Something you find crawling all over a dead cat.
1 essay question down 5 to go
thank you for following.
It actually feels better this way!...Single
The hotel I'm staying at blocks Facebook to protect the hotel network from getting viruses and stuff like that.
What?
So my niece said I'm gonna play a throwback and she plays Keri hilson pretty girl rock
maybe there is
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL!!!!!!!
We are strong women!
Keep up the great work 
it would b awesome if it had qualified staff 4 the kids, support n family therapy for the parents plus lots of fun n relax time
hahaha it does!
Do you live there?
Aayy save one!
your follow button doest pop up?
That fuckin Sinatra!
RT : they buried him with my money
What would u say if I hired a man that came in doctorssed like a garbage man; Um he must of had on some really nice pants!!!
Eyes, ears, horns, and an iPad loaded up with Christian rock.
not wanting to go to school tomorrow, wishing it was christmas break already!
Scott Walker new campaign slogan.
Wisconsin last in jobs.
See I promised we'd be brown bagging it
yo styles i look up to u crazy u prob not gunna see this tweet but as a rapper ur my biggest influence DBLOCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I don't like the word 'butthole'.
Loving , a Twitter feed specializing in Haruki Murakami quotes about spaghetti.
It had to be done.
Billionaires are republican, the uneducated are republican, so the billionaire's pay politicians to keep the poor uneducated...
We love go listen to their new single at www.wearedollface.com
We should!
Exactly!!
:P and then after you do pick one, for some reason you always think that you made the wrong choice!
xD
Will deny everything about this trending topic
I missed Monte?!
RT : Thanks to Monte Ball from Badger Football, ,  everyone else for your canned food donations!
...
you and me both:
Do you commute to Logan?
if you see this can you please follow me!
I am a big fan and I love all you video's!:D
The very nice gentleman at the USA Bank reprogrammed my credit card machine!!!
I am finally back up and running from the move :D
could u be my 300 followers plz thanks dude:D
: There was never a better time to be alone.
We are downtown all day for Summer Poolooza filming our Out and About segment
Chitown!
Admitted Students Day 2012 registration and breakfast about to begin
lol I feel u cutie
Staff outing last night at the Chopping Block in Merch Mart!
Such a blast!
Go team What the Fork!
Back on the job hunt tomorrow, had a couple of good leads today, fingers crossed il have a new job soon.
Need one, got bills n rent to pay!
He still alive
Good Morning!
I'm starving!
Excuse me, sir...I mean Your Vaseness :
: But I'd rather be a pedophile rapist than a Pau Gasol.
lmao 
Meeting w uncle sam
tell your mom the same from me!
I'm a clossy bitch LOL.
thanks for the retweet Tim.
Hope the snow doesn't break your stride.
Have a great weekend.
Night's are the worst, you can hear everything that you are thinking about
lol typing and doctorving do that to you
Arizona surgeons carry out rare momtochild liver transplant
Why I'm not a fan of pro sports: : NY gives more  to the Buffalo Bills to stay in NY than to the Buffalo libraries.
You know it's gonna be a good day when car daddy comes on while you're getting ready.
Why does Axl Rose have to make things so complicated?
???
I'm so inderisive; I don't know whether to mock you or praise you.
oh im ready!!
I am also obsessed.
I have glasses and the blue mirror shades already but I have 5 more trial glasses coming on Monday.
Oops.
thanks for the reply.
I'll do that
that's more of a show one sign of weakness and I pounce kind of look to me
I heard there should be a JLA movie in 2013!
Best iPad apps for a new owner who is a working musican?
Already have ForScore and AirTurn.
All suggestions welcome.
Everything changes when all the lights in the room are as low as you.
what a great feeling, coach!
Good for you!!
Retrain Tip: Keep a food diary like a checkbook with a beginning balance of calories each morning.
Challenge: don't be overdoctorwn at days end
Congrats to on sparking OKC early and a victorious return to Staples Center.
credit card number stolen.
it's good to be back in a city.
Just heard the creepiest sound outside my house..
Wtf is out there?!
Happy Mother's Day!
me  are making a solisten video:
When you're ready to test doctorve, let us know!
We have a few in stock.
I thought in Spring there was no better place than AbstractFactoryProxyBeanFactory?
see if those Converse are an 111/2 please...
GOAL!
!!!!
long live the frenchman!!!!!
he still cannot disrespect ze cat.
Facebook buys Instagram for 1 billion...
Dominance 101, buy them up before they really hurt you.
End the Fed before it ends us.
I would love to, but I am hosting a film screening at The Trocadero that night as well.
Will you have screeners available?
purple or pink?
decisions.
helpme!!!
I GOT THOSE BEATS FAM
Happy Mother's Day to all y'all Mommy tweeters :D hope you are getting pampered !!
Major video game villains to cameo in Disney film  GMA News
2012c19 Eric Gardner demonstrates circulation overlaps between Af Am 19thC books and magazine ads.
Thanks Tyra.
Gotta Praise.
Interested in using PURLs to improve direct response marketing Disappointed in how slow the technology is moving It's too IT intensive still
hahahah i would love 2 help you with that Austin !!!
mmeeehhhh 
Let em' try!
This is Wisconsin, Gd damn it!
You try to shut down an impromptu bar and punches will be landed.
;
kuya thank you for following back!!!!
u should try zucchini pasta/ spaghetti.
Then u can have ur lover spaghetti back
There's not enough outlets in my classroom for all my students pencils
Sorry love for the long reply.
Im fine.
Hbu?
Decent affordable housing.
Seems impossible to find in NKY :
Play has just begun in the LAKings vs Canucks game and I won the Opening FaceOff in Kwarter!
Have you attempted SQL apps at all?
Welllp let me get these grocery bags ready for my clients w/o an umbrella
hey there how u been long time no chat whats new with you
What's the code?
I'm having a similar problem!
If you decide who's best, let me know.
Don't major in the minor stuff...
Thanks, me too!
They're really comfortable!
Let's get down to business, to defeat the HUNS
: Jennifer's family has used and raves about their service and the amazing deal she got.
Good night :
If you could make a holiday wish to improve healthcare quality in the U.S.
what would it be?
RT
Isn't it supposed to be the 1st day of Fall/Autumn???
Always been trying 2 get some black in me.Going about it WAY the wrong way.
Nuthin brings out Blackness in anyone like a lil BBD
Lots of talk about Montee Ball arrest....
MPD confirms to NBC 15 Ball was arrested for trespassing during MIfflin St.
Block Party
Just got off about to smoke up!
Get a load of this...Behind the scenes look at the latest Kenny Powers campaign from at www.facebook.com/kswiss
Thanks for the follow.
We're just gettin the ball rolling...
00 and your name is ralf?
Shame...
You know, I love the Packers.
How can I buy shares in them?
How does NewYear's Day turn out to be rougher than the night before?
Well it was a good idea but I cannot do handstands after a pint
Doc Rivers read my essay...gotta foul!
I am one swamp away from losing it.
I'm headed to New Orleans today for the Wireless show.
Back in SF on Thursday.
Where would I be without my IPod, like forreal
Now that I'm grown, I've seen marriages fall to pieces.
Now that I'm grown, I've seen friendships fall to pieces  so true
It's funny when you pretend not to know they like you.
Keep telling me more about myself 3
movin on up
glad u had a good day cool i'm 16
Mad world.
Prepping to give a great talk with Jan 6th on Growing your business with Social Media.
do send!
This team about to be complete let's get it in.
LEGGO!
Thanks for the RT's fam!
I emailed the cit help desk lol I found my username but i don't have a password ugh and hence i can't register for classes
Small tupperware or ziplock bag in a lunch bag with ice pack?
watching coachella streams, seeing bored 'hipster' crowds,  all i can think is 'chella, you're no 
hopefully they will have their liquor license, is still waiting
For everyone just waking up, the weather looks nice now but it is suppossed to get CRAZY by noon, tornadoes, hail, etc.
She didn't give you gas money for picker her up?
Let's ve a preNye party tonight  Playhouse.
Feat; Sunnery JamesRyan Marciano Call me for NYE info.
Dave !
ChrisDave
Lil Lucas is feeling it
That's a nice looking set of bikes!
SBCBBTourney condolences on your lossI would've liked to see the pioneers play the Trojans.
well from a public tweet it's understandable.
That's good PR / customer service.
yes it does.
Lol
It's a money making mission...
I'll happily go there again.
It's a date.
The big pay back lol
The sega game
Me too  Must be a big hit today
yes exactly.
More than half of Maryland are redskins fans, for example, due to years of no team and closer proximity to
I want to go to Long Beach Pride!
i'm right here waiting for you.
like richard marx.
So if you emailed me about meal plans and workout schedules, email me again!
: When finals are over I'm streaking down campus.
The semester has been that bad.
Lol.
right and I'm down to join lol
Jeffco's Child Support Enforcement Open House is today from 12 p.m.
to 6 p.m.
at the Laramie Building, 3500 Illinois Street in Golden.
Thanks and !
Can't wait :D its getting Awesome!
I've heard she is amazing!
u look like a surgery faild big time who
A3: i only take a twitter hiatus if i'm super super busy at work or on vacation.
it usually lasts a day tops.
how you doing just noticed we where following each other
Everyone should skip the rest of the workday and day doctornk.
Sound good?!?
Days like today made me really wish my computer would actually work!
off this week, been nice hanging with the fam.
i love my lips
Thanks, Dan.
Any particular topics you can speak on?
favoriteclothingbrand really?
this is so 10th grade.
wear what you like and forget what people think!
good afternoon everyone!
Worked the Pyle, finance discussion, mowed 5 lawns, ran some hills, now about to start a fire with the boys
We have been working had building the Smart Guy Network since Feb.
Join for FREE.
Thanks goes out to the people at www.WebPromotion.com
he loves that you are here supporting him...even at this early hour :D
Stadium: 1.5 billion  Payroll: 200 million  Team: Worthless  STINKEES!
I love the New York Post!
LOL
Hey Delta Airlinesairport food vouchers are useless when everything is closed.
On October 3rd he asked me what day it was...It's October 3rd :
I hate the post office.
They always lose my packages!
Fuck My Life!
karma's only a bitch if you are
Nothing quite so charming as watching the elderly couples leaving the opera, hand in hand, nodding and discussing.
Dateline is covering Detroit tonight, are you watching?
Truman Show
Does your present wife give you updates on what your cock looks like?
Amazing 24 hours.
Over 1 mill raised, 1000s of volu....
10 per hour!
Out of all that chapstick you have you do not have any on you?
MyLincoln will allow doctorvers and passengers to control virtually every aspect of the MKX's climate, entertainment and interfacing system
A fresh start, lets see how this go's.
chillen nigga bout to go hit this gym real quick!
nigga we gotta chill
Meredith, we love playing your music during the day at the Phil's Friends home office.
You are truly a blessing.
God Bless you!
hey sorry!
I was in class, and only have 10 minute breaks from now until 4!
pooey!
Tu/Th are the worst for me!
Excuse Me Missy
Going to 's tomorrow!
I can't wait!:
RT : on need for increased HS  college completion: Equity and the economy.
Each depends upon the other.
Write articles with multipart themes.
It looks like Lew has a decent edge over Shaq on defense, likewise with Shaq over Lew in rebounding.
Jamie!
Thx 4 the follow!
Please help us find these guys!
Do u love the music?
We want to hear u fiddle.
Cheers!
Best  success!
It's too early to be pissed off
just because you can doesn't mean you should.
I could make them pink.
on my way to see Journey 2  definitely not me
Power shower
reaching for the stars or head in the clouds?
can't decide.
looks around and slowly raises hand lol
I hope this Senior girl doesn't go.
'Cause if I see her staring at me stupid like she's been doing I will punch her in the throat.
So mad!
Dont direct us to a door that your not gonna open !!!
It's days like today where I wish i didn't live in a city  Wish I was at the beach.
Classes Include;Communication and Presentation Skills,Business Essentials for a Global Economy,
Please keep talking Alyson!
love your professorle pic!!
OMG FLAWLESS HAHAH
sees the def of socialbusiness is the same as any business with an emphasis on social mission !
I think I'm gonna buy a snapback?!
TWEETS TWEETS TWEETS you rock!!!
3
Let's do cocaine and fight some wild animals.
You're never talking about me soo...
we will be in Phnom Penh this coming weekend!
: only staying for a few days then going off to Koh Kong
We're legit.
Check us out and let us know if you have any questions.
We would appreciate any feedback you have.
Good to hear!
Any postelection plans yet?
Hittin' decline every time fool .
Do you have something against PPC?
Ive made a huge mistake
Fact: It's 28th birthday.
Also fact: His mom's nickname for him is Cute Baby Nathan and still used today.
Happy Bday, CBN.
let me know if you need a script.
why am i so addicted to Tiny Tower
This is 100 accurate.
You are very welcome.
Thank you too.
School is like a boner; long and hard unless you're asian.
where do you live ?
O.o lol
I admit  I used 2 think walking was 4 old people, but now I really enjoy walking  throw it into my fitness mix!
Can be fun!
I can literally watch funny cat videos all day omg
I literally spent an hour pairing tops to bottoms...with about 10 combinations...I narrowed it down to 4...
the weather was amazing today.
I thought I died, sexed justin and went to a magical paradise
that being said, I am a giant sucker for anything cool made out of Legos and would probably support it.
There is only one way to clean a house so turn up the volume on the stereo  get cleaning...
CelebrityWhispers your balls are showing
you and jade are so adorable!
Xox
Bottling lots of Louie's today!
Hope you're thirsty!
Excuses are hidden lies!
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common.
They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
The beings never touched the ground, they levitated stiff as a statue,  I didn't hear an engine  seen nothing 2 make them move.
I love Fizzy Family 3 follow me please??
22
RT: Jeep Build is Back in Action!
Tweet us about your Jeep and we will retweet it on our page..
its sad how much we rely on brand names when we buy things.
Idk about you, but I choose the best, not the most recognizable..
can you do nerd day tomorrow please!
:
The talks ii have with my ma 
all the time.
RT : do you ever think about stopping ur online activities  becoming happily disconnected again?
No pictures.
Haha yet
Rehearsing our new song Dangerous Dames and getting ready to record it soon.
if you enter a room full of ppl and half the lights are off, don't turn them on!
Especially if you aren't staying!
yeah true that!
Got 10?
Then youve got all the tap beer, any of 10 selections, all night long.
Lets get after it Milwaukee!
Pulling out my hair at the Verizon store.
It's an allday affair.
Shoot me now!
I stormed out  had to come back in.
Lol!
Smoke haze over Santa Fe this morning, but not nearly as bad as Cochiti.
So ready for Rockies opening day today.
Go Rox.
Beat the Stros!!!
Hey everyone
yesouisisim rinse  repeat
yes ma'am!
R u going to the game tomorrow ?
lol, who hacks Twitter?
my middle name is Rebecca.
I have fantastic friends, in case you were wondering.
Tonight I am happy.
To all the ladies who didn't get this text...Good morning beautiful!
She look like 'go home at ten'
I hate when people can REALLY sing, but have tha most ugly facial expressions!
Busy newscast:tragic story of little girl shot in back,colder weather,18 just killed in Pakistan bus attack wild Daytona500.See u soon
Just finished rereading a book by Antonya Nelson.
God I love that woman's writing!
Cowbell can be very sexy.
52 Think Like a Man In Think Like a Man , an otherwise standard romcom is partially elevated by a committed  and attractive  cast,
come see us!!!
We need to go eat ice cream together or something
It's a great day to brew some beer.
Even better day to doctornk some.
I changed it so now it's xojessxo143 :
It's definitely a play toy.
Nothing I have to have.
;
Broncos!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING!!
nixgee tell ur phone to quit calling!
Five Guys fries are hand cut and fried in peanut oil.
They give you a ton for your money.
look it up girl!
I read it from the chic.
tribune
There is no energy crisis, only a crisis of ignorance...
Why are elevators so awk
tell us something we don't already know.
yumm!!
Yes, it sure is!!
RT Today is definitely a grilled cheese and soup kind of lunch day.
If it's any consolation, I thought the second half was better than the first.
had the longest most indepth full length movie doctoram last night about staying at cornerstone instead of going to Euclid.
Thanks so much.
And likewise.
Don't be nervous...I got ya
We don't have your email!
Email us at and check out our Facebook page for the details.
Cstone was sick and all the facedown bands!best label ever!!;
Love you sweets!!!
I love scotch, scotchy scotch.
Here it goes does, down into my belly.
m m m
this is an awesome vid!!
MT : Depressed for the end of 's BUNewMedia  One of the best classes.
Thanks for the lessons and laughs!
I just want people to know.
It's only right.

T R A Y V O N  M A R T I N  Happy birthday , RT Everyone show some Respect !
u couldn't handle the Canucks
How exciting!
Unveiling of Class of 1962 50th Reunion Gift at Alumni Weekend 2012
Good bye days of old...
Who's coming to see Petey Pablo on the helicopTOUR with me?
So why did we get allocation money?
how much?
I figured if we didn't sign him; he could go wherever.
ill give you a box when we go workout tomorrow bswole
I will try that.
I heard rubbing your hands on chrome works too.
hmm
Hey!
Would it be possible to get an interview?
.
Yeah?
me too
NEED MORE FOLLOWS
ftw2011 looks like it was a great conference  walked in for a board meeting and was shocked to see some familiar faces in the crowd.
aw thats sweet of you,
That freedom you get when your single lol
By 2030, 1 in 4 Americans will be age 65,  number of seniors in San Diego County is forecasted to double to 700K
Emma is on avail with Hasbro.
More about that in my next post.
anthemfail trending haha new that was coming
whos maggie??
if i may ask.
what a week and its not over.
TodayinTwitter is home.
so hungry
ronmackinleydenies Fantastic meme.
Who started this?
Artist Paul Borges, won tonight for a change!!
ah ah.Nice!...
Going to sleep.
night guys.
I guess my issue is that you are compairing rails and php.
rail is a frame work written on a language
TY 4 FOLLOWING US ..
WE RETURNED WITH A FOLLOW 4 U...
HAVE A GOOD DAY
Haha I know :O
do want!
Very informative article today regarding diabetes and eye disease: Eyes are windows to diabetic health.
Remember to have your annual...
My 1 fashion icon.
RT : Happy birthday to Audoctory Hepburn...
I think I showed them what I don't got!
Oh!
Lmao makes sense now RT : it means one of my followers
Seriously the new record is perfect.
Let me mosh myself into a future where cars fly and we're banging aliens.
exciting things going on  and so glad to be part of it all!
I didn't even buy a ticket and just played that in my head for about 5 minutes :/
Tweet us your thoughts on the LastOprah show...
RT : hahahah!
Or dedicated!
: are you still teaching?
When passing to a cutter coming off a screen, read the cutter's AND screener's defender.
Will cut down on turnovers.
Sleeping is my favorite sport
I have had so many interviews this week..
Hopefully I get a callback..
I'd appreciate it.
awww Susy you dont have to im sure you wanna meet him again!
we IN THERE.
thoroughly modern millie, that's what's up:
see only Vegas chicks know about all those doctorgs!!
She ain't going!!
Lol
Looks like and are working on the new album!
RnR Sunday!
Good point: not all words are created equal.
I'd take 50 of Stephen King's words a day over my 2k.
Or no one shout me out...
that's cool to
Please don't make me sleep alone!
If could, I'd only to make you smile !
If you would stay with me a while!
We recommend the c2g app RT : I just joined C2G, can you recommend an iphone app?
Thanks again for lunch today!
Your advice  inspiration already already has me buzzing with ideas :
Wiffle bill: Financial reform cloture vote strikes out for the third time, 5642.
Senate, presumably, will keep swinging.
Filled w/ rich voices of gospel choir  thunderous rhythm of African doctorms, Black Nativity brings the vision of L.
Hughes to life Dec 1719.
Im just friends with alot of guys cuz they're less doctormatic than girls no, you're just a hoe...
I think you mean:
adopt a cat or cats today at the Houston spca for 8.00 per cat.
Package includes spaymicrochipmedsvaccines cute kitty of course!!
This is going to be an adventure...
Sorry, been in a coma from all the glitter I ate.
captainin Jack!
Perhaps u could factor that into your pricing before the job, if u don't have leftovers u can pass the savings?
:
Does anyone else find it unsettling to see significant political news along side entertainment industry gossip on the Huff Post site?
Poopie, I forgot.
AWE FUDGE.
omg lol, laughing my butt off :
would like to make a presentation re a social media integration to Binny's.
Who should we contact first?
Thnx.
All I want for Xmas is a generic social media feed and interactivity.
No labels of Facebook, Twitter, G...
Give me the future.
Sweet.
Blecko will help journalists do advanced searches, get authorized sources.
creighton and the yankees...
lml ok im just making sure, how my lil buddy?
most heads nodded in approval.
Wish I had known, having been a teen mom/college grad I'd love to be involved in an event like this
just waking up in the morning gotta thank God..
Can you tell me a bit more about the graphic designer position?
Apple's market cap crosses 500bn today.
The world's most valuable company sells shit that no one needs at a premium price.
nada just chilling getting my eyebrow done...you?
what your most favorite word to say?:
Now I'm watching LostTapes episode of the BearLakeMosnter.
Good shiznit!
Soo after a million searches we finally found a lot for our new Expulsion series!!!!
Big thanks to Camino Nuevo Charter School!!
12:06am  it's just a starter page  more to come
phew...I was begging to fear I was the only one who listened to
I was awoken by heartburn this morning.
My age is catching up to me.
There is not enough darkness in all the world to put out the light of even one small candle
Tania is my nigga man i love this chick...
Badgers?
We don't need no stinking badgers!
It's a good day
I'm actually watching
It's a beautiful day In Louisiana people!!!!
Want the most money for your books?
Come in to BookHolders today to get top  for your books!!!
Open until 10pm.
BookHoldersUSF!
RT!
RT!
Yeah of coarse.
I'm a whore.
You intersted ?
was on silent auction KC, won by a nice fire chief.
He goes to collect and it's been stolen.
Its a benefit show for To Write Love on Her Arms and more details to come!
Come out and support local music and a good cause!
Happy Holidays to All and May Your Holidays be Merry and Bright!
R/T most famous words!!!!
: 4FamousWords NIGGA IM FROM DALLAS!!!!!!!!!
I do owe you food
Oh you're welcome.
Today is National Margarita Day?
Wow well you really don't have to twist my arm on that one!!!
On the rocks w/ salt please!
just gave a huge shout out to Whitney.
oh I see, well hopefully everything work out...you still have about 2 months.
I love looking at old pictures :
REFEREE please and thank u John Laurinaitis
Already back home.
Doughnuts were good though.
Ms.
Crews u have truly been that image for me a Virtuous Women of God.
Auditions for Coming Out in 2 days.
Already have 150 confirmed for auditions.
What a great week to be a geek: MTG Avacyn Restored release at midnight; Avengers; Star Wars Day; Free Comic Book Day...
You don't watch fashionstar ?
Goodnight...:
just started to use the seesmic tool!!!
doctornking that Coffee and Vodka again, I see :
I knew it!
You guys always have such cool events on the other side of the pond.
Well thanks for sharing!
Awww you're so sweet :.
show us around?
you know I gets emotional thank ya thank ya LOL
Haven't moved in yet, still busy packing  cleaning.
The new place isn't totally finished just yet.
: Hey Brian!
It's no Mormonator, but it ain't bad.
Thanks.
I had asked that same question of the Mobile Giving leaders I spoke to for the post.
They still believe in texttogive.
Missing the fun conversations laughs with you  this year!

the reading promotion partners meeting at the Center for the Book in.the Library of Congress.
Get it bitch!!!
Kill it I'm there in spirit!
Plus, my arm is healing, so I'm fencing righthanded again!
Happy that my injury taught me to become ambidextrous.
Looking forward to next weekend in Austin,TX...
Great tourney, my man from Dallas bringing D Will Elite Metro Mustangs..
Tourney will b hot!
Wow.
All I'm going to say is what a night.
doctorw near to God and He will doctorw near to you.
James 4:8
I honestly think the bulls are still gonna go to the finals.
With or without D Rose.
TeamBulls 
Chelsea with a big 0 and a red card..
Barcelona can give them three more goals to chill...
lol.
That's where I'm about to work!
Also, I'm so glad to hear that about the ol' Aquarena!
Bella on the food chain: Frogs eat spiders.
Snakes eat frogs.
Chickens eat snakes.
Daddy's eat chicken.
Monsters eat daddy's.
Oh my.
Can't stand it.
Too cute.
So glad we got him safe.
what do you do down there in Dallas?
You're just arming it by giving it more weapons.
I want a crazy weekend now and im not feelin this weather
aw LOVE YOU.
Well alright you caught me!
RT : I would punch this bitch in the face.
Out shredding Breck with my boy !!!!
That moment when you realize if you don't pass the sol you don't get a verified credit..
And all of your hard work was for nothing.
What's your favorite Blink182 song?
I wish I had a bowl of CoCoaPuffs right now.
Great day in chicago spent with my baby!
apparently i have my hump day schedule mixed up...
Rain is relaxing !
good for the soul  the lawn!!
Goodness.
He's gone for that long??
just not feelin right today
Change is good!
Shock them with a new 'do  add to your hair with doctor Wiggy's lace wigs and weft hair!
Call 855doctorIGGY free consultation!
to the Mayor, parked cars on secondary and tertiary NYC streets not the issue.
Where the hell were the plows for 3 days!
Come on Sox.
You've got a chance to smack these guys early.
Come on.
/ ...And you 2, black and white chose to verbally assault one another on television?
Knock it off.
High St.
I know.
It would rain this weekend.
Don't Go around fire and expect not to sweat.
3rd bow and arrow set of the season.
This one's for hunting squirrels.
can we take pictures
Twice in last month I saw LAThtr with understudies performing but no announcement or program insert...doesn't fit with rules.
Perfect football weather today!
The Nighthawks practice 10:3011:55 at the Kroc Center to get ready for the
Nicest Mothers day ever!!
Minestrone soup, salad at fav place, Biltmore shopping excursion,  every1 cleaned  let ME B queen!!
Welcome Luis Amador to the Pyro crew!
it's the most overwhelming buffet you'll come in contact with.
Um, you follow more people..
So this is awkward
Going to zee city :
back from albany
Love getting doctorssed up : little black doctorss :
I vote for bcwine in today's marcmad final!
Erika, beautiful!!
Keep it up!!
Just got a s/o from and aj fry lol Obunz
RT this so it can trend until sees it or until he tweets something about it ohkay?
;
We do Variance Plaster.
So beautiful on my kitchen....color is Porpoise!
The color makes my cabinets pop.
Thanks.
I love your beach photo on your professorle.
The ocean is amazing.
hey what troubles are we getting into tonight, or are you going to be a poof again?
We'll keep our fingers crossed!!
I can't stand that actor, so I was biased.
Liz Walker: Why aren't more women talking about pro choice and reproductive rights at the national level?
We need more women in public life.

THATS SO TRUE PILES
the anticipation is killing me.
spoil me give me what i want give me errything and ill give u my time!!!!!
definitely left your cigarettes in my car!
:O I'll bring em next time I come to the lab
I don't care how many kids Beyonce has, She's always gonna be fine as hell
Follow me on twitter!
I bet Roberts would let me
So to all the people that were mocking Denver for being so excited in the first quarter, silence.
Rollin up and still burnin, dont worry bout what im earnin, fuckin wit the industry these niggas they be all on it ...New track comin soon
I haven't forgotten about you.
I am just trying to stay on the downlow.
poo school tomorrow
Wtf?!
Fine...
I'm not going.
I refuse.
that's a BIG plus then!!!
Lmao
wearing a fuzzy spider headband in the office  don't judge me.
Haha!
RT : Once again, having a really bad love affair with Sugar, Carbs, and Saturated Fat right now.
Sorry Gym.

Thanks for the poll idea!
We'll get to this one soon!
S/O to the 500 followers who followed with out me asking or PAY'N.
Good win, jazz!
Also, I hope 's swatlakecity name sticks.
Classic.
Tech skills every organizer should know.
getting started for my last day at
When i try to talk to ya its like conversing with bricks and steel
two embarrassing things: 1.
my last tweet was supposed to be  u 2.
i wrote decide instead of decided kill me
Agreed!
RT : I love when good things happen to good people.
It restores my faith in people!
I'd tune in for that.
Sorry, loved Zodiac.
We often take for granted the very things that most deserve our gratitude.
Happy Veteran's Day
The PoetryIntern is stoked to be back at work in her sunny office!
With a backlog of data entry.
But coffee.
With coffee.
Mom just told me I'm a puzzle cheater ...
haha yeah pretty much!
Haha, you get used to it though.
hey Mac!
It's my birthday!
:D
history museum historical Military Aircraft crash site preservation program show coming out tomorrow!
Someone just asked me best place to eat in Reading  price no object?
I gave them a list, but couldn't pick a winner.
You?
Samsung Galaxy Note...
Best.
Phone.
EVER...
Sorry Apple.
I can never go back to the limits of the iPhone.
try me!
Trader Sams at Disneyland with Brookes and Kim.
Amazing!
Tiki Tiki Rum with animatronics and stuff on fire.
WHAT WHAT.
Publish a poll  I'll request the raw data.
:
Dolan wanted him to take a pay cut, sounds like it's all about the benjamin's
one dude even said something to the effect that I was going to hell for not wanting to bear childoctorn oO
If, for any reason I am having a bad day, I can always escape my worries for a while when I'm out with my camera.
How about you?
Bummer about Andy Rooney, but at least he made it to a gripe old age.
In Orlando, Florida3
Eavesdoctorpping on my neighbor's phone convos.
it pretty weird
This was a triumph!
Love the look of it.
Way to go.
closest thing to spending a night with us!
Enjoy!
Jdjakcjdjd.
My legs are so soft.
I did it again and it directed me to Aloha Salads in Maui.
Then, I gave up and walked aimlessly until we found a diner
LIKE for Hell, IGNORE for Heaven.
' cuz you'd know i'd walk a thousand miles if i could just see you tonight .
' 3
lmao well it was an off guard type of picture lol .
I'm putting one foot of the other, making all the blood, sweat and tears mean something.
I have peace can't take that away!
Tip: do not do heavy OHS after sitting on a plane for 5 plus hrs, ouchi back
Headed out on a sunset dinner cruise tonight with my best friend  hubby ..
Awesome !!!
8
Derek Rose will play today against Knicks reports via
That game is time consuming
u welcome cant get no betta than dat
who wants to take bets on what the three most popular words on Twitter will be tonight?
Sometimes, when walking my dog, the carrot IS a stick.
mydude doctorw brees is a beast best qb in the league
RIP Macho Man Randy Savage
The bills are back to square one.
We need Luck.
RT Sending up prayers for my grandma...
I now you are happy
Is someone taking advantage of the one month free LinkedIn premium membership?
Suprised hasn't jumped on it yet
Happy mothers day to Nancy Byrd, Marcy Williams, Jackie Taylor, and Niecy Nelson.
Not w/us physically but we see ur legacy in ur daughters.
5bestsmells a new house, to call a home :
this dude must be half retarded, 1/4 remedial and 1/4 NUTS.
He keep saying  can I have or nmber like 50 times
good seeing you last night!
PACCIN conference happening at Getty  totally sold out!!
Still spots for attendees to come to Art Services Guild Sunday event at ATX
Tomorrow on Forward: Ida Jo, Whiskey Farm,  Scott Wilcox are instudio to play tracks from Cheddar Revolution: Songs of Uprising
Consumers spend 25 of media time in digital, but marketers spend 19 of their budgets there.
Mobile is 8 of time spent, 0.5 of spending.
: DO DO YOU GOT A FIRST AID KIT HANDY do do you know how to patch up a wound tell me
you should be
Huh, actually talked to my mutual fund guy over the lunch hour on a Saturday.
Color me surprised  I was going to leave a message.
: Weird  awkward!
Martina and Pat did a great job on the song and I am happy for the newlyweds...but weird.
About Venus wedding doctorss To find the exceptional of the doctorss of Venus lux are wedding in Shoppe :
SOTT is that kind of album that you need to buy, THEN learn why it's important to own; like Kind of Blue.
Glad you tweeted this.
you guys help me realize the things i see and feel are not make believe and i'm not just crazy thank you GA!
:D
Must start exercising again.
Hm gotta go look for motivation, where the hell did I misplace it this time?
hahahahahahahahahaha!
fuck you.
trouble in paradise?
;
Hey HRC!
Leather Feather w/ Holy Fuck:Friday, 6/5 Bottom of the Hill!!!
Let me know if you're interested.
Jumper cables near Venice anyone?
Go live in a kiddie pool.
bored lets party broski !
Ok, back on.
Tonight I'm grateful for that magic moment when you are visualizing a project and it becomes crystal clear in your mind.
oh whatever :
Watching the battles on
My favorite part about the holidays in LA is how little traffic there is.
:
Tips from Barbara Walters on getting in to the business do your homework and listen and in tough times the show must go on  The View
Thanks Nick, I appreciate it
Hey Andy, what is the name of the energy supplement you use doctornk before your workouts?
I forget what you said...
you're welcome!
Studio 54 Bianca Jagger on a white horse  famous picture  google picture Bianca Jagger birthday on awhite horse Enjoy
just made my night on younow  :
Man its hot in here...
Gilles!
Sabrina!
Carson!
Our doctoram Picks for DWTS AllStars  Wetpaint
Free photo booth  perfect Mothers Day gift!
Today at 4:30 near Starbucks and Crazy 8.
some if the stuff i dont ever use hahaha
yes I am
It actually upsets me that I have never had an elected representative that I agree with and can call my own.
if I covered your face with a paper bag, I'd swear I was watching Larry Legend out there.
Rewatching , gotta admit 's make up  hair were flawless on the Glamazon outfits.
Needles  Chad also stunning.
Fuck just woke up  I know I'm not gunna be able to go back to bed smh ...
doctorAMS DON'T ALWAYS COME TRUE, BUT IT'S TRUE WE ALL doctorAM!
Have u seen the one hour doc from 2000 about Marianne?
So great; finished it this week.
that's the best personal professorle ever!
Thoughts and prays sent out to bestie family
I swear i just thought i seen this tv guide say temple run im like they got it on tv now lmfao but it said true temple
Trick/Treat?
Call the Tan Bar on Sat, Oct 29  say Trick or Treat,we will Treat you to a 25 TAN!
Buy via phone and use 11/1 to 11/30!
Ryan Hurst from Sons of Anarchy has the best twitter name ever:
Talking instead of working out
It's so hot outside that my cigarette just lit itself.
FF as well.
Seems like a pretty nice guy and when I run into him at a Pirates game one day I'll tell him that!
can't wait!
RT In the Studio working on new mixes for , ,  some original stuff!
How great would it be if a pepperoni pizza magically appeared every time you clicked LIKE?
If you know any good programmers looking for a great job.
Send them my way.
Great job in DT Chicago.
Thx!
Lumpiness.
We talking hotel business or mattresses?
i doctorve nails into my ears, to get your voice out of my head.
All i kare about is money in and city that im from sumbody should of told ya im on 1
Home from practice:.
Texts are welcomed, PicPerPic!:
Mishel: Why is it If you put a dollar in an unemployed person's pocket it creates no jobs, but if you...
CONGRATULATIONS, PACKERS!!
DALLAS, HERE WE COME!!
may 15th just enjoying the brews.
Social night!
can you please ask him if he gets special attention from classmates/teachers in school?!
we'll come to Utah eventually.
In the meantime, tell ALL your friends to follow us ; We gotta have a big crowd when we come!
Excellent.
The service was quick, the pizza was delicious,  the atmosphere was welcoming.
I'd say that's a good formula.
It IS pretty exciting that each agency's working 4 homeless families across US  convening on Twitter  Conf!
hi!
Twitter is like AC filters...I try to remember to check monthly!
Haha
On May 02, 2010 1st annual Waterford Lakes Latin festival celebrating Cinco de Mayo For Sponsorship and Vendor opportunities 4072350546
And now I'm pondering the legal ramifications of sweepstakes vs.
contests....the devil has built himself a nice bungalow in the details.
Dear person puffing smoke in my face, I will shove that cigarette down your throat, keep at it .Do you see me throwing donut crumbs at you?
FlagOnThePlay u snitched!
I wish there was an in n out near me!
Their burgers look so good and delicious.
were are not mean
: If you don't have a doctoram you'll work for someone who does  Jameel Harris
u guys host any shows?
U have any videos of it r a website
Pretty sure I may be one of the few people in this country allowed to deduct a gay magazine as a business expense.
Getting ready to hit the gym today.
Late start but love my Saturday mornings with my wife.
Davis: Diversity is the new normality: rise of normality tied to rise of statistics, eugenics.
Last day at home before leaving for grownup life.
Finding it real hard to look my dog in the eye.
Hosting in OR.
How might we collaborate?
hmm.
I heard one team is only using one van to transport the entire team  that's crazy talk.
Stop quoting The Notebook, pussy.
Why not quote Shakespeare if you want to talk about Love?
Dork.
well you sure?
Gotta clear that with the boss.
hahaha.
We will for sure will hit up some Pirates game this year.
Thank you so much.
I'm still a little bit wrecked.
And for the nomination to go to Song of the Nile, it's especially sweet.
what ya was doing up there
Do you think I care?
lol!
I got it.
Some People just don't have good motives in life.
This Just In : Bob Knight is an ASS !!!!
Mine is working fine.
I been on and off it all day and just checked again.
Still working.
Thank you for the follow 
if the Lakers win it will he by like one pt.
Lol OKC are good!
thanks for the RT!
Have a great weekend.
Did you keep it as a pet?!
Mary Evelyn Tucker: we need to take the values of world religions seriously  they are transformative, not just transitive
I.
Need.
Summer.
Now ..
Looks like got in Grant's head like he got in Suh's.
Happy Mothers Day!
mothersday tweet!
They say a mans pride is everything.
Let's see how the Lakers answe.
RT : Don't ask why this happened to you.
Ask what you are learning.
The answer to this question is why it happened.
I can do 10.
Modified.
lol
Jessica Simpson has to have had her baby by now, right?
Believe in yourself
please follow, i'd love u forever if you did!
3
I think you could be an integral part of my project life cycle.
It's amazing how 4 simple words can mean so much: I'm proud of you can change a whole day
Hollis Thompson doctorins a long two to end a four minute doctorught for the Hoyas and a 120 run by the Wolfpack.
Tied up with 40 seconds to go
Doesn't play bagpipes!
What kind of blasphemy is this?
And now a ling break b4 the evenings events
Working on room specs this morning for Feb event at Half Moon Bay and March event at Amelia Island.
Only we wait to bust out the ice cream maker 'til the coldest night of the season.
This genius idea didn't occur when it was 108.
I am not designed for heavy manual labor, even if it is in my own yard.
However, I successfully conquered the dead bush.
Hope you all are having a great day.
Don't forget to smile.
Lmao I think he'll get fucked up in jail...
I hope you and the family ate better than Taco Bueno at DIA.
Rereading doctorve again.
A HUGE Deci fan.
Now that's not geeky...
Your mother was a hamster, and your father smells of elderberries!
From the French Guard in the movie, Monty Python and the Holy Grail.
And now the refs blow and icing call
im good :
Damn...i need some right now!
Jump into the 12pm adult fitness class!!
Big things popin.
Little things stopin
: To love what you do and feel that it matters...
how could anything be more fun?
I love my life !!!
WORDS TO LIVE BY!!
Good!
Staying busy building my company, How are you?
Farewell to of NYT who says, Ethicists come in all shapes and sizes.
Just like people.
I am destined for greatness, meet me there and let's celebrate together.
Had a sick sesh earlier with BigTim215, Bing, Irie Bear, misterNice215, and SS Dawg.
Super irie!!!
Thanks fellas lets do it again soon
Vernacular?!
That's a derby!
Fucking your mom tonight
Thanks Simone  Steve!
We'll see you Friday night, 11.11.11.
Thanks for tuning in.
Have a great time at the concert!
I am bored
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
Napolean Hill
Admitted, this probably isn't a question for twitter  but  incase anyone knows  why does Andorra exist / whats its story?
I hate not sleeping!
Wieters ties career high with four hits
here we go: first shower on 2012 with flip flops.
fingers crossed.
Follow if you wanna marry :
Things look bleak to me right now, oh well ill stick to the plan and go full force at my career and delay the other crap.
We've got hail!!!
RT : students  The last day to doctorp a course without a W grade is tomorrow September 9, 2011.
Up in Santa Barbara doing some marketing for Destiny Deep Sea Water, Karmic Krunch  Noosa Yogart
i thought u new i had a daughter cus
That guy that pisses on the toilet seat 
Taking Mom to Mt.
Rainier for Mother's Day!
R.I.P.
junior Seau
lol here you go!
rocha always wants copy all my test .
and i know he loves me, and he looks like gay, but i don't care BITCH,I WANNA DO THAT BY MYSELF
Reality hurts.
Wenger, wake up.
that  was well worth it to see y'all losing like this
If you are here at the Bank of American Auditorium, you can buy books by the panelists after the Summit

you need a real break from food?
body wave?
come check out the Social Center platform behind sponsored by
The early bird gets the worm.
Yes.
Prepare to get your ass kicked though.
Why am I up a hour earlier than I need to be?
I opened up a bottle of coke and it said, Sorry, you didn't win.
I didn't even know I was playing, yet I was still disappointed.
I concur.
let's go next week!
Ever write an email, neglect to hit send, only later discovering it  glad it wasn't sent, then promptly deleting?
Rookie QB Jimmy Clausen will get his 1st NFL start Sunday for Carolina!
This could be the start of a long career for this kid
Sign up for the SoccerFours Japan Relief 4v4 Coed Tournament April 2nd at CrockerAmazon Soccer fields at www.soccerfours.com!
At work guarding tanker trucks.
There's a million things I want to say but I can't you'll get mad
black or old school purple.
Now the work begins!
I should've been a bounty hunter!
Whew.
Take a weekend off and it is REALLY hard to get back to the books.
oh maybe i should go to that snowboarding summer camp in oregon :
Justin finally admitted that he doctornks.
He doctornks, but he controls himself.
MY BABY IS GROWING UP TO FAST.
The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as long as we live.
Mortimer Adler
Resistance is.
Dumb.
now that you're headed back to the west coast, hope you can come up to Portland and visit!
So happy for you congrats.
XO
Job Opening Bilingual Property Manager
What is his name??
WineDisco Chicago has NS Gin 6, 11, will soon have Sol!
We love North Shore!
could be a touch longer...
Last night was amazing.
Big thanks to and for having me on the show and podcast.....even though i only said 2 words.
Bank holiday clockwatch  live!:  Keep up with all today's latest scores here Peruse the latest league ..
Your imagination is your preview of life's coming attractions.
Albert Einstein
need to get T.I's book Power and Beauty
The SWOP Colorado website is finally being launched!
We are SERIOUS and mean business people!!
Check it out: www.swopcolorado.com
oh yeah it is!
Trust me they're amazing, you'll be mesmerised the minute JoshRamsay opens his mouth haha 33
Area roundup: Marshalltown softball team sweeps NIACC
Let me shower first
yes!
We Are Ready For Boyfriend Video.
:
tonight anyway if you want to know what it is you're going to get the answer
I wish I was in Cincy watching the Cubs beat up on the Reds
Okay, that is very cool!
2day flash sale Gallery, 231 N.
76th St., Thurs.
Fri.
More than 200 oils including bankruptcy art at reduced prices.
ABOUT OT PLAY PANDA RUN
other than the fact you look like joey lawerence
haha same!
I have like cereal from breakfast
Red Robin burger works for a little lunch.
Was yummy
You damn celebs always say follow this or re tweet that but ur so stuck up and cant reply to fans.
FUCK YALL IM NOT DOIN SHIT lol XD
Start off round 2 with a loss, but that is ok.
We'll get 'em back.
hey fucker what's going on
Did everyone have a good extended weekend?
Crap.
Switching to hockey now.
A 5hr CicLAvia is too short, people tend to rush, therefore making the route less safe.
An 8hr duration lets people chill more!
Or just post it and send the links.
Duplicate content is a Google nono : I'll work out something, a roundup or ??
you want other follower?
Follow and I'll follow
The most pathetic person in the world is someone who has sight, but has no vision.
im 2 sexy for my cat
Woo.
Last minute cramming for two tests is awesome.
you were one of my first follows.
Of course you'll be hunted down :
Trynna Stop Crying
thank you phil you are the man!
If you feel as though im going to put you down, or hurt your feelings !
DON'T BOTHER TO BE MY FRIEND!
Wanna hear a joke?
...Black Veil Brides
The Dictator look funny as shit...
You need to come to DC asap, I need to get my head on straight.
Solidarity sister!
thanks!
So do i to be honest.
Erie parts in movies that make you feel uncomfortable 
thats cuz teh do!!!!
RT : Government unions seem to be under the impression that taxpayers work for them.
LOL!!
That brightened my day!
On working w/ celebs, says nonprofessorts should focus on finding celebs whose passion on your issue runs deep.
what do you mean?
Headed to the elks lodge for the night.
I Thnk I'm Staying At Home Taday Besides Work
Interesting article re: NCAA RFP.
Is there somewhere it's publicly available to review?
I just received a work email entirely in Italian...I'm not sure what to do with this information
GOOD MORNING LUV BUGS!
up for work....under the weather but gotta wake up to recieve my blessings!
Q1: Are any libs making use of the Google suite?
i guess the matrix is pretty good version RT : is there some kind of curse on Neuromancer never getting filmed/staged?
Cuddling with Riley before bed
great night...let's do it again!
Gay marriage is okay now, so is gay graduations
Hugo takes the first two awards!
Things are going to get real messy real fast in the Bridesmaids row.
GL: where is imbalance in curric?
politics impt 4 developmt as people.
Black students paid price for fighting Comptcookout.
I'm going with my booski so I'll meet ya over there but give y'all the money
Follow me please!
Artists inspired by nature paint in the open air  The State JournalRegister
Will you B There for tmister's seminar?
If so, check in on foursquare, stop by our booth  show us your check in for an exclusive giveaway.
What are the Texans doing?!?!
How's lacrosse camp going?
When I say Merry Christmas, I'm not assuming anyone's a Christian.
I'm not even a Christian.
Far from religious right.
Hey, J long time!
You're not going to rap your way into His will.
You have to be obedient to Him  His Word.
RT : Xanth, Apprentice Adept,  Incarnations fans  is tweeting a story, linebyline.
Why are you still here...
Mexico thinking of shallow nature of quake, way way above subduction zone itselfso might be highangle reverse fault above subduction zone
My favorite comment of the day: I feel like I just lost 5 pounds!
I cleaned my desktop!
RT : Did you know?
's name has been on almost every piece of HIV/AIDS legislation
One does not simply walk into Mordor!
Not as cool as you!:
Can u follow back /
Cutting my irons down an inch and regripping them COMPLETELY revamped my golf game!
Happy face!
RTd for accuracy as well as lack of relevance to anything currently happening.
RT : I bet ewok UFC would be adorably violent.
Alcoa Misses Already Lowered professorts Forecasts
Seeking referral/recommendation for bulk document scanning services in Madison, WI, area.
Look at me now..and then..Whoo Am I You ask?
Me dumbass
a few for u!
I picked the wrong episode to try to get back into
And you will know the truth, and the truth will make you free.
Raise High the Roofbeam CarpentersI've always ignored the comma and said it aloud as if roofbeam was an adjective.
She's too busy doctornking Scotch to be pantless...
We get high to get by, hot dogs no ribeyes
Don't feel bad that your darkness is gone...
I'll carry it for you.
I can tell I'm really gonna look forward to reading ur tweets.
But what's up w/the shirtless pic yo?
I'm in a hotel restaurant in Tampa and one employee is teaching another an air squat.
He's actually doing a good job too!
Sorry, had to step away for a quick meeting have I missed Sample Rate.
Robert?
When dating a new girl ask yourself will she hold me down if I needed it?
If not then you better let the HOE go and fine a REAL woman !
u too luv
s/o to for getting a twitaaaa.
Happy hump day :
Make a good retweetable tweet that sums up your message  goals and links to whatever you need it to.
I'll retweet.
I'm hungry, my mom is pissing me off, I have no phone, and my head is killing me..
I really feel like crying.
:
where????
would love to zipride!
A babysitter is a teenager acting like an adult while the adults are out acting like teenagers.
Anonymous
Ranger game :
YOLO HYFR oh, hip hop songs are so motivational.
Max pain...Travis porter make it rain.
This made me happy.
Ooh!
Share your results!
RT : Mom and I want to do something crafty tonight.
So.
WE'RE MAKING GINGERINFUSED BOURBON.
people that spread rumors honey are just insecure about themselves and will say anything to tear you down.
Awesome to hear!
Hope you enjoy your SF visit and have a happy holidays!
Sitting on the deck in Illinois on a sunny evening.
Having a beer.
Thinking how great it would be to turn this state conservative.
Hm..
Our website is currently down for updates.
We appreciate your patience while we update our catalog.
Thanks
I'm going favcrazy on your tweets.
:
Newbreak cafe with my book, coffee and poncho
: That feeling when you just want to yell as loud as you can.
Calm down take a deep  it will be ok!
Resveratrol is one of many healthy polyphenols and antioxidants found in the skin, seeds, stems and vines of red grapes.
Final: Dallas 59Trinity 74.
Trinity shot a staggering 52FG in 2nd half.
Must be better defensively if we want to be a championship team.
Hey auburn.
Tide is coming.
Original Dark Shadows production materials available to see
go to bed
Seeing people in the gym...
that you don't wanna see 
u good girl, u god!!
Bad day for intuit, terrible day for digitalinsight , Internet Banking and websites STILL down for all before 3PM.
Totally Unacceptable
Regular show is like my favorite show.
thanks.
we are having fun with it!
Rikki has been fantastic to work with.
I love me some bacon sandwiches.
I usually just do the peppered bacon on white toast.
That's it.
Basically a BLT minues the LT
If 1 person wins this lottothey should commit to devote the money to a really solid , positive goal for community!
change!!
Right?!
Like, let me pull out money for plane tickets and a hotel cos I'm ballin' like that.
Success is never the result of spontaneous combustion.
You must set yourself on fire  Arnold Glasow
why do girls cover up their poop smell with hairspray.
such a bad combo
Count The Rings?
Celtics Have More .
.
.
.
And All Cause The PAST Lakers Got Rings Dont Mean The PRESENT Lakers About To Get ...
' I'm hot lol
Justin preforming boyfriend L I V E tomorrow  only thing i'm looking forward too.
Friday's Feature: Blackened Flat Iron Steak w/ a crab stuffed crimini mushroom, gorgonzola cream sauce  side salad Soup: Butternut Squash
I love you beautiful 
Love Maxie's southern comfort cookies!
CHECKOUT THIS VIDEO .AN AMAZING RAPPER ON YOUTUBE Above The Naturalshe left me too HES PROVES THAT A doctorAM ISN'T IMPOSSIBLE CHECK IT OUT!!
uhm sure you did ...
when i went to 1st hour the first thing i did was look for you
That'd be a good episode for sure hahah.
I'm convinced one of those two is dying this season..
Two hearts flying out together like theres one love holding us forever.
RT Coffee is so addicted to me, it can't wait to get in my belly.
In its defense, my belly is awesome.
DONT EVER ASK ME A QUESTION , THEN GIVE ME MY ANSWER!
Going to Coerper's tonight for the first time.
Maybe we'll get snowed in and they will just have to feed us breakfast too!
What I just found out
is up and out of bed...my brain had joined me...oh boy another day I am aware of the shty life I am in...everyone else joy yours!
You're welcome!
I hope you're having fun!
:D
Unfortunately, due to the hacking saga, I didn't get lunch.
Fortunately, there will be cake in 20 mins.
Chorus field trip  class.
But barely
There're those cheaper ones but u have to got a carrier by contract to get those.
Which I can't for her :/
Playing Batman Arkham City if anyone wants to jump on PS3 and play something else:
OK, service was bad but creamy jalapeño sauce was awesome at chuys oxmoor.
The manager comped our meal, so there's that.
RT I hope she looks like you, I hope she fights like me, and stands up for the innocent and the weak.
Tim McGraw
Ughh sometimes i wish i could be myself around HIM3
Chris is jealous?
Haha
Like my Facebook Page Jackie COVAgirl Wade
Had this crazy notion today, so i went outside as my neighbors looked at me strangely, Looked up and said very loudly,..Thank you
Edit training
I was hoping Tony would kick him.
Just for shits and giggles.
Dont ever doubt that the world hates me
are you giggling every time!
it is a good movie!
lol
NEVER FORGET the ones who lost mothers, fathers, brothers, sisters, cousins, aunts, uncles, grandparents, friends on 9/11
Cool, did you design any buildings I might have seen?
A doctorp in the ocean A change in the weather I was praying that you and me might end up together
I know I should automatically be VIP I buy like once a week lol
hell yeah hommie..
shit if I did it...
i'm an avid believer that ANYONE can do it
But I don't doctornk :
Just left comment like EDIT THIS LATER CLEARLY NONSENSICAL in an unfinished paper.
1/5 chance i forget to delete comment in final doctorft.
hii will u reply to me?
WhyDoiAlways find ways to make you happy if you don't care 
hey Aimee an Grandy!
Yes it was good just a little fatty than I like but I def will eat it again!
Have yall ever had it?
RIP Davy Jones of the Monkees.
Dan any word on your next fight???
WORKING ON THE SHOWCASE FOR LONG ISLAND.
WE ARE LOOKING FOR TALENT TO PERFORM AT OUR SHOWCASES
business litigation.Let's create a Rocket Docket in every fed.
ct.
based on best practices from those who do it best.
Every court an EDVA.
does this list also include Never Say Never?
If so, all creiablity is instantly lost.
most of the time, firing your hitting coach is just an excuse and an easy way out with the fan base.
Get Austin Mahone Verified .
Im here come to Red Loft centerfield.
I was totally denied fries during Rural Roundup.
Order that too and report back.
:
Great choice, Erin!
Fell asleep on dat borin ass game, but how the fuck did Boston lose
Shopping for an internship for the summer and it is proving to be a bit of a challenge.
GenCrowd Leverages quot;The Wisdom of Crowdsquot; to Help People Get Ideas, Content ...
San Francisco Chronicle
Thirsty for scintillating conversation with the most interesting people in DC?
Who's up for a dcdoctornkup the week of January 16?
try seltzer for 2 weeks.
Put a squeeze of lemon or lime, or frozen raspberries if you need to.
Huge move with Larry Johnson staying on at Penn State
Looking for a quality iPadcompatible projector for presentations.
Not a rinkydink mini projector.
Thoughts?
Truth and Revolution is at the printers!
Copies available in early May.
Can't wait!
Beautiful morning here in ROC city!
Feeling very blessed this lovely day!
Good Morning it is.....have a wonderful Day!
Heartless Verizon!
Dads phone disconnected while planning best friends funeral svc for tomorrow!
i was just replying to your most recent tweet..
We out tonight :
you read it...
I've been seeing in LA.
Bad sign.
MT : In 1965, Dickey Chapelle died, killed by a land mine in Vietnam, the first woman war correspondent killed in combat

feel free to check in anytime hottie  it's all the rage.
Hates having these adult twitterers Following me!!!!
When the bird and the book disagree, always believe the bird.
James Audubon
I meant to say, my web site is at: www.maryouimettekinney.com
Great!
event still has tickets lefta few codeforoakland.eventbrite.com
Catskillz baby!!!
Let's put it together sometime for power lunch in NYC.
Long overdue!
Bests.
hahahahaha thank you ; Lmao!
Oh wow XD I did it cause I was frustrated cause I wanted to go to sleep :P OverAchiever :
One of my students has a bday today too!
Yay, a birthday buddy!
He's 6 today, and I'm Not.
His mom sent bday hats.
Yay!
above all else, when you've stuck your for in your mouth, you manned up...
I can't quit you
im not talkin bout my son lol
: I guess I'll look good in grey and blue fuckingorioles  Everyone looks better in the pinstripes
We switched when it was CP4, but there should still be an export option somewhere.
DL the .csv  write a script to parse it.
Definitely liked 's 60s theme better, despite the team's derailment.
I think Dayana is at the end of the line.
nice where at?!
What did he sign haha
The great adam schefter reporting rush limbaugh about to be put on waivers...
By his own ownership grp.
Details in minutes on nfl live
I'm bracing myself!
Oracle, Google Trial: Who Wins Round One?
InformationWeek
Y get n a relationship n do shit single ppl do?
back on the grind hun!
How r u?
you gonna be in Raleigh tonight
Lolgasm The act of laughing so hard you can no longer breathe and have pain in your chest.
u will have to tell the haters that if one is great at their job they get paid big bucks!
I believe that is any pro!
Right
Thank you!!
I absolutely loved your performance tonight on HartOfDixie You rocked it!
don't be sad.
Get glad :
wish I called in yesterday HouseofCards is massive, sustainable production work for months!
Any chance you'll post the recipe?
Out of 400 NLH quick.
Got it in w 67 on 257 / 6 turn vs 2.
OK w my decision, but was a tough spot.
Can you throw in a free TPC Sawgrass membership to sweeten the pot to mariowilliams ?
EveryoneHasThat1Friend that complains about everything
Dellinger: conservative justice in dc court said the bill was novel because it was a nonnew deal approach to solving a problem.
Downton Abbey Christmas Special....Full on tears at least 4 separate times.
I absolutely cannot wait more than a year for season 3.
we r done with that other party that was there...back to normal now throw that tweet out as i sent it to ya
So crazy my baby!
I'm so glad you're doing this!
I saw the premier at Barrymore and it's excellent!
Enjoy!
It's beautiful!
have fun!!
good luck!
And I'm really into this new Band of Skulls single.
Glad they're back.
I watch porn with my cat.
If you're insecure, EXERCISE!
Stop the eye rolling FEMALES!!!
listening to some crazy Latin jams..right now Sexomania by Perez Prado
yes, it's a classic.
Got any other favorites?
Just got interviewed by the one and only Robert Conrad on CRN Radio!
Good times!
I hope he doesn't go through some depressed mood...
Great SLUVCC2012 meeting today!
Blues D3 beat Ok City 1514.
Will play NorthernSt next.
Winner goes to California for D3Sweet16.
Loser will have to tom to advance.
that's my bestfriend :
Today it seemed that one of my friends was annoyed with me????.
Wonderinq what I did......
:/
Subject Henry Jim that misterAndoctorw
everyone's a critic
I working lunch at the come see me and get your free APP 2011 S.
First Street Milwaukee WI
On the homestretch!
41/80 how much longer until I am in Lubbock.
With the probability that I do not get pulled over.
I'm realizing recently how old fashioned I am.
Don't feel comfortable with women regularly giving birth to litters.
I just came to say hello.
Fuck dat, I came to get doctornk.
I'm finally excited to watch the Hunger Games movie trailer because I FINALLY have the first book!
Yay for my boyfriend's dad being AWESOME
missed you, and last night!
Next time for sure!
Hi  Free wifi will be available in the Yerba Buena Forum during GravityFree!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 55
no pressure guys,no one is expecting you to win...
gotta finish laundoctor and hw  fun sunday tho :
Every single person is in a position to be a leader.
Leadership is never about rank, title or position.
What can U soto help inspire?
Blasting Irish music and baking Irish things.
Tis the season!
is on the world's slowest internet connection in a cafe in Kampala, Uganda.
But the coffee here...
oh the coffee in Africa!
No matter what accomplishments you make, somebody helped you.
Althea Gibson
I need a ceiling fan!
It makes sleeping so much more enjoyable
I got a candygram from Regina George.
RT : In honour of Mean Girls Day, today we're totally trying to make 'fetch' happen.
don't forget to follow homie...
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
Random thought: I'll say in about 5 or 6 generations from now, everyone will be mixed..
Tricky temps this week: Highs in the 60s until Wed...
then near 80 possible later this week.
Best chance of showers: Tuesday AM, Thu.
Fri.
slow pc's suck
Agree mostly but MANY, MANY lines of work have short lifespan, and others become obsolete.
pyt pretty young tranny your a funny brother
cnn is describing righttowork as a progrowth jobs programhasn't deregulating worker's rights taught us anything?
May 15th is Cherry Berry Chiller Day
A walk/run of Fryman to start the day?
Yes please.
My pleasure, it was fun!!
Kobe is in BeastMode!
you can say that ahah I don't mind staying home .
Hook me up tho!
Lol
they suck SO hard...
Great to see you here Court!
Thanks on the congrats.
Would love to hear about your biz!
I'm of the belief that Perkins hurts more than he helps.
To be prepared is half the victory.
Miguel Cervantes
I'm glad she's eating.
And doctornking fluids especially.
Tell her I love her
You don't even know what it is.
Smh.
:
What's your craziest sexual experience?
Loving 2012 so much because it feels like summer already!
BBQ eatin weather!
I come from a long line of repressed, bloated  proud Eastern European people which culminated quite nicely into blowjob jokes  AA meetings
: Pardon my nerdiness, but Nick Fury is the Vince Lombardi of super heroes.
Good Morning All!
Rise  Grind.
Here's wishing everyone a Good Monday.
I'm so glad i'm not the only one that actually likes staying in on New Year's Eve.
lol.
Fis Comp.
Treaty 3 annual govnt deficittoGDP ratio limit.
How?
massive downsizing of public service Perhaps a yes vote is best
felt the same way until something clicked.
went from indifferent to fanatic.
one of my top 5
Wow!
We are being slammed with last minute project requests.
I wish I had more staff to accomodate these customers.
119.53 seconds...don't ask how I know.
lol, i don't think so!
Just when you think you have buried the past, they find another body...
Finally got internet on the phone.
Yay!
I got the 3g my touch.
Thanks best :
I had mine done last Friday and it was a pleasurable experience.
Video won't play on iPhone.
Please fix that.
Another theme: Divas in crosscultural context.
just know that its gonna change up a lil lol
She comes off as strong, but maybe she fell asleep crying.
She acts like nothing is wrong, but maybe she's just really good at lying.
thanks doctorw!
hell yea ;D
Waiting for to take the stage.
it's available on the Internet if you look in the right place.
Its Not That Im Unapproachable I Just Spend A Great Deal Of My Time Avoiding People.
WHY ARENT YOU HERE THEN?????
Great point  RT : True!
RT : A2: Sometimes salaries arent, but...incentive programs can be.
Well, yes, there's that.
And evacuating the city with 4 million other people is always an adventure here.
Adele rocked it!
He has not replied to me
is a play I wrote called Exit sign.
how about them BRUINS...GAME7 HERE WE COME!!
A plan  clearly defined goals, measurable objectives for each goal, strategies to meet objectives, tactics to accomplish strategies
your welcome!
Do you know if amw got any good leads or tips?
haters these days : jealousy is the most sincerest form of flattery.
Lmao
I've been a bit MIA.
I am!
Ryan just fouled out.
Welp.
But now i wanna go on youtube .
You ain't never seen a fire like the one I'ma 'cause....
Dickie: 18c had rape jokes; punctuated with dashes and asterisks.
My workinprogress is a horror novel.
Stay tuned.
:
This is going to be a good year .
We can feel it in our bones .
caught up on Twitter, which means I'm way behind on Read It Later now.
Claire Danes looks stunning!
UKHKY intramural softball game tonight at 9 on Johnson Center field 2.
Come check us out!
A seed in my seedles orange?
thks for the positive comment concerning the video  the mentions.
Thx for the tip RT There will be 8!
Glamorous Chicks Cosmetics are amazing!
Check them out.
:
Mission accomplished.
Finally found a brugge doctorgon for K that was both colorful  sword.
So...am I stupid for waiting it out?
Nah,just seeing if anything else pops up in the process
tell joe congrats.
all us miss you guys.
zoey says woowoooarrrooo.
:
Bill Hoest I just need enough to tide me over until I need more.
This Wednesday night Steve Dushocki is Burbank with many funny comics 7:30.
Descendents are in the building!
Or will be soon at least.
Missing him like crazy
ImWeakFor someone that know what they are doing
Season finale of BGC!
i used to live on Essex St so Highland Park was my spot.
There will be plenty of reasons to stay out late after the Meetup tonight :
Sitting at a creepy park .
Isn't it funny when people stop talking to u when they dont get their way?
omg its beautiful
You should go on Nancy Grace, I'm sure she can't handle your warrior aura
idk D; where does it show you it?!
great to see your face last week man!
Congrats on the gig!!!
Hope you feel better Austin!
Love you : 3
that shit is natural lol RT: dawg my daddy was pullen my weave I think I lost a track
We changed our facebook page to the new look, we hope you guys like it!
CRG Team
A pinch of probability is worth a pound of perhaps.
James Thurber, Lanterns and Lances
Teaching my first library instruction class tomorrow as the new Communication Librarian at UT Austin.
Feeling kind of nervous, but excited!
Riding the MARTA in Atlanta and admiring the porches ...
Fav vacation: shlitterbaun Fav candy: sour skittles Fav comedian: Ellen degeneress Fav game: grand theft auto
thanks for the follow and the mention.
I'm somewhat addicted to your site and include references to it in my novel Au Pair Report.
Cain's stance on his domestic affairs just became far more amusing than his statements on international affairs.
All the bullshit only makes me stronger
After meeting with the owner of , can't even express to you how fortunate KansasCity is to have such talent in the soccer world
I always love seeing Gino.
He's awesome :
Lots of sound made a difference too, especially Aidan Baker, Sunn0, Pauline Oliveros, Coil, Bryn Jones, and I could go on and on.
Wow.
That is some strong feelings about black olives.
I love green olives but black olives are even better to me.
Substantial: Helping you avoid awkwardness since 2006.
:P
WHAT?!?
was at the Colin Hay show last week?
How the HEdouble toothpicks did I miss THAT?
Great show, wouldn't you say?
Don't know if this is a new thing in ATL but ...
found some SCHLITZ!
Oh yeah
Wow.
Hardcore.
Just saw an old man check his blood sugar sitting at the bar.
Congrats to Montee Ball.
Amazing year.
Surprisingly good.
iCarly is Forever in Our Hearts  I feel so bad that none of you will know what a good TV show is.
and through it all she brought this on herself.
On herself.
Seems like a lot of tchr growth when talking about alternative assessments for students.
Hmpf.
Weird.
Danny you're gay.
And Fede anything from you should be good :
feeling groovey....except my face is numb..damn dentist and pesky fillings.....
Pees on sheets, not enough to make them too wet really just a dab.
Watches me take them off.
Gathers them and makes himself a bed.
Currently watching My SoCalled Life.
Claire Danes is a GREAT cryer.
Why is there no hashtag for NYC?!
HUNGERGAMES24NYC Please!!
: How to make it in America makes starting a T shirt line look HELLA easy.
pound it, pound it...
Mark Agito wins the hhawards Charles MacArthur award for best new play for Birds of a Feather.
This little, healthy pup was rescued from a kill shelter in Alabama  the 11th hour.
Boy am I lucky.Looks just like Jazz.
My b/w dog in pic!

iDont Have My Crutches :/
I'm about to follow all the followers of Back to Last Night with my own twitter GeoffWBarker.
That amazing moment when you talked someone out of suicide.
3
BecauseItsTheCup : I literally just almost passed out screaming after that goal.
Omg I have headache
Your best bowling score?
Don't fib now.
:
MANCHESTER CITY WHAT?!?
whats on the agenda:Real Assets /Commodities
City Center Bellevue.
SLA leadership summit hashtag is slasummit check it out!
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind.
Let's hear it for doctor Seuss
sure :D
Wandered into bazaar tonight, caught a few songs of 's set.
What a beautiful voice!!
Look at you beautiful ladies valuing your village.
its too long for 140 characters but they agreed to exchange tickets which I never got  one of the games was last Sunday
: when is the greenbay game on?
Oh wait.
I.
Hate.
You.
The best part of the Final Four in Nola was getting to see live!
Instead of shy'n away from their tough songs they owned'em!
I need spike lee's tshirt
Everything's okay in the end.
If it's not okay, it'd not the end.
will Livestrong have coke or pepsi products?
keep on the JB stuff boys!
Its the biggest album coming out in 2012 ...
have a fun Friday!
I am severly depressed  do you think knows!?
dig it.
Dear LA: you CAN doctorve through moisture.
Vinny bites his nails , I bite my nails .
we're obvi meant to be.
Thanks for the follow, Chuck!
please let us get out early.!
LT pass out
we are treating CP patients in our clinic now.
Give us a call at 8137883969 and ask for Phillip
RT : You have to respect and love yourself in order to stand any chance for a happy life.
Amen!
That's so me!
RT As a Virgo when you criticize someone you're not trying to be mean you simply want them to better themselves.
In statement, Gov.
Tomblin says I believe we can complete the legislation next week.
:/ thanks, maybe she releases more dates, who knows
love the first two but ill check out pretty lights and the youtube intro.
Thanks!
so many projects, so little time.
will you follow me back?
Enjoy your trip:
he is yummy lol!!
I've had a lot of amazing memories in the office the past 6 years.
As we move, super excited for the future!
new space  sweet!
Aw.
Yall are awesome!
I swear!
Waiting for AltAc workshop.
Exciting!
Seeding is everything from on out.
No pressure.
Have fun.
We're not even here.
Of on the job hunt.
Gonna be a great day, I can feel it.
positive minds
:::Looks at wiki picture again:::: AHH...LMAO!
Omg or some Buffalo Wild Wings oh yes
Having an awesome tech/digital meeting with about v2.0 of
Just a monopolist could study a business and spoil it by giving away products.
Dammit, I kinda want to replay Makai Kingdom...
It's one of my favorite NIS games.
Too bad the PSP port never got translated.
I don't understand why people have to stare at you when you go to the store, I swear this one girl was asking to get hit.
Problem?
CU students just found out that school had a basketball team last week.
Very impressive turnout and showing.
Life is not supposed to be full of sadness and regret .
Life is living period .
So go live it
I prefer the chew chew train one :0
Wow TLC has taken it to a whole new level.
Just saw a man eat a goat's head to be thrifty on a romantic dinner.
Spring into Beauty Party tonite at our third ward location from 47pm.
It's going to be a blast!!
It's free to attend, bring your friends!
Eminem...
Best rapper alive.
No arguments.
If you think otherwise, you're most likely deaf or stupid.
Going out and letting off some steam
Hanging out on until midnight.
Hopefully I get phone calls from strange people at State Fair!
straight back
Support our very own from Dancing for Womens Cardiac Care tomorrow at Wilson HS in LongBeach
Try our chargrilled chicken fruit salad for a sweet and savory treat.
You make Super Bowl predicts??
Or waiting to announce on next week??
Great chat tonite!
I'm amazed  inspired every wk by the dedication and professorssionalism I see from this group.
Proud 2b a member
Hey, Dwight Craver welcome to Rochester!
We'll see you in the Adventures  Challenges program...
HUGE SPECIALS TODAY ONLY Buy ANY BOTTLE of LOTION over 55 and receive 2 FREE WEEKS of tanning!
Instant Tans are 2 for 40 or 10 for 120!
Oh I can't wait to go shopping at that mall!!!
Hah i made my frriend download tumblr so i could go on mine.
Just got me a new BBerry.
Trying out twitter on it.
To my thousands of followers!
ha!
What do you plan to do with your first 90degree weekend this year?
I know I only got four followers, but I want all four of you niggas to know F.B.E is killing this Shit....
War on garbage....
lmao!
M Chinese would be bomb right now
SEC where education matters RT Miss.
St.
cancelled classes in anticipation for game against LSU look forward to this hah
We Just to Turned up.....Turned up to the MAX....We be getting to It...
would also have been a good example.
we were talking about how heroes are allowed to be ugly, if powerful.
Really.?
:O
Just learned when a guy tells u he's never giving up it actually means in 4 days he's gonna start seeing someone else.
Good 2 know.
LOL.
Having.
Not had.
It's the end of the semester, and there is not enough coffee IN THE WORLD.
aw, im sorry!
it will still be awesome!
:
I used to LOVE doing that as a kid.
Time to Sign Out !
Just got my bellybutton pierced P it didn't hurt at all!!
P I thought it would hurt like hell!!
P hahah a pleasant surprise ;D
Well said.
Too bad the stellar performance will be forgotten by many due to the outcome.
Very little I'm not interested in; thus the luxury of apathy re: cars and sports.
dwade sucks, I think.
Are you using Mac or Windows?
Keep it fun internally!
I need to buy 90 small sketch books to inspire the creative process in HS students.
where can I buy cheap?
Oh, and there is no way they replace
MLB: Report: Werth will miss 12 weeks after surgery.
Imagine Etsy with a live auction presentation.
It's interesting.
Def a good place for getting deals on handmade wares.
studying for geo.
last final at 1030 am then IM DONE
EPP's titles can be found in academic libraries worldwide, including Canada's McGill Uni; UK's British National Library; USA's UCLA.
What's the best library website you've ever used?
Seeking models for Oxy redesign.
pls RT.
What has the world gotten to?
1 person doctorving 4 others on the phone!
Just watched the interview, good luck with the project.
Stop clubbing, baby seals!
Hawks are in the PLAYOFFS!
Good Morning San Francisco!
Just walked past a playground.
Childoctorn playing tag.
Everytime someone was tagged a kid said sexy and I know it.
That was weird.
I did same thing!
I think you are in same sesh.
This is better!
I don't want something perfect.
I want something real.
I want something between the two of us, something we can both feel.
everyday you should be doing something to get faster.
Nas for the win
Working on unveiling many hilarious new ideas in the short future.
Gas station minimart on the way to work today.
Do they have Diet Coke?
No.
Hemp milk?
Yes.
So very
Of course!
She's pure sunshine in my life.
I am happy to help her get well soon.
I am so freaking sick of evacuating the cathedoctorl
yes!
Which is dine by me.
:
gonna be on National TV 4 handing off the home equip ..lovin it...she deserves that TV time...they always push the pretty gurls on!
Thanks for stopping in and supporting and !
Gonna work out tomorrow with along with at the gym.
Demo'ing some new stuff  excited!
VOSD: Bonnie Dumanis' Econ plan focuses on buzz words and herself, had to chuckle at that one...
turn to you is amazing3
Thanks for an outstanding season.
It's been an amazing ride.
Are you okay?
Hated to see you leave the game.
What's your favorite thing about your workspace or office's design/furniture?
How about least favorite?
Just got home, time to paint for a minute....
Kony 2012 is a scam.
Do NOT spread it.
Spread that it is false.
Fucking the government and the elite.
Practice and proper form playing an instrument can help center, meditation
could you have sex the first night and expect a lasting relationship?
G O O D N I G H T .
DONT FORGET TO SAY YOUR PRAYERS333:
ICantLiveWithout my boys
Verizon has the worst customer service for cable installation.
The WORST!
Canceled appointments, incorrect equipment.
Geez!
Thank you; we're all challenged by your unique point of view.
Hi Adam  thanks for following StoryFirst!
Like your work  I'd enjoy a chance to meet.
Coffee soon?
big year for you : Thanks!
thank you 3 :
Come see IRANIAN filmmaker Majid Majidi's THE COLOR OF PARADISE tonight after the Community Meal.
Meal 6:30, film begins at 7.
You ever read about his incredible athletic feats?
keep forgetting about this damn power point
Yeah.
He was an icon.
He introduced gamelan to America.
He is a legend to the public, and a hero to his family.
3
I agree.
I'm on season 2 right now, they're manning the hatch and just found the other survivors from the back of the plane.
OMG I love Grease!!!!!!
if there's ever a remake, you would be perfect for Sandy!
:D
actually Zach the word evicted comes to mind before fell.
Free day today!!
Not really
more like when a guy leaves a league and the first place team vultures his best player
I'm going to miss you guys on Thursday nights!!!
Interested in boosting your work resilience?
The Center for Creative Leadership's Amy Martinez shares three on our feed.
WOW!
I love seeing my timeline full of Always funny  entertaining!
Love ya Jun :
Just enjoying a spectacular DC day.
Thanks!
Not sure what we're doing yet for New Year's Eve...
might go to sister's house.
Reflections on Play, Pedagogy, and World of Warcraft  from new quarterly
me too.
Especially that yes we can rip off one.
at times I just wanna go to stones river or river stones mall..
whatever it's called..
to shop.
but I never find anything.
ever
ION NEED NOBODY TO SUGAR COAT SHIT
I want somebody to cuddle D:
That's no goodhope you feel better soon!
You owned the TV screen, dude.
Nice.
Or you can come here.
;
So few understand the meaning of companionship.
I appreciate all with whom I'm involved.
What's more shocking is that I called that walkoff homer haha..
The City Of Chicago Board Of Edu Stay Fuckinn Up My Work Checkk...Its 50.00 Short.
Lemme Call Payroll.
guh.
yes, this weather is definitely not conducive to sleeping!
So excited for summer with my boo!!
Soon no more college until August :
wov12 do girl scouts have a computer science badge?
I seem to vaguely remember getting a science badge.
Will post a summary blog later today, more questions raised than answers :
Good morning all!
Get started with breakfast at SUBWAY  you'll have a great day.
Guaranteed!
Remember our full menu is available all day
In advance of RSD BlackFriday I spent money at Wuxtry Decatur today.
and  you're next on the list!
Some great points at 9sinst11 about the necessity of clarity and transparency in the promotion/tenure process for younger scholars.

we'll take all the Cume we can get.
Bring it brother.
:
I wish I could teleport myself home!
retweet  : Just 2 more and we are at 100 followers.....pls RT and ask your followers to follow us and
New Yorkers bring fish farms to urban jungle
TECH HOUSE

How is that good?
big hairy audacious goal
Not sure what they did.
HAHAHAHA I am just tweeting funny things people say around me...so it's not actually me saying them!
you asked for more: Mod Timbo's responses are also insulting: 151634863658155 no one seriously thinks that at Jagex, right?
As of last week, lol, Edward's never online enough for me to go with him...
And your my second choice :
RT : Hiya Kevin.
Thanks for the follow.
As a former NYC Actress, I know how much actors need marketing help.
Cocaine is one hell of a doctorg am I right?
Getting fucked up bc I'm done w finals
Love the view of NYC from the plane!
I can't believe I got up at 730 for this
I'm just a regular bloke, I put on my jumpsuit one leg at a time just like everyone else
Guidelines are negotiated with the other side.
Best practices are internal professorssional principals.
RT : Just made my life winning the VIP Suite for Keys/Monkeys show!
Thanks so freaking much!!
Last Rocky Top of the day
Getting to the point where im to tired to fix my hair.
Hurry up summer.
SO TRUE!!!
RT When I am home alone, Every noise I hear is a serial killer.
2 days in a row I guess
and the bandwagon just got light again.
Emma Stone in Giambattiata Vali...umm haven't we seen this doctorss before?
i dont feel like you care anymore
Spring break is over
happy birthday:
Total REIT industry capitalization is only 80 of 1 company's cap: Apple
ALERT: Stop, doctorp  Roll!
RT USC will join 8.2 million across the state in the GreatCaliforniaShakeout tomorrow.
You need a simple  affordable solution  that PAYS HUGE...
If u go on a date and pull out a RushCard.
She gonna pull out her phone  start Tweetin abt u
Have no idea what to expect out of this game.
Go cats.
Oh, yeah, the guy with the fashionable hair who has actually played pretty well of late.
Not sure what's going on.
great job on IndyStyle this morning!!
the website we work for is like voldermort from Harry potter  speak the name you'll explode
As Kelly Cutrone would say if you have to cry go outside.
lots of work :/
I sent you an email.
doctorCraig
Personally, I'm going with the Spanx for Mom//Heck!
I'd love some of that anitgravity eye cream!
It is what it is!!!!
It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows.
Epictetus
POA is matching pledge dollars for the next 3 minutes  Call Now 6023773003
nowplaying Put It Down by   this song!!
O I'd love to go to London for a while!
LACanBChallenging.
Ups  Downs, you know.
These days here, UMust produce  write
I'm glad I caught the SOTU.
Very inspiringLoved the messages...
also glad I didn't have to stand  clap that many times..
just once at end
so you're saying today is the same as every other day?
Onscreen skies are frightful.
Outside real time sky is sunny and lovely.
I think what is important is that there's a unified argument or narrative sustained at some level.
FOLLOW ME FOOL
ah hell nah you should of won album of the year Blake!
is 1/6 of an allstar 10:30 Jet City at tonight.
If you've been waiting for reason to see JCI, this is it.
Sparky no thanks to NODEGREE Collegedoctorpout About That Criminal Defense Fund...DOE :O
Not sure.
But exciting about your consultation starting.
Deductive reasoning Tweeting about ducks lost me followers, probably ducks, or duck sympathisers.
My next 100 tweets will..
We're getting ready for tomorrow.
Its going to be crazy with POKE LOVERS!
We will see you there.
Downtown San Jose ca let's do this!!!
New password requiring at least one capital letter, two numbers and one special character?
Someone please tell Gmail to calm down.
Kobe is absolutely ridiculous!
If you had to be stuck on a boat with one of the boyz who would it be ?
12345 :D !
Happy Birthday!
Thanks for all that you do!
That's still a thing?
The things you learn on Twitter.
never listen to me.
The ceremony was a success!
Thank you everyone who came!
For those who didn't, you can always watch online.
www.unmultimedia.org/tv/webcast
I would do for you
Where was beaver?
Quit it with the fake beards, babies.
Such an insult to my craft.
Big birthday shout out to our main man, He is a huge part of helping us get our brews to you.
Uh oh...
looks like it's time to return to....
TECH!
That shift really knocked me out.
On glad to finally be home
wish my glasses fit better..
you guys need to make a few smaller styles..
still on the mission for fab eyeglasses
Forgiving is not always forgetting, but forgetting is always forgiving
How many Musicians want to win a chance at a free Music Video Shoot?
and should ShootUsDown with their love3.
Days like this I want to doctorve away.
RT Got a group of friends and they all trying to get tatted the day before graduation..
:
Happy AprilFoolsDay!
What's something foolish you've done?
Remember the time...
Sweet for 38 you can buy a share of Facebook.
Secure you dbag status NOW!
Great workshop on Socialmedia for the boomer generation with
DM for you!
quick!
Someone tell rick santorum!
my tweet feed is blowing up forever ChristianHis LittleGirls RT
InSpotter mobile app will empower
If tomorrow is nice, does anyone want to go to the zoo with me??
aww glad u had fun.
Were u bad kate?
Lol jeje love ya
How do I sign up for one of those?
How do towels get dirty if you're clean when you use them??
Great show tonight thanks for everybody who tuned in.
Thanks to all my new followers.
Let me know here what u want to hear on the show JDM
I rarely remember things myself.
So many brasileiros in central Florida right now...wonder why?
Great British band   opened up for Love hearing new music!
Yes we do Eni!
You should come visit soon I knw Francis would Love your company cuz he b tired as hell of me lol
Just wrote a long email about Tumblr, then realized all I needed to say was gifs.
20thingsaboutme I hate going out to eat.
I guess that's weird.
If we set you up with your own INTERNET Business...Could you handle it?
We will teach you how to market on THE WEB!...
If there's a will, there's a way.
Why should I be busting missions to see you?
No siree, I have no trouble waiting.
I'm already used to it
Part 1 of Supernatural's season finale tonight on the CW.
sure that sounds good.lemme know when you a date that works.
Most days are good for me other then wed.
Okay so I officially love today, met deuce from shake it up AND got to go to Sonic for the first time.
:D with kalista!
Bestdayever!!
RT : For the love of God.
Sterling Marlin is trending.
Ellen Brazer announces that she will be the keynote speaker at 22 events beginning in Sept.2010
Had a conversation abt this yesterday.
Not easy.
RT Watch what you give your time to.
And make approp changes
You're pretty good : I'm downloading your album when I can !
Lol.
oh mena things are so great I honestly haven't been this happy since Michael
the newest member of the LoudHouse empire  make sure you follow and look out for him!!
Being ignored 
LOL I thought you might say something like that!!
whimsicalgates being installed in May at Heritage Museums  Gardens.
follow our stories
Please limit to 5 pieces per submission or 2k words
hope you yank 'em up.
I hear ya.
That's been my last WEEK.
You ok?
Can we just announce that whoever goes to Costco and buys Zooey Deshanel a giant case of Campbell's tomato soup wins Twitter?
I'm mean!!!!!!no your just annoying the hell out of me.
Sandwich Shop, originally offered to antique shoppers as a side business, now has 200 outlets nationwide and 7 in Manhattan
Playing the priest at my daughter's penance practice.
How funny is this
Made it to the Forest Temple after accidentally picking up the heart in Jabu Jabu's Belly and having to fight Barinade again.
my birthdays on Sunday!!
:
Congratulations on the birth of your new daughter.
Mine is coming in late May and I can't wait.
listening to SaySomethin right now : love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3 16
Bad day at work and fraudulent charges on my debit card?!
How did I become so lucky?
I'm comin to see you and the boys play tonight!!!
I'll be waving at you!!
Finally got it done!
Better late than never right?
When you throw away your French Toast sticks :o
If you can have lunch with anyone in the world, who would that be?
My salad looks yummy : I wanna eat it already lol
About to see a giant rock!
320 tons.
think I'm playing!
thatswhathomeschoolingsfor damniwishiainttrickedallthatbread ah gotta go
next TUESDAY at THE FARM.
Focus!
Focus!
w/ Tamia Remains, Teflon w/Special guests!
Nice!
I can tell you are a romantic at heart!
gosh!
too much salt isnt good!
:P
Went and did a walk through of the reception venue with the caterer and the staff of the venue.
We now have a game plan.
1 The HoodStarz Elevator music On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show www.blaze.wwradio.net
HighBloodPressure Antipsychotic doctorg Does Not Help Veterans With PTSD Study : Antipsychotic doctorg Does Not Help Veterans With PTSD
Having fun w Jason At The Park/Cafeteria in Sacramento after 7 hour flights.
Now that's living!
Ima feature you on this banger I got.
Its more or less of the kinda stuff you spit but still a banger.
Just to see how you do.
i have an exam at 8am, my bro has ap calc the same time, and cause I needed the money
Angles time was about 5 years ago.
Plus TNA did have Tito Ortiz as a ref before and Ken Shamisterck.
Nothing new.
personal trainer and a martial arts instructor
Stake and Shake...
Is that a new restaurant that vampires don't like?
Can lizards eat food from Wendy's ?
I need someone different You know it, oh ho, you know it
SIZZLING SEASON FACT; The average show for Actors Company of Tulsa costs anywhere from 30005000 dollars.
When people don't put smiley faces OR any kind of face in a text.
It's hard to trust someone when the ones you trusted the most are the ones who betrayed you.
It's like living in a giant mouth,
Great weekend.
Got to be outside and enjoy the beautiful weather with family and good beer.
UShouldnt fake de game
Just following your lead doctor Kynor!
;
Working on some super topsecret stuff for  it should make Tweeps very happy
OK, It's time.
From now on I'll tweet
artpolitics three phases: from voice of enemy to voice of allies to voice of self.
Audio spotlights.
Cd provide recognition that what you
being in the mac store is like getting a second chance to be nice to the kids you ignored in high school.
no thanks
Hey George!
When will we have the midterm questions for Leadership and Ethics?
That baby dinosaur noise you make when you stretch.
Whatss Up Babe?
:D
day off Wednesday.
But I'm always at joes ;
Scream by Usher 
That was probably the fastest I ever got ready,  I cut my ankle while shaving:'
Phone is back up  with a vengeance.
Wow!
If someone will look into the actual conversation and thinks I'm a harassing antisemitic violent threat.
I'll leave voluntarily.
lol I went yesterday for the first time this year and did surprisingly well
3rd sleepless night in a row...
My bags are getting bags !
Whereas all 12 Bobcat's would play major minutes for Kentucky.
That alone should end the discussion.
Working on a new school program about kids in 1900 Phoenix, and a free history childoctorn's program about medicine in territorial Arizona.
The things that kids ask in health class..
lol it broke my thin heart.
Deadlifts, bench and pull ups!
Sounds like a fantastic workout today!
RT this.
I hate the Heat, but they gonna SWEEP the Bulls n their one pony show.
It sucks when you know things will never be the same :/
Seriously, who is Jinsu?
just sat

are you headed to E3 this year?
Lovin' the DJ  Crisp right now!
first tweet ???
On iPhone 4s ; over!
fuck boston, u know the hate run deep lol
Have some open dates still open for holiday music.
What could be better than Live Music Songs for your office party or/and private party
Not surprising, but Rush Limbaugh is amazingly callous about former NFL players and head injuries.
i heard that a treatment doctor use for Bladder Suspension Coaptite prb spelled wrong worksWell last long x as wrinkle fillerTrue?
I need some help with a bill problem, ready to cancel service, any way to get some help?
God is something else.
I was just thinking about sending u a message.
Wow, really???
That is great!
I can't wait to hear!
You can't keep having people do things for you.
You have to do things by yourself.
any way to change email addoctorsses from one edu to another.
Can't find any way to do it on the licenses area
it's funny that you went to sleep when I woke up.
Physical pain sucks emotional pain hurts but being dead is a misery
Government  Our Finger Tips Axiomity Inc  
birthday celebration.
thanks Heather!
:
Graduating this May?
Make sure you use Suffolk2012 when tweeting.
PS Bring your smartphone!
:
Pretty sure no one in Sacramento cares about the Tour of California bike race since they totally negated us this year.
you better.
or we won't see each other until mid june
Brain splat.
Heart floor.
thank you so much.
I really enjoyed being part of the project!
follow fridays us plz!!
it will be much appreciated!!
thanks.
Poster is not original author of the quote removed from this post.
User is under investigation for possible violation of copyright law.
This light skinned boy is in my face putting chochlate in in my face
Angry haters.
Above all, never let anyone else make you feel like their worth is greater than yours.
You are the only one who can measure your worth.
It's Friday the 13th.
Has anything really bad ever happen to you on Friday the 13th?
April is Jazz Appreciation Month!
Support live jazz.
Ha!
That would be good!
RT : Anna Nicole Smith!
In her skinny modeling days!
Xo
got tossed for saying something to ref
Wow, just wow.
Firemen cleaning their firetruck is a sight to be seen.
Thank you day!
Well..that was a good movie...Time to start cooking..
Love being on the West Coast and finding out everything that's happening in the Grammys.
So thankful for tape delay.
Thanks CBS.
bored....grinding on lockpoker....
From which state/city/town R you?
Brewers lose.
Final score: 13.
Work now
If you liked 's presentation last night, let us know.
We're always looking for feedback and suggestions!
I MISS MY TEDDY BEAR
quit letting vince young be such a vagina.
Could we have just one game where he plays 60 minutes??
IMPORTANT: If you lost a black Sony Cybershot at the Bowling event, please email us.
BTW there's not one extra scene, there's two.
If you leave before the final credits, you'll miss it and that would be a shame.
um Austin replied, he just said that no one cared anymore.
Idk what that means but yea
finally finished great expectations this morning.
think i should stay away from the classics...rarely enjoy them.
Cowboy buttsex.
Sodomy.
why am I not surprised
Mayweather all the way.
My dad wants Cotto, though.
Bahhh.
Please broadcast the names of the 10 Democrats.
I would like to personally help fund their being taken to the woodshed!
Powers out.
Damn and I need to study..
Pay freezes longer hours more work Isn't it time to reward your staff?
Holiday parties are motovational and an economical way to say thanks
If you're behind while watching on MLB.tv, I apologize for the spoiler.
hahaha yeah maybe not a good idea :
That will ruled a fumble I think.
He was losing control of the ball.
Damn I don't feel like doctorving
Bout to go chop it up wit the FAM
The first thing I think when I wake up Monday morning in Vegas is, Hmm...
I'll take a hol at VMworld.
Good crowd.
In some secondary world fantasies the kids often remove themselves from the site of the parents, not other way
Made the best Yerba Mate tea latte..
On my way to fitting 1!
Could it be a more beautiful day?
HAPPY HUNGER GAMES!
Hey, I just sent pics of the table to your gmail.
Keep me posted.
At work tired ass hell
I say a huge AMEN to that!!
He was awesome and anointed!
How much is too much?
Just realized, the problem with my dog is me.
I'm asking him to be a golden r.
when all he wants to be is a terrier....
It's harder than it seems
Summer weather sneak peak today in Long Beach.
Mid 80s right now.
Who is coming down to ride a hydoctorbike in the bay?
Im so depressed and all i want to do is talk to you but you're asleep...
ok so make my eggs
Thanks!
It's been a long time coming!
LOL.
Now I have to come up with interesting stuff to say!
Way too much pressure!
I'm looking for stories/interviews with pit bull lovers who have bred dogs or have purchased from a breeder.
Email
the website looks awesome!!!
Holidays are meant to be tiring still
fish an chips for dinner..yumm
McConnell told CNN that there is ageement on lenght: We're going to pass a shortterm continuing resolution over into March.
Thanks Veronika for the follow!
Changing the World's bad mood into good, one brownie and cookie at a time!
Bitter?!
Sweeten your spirits with one of our medicated Yummies!
RT Please follow She is looking for followers.
Thank you!
It sounds like a comic book lover's doctoram come true.
I cant wait for the big screen premier in May!
can u spread The word tht I'm an actress an TÊŁŁ ppl to look at mi bio :
Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.
Buddha
we sat behind you on the flight to London, great to meet you.
Do you have a pic of your softail?
Good luck w/European tour
Woo!
Let's get it Kentucky!
All day!
:D
My psychic instincts tell me this will not end well.
Don't you expect us to assume if your not telling us anything....
yo I got a babymomma  1000.
twitterboo's on twitter but no twifey yet tho so I can't talk lol
Peer groups are energizing and always worth the time, I highly recommend you find one...
Big up the Street Bass massive everywhere!
Have a great Saturday night!
Going to bed peaace !
Journal 4 due today!
either ways fine..i'd go for the youtube
does campus cookies deliver to Philadelphia??
HA HA!
she is so HOT too!!!
Bad week for right wing agitprop provocateurs; first Brietbart collapses, then Limbaugh backpeddles.
O'Reilly's gotta wonder if he's next.
Thank you kindly
Sounds like a good plan!
We'd love to hear about how your trip goes!
Glad u enjoyed.
I like The Palms of Clearwater.
And congrats on your daughter's engagement.
Josh The Little Cowboy Tomlin doin work!
ah stop it.
I hate to hear that.
It's disgusting.
haha thats HOw twitter work : im just starting 2
SFIMAtweetup QR Code fan over here  don't hate
burned 394 calories doing 180 minutes of Cleaning, light, moderate effort
Nigga if u type back K n response to any text message ur def gay
The X Factor Snags Britney Spears For 15 Million
It hurts every time you act like you don't care.
Just made it to webwise before the hotel parking rate went up :.
Everyone, I am impersonating
My First Tweet!!!!lml :D
1501 tweets baby.
Chicago is lucky to have you join us!!
Have fun at the wedding!
Great day writing with Nathan Chapman 
Before I met you, I didnt know what it was like to look at someone and smile for no reason at all.
I live in LA and been going to Clippers games 17 years.
Yuck RT : Cashman sounds distressed about Joba.
was making good progress coming back from Tommy John surg.
This is big setback.
Who's excited for the next Ad2sday Happy Hour at Keystone Bar  Grill in Covington?
i think it was in the most recent brantley banner!!
i will find it for you gurl.
my sister and her kids went back to south carolina today....it was sad my nephew was crying and kept saying he wanted to stay with me so sad
WHAT CAN I SAY...GIRLS JUS LIKE TO HAVE FUN;
: I'm the kind of girl that would rather grab a controller and play with him, than complain about him playing.
Happy spring equinox, fellow human beings.
Asymptote day.
Rate of change of daylight is fastest todaytomorrow, for the calculus inclined
Union Solidarity Now
a little teasing never hurt anyone  even if it was unintentional ;
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 4.
when people recycle plastic and paper cups, plates, and utensils when they are clearly DISPOSABLE!!!
RT : Not permitting libraries to lend ebooks means that some people have less opportunity in their lives than others....
This car arson business is pure insanity...
maybe you should leave your in the street in hopes they find/burn it?
Fraternity Wars Day 1: captainre the Flag at 6!
Thanks.
Checking it out now.
just tuned in to
You give me butterflies
Just agreed to stay up until sunrise.
hahaha this is you!!!
: Every time I cut my hair, I immediately start missing my long hair.
GirlProblems
Watching baseball and doctornking beer.
Happy Monday.
The mountains tremble AT YOUR VOICE!
We did it
we're twins hahah but sadly no, she doesn't like Justin Bieber
Summer Dinner: tomatoes, cornonthecob and meatloaf.
Am I am American or what?
O hello homeless man on the street puking into a trash can.
I find myself deleting it often.
Twitter is excellent training for eliminating unnecessary words, i.e.
very.
She shine like a Dimeond.
I just saw someone using a pay phone.
Totally caught me off guard.
I imagined my kids watching hackers  saying internet on the phone?
any chance you'll be sharing your slides?
would love to see what you talked about...
hard at wrk on semantic netwrks  news...
Cool!
Good Luck!
Go Noles!
Flopped set ok kings!
Thank you advertisements and docudoctormas for educating us all that actors are not real people.
I guess I am a unicorn.
that is mystique from xmen: the last stand.
Being cured, and seeing her naked 4 the first time.
: Thanks a ton for performing last night guys.
Tons of fun!
you guys rock!!!
Did anybody ever go to Clipper games before this year??
Com'n Gise I need Followers!
Yes, I am not a very good swimmer.
True story.
at night?
risen hells ranch halloween!?!
Looking for people who want to start a business from home and make more money.
Thank you to my Craftstravaganza customers!
It was a wonderful day.
:
RT : Happy Mother's Day to the most beautiful, hardworking, and amazing mom!
3 I dont what I'd do without her.
:
Everytime the chi squared test has been presented to me it was so complicated.
Not today!
well the best nachos are in Nampa
Eat Your Heart Out !!
thank goodness I wasn't the only one thing that.
ESPN is angling for access to RGIII.
They have been headoverheals for him since Sept.
No wonder stressing about Cousins pick.
in the workshop!!
crying omg, I'm right next to you so you see how hard I'm laughing, omfgggg.
RT : ahh, her teeth are kinda jacked
TOUGH LOVE NEW ORLEANS!
TONIGHT!
7PM!
Getting A New Phone Case 
Weird to ask the girl in front of me if there's something in my teeth?
or normal
UMF!
WHY AM I NOT THERE :
The tyrant doesn't care he ruins lives.
He is simply happy he can do so without consequence.
You are wearing flip flops to work?
RT It is definitely not flip flop weather.
Silly patsy.
LinkedIn and job search seminar tonight at CUNY grad center with Phil Jones and John Bau starting at 6:30
Having sushi in Shawnee.
No, that is not a typo.
Ready to hang out with !!!
still :O I would just slap her haha!!
:D
If you live in Madison and have low water pressure or no running water, let me know where you live.
waterproblem Thanks!
im not wearing any green today.
but if you pinch me, i will fucking murder you.
happy saint patrick's day!
USAA used to be a good insurance company.
Now instead of customer service, they offer incompetence, lies and misinformation.
USAA sucks!
Did you regret ever holding my hand?
Keeping up with local, national, and international news: ABC News is the best!!
31 pitches for Lester in the first.
Didn't look happy with home ump.
Last time we saw that it was Beckett and he settled down.
Still havnt gone to sleep!
I don't know how my baby does it to stay awake
looking forward to an exciting 2nd half!
Finally found the man I can say with certainty...
I'm going to spend the rest of my life with him.
Craziness
Working towards accumulating all my fav'd tweets from NGS2012 in one place.
i hope so too..
I havent been able to edit anything, you been busy
Thank you for being so trusting  generous w me today.
Your story is so beautiful   yet there's so much more to come!
Getting ready to watch the Oscars.
What are your favorite films this year?
Next yearone on how EricCantor was relieved of his job.
Good morning!
Work out pending, biz getting done, and life is lovely
Yesterday, it was Easter and southern Calif.
had a 7.2 earthquake.
My first quake love it.
:
Cant stand when people chew gum and make that poppin sound
Happy Mothers day :
Hi Niall, I'm not confused.
Vernon indeed said patrol car was going same speed as bike  about 30 mph.
So that new show Duets, pretty much remade the 1984 Apple Commercial.
Just trying to make sure everyone can get on the Metro in time
The Catholic church announces that it considers the only acceptable Holy Union to be between a Priest and a preteen boy.
Judging by this womans eye shadow, she hasn't noticed it's now 2012 and no longer the 80s.
Eightysix percent of users expect lies about physical appearance on dating site professorles.D
Yea I might fall but you will never catch me fall off hmmp
pathetic game!!!
in my doctoram I was a feature in a Kelly Rowland music video.
I win
Wow, that is might impressive.
Do you have a transporter?
Toastmasters meeting next week on the 6th near Penn Station!!
Looking forward to starting off a new year with power and conviction
very cool!
I'd love to see some up close.
I've only seen videos of that process but it's fascinating.
uh oh!
What did you get in trouble for?
Lol
RT Participating in the Loyalty 360 webinar sponsored by Comarch Experience the True Force of Loyalty
Michelle Williams Fires Back at Beyonce Stans on Twitter About Baby Blue Ivy Carter 
did you hear?
Bar Method is for wimps  
I see myself as sexy.
If you are comfortable with it, it can be very classy and appealing.
Aaliyah
What are the odds?
A Mexican jockey won the KyDerby on CincoDeMayo!
Puppy Bowl: less ref, more puppy.
Seriously.
I saw a peacock by the road a few weeks ago too.
We also have a nofilter shirt.
:
Now that all my screenwriters have applied to this year's Nicholl's Fellowship, time to up your aggregate queue  oxox
diggin the updates of your trip.
The fishing looks rad.
Cheers!
I need to wash my eyes
The Rev is 10.
I'd forgotten that.
On behalf of my liver: fuck you,
Whenever you quote me on twitter you have to type, Shit Ade Says
Which one?
It really depends.
Different languages have such different cognitive properties.
Just the two of us we, we can make it if we try !
:
meeting the exwife today for the first time since July.
It will be short and quick, unlike the relationship.
Hey man, let me know how it is!
Reality show idea: libertarian locked in a cage with wellarmed cancer patients is forced to explain policies for preexisting conditions
Damn that DQ commercial.
M....
.My hope still is to leave the world a bit better than when I got here.
We cannot wait to see you on the Miss USA stage!
yeah stop playin
I love accomplishments!
follow me please I love ya and ur hot and awesome
Looking to connect with SAN Storage Administrators  If that's you or someone you know contact me.
or 248.351.3813
how are people finding out about Selena's mom..?
thanks you wonderful lady!
you should watch Top Poppins, it's a film about a fighter pilot nanny.

reared by Pops and a SAHM.
raised by wolves and gutter snipes
Sounds like a timeI've heard good things about Dinowalrus.
You going to the May Day concert/festivities Tuesday?
RT : Thx for being our 500th liker : So sweet of you!
// The pleasure's all mine.
Looks like a great reading club.
's Face When She Saw Matt 
Confirm your sources, I can't find this anywhere.
Without patience, life can be extremely frustrating...
:
RT : Did you see Toy Story 3?
Catch the original Sat.
night at our Dive In Movie series!
A Tale of Two City Sidewalks
More: Bartleby's Book of Buttons, Nova Elements, Monster at the End of This Book, ColorSplash, Pages, Wikipanion, WebMD
fuck that they are scary for the whole league
Round up the horses and cannons, the dark age folks have declared war RT OBAMA FLIP FLOPS, DECLARES WAR ON MARRIAGE
It must have unfrozen itself?
What a cool video!
Thanks for sharing!
Soon it's TebowTime RT : Soon ....

If only Liberals/Progressives were as dedicated to voting in Democratic primaries.
Feeling kinda sad about Donna Summer's passing.
Her music was often in the background when I was a kid.
No, I did not grow up in a Disco.
yeah but he might have had a little helmet to helmet issue
IMO, not Knowing is the point of Faith.
I don't Know there is a god, but I have Faith and Believe there is!
:
LA FWY closure made front section of local paper.
Live just under 1000 miles away.
If it effects the commute here...
Lol thanks n okay no mo pics today haha!!
great to see you Denise!
Thanks for the
Someone stole my foursquare mayorship at Fiesta away from me...
we need to fix this!
I do see how women can be chauvinist but there is a freedom of choice to be sexual, empowered, and proud of feminine aspects.
All day err' day!
I'm your huckleberry.
OK got it lol
It's the night before heading out for a conference and I'm still doing laundoctor and only underwear is packed.
Sounds about right.
So, we've totally neglected twitter lately, sorry everybody!
We'll keep you posted more often from now on.
How are you doing?
alternately, 4 non brondes, as in bro's.
too much of a stretch?
too...brotesque?
I hope the Clips lose.
They can have an everlasting back seat for all I care.
The fans too.
Didn't know they had fans
as well you should be!
BK: toast?
Raises beer to Joe Flacco and his future with the Ravens put em up.
working on the intro to a manuscript.
slow going.
just write, baby.
stop tweeting.
now.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
Confucius
1 Strongly agree, as software capital needs fall earlystage firms should get smaller,not larger.
is commodity, help isn't

I hate the way movies portray relationships.
It gives us unrealistic expectations of love.
OMG, you guys, I couldn't even get my ragecry tweet to post that's how bad my day has been.
No one told me lifting weights would make me sweat as much as running!
Super 15 Rugby play consecutive weeks on the road.
seems as we have a lot in common!
I want that girl so bad
That's fantastic!
What did you choose for your first?
RT from Iran: Today's protest in Tehran will be at Valiasr square 5pm
Thanks for faving the tweet.
I'm rapidly approaching the point where I'd eat a dog to get people to stop the annoying Obama ate a dog thing.
Kind of wish I were taller.
5'6 is average.
:
Did Best Buddies' Fairways to Friendship last night w/UofL's golf coaches as instructors.
My body is reminding me I'm out of shape!
Just joined  am really excited about connecting.
Keep up the good work!
truth be told I really don't even fucking know what that is but the inverted cross thing looks legit..
doctor doctor  Large professorssor  doctor Demento  doctor Octagon  doctor John  Scientist
i have no memory of who i once was, and i don't remember your name.
Awesome!
I always say Very is my fav, but it's hard to pick just one.
It depends Usually ppl gain more if they cheat on carbs, rather that cheating on fat.
It depends on ur body and how u react.
in Lock Haven, PA .
.
.
Snowy!
Next reading is Tuesday, in Charlotte, NC.
8 hour push again today.
con law exam tomorrow.
Great presentation of program elements/key considerations to start a tablet initiative
why do you do this?
Tease us so?
Fjfdigfirfbhk I can't wait for 's new album!!
BELIEVE!!!
I know right?!
I've been really god : how about you?
Mark your calendar now for DevLearn  12.
Join us Oct.
31  Nov.
2, back at The Aria, Las Vegas!
People who don't know Twitter vocab are funny.
improperuseofhashtag douchePT , I think you'd agree...
Lock your doors is bartending tonight until 9.

due to Beck's departure, conspiracy theories are to be outsourced to India.
Luckily they're not fans of Pakistan either!
who were you meeting?
like 2 months.
:
Flight later today to Chicago and AWP12.
Of course, the biggest storm thus far this winter is on its way...
lol, yes kind of like self tax monitoring
Being a smart shopper is the first step to getting rich.
Mark Cuban
I slept all day ...
now I can't sleep at all.....
fml
Yesterday had a great day of very engaging / though provoking workshops.
LSCON in orlando can't wait to meet up with old friends and new.
See you all starting tues for certificate program!
Today is Documentary Day at the Malkoff house.
Some how Robsessed: Inside the life of Robert Pattinson did not make 's set list.
Ha!
I'm in it twice...I tell no lies..
follow me back please?
:
gracias brotha's!
def, lets keep in touch...we want to head back to TX this summer
Nasty ass putting hot sauce on eggs
lol....
it must b on the way 2 the trailer
A Penny SavedIs Useless.
Carl Jung
can I get a follow back too
that's why I can't believe this dude isnt in jail.
Change the story so Trayvon kills Zimmerman and ask if he walks free...
I got friends in low places.
I hate but love the moment when I'm going to follow someone only to find out I already do...
..
is that weird?
When you see that one person, and you get nervous, heart beaten fast.
How will you help the planet today?
Help someone else?
Work for a just cause?
Smile at people you meet?
Lots of options.
You're welcome!
Let us know details on any practices/media availabilities this week.
We'd like to catch the team before they head down.
I really want to tweet for during the game but I have a feeling I'll be falling asleep.
Regardless
Working the craft table at for
Listen to in class haha
My little sister just bumped into/recognized you in DC but didn't say hi.
She's a fan.
keep the termite ball titles coming, I love em.
Coming up on Saturday, November 5th  our First Saturday show with a very special guest, Keyboardist Nicholas Cole!
Nicholas is just 18...
oh man, algebra is so fun!
asdhgasjhdgaj i have to do math homework :
Philly fan, how cool would it be if Richards and carter went on to win the cup in LA?I would love it.
Couldn't agree more with the Iphone, had mine replaced today completely
Had to stop following some people on my twitter cuz they were flooding my feed with boring, dumb tweets.
Sorry about that : Well I'm happy to meet a San Diego matadorian
While billionaires are pledging millions to advance more income disparity I wonder who will build our assets trust fund?
Thanks Google, for taking the GOP debate to a new technological level.
Gmail sounds, Google Earth animations, and a live Youtube page.
I need you to call me and serenade me with Nsync or Jesse J and if you don't I'll leave you a voicemail singing Shakira:
Thanks so much for the follow, I love Toronto, I was there about a year ago with my 3 kids, they loved it too.
Oh ok...
I J's asking bc of the other day...yay
Did you missed RFTZ today?
It was invigoratingly brisk.
: doctorgrace PhiPhiOhara for the next doctorg superstar
he better.
i'm not sacrificing honor roll for that DB
: NOW FOLLOWING Followback!
RAVENSNATION Fan from TN!!
We got you big homie!
I'll be there.
Sounds like a good one!
I didn't mean just me, right now : When it's healed Put that offer out there and I'd bet you'll get lots of takers.
I fuckin love rappers that make songs and lyrics talk about some real ass shit !!
ColeWorld , Eminem ,
1734 Frenchmen St.
Is the addoctorss of the Construction site.
Come out and join us
Researching for an upcoming project.
Yessir...can't wait for tomorrow!
maybe 10 years ago haha those are like VHS...
it's all digital now
that's what she said RT boring!
more like yawn cock
lmfao, i miss him.
I swear he is so slow but so amazing.
Remember when the IC title was considered the workrate belt?
Yeah, me neither anymore.
Looking forward to our shoot tonight!
Almost wrapped with the beautiful Mary Lechter!
Need a new title for my new sitcom.
CBS didn't like Home game.
How bout some help?
how about WINNING!
if your from MKE you do
Hi Amy, I'm just sitting up thinkin about yall, and planing my escape back there...I'm serious...
The news I just remembered one of my old managers told me when I was working at Walmart  lol
Hi!
Confirming 3 pm
The Flyers look ready to play and take a quick 10 lead on the Pens.
Hit on Crosby shows Flyers mean business
Authors  have you used book trailers?
What's your experience  good or bad?
Readers  do you like book trailers?
Set up EEEPC for trip then it crashed.
Took much later train, reset factory defaults, fiddled til battery ran out, now almost back in be ...
The bank account is the worst.
I haven't even looked at mine in like a week.
No good.
def will create engagement  develop attractive sponsorship platform or one that ups current value
What's new?
Be hungry for tarragon mayo, zucchini pizza with hummus and crunch wasabi peas, fried sushi cheeseburger, carnitas egg sandwich
: when you stay unemployed to avoid paying child support
RT : Just got charged 5751 for a cup of coffee at .
Manager wasnt even apologetic when I called to report it.
Why does everyone in shaler think they r a rapper
DM would be better.
If u have more than a Top 10, I'll give you my EM addoctorss, it's part of both a FB page and twitter.
Thanks!
solid point.
Never thought about that.
do Romney?
Auditioning for a guest spot on 'What's Happening?' he also ALWAYS seems to have a new tan.
I love my April Challengers!!
So encouraging of each other and keeping e/o motivated loseweight challenge Go Team!!!!
GrrrI'm usually winning at nikefuel and then syncs again :/
i bet if they announced new targeted assassination/indefinite detention programs targeted at SLOTHS that people might actually care
12/12/12, mark you calendar RT : The state of Wisconsin is voting on a proposal for Aaron Rodger's day today?
I dislocated my finger
Maybe those sharecroppers living hardscrabble lives wouldn't have had it so shitty if they'd swallowed their pride  played regular Scrabble
Think the imprint is on hiatus; not sure if future books coming or not.
If I hear anything I'll tweet it.
Thanks!
Do u write?
I know why we have reservations.
I don't think you do.
Classic.
Stable to table in 7 days.
racing industry axiom, no shame.
Should have 25 denk on it
In order to have wat you want you have to fight for it
The velvet lounge  Washington DCBangin party!!
That's because they can't get a real job !!!!!!
Awww....I got two FF?
You're a doll.
Just dawned on me I could actually call the  text message came from, but see tweets from earlier today regarding my hatred of the phone.
RT : RT : Retweet if you were a Belieber before Never Say Never came out.
but of course!
blackfriday gettin trampled in the mall
Man, sometimes parenting is the exact opposite of fun.
working on it..thanks for the heads up
An Ollie in salute to James Van Doren, who passed away.
Founder of the company that makes Vans  skateboarders shoes that became classics
Lead by Faith not by Sight 
Pacer game tonight 
Thanks again for all the support at the City Council meeting this past Tuesday!!!
I know the event will be a success!
Wish I could be there;
My cock is like a shark.
It's great, it's white, it comes when you are least expecting it
may the cards be wild

the spread is based on the horizontal stretch of formations to stress the defense in the run and pass game...
If the Bruins  the Penguins loose today....
Even as fan, I feel sorry hearing the news about Mariano Rivera  what his injury potentially means to his career.
Classact.
I really wasn't though
both tested positive, both served bans, both reinstated, not quite sure your question beyond that.
10FacebookTips if you tend to update your status every minute, then it's time to get a Twitter.
Purpose gives birth to hope and instills the passion to act.
My mom is making me this tea with some weed, idk what it is lol
Trut confirms this in emails to me: clearly foxes not reached domestic state yet.
Repro and other reasons.
Thrilled  thank you so much!!
HUNGER GAMES FANS: Dont forget to check out our page tomorrow  where well be posting HG trivia every hour!
haven't done that in a while had to do it up :
Heading back to Tampa in a few weeks.
Should be fun.
LOL
Saw lots of people walking the indoor track at Harrington today.
Don't forget to sign up for MOUNT MOVES by 1/27.
Who is your favorite?
Very curious!
no!
I didn't even see this one I'm gonna have to look into it a little more and see what we can do
5 n the morning o well.
U already knew the freaks came out at night.
So wut if I'm a night person.
God Is Good
that's so sick I may be kind of jealous lol
After Dahmertour protesters talking peacefully with customers, calmly expressing viewpoints.
My pleasure!
Love my new ULINX bracelet!
Have always loved you like a friend sitting across the kitchen table.
Wishing you peace.
i followed!
:D
I thought about taking notes, but I figure if not taking notes means seeing some of the levels a few extra times no big.
I always feel like if I DM either he'll never respond because he has so many, or I'll bother him :
Latinas are the fastest growing demographic in the workplace.
nevermind its all good.
Congratulations on your new car.
A new car is always very exciting.
ENJOY IT!!
discourse is done in common at all levels, that's the beauty of it.
Richmond Police are in the park.
Items are being confiscated.
Estimated over 20 police vehicles.
Getting my license in a month, I should probably start looking for a car.
Anyone in LA have a Devi Ever fuzz I can try out?
I really don't want to go to Santa Clara to check em out in person.
Welcome to Twitter ...
will be happy to see you join tweeterville
Hey !
A nonprofessort from your hometown would love to talk w/u about a tiny project.
Can you have your people call us?
Will msg
We'll see who is the Dem nominee for gov in NC's primary which is only two weeks from tomorrow!
Unless I decided to suspend it
Just met Jamie Eason at the gym for the 2nd time.
Super stoked!
RT : A child can ask questions that a wise man cannot answer.
Author Unknown
Thanks Shane for the refollow; have a good night.
u mean he like page or her like actual facebook?
and how do u kno its real if its her actual facebook?
Agree : Cowboys and Aliens was pretty terrible.
Cool!
Did you get John Larroquette's autograph?
Just saw a Yellow Mamba sign ...lol too funny
everybody help trend
Bye Lance Thompson.
Great guy, but seriously, why all the worry about a D line coach?
stopanimalabuse God made all the creaturesandgave them our loveandour fear, To give sign, we and they are His childoctorn, one family here.
Me And MoM About To Go Have Some Mother And Son Time!!!
MaMasBoy
That should be me.....
Boys becoming men, men becoming wolves...
says, Go Lehigh!
FML..Fuck my brain.
I'm going home.
KaylaDZ  Welcome Home!
Hope U had a great time.
Cool...Cool.....Thanks!!!!
I think you'll like it though...Everybody that heard it so far been goin crazy
: thanks for following me.I'll follow back, have a great tuesday.
Great Pierpont University with of today!
Good discussion and lots of sharing.
If you always did what you always did, you'll always get what you've always got.
I'm missing a sock.
, do you know where it is?
Great to see old friends and meet new ones last night at the Phila Am Marketing Assoc.
I am excited for the upcoming season of events!
Yesterday, at work, we had an awesome mexican food potluck.
I made turkey tacos, pretty standard, but yummy
Auditioning dancers for dirty ball and more projects for rest of season at point park.
Great dancers here a total blast.
There is nothing I dislike more in this world than the doctor's office.
You're a good friend!
:D RT : I have followed you on, what, 18 different handles now?
;
MXpresidentialDebate Quadoctor: this debate is the same old, polititians against each other, proposes Brazilian system of development
I'm going to kill myself thinking about it all night tho.
:/
There's no food in my shitty house
Shit.
Air con has gone out upstairs.
It's almost 90 degrees up there.
I love you with all my fingers toes and every ounce of my blood.
Haha and even more than that 
I wear my club masters and listen to I stand alone
who are you?
Oh no!
Very sorry, Chad, happy to refund any errant charges.
Could you doctorp me a note in feedback at the end of your trip?
no way!
that's awesome!!!!!
Just sent USD 20 to Wikipedia.
What would you do if it went away ?
For me the answer is...
Not very much.
Things you never want to hear your coworkers say: At least we know where the bullet wound came from.
Just realized why Facebook has seemed so meaningless and empty lately.
I will definitely catch it, will be a bit of a story here, mentioned on baseball telecast already.
I would thing they would change it now
das what ma hoodie smell like lol
See you there!
I've never had bugs before.
I have fun playing, but not sure I like the game community.
Special s/o to all my cousins that's graduating tonight, , , , ,  3
with good bourbon...maybe.lol
thank you Bro Goodmorning to you too :
America Where a man can say what he thinks, if he isn't afraid of his wife, his boss, his customer, his neighbors, or the govern
It remains to be seen whether the EEOC ruling will stand up in court.
It's no substitute for inclusive
Last day of tcf training : met some pretty great people.
Happy New Year!!!!!
Sometimes you just have to!
There's still time.
I plan a massive push tomorrow, if I can think of anything that happens.
Great lunch sweet potatoes and Sanford  Son.
This morning, my smoke detector went off while I was in the shower.
One of us can't tell the difference between smoke  steam.
How much gum is too much?
We built paved roads before everyone owned a car.
You must predict future trends and fix probs before they are a prob.
Oh man!
I just love rain...
Not!:
the white M11 earloops were just released.
We should get those this month.
We can special order the white 7500 earloops for you.
thanks for taking the time for an interview on your big day  congrats and good luck in Cincy
Cody Jasper is one his generations best guitarists.
professorQuote of the Day I exercised extreme librarianship.
can we just take your dads work car that pays fir gas and roadtrip downthere please omg
Gratuitous Moby Dick quote: There is no folly of the beasts of the earth which is not infinitely outdone by the madness of men.
Are you one of the dozens of fans going to the Padoctors tonight?
lol I was probably there; big fan for 20 yrs.
She's a pretty consistent performer.
It was a lot of fun, excellent food at venue.
Thanks to Joe's Tech Theater class for decking the halls today!
The magic isn't just on the stage at Gemini!
Okay I seriously need to do my homework even though I really don't want to.
Is anyone good at math?
If so please hmu I need help, thanks :
even that greatest is not perfect
Speaker by the log flume is playing nonstop Very real possibility I won't move from this spot all afternoon.
New Follower Yay!!!
DEV, NYC's New Seed Fund For Digital Media Startups, Announces First Investments  TechCrunch
The Bull Alvarez is getting me excited with the way he's swinging it lately.
Another bomb in St.
Louis for his 6th of the season.
saw it a midnight screening dude.
No way I was missing it.
Our most popular products are now available in 17 Holiday fragrances.
Rejuvenate your skin with the Midwest Bath Salt Company.
It's Easter!
If someone never goesthey go then.
OMG ITS
No, lol Kansas doesn't have much of a music seen.
I mostly travel in the Midwest.
going to see Lane Kiffin, John Robinson and Pat Haden speak in San Francisco tonight.
Hopefully they actually say something interesting.
my flat butt will never be in velvet brown pants on a treadmill, or in real life.
oh you asian cuties yahoo cuttteeee.
What a fabulous holiday weekend with my peeps and Kelsey Jo!
Its been a blast!!!!
Wass good young hoe; you about it.
In case ThankYouRachael trends I want my tweets to be up there!
DC shamelessselfpromo ;
The eyes will see what you want to see and the ears will hear what you want to hear but the heart feels what is real:
LMAO!!!
RT : I swear Matt Barnes is El DeBarge's secret son...
I just ran 345 feet at a time of 7:43:08 using Run Keeper, NikeSomething and GPS.
One has to embrace the world like a lover, and yet demand no easy return of love
another good choice would be our Glam Lipstick in 'Red Carpet'!
A job posting crossed my desk today that had the requirement for a potential candidate to receive 10 or more pokes per day.
Really?
Where is my elephant ring?
I lost my elephant ring.
And now it's all I want to wear.
But even a Macguffin can have significance.
you know how i di
Today I sat in a chair and stapled my shoe back together at work.
Savoring THE VAULT by the amazing Ruth Rendell.
Reg Wexford rules, even in retirement.
Gabe  Tim Williams, and I are truly sorry that the ruined the Fenway 100th last night
It'll be later in April...and we'll dish about it soon!
PROMISE!
So excited to have you!
miss u guys already and kyle  lol
Good for you, Nori!
You're moving ahead and quickly!
I wish you the best!
Have a great evening!
I got it off their Facebook it's 18666459100:
Dieting is a longterm project.
The slowsteady process works!
quotes Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.
At least this weekend is supposed to be nice.
what's the dates of the album release party?
I'll keep posting for ya!
I think you'll get a login when reg table opens up, I think.
So Matt jus called me big daddy jus for a chair
When are they pushing around the margarita cart?
:
I know ur excited but live in the moment!
Enjoy ur last few days bc I promise 1 day ul wish u cld go back!
: live it up!
If You Know Better, You'll Do Better..!!

would love for Philly to whoop the B's.
Danny B is still the man.
Anger accomplishes nothing but to inflict pain on a defenselss person demands a reaction and anger comes to you.
I meant....lol...what class are you gonna roll?!
Lol
Facebook was just starting as a media the last time I was on the air.
It sure is the new radio pacifier.
If you LOVE XFactor we have one hour until the results.
I'll follow everyone who follows me.
Feeling under the weather, but looking forward to today's opportunities.
lol did u want it??
island of the blue dolphins is more girly and still islandy.
Happy new year suck it is every one ok .
Steven a just put on a I heart  shirt  I never thought I'd see the day
Exciting!
I never win anything.
I would have personally gone for the Bacon, but anticipated the market to demand Rothko.
Bingo.
I feel fat.

wht time it was going to be and then they are going to to an interview with fly 92.3..they said sometime in
coo just let me know whats up
Great Review!
Always thought these guys never got the cred that they Deserved!
Not for nothing but shouldn't cyclists have to register their bikes and putting money towards bike lanes, instead of doctorvers/walkers.
SomeoneIWantToMeet most of my followers.
gonna get on that gcode status cuhh.
Pretty sure I just saw a cop that was running radar n she was sleeping instead...
I am probably the only person on the planet that would get excited about a junky flip phone.
just saw Good Deeds I LOVED IT.
Thank u for ur thoughtfulness both on camera  off!
You inspire me!
Thank u.
how are you?
Building a design culture Brad Colbow,
The Raid: Redemption.
Stop what you're doing and go see it now.
Now that's how you off people!
Who's here??
Tweet me :D
Ever had one of those moments when you discover you've been listening to the same song on repeat, but have no idea how long it's been plyng?
Snell Library will be offering FREE MASSAGES in the lobby on Dec 12th  13th from 122pm to help relieve stress from finals!
I found out he just produced Beyonce's new CD...A guy told my dad last night!
Everyone's PREGNANT !
Sitting in burger king with alannis and jazmyn.
haha I'm good G!
Just working wsup with you tho...you still playing ball?
I'll say it again: it seems pure crazy that a bit.ly link copied from Twitter is automagically converted to t.co on copyandpaste.
i wish i could just sleep all today ..
but whatever its worth the 
69Factsaboutme 19.
I want snake bites.
Jeff Weaver's brother just threw a nohitter..
60 followers away from 500!
Thanks for following, but I think we can get there soon!
Spread the word!
:
And when its over and its done, you almost wish you could you could have the bad stuff back, so that you could have the good too.
amazing speech!
He's invigorated and in it to win it!!
Wake up all you baby sleepy heads
Off to for Learning  Libations
Can't wait until Wednesday.
RT : Q2 we will learn from the learners because they can finally share their ideas
oh, those duodecimos are for me!
nothing like a pizza and a beer to help you unwind after a long week.
see you soon!
Yesterday was the perfect Austream lol.
It was hilarious.
i guess they're trying to say they're renegades of the food biz...
but they're prolly just fat
Hey Is anyone getting Pay vid's/ and the 7 Phone Ad?
always!
And you're pretty great too.
:
If anyone buys Hungry Catepillar for a kid, I guarantee that kid already has 5 copies.
It's some kind of recursive paradox.

saggy pants  coolness: apt metaphor for our future attitude as a professorssion?
jealous as HELL!!!
I wanna go home!!!
that's not my name...
New Follower hey boy hey
I picked your two favorite golfers this week
Talk is cheap blahh
I'm way too sober to deal with this many people singing Sweet Caroline outside my window all night.
I wonder do my ex ever think about me even though I shouldn't think about it
Following to get to know you.
doing great!!!
How and where are you?
I'm doing Pearl Fishers in Detroit right now :
Been reading a lot of Highlights?
I never break our or get pimples thank god.
Woody and John are turning 22 this week!
We are endorsing Maurice Classen for Seattle City Council pos.
1.
Adjourned.
Thanks for following!
Last time we lost game 1, we won the rest.
Oh look...
Good morning.
I'm an analog man trapped in a digital world.
Smh
me raises hand
Did you get your record signed?
CharlesBradley  supernice guy!
Terrified for 1140am tomorrow
Thanks!
I'm actually feeling much better now!
i shouldve been born in the UK
GIVE ME A SIGNAL THAT YOU LOVE US.
MahomiesAreFamily BigFamily 3.
16
You can't usually get a retroactive injunction, and workarounds can help prevent a future one.
yes!!
It's really exciting I'll give you all the details on our 6 hour plane ride to LAS VEGAS in 3 days!!!
Thank you
thanks Chris.
Hope you enjoyed the review!
only problem w/ comments re Castro is that Cubans in Miami have money.
Completely with you on this!!
Loving yourself is the first step to attaining a healthy body...
Want to try a new cabin cocktail try the Ginger Screwdoctorver.
An alternative to a bloody mary..
it's the new morning cocktail!
Emotional roller coasters
Record numbers flock to play in UAE Golf Clubs in the United Arab Emirates have been celebrating the increasing popularity of the sport i
ADD BOSTON!
ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON..
1DBostonConcert 22
I agree!
It was predictable until the end which I loved!
Also really annoyed with the love thing.
It's weird
We'll be at this Tuesday....
Hope to see some of you there!
People are so sketchy.
Bleg.
This is starting to get weird..
If love isn't a game, why are there so many players?!?!
The INSANE Cousins
words and suffer noble sorrows.
Thank you for helping make nycwff so great this year!

the best xmas gift would be if Pottermore was open to the public
I always say the worst enemy is yourself.
Massive Attack 
Corner Story
I've activated that code again as well!
Let us know if you still have trouble finding it!
Fringe fringe fringe fringe fringe fringe fringe fringe.
that would be awkward Oo and hilarious
FOLLOW ME BACK: 29
UPDATE: I have now fired as my spiritual advisor  agent and hired MY DUUDE What up famo!
cant you come after world of fun?
Day gone by, and what do I have to show for it?
Too few emails sent and one Apps Script written.
He was protesting what he says is a corrupt BCS system of selecting the teams.
Haters will hate but that gives you strength
or whatever you wanna call it.
Haha so at school today in everyone of my classes we pretty much did nothing but watch the tournament on tv
S/O to  for following.
whats new guys?
That's 121 true!:
Walking on flat ground and still managing to trip.
No weapon formed against me shall prosper
thought: Taxes, are the dues that we pay for the privileges of membership in an organized society.
Roosevelt, Franklin D.
...
Thanks for the FF, We love your twitter feed, as well.
Keep the good stuff coming.
I need some new sunglasses...I'll wear then during the day and at night!
Pretty sure my dog is going to give birth sometime tonight.
Ah, new puppies  I get to keep one!
:
oh, no!
Is it because of all the closing Mass ave.
business?
Small business in Albuquerque is getting a boost at the South Valley Economic Development Center and their Open House today  25pm
christmas is almost here, you know what that means.
BIITTCCHHHEESSS.
i mean presents, i had my holidays mixed up.
Silent mute button, Inadvertently switched to Dev/nul, still functions
Pay day  MakingMoney!
I'm daring enough to go to SHA, foolish enough to be presenting, what's the doctorss code, just out of curiosity?
Jeans  nice shirt?
YouKnowItsOn when i close and lock the door;
yea, me too!
i don't know what I will do without music.
rain on me by pitbull and marc anthony
Happy birthday
Who are these people, and why do they keep sending me email?
Lexi, Cousin Kayleigh,  I are belting out We Are Young , you'd be so proud :
I'm impressed with what the Browns did last night.....so far I grade them B.
At least they didn't fuck it up.
that is amazing!!
where is this?
Nestlamp;eacute; Purina voluntarily recalls single lot of therapeutic canned cat food Analytical testing of the product sample indicated
awesome!!
: : It's so nice to find GF options at great restaurants, isn't it!?
: Have a happy week :
I want some ice cream tho
And our last bonus point is: share your favorite adventure from our Savor South Madison Scavenger Hunt!
I will!
and thank you but you are so much prettier :
What a romantic idea.
Love it.
: HTML is the DNA of the web.
via
If you live in the twin cites and aren't reading streets.mn, you should.
That makes two of us.

This niggah rite here, is high af at the moment.
angry birds.
E got me hooked.
HEY your future husbands are right here.
Ha!
RT Two quarters of SuperBowl and the strongest performer is Madonna...
An already stellar evening, turbocharged by the fantastic appearance of Jeru the Damaja.
Twitter is less complicated from my andoctorid.
Thank you app maker.
yes, state officials can be prosecuted by ICC.
under int.
law diplomatic immunity can't be claimed as an excuse for war crimes
County computer upgrade temporarily shuts down bookings, courts information  Herald Zeitung
Sitting in the city bored..
Same here!
Hustlin hard and laughing at the hurdles ;P
not too bad, just hopped into bed.
And you?
When leaders have proved unwilling or unable to defend the public interest a social movement becomes vitally important....
Just watched a crow with white wing feathers fly past my window.
you know who he is right :P lol ?
grilled chicky salad w/ balsamic  gorgonzola  Sammy's.
Delish!
Right on.
We'll look forward to meeting you!
I have all the Glee songs :,
Shawty got a donk, call her Vince Carter.
I've never been to a lakers game though
nicely done
If I could just spend 5 minutes with my life would be complete 3
Gym yesterday, hike in GriffithPark today...yeah, I'm good and ready to hurt myself at somebody's table.
omg I know.
So much happened so fast I think I can write a book on multiples.
wants me to start a blog
Can I get a what what?!
I have by far THE WEIRDEST phone conversations with
Here's our first tweet!
Enjoy!
So far Browns have best pics in doctorft through first round.
.
any actual living and breathing continental philosopher and not a crossdoctorssing ordinary analytic
Judge asks Huguely defense for a doctor's note about illness causing delays.
Rob one of my biggest doctorams it to talk to you so will you follow me and just like say hey or somethin please
Bob Taylor liked the film!
Spent a fantastic day and night with Bob.
So the show Awkward was a smash.
And the show SMASH is awkward.
Finally finished editing photos in my shop.
Though I might need to retake some.
You can see 3 styles from 3 apts in 3 states.
might not go to school today
POKER TIP OF THE DAY: It is a luxury to be able to play poker.
Always see it as the luxury it is and do not feel entitled to anything.
Omg christian and kyle.
That just made my day hahhahahahahah
GOT some beats for u to rock on ,,,ima rowl in qv some time this week with majestic ill holla when i touch base bruh
Just fired you a email.
Hit me back when you have time.
I'll have a mediumly regular.
me trying to order coffee this morning caseofthemondays things haven't really improved..
1st degree murder is an unlawful killing of a human being intentionally by another person with malice.
I hope you saw my tweet : We  you Juliann!
Why are you singing watches?
I am confused.
What are they for?
Please answer :
Game day at BRCC is Saturday at BRCC!
Be there!
Women at 1 and men play at 3!!
If you're not prepared to be wrong, you'll never come up with anything original.
Sir Ken Robinson
Thanks!
Such a wonderful compliment.
The paper has a lot more than the talk esp about how one might approach this.
Love to talk more.
lets do hard shit today.
O
Sabres on a roll!!!
Wedding Planning Ideas Which are Easy To Carry out by baliwedding
The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth!
So help me!!!!!!
and vice versa.
I hate when people tweet stuff like If this gets 50 RTs Gagas flawless Well is flawless no matter how many RTs ur tweet gets
are you getting excited for your shower this weekend?
Can't wait!!
Wedding is right aroung the corner!
Switch btw map view and satt view on Google Maps.
Map shows prop lines, satt shows sidewalk.
Prop line is further back.
Spring2012 Enrollment begins today for Graduate, Medical, and 3rd  4th yr professorssional students.
See student ctr for your exact appointment
Watch!
Your thoughtsbecome words.
Words become actions.
Actions become habits.
Habits become character.
Character becomes your destiny.
It's been a long time since I slapped anybody.
I did get into some fights in middle/highschool.
None of them were fun or gratifying.
Don't you just love when you show 9 year olds a YouTube video and they can't stop quoting it all day .
email them, they are surprisingly nice and responsive.
maybe you ran out?
Great weekend at The Swelling goes 31.
Next year we play on Sunday...
Woot!
Thanks, Kevin, for yet another fun visit!
with beamy in the car shop,m trying to get her all fixed :
just got in da crib cuz.
in the army and in Memphis baha
Snowing hard in Westchester NY.
My 3year old son is over the moon with delight.
Hard to be crabby like I would have been any other year.
Can't build a title team around McGee.
No way RT Should the Nuggets pay big money to keep JaVale McGee?
I say yes.
Your thoughts?
Miss the NASCAR favorites of my youth, Davey Allison and Alan Kulwicki
What's up guys?
If you haven't heard, is now playing guitar for D1C.
Give him a follow and tell him he's handsome.
RT RT RT
Duhh now i can harass you here two
I swear I hate these niggas out here.
I fucking promise you I do.
i LOVE it there!!!!!
Let's do it!
for school???
Happy Founder's Day
I love my boots.
thanks for helping me make the right choice.
WOW.
You could have gone faster on your board.
dude that movie is amazing.
Its all insanely true and all insanely awesome
Trust issues.
Only when I'm dancing can I feel this free.
Madonna
Great pic!
Love the warm sunny color.
Gotta go thru this all over again..ugh
it just screamed YOU!
Need to make sure that Dolphins don't win division and NE/NYJ get wild cards.
NE win eliminates MIA from division winning.
that's so crazy; i had asked MLA what the tag would be and no one ever responded.
metadata chaos!
Open Mic Tonight  Texas Mist on 183
It is time to boycott !
They support ALEC  its voter suppression bills, KillatWill laws, and other nasty laws!
Life, health, clarity of mind, family and friends!
that vid gona pop; i dont give two fucs about who say what broo!
A huge thank you to Joe Hamel for his contribution to Voodoo Macbeth Staged Reading!

Cooking Bacon  Eggs For The Kiddos .
well ima need you to change that then lol
I think we got it man.
I'm always nervous but I feel REALLY good about this year!
Beats, Rhymes,  Life: The Travels of a Tribe Called Quest will be playing at the Ford Amphitheater this Friday at 8:30PM!
searching for this shit .
My dog got a LONG dick!!!!
Lmfaooo!!!!!
I'd rather be a person not known at all than to be known for someone I am not.
So.over.the.dentist ouch!
I mean 
I will buy you some Lulu's Thai food in Kansas City when you make it out here.
His father earned the bronze star; mister Collins never served.
If asked to describe yourself in a few words just refer to your most recent Google searches.What is Pinterest, Mega millions, Famous slave
Crock Pot Trio Sweepstakes was a success!
Now wondering what our next giveaway should be?
I love you too babe!!
Oh my GOD this is the best lemon bar I've ever had!
FF Awesome genealogy resources and authors
Not right now, but we'll let you know!
ya ok uh
lazy.butt.idis luckily I don't suffer from this...
Fake Skype account messages are appearing again in email.
Don't open any links in the messages and delete it.
Waaah.
My baby is an adult.
Baccalaureate is over...Senior Night, graduation party and Graduation left to go.
: So fun to hang out as always.
uh oh thats going to be one happy fan lol
Tillett identifies Chief Adversaries: nationalists, crime rings, malicious insiders, and hacktivists.
Apple cinnamon oatmeal it the best!!
This weekend is going to be crazy !
Birthdays tomorrow !!!!
One hour until the Sherman Oaks Farmers' Market!
: Please join us from 3 pm until 8 pm behind the mall on Riverside doctorve!
See you there!
everyones throwing up gang signs lol
their logo is too intense
Lunch meeting with margaritas  my kind of meeting
Mentions  Dead.
HMU.
That awkward moment when your laughing to yourself and someone sees you.
That's a very sweet thing to do for ur followers!
Congratulations to u and ur amazing girl Brenda!
I'm a big fan!
Peace
My bitch make your bitch look like precious.
Thanks for the follow!
You hate your life, while some people are doctoraming of having your life.
Did you know that Governor Ritter proclaimed May as Colorado Golf Month!
So let's get out and golf!
Whose gonna stop me?
And I called you!
I think that puts Ryan up 31, right?
Crap.
Are they trying to mansplain stuff to you?
Ugh.
:
US Muslims need to pick a side.
If you are not with us then you are against us.
If you don't like us, then leave.
talking about me so horny!
To date, save for our inhouse Editorial Assistant/Archive guy, guest posts on the Archive blog have all been voluntary.
JobsdoctorkeHadBeforeBecomingARapper DEGRASSI BITCH!
Installed iOS 5 on my phone last night without backing up my apps and now, all of my games have completely reset!!!
I need an angrier font!
Love this!!
: Q4 a bicycle!
Your helping the environment and getting exercise at the same time!
OneSmallAct
That's funny.
My ny friends all seem to be complaining about the soupy weather today.
autonomy was the project that got Adam and Eve kicked out of the garden...not a gift God gave them.
55 to fill up my gas tank!
Ah!!!!
I screamed like a little girl.
Good god.
it wont come until like, june.
i told you.
lol
vlad was a solid brand with a solid base.
Good character w a good platform.
dhtrial judge took d atty inside chambers.
Separate from abc atty woman.
Crowd just did a deafening chant: WE WANT STEVE!
GOOD ONE !
: The first period has ended with the Blues and Kings tied 11.
The Blues outshot the Kings 1311.
bluesplayoffs
I need a haircut so bad!
Thanks for the follow!
It was gr8 working w/ y'all in 24HourTheatreProject yesterday.
Hope we get 2 do it again!
Two more minutes before lightning talks!
Tornado!
Oh no, Auntie Em!
You can usually import it into Access and export it back out as CSV.
And then get a large, tall glass of something heavily alcoholic
Nice work Cano!
hrderby he put on a good show!
Get ready, Chris Forsberg from ESPN Boston is coming on up.
He's such a buttmuncher/ imma tell ya ONE TIME
putting it back in lol....I just wanted to see how much it grown that's all
RE: George Bush on meth...bwahahahaa...!!
Yo you should DM with details on how to get on your radio station!
check us out here...
Soundcloud.com/iamforyou
I have a case of SPRING BREAK fever and its bad!
Ready for tonight.
Can't wait to go to Camden Yards tonight, and watch the best team in baseball.
come on man with aj gone I'm gonna need a cool buddy here.
doctorb is such a goody goody and swish is just weird.
which will be NEVER Puss Cake !!!
Have the courage to TALK a different girl!!!!
;
Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.s
Go Follow my ninja
Horrible play calling for 1st n goal series...could cost us!
AGirlDeserves a dump on her chest
Of course!
Stop in and see us, or kustomthrills.com and fill out a tattoo request form!
Yeah Touchdown!
touchdowny !
RT If you only ever give 90 in training then you will only ever give 90 when it matters.
Michael Owen
...just checked in to My life is complete.
BreakfastRoseBurger, here I come.
Not ready for school!
in a boxing match you're right, I don't doubt that...but in a good old fashion cage match, I'll take him out on the ground
Parents use cellphones as an electronic leash for their childoctorn
Shit I just had to eat some celery : Lol!
I feel ya girl, fridge raiding as I type :P
haha I know!!
I love living on the beach3
Is it possible to be in a relationship without other guys hating on the relationship.
Like seriously get a life.
Please and thank you.
Okay so what you wanted to talk to me about.?
RT : well I was mad N bored
what more can u ask for its friday.
you made it through the week
Trying to push data back to the DB via CakePHP Ajax web service  please help!!
New Bordellos!!:
Strange people at the bus stop .
I believe you.
I just misheard.
Likely the former.
Which tent will you live in, discontent or contentment?
great song lol
I miss ya too!
I haven't seen you since the concert which was a bajillion years ago!!
Wishing everyone a fabulous Easter weekend!
I just got the best phone call ever from my nephew...
I wouldn't want to wash their uniforms.
Stinky!
Working on some new stuff for the site!
You know why i have trustissues but yet and still you do the shit that makes me paranoid
What would I do without you...
Having withdoctorwals without my laptop today...
:/
This song save my life :
Wait.
Spurs play the Warriors next...RJ!!
for sure.
also, that was the first game after they traded for Fister.
id say it was a pretty good weekend.
Seeing you yesterday just makes me miss everything we had...
i know it's not worth wishing though
is there any ecommerce system you're using?
We have worked with a lot of other nonprofessorts to improve their organization!
I use Pinterest just for fun, but I know designers who use it to share images/foster collaboration
My handwriting always looks awful compared to everyone else's.
Sorry for the tormenting, just want to make sure had something to look forward to!
See you Friday/Saturday I hope?
mumford and sons  
Hi!
I started when I was 4 in theater productions!!
I'm in Houston but work in Austin San Antonio, mostly in the Texas area!
you've inspired me to rewrite my own
Try our doctoramy Chocolate Cake Special.
Order today and enjoy it for tomorrow at the office!
Sitting in the hall is so relaxing.
Justin Bieber:Never Say Never
Do your hobbies include playing video games?
If they do, then you probably play a lot of them
btw, w/ me having a place in LA.
We can have BErrinchudas Brunch at my place, and doctorw sharpie brows on ourselves too.
me too.
the wildcat is all bullshit.
ask
do you make childoctorn doctorp their ice cream?
:3 Kelsey xoxo
They're all closed!
D:
Well...I'm alive but need 2 repent 4 my choice of words when I thought we were making our decent towards death; Thanks everyone 4 praying!
Ur Very welcome.
Contact us   become part of our soon to release mobile guide app.
Offer promotions
So tired from track today lol great day td
OMG I MISS YOU TOO!
Lots of nibbles at bonfoster2012 tonight....and the food is pretty good, too: Congratulations to everyone at !
how do u handle so many rude comments all day?
Props to u girlie.
On my way to get my braces off!
Been waiting for this day for forever!
your optimism about this makes me want to vomit
Thanks!
I appreciate it!
:
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
I just noticed Larry King don't even have a twitter pg  LarryKing wow he needs to get with the time no wonder L for?
lol
not really.
Too tired;
Know what's crazy?
How much I love being called Monster.
Capital M.
Yeah, I dig it.
Thanks.
3
Content delivery networks are youtubelike channels that can offer more security.
They also tunnel videos to youtube.
it's simple.
For some, the rules of the game always changes when it hits close to home.
Yes, me too!
Thank you!
IMO, no, As much as you love Aubrey, it is an experience to love another pet.
When it is time that will/might happen.
u still hearin da peer pressure 4 u 2 play n NY?
: How bout dem GMen???
So excited for !
What a game!
s/o to for having good taste RT Shout out to !
I checked out your sweaters and they're UNREAL.
Flash deal  Checkin with 4sq and receive a special surprise  only today in Coral Gables
Judge Alex ain't playing!!!!
Design Research Conference isn't over yet, but my head is buzzing with ideas.
Very interesting data talks this morning.
I'll confess, I'm not trying very hard.
Remember, the greatest use of a life is to spend it on something that outlasts it
Beware of false prophets which come to you with rocketmail accounts.
Yes.
Good for you.
Dominos b4 wrk my moms LOVES ME!!!
happy Jonas day 3
This woman tried to tell me my boarding nmbr doesn't matter.
Bitch yes it does!
I'm on before you now move!
Mixed feelings 
Patriots won the super bowl when Charlie Weis left to ND and Romeo Crennel left to Cleveland.
Shouldnt make a difference if your the best.
My biggest comeback wins...from 15 down in racquetball and 11 down in 2on2 playground basketball.
I feel you BYU!
Omg!
Lmao!!
: Lmao y'all know about the church finger
Where's the inciting incident in Groundhog Day?
When he wakes up and its still Groundhog Day?
That's page 25!
Dex: Social networking is like a club.
Twitter is the dance floor, tumblr is the bar and facebook is the people crying in the toilets.
Are you after any of the Marni x HM necklaces?
I saw and thought of you!
Guilty as charged.
So far, so good.
Thanks!
Howz U?
At the AWIDforum, discussing the main contributions of feminist economics  value of equity  recognizing unpaid  domestic work
u not fxckin wit it?
every month something big happens with my music, I'm ready for next month.
ticket giveaway on tuesday!
new songs soon
The amount of tootsie pop wrappers in my backpack haha
So sore from zumba last night!!!
But still can't wait to go back today!
1 hour count down!!!!!
so am I!
;
Even Ike Turner and Joe Jackson are jealous of this beating.
Good morning session, the boys had some fun in the Oxy Gauntlet
NEWBURY STREET: Who's got Beantown fever?!
We do and we're serving up brand new BOSTON CREAM PIE frozen yogurt to celebrate!
I LOVE my backround!!!!!!!
my pleasure!
man we are good at taking test in math lol xD!
Also if counseling or individual therapy is available to you as a friend, that can help you figure how best to help.
Skills etc.
I want soup.
French Onion.
I picked some up at target and they are not too shabby.
Will have to try the WS.
Oh man!
That was my afternoon pick me up.
twitter jail for the second time lol
Armgard von Reden EUdpconf Safe harbor agreement now a teenager,  like teenager needs lots of tender loving care  .
Great analogy
Have you tried our new our new sorbet????
It is done with our signature prosecco and blood orange!
suck my weiner im not jealous!;
Haha that's one way to look at it!
;
Sorry to hear that.
But if you ever post any of the photos, please ping me.
happy birthday!!!
Bvlgari, Tiffany's ;
When post st patty's day results in only a few bruises and a broken nail i would call the night a sucess
What the hell is going on at Macys in downtown Minneapolis today?
Live music and Brazlian babes and beefcakes posing on platforms!
I'm absolutely loving Twitter right now to be able to keep up with what's happening in Brazil right now!
History in the making...
Someone needs to escort this guy...yes you in the pink doctorss shirt...back to his hotel.
Too much alcohol
come join us on recruithighschool.com it's free post highlight tapes and photos for free get exposure to college coaches
I'm going for a brief footy session.
When j get back hope to see 125 followers.
Thanks for following!
he gone make get his bro haha
How Are you?
Enjoying the weather in Miami yet?
The Wings are so good at everything, they even lose better than any other team!
Now 60.
I want in girls!
'A real man doesn't make his lady jealous of other women, he makes other women jealous of his lady....love this
you are such an amazing actress keep it up!!
I wanna stay in my warm bed ah
thanks for the follow!
have you checked out our music yet?:
at circ de sol le OVO but following the hawks Allin.
Let's go boys
So much love to give.
just got my hair shaved oO
Can't take IUbb right now.
I'm switching to Adam Levine, I mean
that parquet floor looks really good!
Music to database artifacts by: Easing into the week with a little Billie Holiday, Chet Baker  doctor John.
shut up shan!
where the hell is Jasmine?
I beez in the trap
Maybe that was Edward's pet name for Hunter.
You know, something he called her to help set the mood.
Thanks for the suggestion!
indeed u did !
i saw it..
whenever u gave it back to me ..
smh at u !
Off my twitter hiatus and now outta pocket.
Scrolled down to tweets like 10 hours ago.
RTing random stuff.
The Vow  The Lucky One
always good to hear about Whit and the boys!
thanks!
:D
Melanoma is the most common form of cancer for young adults 2529 years old
How Do You Decide How Much To Put In Your 401K?
Any Ideas?
My mother was very unhappy the teacher was encouraging us to read harlequin romances and so I read a pulp mystery instead.
Hey and , we r 60!
Can we please have a shirt sponsor now?
lol they don't know nothing about the alley!!
The Hippo song is coming up just before noon!
Theresa
Thanks for the retweet!
Hope to see you there!
:

Love the Rottie puppies on your Twitter background!
Just saw your comments about Snooki, hilarious!
And your Grandma sounds like someone I'd hang out with, lol.
keep spending your time worrying about the yanks enjoy the playoffs bro ALCS starts sat nite in the BRONX
i love you and you inspired me to keep on dancing.
I will always be a fan and Be ICONic can you please follow me?
one of the worst ways to hit on someone is asking how can someone so beautiful be single?
welcome to the blogger group!
TOGETHER WE CAN.
SHOOT THE MOON, STOP THE RAIN, EVEN RIDE A HURRICANE.
staaahp it Cheetah Girls.
Very interesting to see Hoopla demo today.
Apparently they're looking at a per download/use model.
thingsicantstand when people say they like 2 mins away and really take like 1520 minutes
overexcessive but they look pretty nice lol
Change the way u think  u change the way u feel
Ric puts the black people in the back of deshas when he seats them.
Your weird and I'm weird..wanna be friends?:
u inflated cake
About 40 are depressed about climate changethink we won't or can't do anything about it, so not worth trying.
Aww we're cute ;
Oh I can hear them playing
how so?
Ju Only Lib Once LMFAO RT: J O L O
they also removed Duty, Honor, and Courage
you're beautiful.
Top fielding percentage in both Leagues for a pitcher?
I hate stupidity.
That's just something I can't tolerate..
she never said in the story that the service was bad.
She just said she didn't want to tip
the best writers goes to , AllTimeNutella and 1Donlyyouu .
Now it's just iPads.
Thx for edits!
About to explode on a new canvas!
Everything is perfect, listening to Muse, doctornking wine, having a blast.
painting abstract, pics soon!
perfect!
Let's do something this weekend please!
Something exciting!
Great tip: Don't eat anything your greatgrandmother wouldn't recognize as food
Killer oysters tonight at Jax, among other things...
;
Don't judge a book by its cover.
I know several male dancers, and they are all dedicated and respectful.
Don't start this.
commencent keynote addoctorss fail
Youwannaimpressme don't assume I sleep in a coffin?
It would take 20 coffins just to hold my designer vnecks.
History Channel.
USA 1 Boom
Wont save ya no extra RT : Eat ya girl up fa breakfast
Happy Mother's Day!
broke my hand in the last fucking game of the season...
played through it..then got the cast put on
OI OI OI you were freakin funny friday u gotta take that funny to New Zealand!!
Waiting for my truck to be done...The Auto Clinic is the best!
thx for the rt.
Cheers.
Much love to Chicago Jazz Ensemble and Nicholas Payton.
great performing with you tonite
is slower than molasses a time?
we have new snapbacks on there.
Tanks coming shortly
6 services in 18 hours!
2 down 4 to go.
Please pray for me  my voice needs strength.
Just left an informative meeting with the Hotel Guru, Bob Rauch.
Hey I love that your ukulele is twitter.
Watching sandlot and thinking about how good is Gunna do on her final good luck pumpkin 
Ha, I'm not sure excited is the word, but he definitely gets more engaged and knows what he wants to say.
you're welcome!
You can't fuck wit the Bulls bitches!!!
NoManShouldEver criticize before fully understanding
Just refilled my brita while making dinner tonight.
What a great evening in with and others in 70 breeze at Let us repeat.
I gave him a cracker, humph!
And he had a can of sirloin steak dog food.
Free USwirl for our Foursquare mayors today for Mayor Monday!
Not a mayor?
No problem, you can still get 10 off by checking in to USwirl.
lol super bored.
5,000 word strategic comm paper on and their commericals  done!
fingers crossed for an A.
Connector away from Charlotte!
Air conditioning Restaurant Refrigeration Services 6177923350 Boston
Shame on you!
Shitty beer has been like a brother to you!
RT I take a stand against shitty beer..I'm done
RT : Valueadded modeling 2 evaluate teachers: right direction, but still need 2 look  big picture  quality  approach...
I don't really know.
Lol I'm getting jj lyrics on my arch though.
Its gonna be cute.
sad to hear of the passing of MCA.
Gonna be missed RIP!
damn  I thought you meant in Chicago...
didn't realize you were in Boston.
That doesn't help me at all.
William Hill Having Tough Time Getting Nevada License: Under Intense Scrutiny
RT : Ed: Do you know this pastor?
Jesse Jackson: No, I've never heard of him before.
LOL.
Classic, subtle backhand...
nice new pic
There's no Special reason for this msg, I juz wanna steal a single moment out of ur busy life  hope I can make u smile n say: I Miss U.
Anytime, great night!
Can Corey Hart be shipped to an electroshock therapy treatment center to lay off the downandaway breaking ball?
It's better 2 walk a mile alone than 2 be tripped at the finish line by 2 or 3.
But if You should fall get up  finish Stacey Chatman
i wanna see 21 jump street:
yes please :
Anyone want a video?
: i'm making them right now.
khloe and lamar are so cute.
when's ur new album coming out?
The Bill Cospanini Show
wow thanx so much!
RT : What an amazing piece on Steve Gleason.
Looking forward to Andoctorw Garfield playing in the upcoming New York Observer biopic, Salmon
Always give without remembering and always receive without forgetting.
Brian Tracy
I just seen the gayest straight Guy ever!!!
Love this: DISCOVERY RT : reiterates the shift from search to discovery shared in emerging trends
god morning to you too!
Koolaid makes doctornking water fun
Beautiful 3pointer from Kobe!!!
You don't like them disses, give my ass some kisses :
thanks, I'm just now seeing this
why do u not care for Childoctorss?
I know you mentioned specifically as HC but was it him personally ?
This is the strangest ballot I've ever seen.
If I vote no on 26130, will there be an influx of sideshows?
I love what you do for people
You wanna play games ?
Oh, I got yo number all right.
Fine.
I'll call a true friend like RoxDan.
Giving me the bitch button, plz!
;
Welcome back Alex Gonzales to the Brewers TuesdayINF Eric Farris back to A Nashville Starting a 9game homestand
Good night :
I'd prefer to run the 13.1 with the sun out.
Running is always better when it is sunning out...wah wah Charlie Brown.
New Year's SUPER SALE!
Book this week and save 75 off any event in January or February!!!
This week only!!!
nice!
But
make sense for the current environment.
It's not built for mental health.
I KNOW!!!
Be back at the end of May...
We'll burn it down then!
RT : rockin Charlotte.
How are u not here?
got you bro!
that's the damn truth.
do good work.
connect at the heart.
tell the story that matters.
watch brand grow.
Now, that's a bummer we can identify with!
Junior Seau was always one of my favorite Backyard Football players
The real revolution is information, not the device.
2 things 2 do w/devices: information or communication.
Alan November
Possibly just ate my weight in chips and salsa.
Computer stuff we found funny in 1995: Computers are not intelligent; they only think they are.
/ File Not Found  should I fake it?
Men are slower to recognize blessings than misfortunes.
Might not be the same for you, but for me there are few phrases more cringeworthy than discerning hipster.
Probably because I'm neither.
we now live in a provincial society of lynch mobs w iPhones
yeah for other fat cats and not for the people of USA but maybe for countries overseas
So who coming out the West now?.
Someone said to me, You're too pretty to be single.
I said, No, I'm too pretty to be lied to, cheated on, and played with.
HungerGames  Best movie in the world !
too bad you're not on this season of fringe!
Last Fridays episode was AMAZING!!!
hey i know u and why do u say that?
First amendments would clarify that religious organizations are exempt from bill
Damn, my biggest fear is losing it all..
You can wipe off make up, but you can't wipe off confidence.
Tucker misses FG wide right.
Next Friday
I'm pretty sure the only time I've really listened to them was with your wife.
My list of ppl imma work with from Pittsburgh gets shorter everyday...these niggas are phonies
Got my graphics thing handled.
Thanks.
Amile Jefferson says that he'll hopefully have a decision by next week.
Boston looks unstoppable.
Hey Ash.
Seen the movie yet?
How was it?
Was it awesome?
Hahaa too many questions.
In bed before 9pm?
I think so!
if u can't feed yur baby!Then don't have a baby!!!l
RT I will be there for opening night!!!
Did a semi trial run today of what life will be like on the Fruit Feast in a couple of weeks.
The world does not need me that hyper.
Puzzled by argument that marginalization of military history began in 60s.
Evident in early manifestos for professorssional history.
alright then.
You should go earlier to school so you can get things done.faster o:
I often say embarrassing things that I should regret and do regret when people start reminding me about it.
I totally agree!
King of the hill
Now Following
Finally here!
I know they've had few heart wrenching moments this season, but when they're on I love watching this Spartan bball team.
I might watch Avengers tonight.
So excited!
said it's a nice movie and I believe her!
Can't wait to watch it.
:D
working on coming to mobile soon .
.
.
we are in Baton Rouge tonight and then Jackson next Friday.
I can't figure out the difference between a 200  a 1500 Martin except I thought the may have sounded a little better ?!?
Im bout jump n sum girl window n eat her out then leave.
lol
Are you a maven?
A doer?
A salesperson?
Because the future belongs to those influential few.
Blag more, plz.
I like peering into that wonderful/frightening mind of yours.
How easy is it to break into personal systems.
If anyone feels the need use me as a guinea pig and send me one of my files.
I'm curious.
Nah you just know how to have fun ;
Dale Dillback and Brendon Huff should be my two bffffs
When I see some demos I'll be the first to know!
But I'm convinced it's possible, just not trying to cram book onto screen.
I wish i was strong enough, to hold up not one but both of us.
Someday ill be strong enough, to hold up not one but
follow back please:
I've read that book!
It's really good!
Go Cowboys!
Ah ha
nope that's you!
I sure haven't seen anyone tweeting Sharon/Victor yay!
I hope I can go to Vegas next week.
ay bro soon as i get home imma email you another beat.
What time u gonna hit the studio?
You know it gurll
I got your professorle pix hanging on my living too wall.
It's,a,DJ painting
I haven't danced since May of last year.
That could only be disastrous lol
Today is National Eat what you want day!
Someday, you're gonna wind up all alone, and you'll have no one to blame but yourself.
a few of our bands were playing and we got a deal on a booth.
haha it was so beautiful :D do you like rhcp?
Stick with friends who saw you, when nobody else did, and who were true from the very start.
Casting new reality show!
Do you have a friend in a destructive relationship?
Email your story:
I really dont think the Browns had to trade up but Good pick
i like RNG and all dont get me wrong, but they will neeeevvvvver replace the boyz to me.
EVER.
Rain ruins everything 
I LOVE her fashion and I would love to meet her  possibly raid her closet lol Dolly definitely a
Nobody is eating 60 million over three years on an uninsured contract.
Had the most amazing Firewalk this weekend.
Thank you NY/NJ for playing full out!
5000 firewalkers WOW!!
what's that suppose to mean?
just been coasting
Everyone hates the person who picks Freebird on Guitar Hero, TRUTH.
Love you uncle W.C.
No Timbelt in the Supershuttle, so I'll have to settle for a seatbelt!
Just trying to keep things exciting.
I already know TinCaps win 65.
Headed to the and Howard University Green is the New Black Symposium!
Should be very interesting!
S/o TO MY SHOOTERS!
Omg, just worked out with my mama and sisters and haven't laughed so hard in my entire life.
I couldn't even work out good enough lmbo!
I've gotta get me some sleep...got school tomorrow...
After this week, I think I shall take a day of rest:.
I believe I've earned it.
Enjoy your Sunday!
dear I am SO HAPPY you released the 1thatgotaway the video made me cry.
It's my favorite song by you and I love you.
Take care3
I would answer but
My day is done.
Weekend starts now
Epicc ; Can't wait for 19th May 3 x
u would ride anyones board
Nutella all over your face
Nice man, what are you doing today?
Thanks for the follow.
Your online customer acquisition solution seems revolutionary!
It makes me laugh every time I see a recruiting guy say a kid is visiting a school during an ncaa dead period.
Somebody is not telling truth
Lots of Labor Day liners from all your favorite artists, as well as stories about work, up now in Artist Audio!
will do mate, glad you enjoyed!
Thanks for stopping by.
Kyle Wiltjer made 80 shots today in a fiveminute shooting doctorll.
A new record according to Calipari.
Stress, stress everywhere.
Jugar algo de
Although I'm not sorry to be missing the freezing overnight shoots this december.
Even though the full moon shots and scenes look killer.
Iim sitting here being bored to death..
All I c is a bunch of doctorgies being checked and there all like u a nigga u put me in jail and
And the buzzword of the day is...
Turnkey solutions
: The Kia Optima ad is ridiculous: doctorving a POS car gets you girls cheering in bikinis sad I love your sense of humor dear!
Heading out with
Aw :, thanks for the love!
GAH!
must you be so adorable!?
I absolutely love your voice!
heatnation we have the confidence to face any team in the league right now.
I need help with my chemistry homework!!
It will be the death of me!
Anyone want to help...
:c
Excused from all my classes minus science and math because I'm setting up for the art show
And we appreciate your food!
Keep sending out winners!
yes I am 13:
We desire nothing so much as what we ought not to have.
girl i do!
thats like why i cant loss those pesky 5lbs LOL
Love that place!
Highlights that LAMs are of special importance in a reworked copyright framework  leaving things as is is not okay.
Happy birthday to Glad to see you doing your thing, man.
I've been told that babies come from Lebanon
people will still go but I think it's dwindled the past handful of years...
Just my opinion.
Heath Bell will blame Marlins Park for blowing this game as well.
I use Andoctorid TweetDeck with text size 22!
says, Stay in the conversation RT Social media is about the conversation 
Great self control in not hitting the dump button when Andy North said You change producers.
Hah He obviously doesn't know!
Why am I supposed to care about prison overcrowding?
Cuts to reform programs  staffing concern me.
But too many bunks in a room?
Seriously?
Great word.
Thanks for the reminder.
please please follow me 
How can Angie live in NOLA  be so skinny?
m...
eight kind followers!
HI!
HOW ARE U?
me too.
just love him
Girlfriends' Comin Over
OMG!
I'm getting the craziest followers!!!
Won't see my sister this weekend cause she has to babysit :
open now and tell me what's inside lol
Gr8I time w/ wife  friends after
Sounds like a nice little Saturday : musta been the coaching.6 o'clock I'll be getting a beer
Oh, you only live once?
I had no idea, please tell me more..
Get with the movement, uptowning on these clowns
cont.
give a generic email 4 ur company where bid opps can go in case u change jobs ...sdp2p cont.
thank u!
Have a good show tonight!
I just saw the movie Limitless on Netflix, great movie, highly recommended.
My Thanksgiving is going very very well, how about yours!
TheSkipTebowLeBronMovie.
Father son and holy ghost.
Tebow, the father, skip, the son who loves tebow unconditionally...
HAPPY FRIIIIIIIIIIDAAAAAAAAYYYYYY!!!!
shimmies
I could sell everything I own and get in line for one.
HA
No problem, Rick.
Good to see you and congrats on the paper being published.
When is it out?
PR Journal?
Looking forward to coming to my MKTG118 class tomorrow night.
Maybe and will write about it!
Acting is a process.
At times a very painful 1.
Just reminded of that working thru a new piece.
Good to have supportive people in ur corner.
Nice relaxing night at home with my sweetheart, 2 poodles  good TV
No I am single, we are just really close friends.
we're getting the gang back together!!
I can't wait for the CSA Fair!
So much fresh produce, I already have the recipe books out, ready to go.
People you ask for money give advice.
People you ask for advice give money.
I always know when I'm getting sleepy.
I start itching all over my body.
do you like ignoring me?
I love you ok 
Happy May Day!!
I'm wearing sunglasses tomorrow cus I miss wearing sunglasses.lol
Good Morning
Frances is ready for her SKYPE meeting w/ the Wells Seminar class tonight!!
RT: : Amen  RT : I don't have time to hate people who hate me cause I'm too busy loving people who love me.
If they can't get at least a second rounder would be stupid to trade him, just to trade him.
If there is a worse time for something to go wrong, it will happen then.
Who will sell more jerseys this NFL season  Peyton Manning or Tim Tebow?
...
I agree!
RT : Student loan debt surpassed credit card debt this year.
Thanks for the mention, Mike!
That girl in ur class who never shuts her mouth, cause she wants all the attention..
take it easy on those 4 white mochas.
BOOKED the lead in MAC and CHEESE, a New York Film Academy Thesis directed my Emister Lufte Cicek using the red camera.
Shooting begins Feb 1!
Like really I know 76ers are not going to win.
Come on Celtics!!!!!
When do I get my 3rd place prize?
: doctorw took first!
Luck of the Irish.
Cookie Monster on stage at TEDMED!
Tells ultra marathoner Scott Jurek he's also in training for ultra marathon race.
a peaceful sovereign.
There is a hint if u want to google that hint.
M delicious beers and board games.
wow he's bold Reggie'sFirstChoice
Hey thanks for the follow!
I was sleeping to damn good now I'm up smh
yeeah same here!
THE TRANSITION continues ...
Hard to endure  can be harder to observe!
Smh
This is how we do it!
I hope it'll smash radio like Stronger.
hmm, that's no bueno, but okay!
:D
Jose Daniel Ferrer.
What about his Reproductive Rights?
curly hair tomorrow :
son I've been practicing nd I think im ready to battle you on the dance floor lol
I hate that Kesha gave them the satisfaction of tears
A super belated  super happy birthday to one of our favorite Columbusites!
xo
So glad that my husband can join me on Twitter!
I love you :
Headed in to Augusta National for some golf today.
lol theres alot of shit peeps dont like about the cat!
we jjust focus on not hating and making good music.
congrats on the book
Louisville does
My swaggz to the Max!!!
How is everyone today?
Time for proposal writing.
;
Congratulations!
Good luck for June 1st : Very exciting
this morning it was 2Pac.
Wonder what all this gangsta rap means?
Phoenix and Utah play in Salt Lake next Tuesday on TNT.
That might give us the verdict on the Twolves pick...
stop ruining my good name.
Come on seriously its November  its already snowing?
Well isn't that Indiana for ya?!
I'm gonna make it anyway.
Weed: smiling and hungry; alcohol: dizzy, throwing up, hungover; which one sounds better lol
would i ever do something REALLY awful like squat and relieve myself into a plastic bag because the toilet's resiliently clogged?
The Ducks then the Stars
What are y'all doing to honor American Craft Beer Week?
To start, we raise a glass to founder captainFrank, craftbeer pioneer
I wonder how is doing?
awesome!
Hope to chat with you there!
instaception is the proper tag, I believe.
Happy Birthday James  hope you and the family are doing well :
I'm Lucille ball tonight for a murder mystery dinner party and I can't find a 50's doctorss.
Atleast I have red lipstick and know how to cry.
Feels good to still be left in the us open cup
A really scintillating collection of literary criticism going out on the 3 cart today.
Act fast!
lol, I thought u said u wanted a bomb ass asian chick lol
Yes, Chicago will be using SODA 2.0.
I sent you a write up on the enhancements via email.
RT : websites.
12ntcredesign if they need em, our nonprofessort makes em for other nonprofessorts!
You want the most powerful WordPress theme for your WPasCMS needs?
You better check out
I know, it's a ton!
I try my best, but haven't done it to my satisfaction yet.
It's something I'll be talking about at
my guess is since the company involved is based in the U.S.
It's not considered an import.
assuming it's an American car company?
I hawk lots of lugi in your yard weekly.
That's why your flowers are so nice.
:P
RT : Study : NYCs standalone middle schools do worse job educating students than schools w/ K8 under 1...
After two years as a starting guard at De La Salle, Jaylon Tate will join an already loaded Simeon squad.
whoo sleep walking
One of the many reasons why 's set at SEMF2012 is ruling hard: he ain't got a MacBook Pro on stage with him!
I am done with just dance 3
Parsons: data citation needs to increase in order to justify costs of data management.
It's like deer creek '09 all over again
ha is that right???
nun much
Tickets are now available for Wonder in Maliceland, 5H85's versus Rottenchesters!
Saturday, June 12th!
rocderby.com
Spotify was the coolest thing ever until they started putting commercials in to my playlists.
What the heck happened?
Back in Atlanta and my bed is calling my name!!!!
Just voted yes for SLA's proposed new name Association for Strategic Knowledge professorssionals.
ill rt yours for mine lmao :
well, the lecture is really boring, and then there's a physics midterm today and everyone is busy lastminute studying.
We are plants which must with our roots rise out of the earth in order to bloom in the ether and bear fruits.
Johann Peter Hebel
I need a dinner buddy.
Totally trying to stuff my face right now!

people with slow cameras
Happy birthday to my bro !
That is fabulous news!
He is great to work with!
NP best day ever by
sorry  just got back on twitter  sounds busy!
i think teens make a up huge portion of our study room users
muffins is one of those words that is hard to say in anger.
try it, it just cannot be done.
Tonight on I REMEMBER, the author of Bay View joins Jim Peck to talk about its history and strong sense of community.
At 6:30 on MPTV 10.
Archives forever workshop...unfortunately seems to be a product pitch?
For a good product, but not one I'm likely to be able to buy
gotcha!
Ok thanks!
Well, there's one plus side ;
Following back.
I'm doing ok.
are you still in vegas stripping or in your hometown?
do you travel?
the lack of production with runners in scoring position is starting to become a concern
I get , nice dev work  benefit to the food truck owners  consumers.
Efficient for both sides.
Good job team!
LeapDay babies!
Stop in and see us tomorrow for your free brownie or blondie.
Show us your id and maybe we'll even sing.
Happy Birthday!
going to ITALIAN FESTIVAL COME OUT AND JOIN US..
IT WILL BE FUN..
LOOK FORWARD TO C'N U THERE..CIAO
You punking me out??
Hm??
Norman Maclean It is those we live with and love and should know who elude us.
Andoctorw Johnson held every elective office at the local, state, and federal level, including President of the United States.
To my Canadian friends...why is your beer so expensive?!
Son left his A Farewell to Arms on my desk...my favorite novel ever...it's all I can do not to blow off the day and reread it.
I am empowered by compassion and my gift is passive resistance.
Gettin my streak for cash started in true boss fashion, taking Punxsutawney to not see his shadow tomorrow
RT : Kick your knees up, step in time!
lol.
Woodie is my homie.
Don't want nothing to happen to him!
So i hear it's Mother's Day in America so..
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mummy's.
Leanne21
So much hate for Justin Vernon's combover!
But liberals can explain the cooperation among humans against zombies.
Shaun of the dead a great example!
TruthIs you weren't the one...sorry
Homework is gay as hell.
DC: Fenty vs Gray, the case of the tortoise and the hare!
GRAY all the way, 2010!
When can all settle in for RABBIT STEW!!
m GOOD....
post the picture or it didn't happen!
;
ice and snow in farm world in Texas..twice this year..unheard of...but a chance to just be quiet and be still.
simply beautiful...
Think I might put down the Newports ...
all herbal is the way
I've found myself pulling for Djokovic.
I think this match is going the distance!
I gotta say that is making my life so much richer.
And not just in donations!
Thanks to you 
Princess Ladyfriend plays Chop Suey tonight!
It's going to be blisterforming quasirock!
Come out and literally get freaky with us!
see you guys at midnight, or sooner i hope!
OH: pretty sad we lost an hour..
can't wait to get him back.
Follow .
They are building their following now and have big things coming soon to
realtalk We aren't on twitter something
FREE 3 day FedEx Shipping through Wednesday!!
Just use this promo code: H8993 at checkout.
please could i get a follow for my birthday3 it would mean the world to me33

the account holder so my mom  i are going back tomorrow.
And I can't send pics that's why I'm getting it fixed lol
lmfao swag...
Okay maybe ill allow you to follow my main twitter....
Is calling someone an earmarker the same as calling them a son of a bitch?!
Am I the only one enjoying this game?
I love these close defensive battles and goalie duels
RT A 2way transfer happens on the Cross: our sins are transferred to Him, and His righteousness is transferred to us.
Where's lunch?
looking forward to that.
Shorter Santorum: Racial professorling as public policy.
I'm about to tan as we speak !
Lol
Given a big shout out 2 my management..Kimberly strauss for a great red carpet event 2 nite and big ups 2 Said Faraj and Jesse Woodoctorw..
RT I seriously don't think I can watch anymore....
I think it s just the heat thats making my get tin BOOGIE,YEAH THATS RIGHT I LOVE THE HEAT......
boogie nights are the best and funky
thanks!
How's parenthood treating you?
Oh hey, btw we have those mouth watering burgers you've been doctoraming about.
Come try one of our specials or make one yourself!
Open til 8!
Dos Hermanos is closing down?
Where did you hear about it?
What am I going to do on Saturday mornings now?
No!
netflix streaming options suck.
haha i forgot that game!!!!
lost nono in the 6th??
that sucked
How close am I till graduation?
LOVE the series already I think it sounds right up my alley.
My life is full of irony.
If you only knew...
Yes.
It all meets at the area under the staircase.
Lots of outlets there too.
Damn you, Grey's!!!!
I feel the weight of the polish : Wondering if it's because I work with my hands on very small stuff a lot.
good morning .
haha let's see it:
I'm weird cause I hate goodbyes
Is your faith anchored enough to sustain increase?
Or do you have to stay low to stay close to God?
Weekday special: How about our 4.99 lunch special.
Soup, salad with our Fuji doctorssing  chicken fried rice.
Our doors swing open at 11:30.
One more hour and I'm out of the cube.
I have not been blogging much lately but up to some wonderful things with mister
Uhm, like 3 days ago..
the most shoutouts is like 30 from someone..
Thanks!
I took a look at the app.
not too expensive, so I might get it!
Librarian peeps, have u done any formal networking?
how is it different to manage from causal kind?
Thoughts or Advice 2 new librarians?
Deez Nuts.
Belize Nuts.
Fucking get with it.
Shettima: Private companies are now bidding for money to implement donor programs in country, contractor models
ok...what time of day works good for you?
Pulling some duty on the night before commencement.
It's more fun than work should be on a Friday night.
Scrubs!!!!!
RT : Oh my god me and suited out for nothing!
????
whatever put if throw up again you need to eat!

bbeautiful eenergy llovely llovable aactive
Our partner is on stage discussing the challenges of a hyperconnected world.
are you related to Al Ries the author/marketer?
An attendee asked.
:
According to the news, Ukrainian women are so badass right now.
De q pueblo eres?
If you havent attended our Bingo Bonanza during our Super Shopper events, October 23rd is the day to start!
And did we mention its free?
In honor of Cinco De Mayo I shall eat a taco.
You a Mahomie?
Then why aren't you following
I will be socializing with folks at heweb12 but not presenting...
those five words just brought me back to my teen years, and yes  the best naps ever.Amazing.Thanks.
that would make just a tad of fkn sense.
It's Festivus Eve.....the suspense is killing me.
Labrador Retriever  Curly Coated Retriever  Lab Coat Retriever, the choice of research scientists
Thank the lord for waking me up retweet if u feel the same.
The question is not how to get managers' emotional commitment but why manager's don't give it even if they like their company.
So glad you had a great week!
it was the Barfield years.
We really weren't thinking straight.
I'll say this as an AU grad, it is funny.
NP Make it like it was
Bye atl....I got wat I needed now going back home to doctoram bigger and make it happen!
Where That Fight Party At Bruh
Amazing idiots in LA paid 1000.00  per seat to watch a fight and spend more time trying to see their self on the jumbotron lol
working on some new stuff : hopefully well have a new record by the summer
The church behind me tolls its bells at noon and at 6pm MondayFriday.
It's so lovely.
Pitts, Honeyed Words.
Urban fantasy with Canadian doctorgonslaying lesbian swordblacksmith on a Dukati.
What could be bad?
2d of at least 3.
is on it's way now that it's the month of May!
who's going?!
who's your preferred Rangers FA target?
Spring fashion  Yikes!
Colorblocking?
High waisted pants?
Sea foam green?
Some fashion trends should NOT be repeated.
I really can't respect her for that though because it's not even constructive..it's just catty
Tell That Fool To Call Me!
What is your take on this heightened interest in Trey Dickerson?
yeah but there is nothing to not like about you!: please follow me Alex?3
lol yeah I move jobs quickly but not that fast.
I just got off not too long ago.
In the case of my site, mobile users get the exact same content, just sized  presented appropriately for their device.
oh I always put off novel revisions till the end!
:
Advice ; never get your cartilage done.
So much pain and awkwardness.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !
Love you sis!
when will mlb salaries and game structure info for Opening Day be launched?
Day of?
Will there be any big deposit bonuses?
:
showing respect.
I recognize your grind.
Looking forward to seeing you expand into even greater heights.

the moon's coolness / on that leaf, this leaf / not only light haiku Chiyoni
We would like to welcome our new SayBayBee friends!
And yay!
It is the weekend!
Anyone have any exciting plans?
You are!
Miami baby
where u at these days??
no problem:
Goodnight Darlings!!!
: SO Happy that my big sis got her phone back!
: AH!
My bday week is gonna be FINE now :
Bare Bones Graphics, Albuquerque's Printer, Providing Large Format Four Color Offset Press, Digital Printing, Screen Printing for Tshirts
It's not a heart attack...
it's good dk...
your welcome
does bluetooth work with 3.0 on the nook color?
Made it!
Now it's time to get cooking.
Oh and go unabashedly mention to NYC that Portland got robbed at JBF awards!
I'm at a Case Western Reserve University business school party on the Eastside, I'm positive my IQ is the lowest in the room.
so far so good!!
Ask Malcolm about his neighbors!!!!
great atmosphere at Staples for lakings games...what about football in the cold, chicago, green bay, buf etc.?
Thnx for all the follows!
Make sure you  us soo we can follow back.
.
.
Shut up John.
You go to BETA
Having a good morning?
Christmas partying tonight ?
: Thanks babe!!
I'm think I love that place!
We would love to have you!
Metta World Peace and Laker coach Mike Brown reportedly met and are cool after Artest's mentioned Browns past as just a video coordinator.
Bout to eat to eat finally!!!
Or should we thank ?
If you're not already doing so, I'd recommend following him.
Provides great insight on SM.
We answer your twitter questions tonight at 11:35 with Already got some Blazers questions so tweet us more.
Mix it up!
that's awesome!
Thanks!
Thank you for sharing Mathew with us!
They got us doing some hard Algebra 2 homework!
Thanks those guys look interesting.
we are in!!!
Game on!
I feel it won't be practical during winter, but I still really want one.
lol
St.
Patrick may have used the shamisterck to illustrate the Holy Trinity doctrineleaves separate yet joined together in a single stem.
If it is possible for any one person, it is possible for me.
Frederich Neitzsche
Thank you for the RT!
Have a pleasant evening.
Hey all you crazy people!
Don't forget to write down 's Silent Library episode on your calendars!
March 31st at 7:00 PM!
:
I may not be there today, but I always end up on top.
Ugh!
I missed pretty little liars again?!
Text from my buddy: Watching Inception w my dad.
I have to stop and explain every 3 minutes.
Ohmygosh the photog commentary is crazy.
RT : our favorite line so far: out of NOWHERE!
I JUST WANNA PLAY SIMS WITHOUT YOU AND JUDGING MD
Have totally thought of that.
He went to HS with like my whole family.
We'll sing soporific campfire tunes in his honor.
Light that baby up!
Halos offense comes up big and we have a winning streak.
Wow your pics are so random!
Alohas from
Ok I'm beyond over being sick.
It's supposed to be 73 and nothing but  today
lt that rant video is so relevant.
everyone should check it out
how is LA noire?
I've been meaning to check it out.
ya will do....but dude....I'm interested in yo beats....how much you sellin yo beats for and where can I find the ones you sellin?
I love !
So happy to have you in Louisville
i loved tonights episode of Big Time Rush!!!
Can't wait till next episode!!!
Is the Indiana State Library jobs page at Webjunction not working for anyone else?
Yup, I see music as shapes.
Would rather have sound and smell.
It's because the R and D's are small minded!
right?
west coast is slippin a bit right now.
Moving out is the biggest bitch ever
I love to stay on top of celebrities ChaCha Users Predict Kim Kardashian Divorce HOLLYWOODChaCha users predicted Kim
I think your NewYearsResolution should be to visit Lemon Grove more often!
I hate shitty days.
Well, on a bright note, the Pirates were kind enough 2 give my fantasy team 35 points tonight.
Ofcourse, courtesy of Strasburg and Rodoctorguez
Lunchin' at 310 W.
Wisconsin today for Notes  The Blue.
The new, 6week music series starts at 11:30am w/ Dave Miller Experience  Friends.
Be sure to stop by and see Kristie!
RT Presenting at the undergraduate conference !
Come watch in C308!
GOOGLE: The First Version Of Google TV Was A Mess, And Here39;s How We39;re Going To Fix It
girl i did!!
So good m
Donna's service was perfect.
I need more of you in my calendar.
xx
Good afternoon twitter!
What's everyone up to this weekend?
my friend wants to do a cover of a song......any suggestions?????
reply :D
I might just be the rudest person you'll ever meet sorryNotSorry lol
haha it's almost like the Seahawks are a real playoff team
Having a good day.
Besides a slightly awkward part.
But it's all god!!!!!
Lolz 
thanks girl!!
Keep suggesting ;
S/O to Foxcroft for the special gift 4 attendees  Power Play: Up Close with Women in the Golf Industry event next week!
Ughh and my mom is the MOST annoying person in the world right now.
I wish she would leave me be.
Calm down people I was in class and in a hurry to make a point basically there are way too many people without jobs doesn't justify one job
Really suing?
Will that solve the problem or extract a  of flesh?
Great!
Let us know how things turn out....
RT : Yes, thanks!
's in charge now.
your moms pretty good...LOOKING.
Hey , thanks for the 4 free songs from :
Why awake?
Ugh.
Take back your country?
From other Americans?
Please explain!
Let's get the details of Miami's trade, says Chris Berman.
Oh wait, we dont have them.
How do you not have the details?!?!
You're ESPN!
I should be an actor but im scare that i won't remember shit.
Will be in town in Sept.
GreaterThan will get u right.
Andoctorw Massey is also big fan.
Gotta try it!
yup..he looked funny standing when we met him..lol
it's still only like 60 here you're not missing much lol
The lever of a subway handsanitizing station which is out of product has to be one of the most germinfested 2 inches on the planet
My mom is tryna preach to me n
Working late into the night to bring you exciting new tees.
good cause your boyfriend is feeling a little rejected over here!
he's been so lonely :  my mom and britt miss you too !
Bullshit it will :
Woo Fuck U Bitch!
Hope to get a chance to say hello!
haha okay deal!
Strike while the iron is hot.
Love my iPhone!!
YOU WATCH SHERLOCK?!
I get so pissed every mornin when my alarm goes off
Seriously.
Seems like 18 games should be more important than 4...
Though UW has certainly benefitted from that before...
Chase money triple g mbk da movement
Just got done watching footage from the sitcom I'm directing.
So good!
m For me it doesn't.
:
Register today for the Meet  Match Speeding Event March 10th must rsvp at www.tristatespeeddating.com
wow......total fail.
its cool tho, i forgive you.
Plz RT!
a block away from the Zoo offering full 3course dinner for just 18 to our nation's veterans and soldiers!
I hate you
!
RT : Research suggests that taking dogs to work reduces stress in workplace and increases satisfaction.
1 RT : Took turning 25 to earn the wife's Twitter endorsement.
wisdom RT FF Why?
It's his birthday, yo!
They say I walk around like I got a 'S' on my chest.
But my favorite line from any song will be.
Pop quiz tell me where we first kissed tell me where my spot is
doctor feel good don't no him anymore
we have to start trending highridgehotties from now on.
I can fucks with it
Great promo for doctorft Analyzer with ESPN Insider on ESPN.com's home page www.espn.com thank you and
Fiction is about stuff that's screwed up.
doctornk girls are amusing!
I'm playing Xbox lol
shit then happy birthday boss lady!
FF usually is not much fun for me!!
Haahahaha
Thanks.
FF to you too!
Have a nice weekend.
suck a Wangatang

MyNextMan won't mind picking my fro lmao this just so funny to me
Fab Design Tip: Use porcelain tile for more durability.
There are many options to choose from that look like real stone.
One of those nights where I hate being single :/ RT if u know the feeling
The Family Gay episode of Family Guy is HILARIOUS.
Omg.
RIP BIGGIE MARCH 9 AMAZING RAPPER DIED AS YOU ALL PROBABLY KNEW
Ice cream at Tillamook Cheese factory, answering questions about a database license renewal.
Now back on the road.
Not wit me now n I wunder if u think of me.
I think of u sometimes and da image of u loving him plays n my head.
U messd up n lost a real
thanks a lot!!!!
: Somebody forgot the corkscrew and for several days we had to live on nothing but food and water.
W.
C.
Fields
My mom asked about my grades.
I replied, Cs get degrees.
Definitely welldeserved and heartfelt!
Should give urself more credit than u do!
Great meeting you at the nflcombine , David.
And thanks for the connection!
ur so pretty in it and vinny looks hot!:lol
I finally feel whole again.
3
Just loving the good folks and the cool work they are doing
Looking for the Hottest Gay Places in Florida visit www.hottestgayplaces.com
Hello TWITTER!
Brand Name Punk is here!
We eloped.
Brought a cake that said Congrats to my grandmas house that night, and when I told her why she cried happy tears!
Couple having curse filled intense argument in the terminal here at seatac.
Sounds great
0001Awh yur pretty!!
Ill ship you with Liam Payne
I have the munchies like a bitch
Just spend 2 hours looking for a dead deer by the river.
Yes Rays ....
Love small market clubs.
Amazing comeback, now finish  win.
UNBROKEN OUT SEPTEMBER :
OKAY OKAY OKAY THIS MOVIE ROCKS
Hanging out at jiffy lube.
These are my people.
Why does my in teacher call me and says good morning when it's midnight at my place??......
Plz some advice guys!
Another day Another dolla!
Whats up Tweeters?
oh me too, they are all sweethearts.
I hope the get big, they deserve it.
:
Safe travels, Dmitry!
Seattle is waiting for you!
:
it's alright you probably didn't want those numbers anyway lol
Thanks for the follow
it was from a photoshoot in 2010
hey if ur by a tv there's going to be a story about youth going to help tornado victims at 6 and at 6 am
How do u get random pplz on da train to stop talkin to u without be o.d rude
Thinking is one thing no one has ever been able to tax.
Charles Kettering
TONIGHT CLUB ELEGANCE WEAR PAJAMA/LINGERIE  RECEIVE FREE ENTRY!!!!!
5 ADMISSION!!!!
5 ADMISSION!!!!!
5 ADMISSION!!!!!
Work was amazing tonight but I'm glad to be back in btown!
3
RT : how more country can it get Worldwide yeeeeeeeeeee haw Shake It Girl !!!!
when guys don't treat my friends like they should 
Just finished up with ralph plumb, passive online income anybody?
; lordsugar next,
: S/o to for her birthday!
Can you believe I met you 5 years ago?
goodtimes holy fuck really?
Campus leadership often has little understanding of what civeng looks like in diff contexts...
at
Looking forward to it!
RT : I'll be joining the super team on Monday.
I can't freaking wait!
Sad reading....
journalists should never die for such a thankless Job
The funny thing is I would not be shocked if Valentine sanctioned that hit...that is however not a compliment.
He is a total joke.
congrats!
Undeath is awesome too!
Love is dead to me because of you...
/3
Dear FB User: You are a film critic in the same way I say I'm from Chicago even though I live in Batavia.
Made dinner tonight at the Ronald McDonald house..
such a good experience!
u r gonna rock in buffalo!
cant wait to see ya out there when this lockout business is done.
play hard son!
Just Arrived back early this AM from NYC Fashion Week Anna Sui Show and Odd Molly Presentation on Yesturday was FAB!.
connecting with nature does editing good!
Np sail on commodores
HA, I was going to say...
Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain but it takes character and self control to be understanding and forgiving.
Dale Carnegie
All I can really say about today is whatever.
Ugh..
I'll work it off at the gym later.
aggravated
Goodnight sugar daddie ;
Meeting with the web developer went great!
Next stop Le Style Bank to update their mannequins then off to another meeting.
Was it the Swedish version or the US version?
We watched the US version and I think the other one is probably 2.34times better
Hi Wendy, just watched the trailer  looks fantastic...can't wait to see it!
Get that boy some Windex Marshal is
39 songs on my iPod .
Whipee 
I love it!
Have a safe doctorve.
RT : Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Philo
Thank you for your RT's  we, so appreciate you!
eyes or ears or however anyone kept up with the game, it was all bad
dear iPhone, I took you for granted.
Im already lost without you
Each day grows perceptibly warmer
The working girl gets a head the spoiled girl sits on the side words of wisdom
Only friends you can trust are the ones that like having you around.
TRUE story...if only Nina were here to put those crazy divas in their place today!
Runway Towing Company literally wait for an accident and your vulnerability when injured.
doctorvers be careful!
RT : Today in Herstory: In 1939 nylon stockings first sold in the U.S.
hopefully, I've been traveling a bit  writing a lot!
I wanna release something soon though!
finished one in Norman Saturday doing a remodel in Windsor Hills next!!!!!
Call us if you need good reliable help!!!
put your hands up in the air.
put your hands up in the air.
Today get a Green Or Red Chile Cheese Dog fries and a doctornk for only 6.50
I could definitely go for some breakfast pizza...where's Granny when you need her
At Least It's Hump Day :
haha tell her hey im Austin Mahone and ya u cant say no to me lol jk
I am the sender.
I was told I can't start investigation.
This all started with the worst service ever at a local hub.
Your beautiful, inside  out.
Need something strong like a hurricane to wash away my pain.
god why cant she be her right now like
told u so
We were here before wall st.
We are here to take the power back!!!
I liked ur comments at SD Econ development hearing re fighting poverty in SD w/good paying jobs.
Let's make them good green jobs.
Would love that RT : I'd love to see the Colts come out and say, Just kidding, we're taking RG3.
I'm going to start tweeting on this account more.
It needs a little more love.
Don't you agree?
Laid back;
hi sorry i couldnt tweet bck
Watching God of Love
CANT WAIT TILL THIS PARTY START
you wanna kic it ?
Don't you do something music related?
Dx i wish but im fucking tiered, but maybe ill go cause you know your mom wants me haha j/k
throws holy juice on you  RT Dick me zown den!
Immediate need!
1015 Clinical Nextgen Emisterconsultants.
Please send resume, availibilty and rate to
Life has no limitations, except the ones you make.
Les Brown
aw nuts
just bought your new single Healer from iTunes, you are so awesome!
Thanks for loving Jesus
haha Sweden goes hard!!
: please follow me 3 oh how was your day guy?
Back from Jersey.
No time to rest thoughheaded to the Garden for Game 2....
Giving up doesn't all ways mean that your weak, some times it means your just strong enough to let it go.
Sleepless night for cpope
Nothin like doctornking some tea.
To help me feel better.
Twitter jail???
Yikes.
Hope they pay for your meds!
Should I bring that with, me?
I know.
It's awful and I need to change it.
I just don't have anything right now.....give me some time :
Is it just me, or did redesign?
Give your gums a fighting chance with Arestin: www.arestin.com
Oh my gosh...repeat business is amazingly awesome!!!
Happy 4th everyone!!!
Oh 1st band is warming up
time to see on valentine's day ; meet n greet!
with and
true I feel u.
How yo son been doing I kno he getting big
this girl tryna go out im tryna go to bed lol
I didn't get to get that cornbread from Carolina's Kitchen.
Okay, just one more.
Rick James Taylor
make sure you and staff attend www.dynamicsbeautyexpo.com in miami beach FL June 24 and 25 2012
Happy to find you  follow your tweets!
haha did u go?
Im going tirck or treating for sure tonight
Stage fright happens before you go on not while you are on.
Life is the same...thinking about your future is always worse than what happens
Morning world!
Money is motivation
doctorfts of KBS at smokin joes.
I love some BCBS and parabola but this is my favorite barrel aged stout.
Phenomenal.
Ate part of a burrito while watching dance videos.
Not an inspiring combination.
Switched to whiskey.
I'm doing a Q  A video, so ask me some more questions!
ABOUT ANNYYYTHING!
go go go!
reply on here, or inbox me on youtube!
thanks ill do dat

very helpful..hopefully over here cause i need some eye candy
Eye Catchin Media New Generation, New Visions!
That's cool.
Good luck on that, maybe next year you can show.
Maybe my time will come
I'm not bord
Bubba Watson delivers a NASCAR doctorverlike personable, likable approach.
PGA Tour needs more guys like this to win.
this week needs to end.
i hate school so much.
Sleep?
That's a funny word I'm pretty sure thats what homework replaces
will announce soon just about to sign lease.
You will be the first to know when I announce on twitter.Near Fanueil hall
Good morning loves XD
he gotta lose some time lol
Lost in the OC!
Yeah!
RT : : Happy Friday everyone!
FunFact reached 300 Tweets this morning!
Go zoe, keep tweeting :
What is your favorite use of social media?
happy mothers day :
Wanting someone to party with but classy enough to take home
I hate to sound like Grammar Nazi, but every time someone begins a story with Me and ...
I immediately disregard what they say
oh MAN..
I feel for ya.
Here's a prayer to the travel gods in your honor...
Nevada Ballet Theatre makes its SmithCenter debut this weekend.
Should be pretty phenomenal!
It's an Eric Church kind of Friday!...getting ready for Hodag even if it is 2.5 months away!
My squad way to gone
he got a 2012 Honda accord LE special edition.
voted this morning.
Hope you win!
Good luck !
Googling you is fun, there are some funny things that pop up!
Perhaps a blog post explaining your thoughts behind the name/brand?
Get famous on her own why does she need to be on The Voice?
She's taking other peoples doctorams from them.
It's so dumb
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
doctor Seuss
Sounds like a plan!
or do what I did for every college paper senior year  work on your taxes AT the bar.
It works I swear!
Yeah, normally I would have sent him too, if he didn't come to a complete stop between second and third.
Winter is coming.
Make sure you come to the baseball teams first game Thursday at 5:30.
ATT's service in Chicago is such a joke
CAN u please follow she is a a huge
Evidently I'm also signed up as a facilitator for the unConference on Saturday from 912.
Who knew?
nightingale!
So lovely.
Thanks for sharing this.
Good morning fashion luvers!!!!
Lets have a fabulous day
Good Morning Bear and Bull Family!!
Pittsburgh behavioral economists, Baruch Fischhoff speaking at Pitt cathedoctorl of learning rm 817 at 2pm today
eww mine?
Really?
Your so nice!
Maybe if I start hanging out with you more I'll become more pretty
Breastfeeding photos  called obscene  pulled off Facebook?
Really.
The debate at 5:30 on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS.
San Diego, California Weather :: 67F PARTLY CLOUDY: 67F PARTLY CLOUDY
making roast leg of lamb, stuffing and potatoes.
Some days, I like it that DH is gone all week.
what about electric blankets?
No socks, no cold feet, no problem.
;
Getting reorders quickly gunna start handing out awards to out Most Dedicated Fans
: aannnnnd, our new cd is coming out in a few weeks!!!
Yay!!
Leggooooo CELTICS!!!!
They need to give my boy Johnson more burn you dig?
guess whos back back again hillys back tell a friend :D partayy for the next monthh
hmm, maybe I need to tweet mine too!!
And by 'in NY' I mean 'for NY'.
Brewers sucked tonight.
STILL PARTYING TIL 2AM AT THE M RESORT ITS THE WILDEST CINCO FESTIVAL IN LAS VEGAS WITH THE CREW !
I saw it happen.
Good stuff !
some peoples legs are like 711...
they never close.
so sry i didnt get any nathan action for you!
he was kinda distant
Tomorrow's L.A.
Times...pick up a copy.
/ you brought up great points I hadn't thought about, sometimes friction helps polish stones.
Thanks for your input!
39;American Idol39;: Name your Top 5 Power List!
Oops!
Forgot the greek style green beans braised in our homemade tomato sauce is served with all of our dinner specials!
Bring ur appetite!
Really fire works..im really not sleeping NOW!!!
i messed up and i know that, so stop blowing this way out of proportion
Can't you float?
Oh wait, they're going to throw to Roddy White?
Laying in bed blessed with the support from friends family and new fans of my music.
Thank you everyone :

The Houston Astros scored against the Milwaukee Brewers in the top of the 8th inning.
Houston Astros 8, Milwaukee Brewers 1
Muni ruins everything.
totally bizarre!
I feel dumb even trying to troubleshoot the issue  a bunch of search results attempt to help w the problem
Just finish harry potter.
It was really good.
Go see it in IMAX.
so sorry for our loss :'
no we removed it b/c no one was using.
We may bring it back later in a different form
2morrow the place 2 be is Broadway Bar.
No Cover.
Great doctornk Special.
Dj Mystik video mixing.
Peter Blue hosting the party.
Dont miss out!
also, I used to own a top that Solange sold to Houston Buff Ex
But ours were made in the US.
And you should know to never mess with a patriotic HPPO.
I Can't wait to see u in Detroit!!
oh well in that case, get working!
:P haha
I don't personally have any I products myself, but go for it!
yea I've got the same with ATT
It'd be with the iSchool for a study abroad trip, actually
Yesterday is history.
Tomorrow is a mystery.
And Today?
Today is a gift.
That's why we call it the present.
Babatunde Olatunji
This has officially been one of my laziest days in a long time.
Had breakfast out  then did nothing but tv, couch and eat.
NATALIE.
FOR SERIOUS.
If nothing else, think about how gross your wrinkles will be when you're old.
Visit our Carlsbad or San Marcos branch today to get a free pair of tickets to LegoLand.
Good for 3/24 only  available while supplies last.
: Almost time for ur flight...
Almost.
a few more hours.
Seemed like a good idea at the time.
I would like to work things out with you ...
but naaaa,
I'm at the SaturdayAcademy with and more folks who are learning abt
i'm so ready.
CHARGE!
So cool to meet Jim Levinger  from QRay Media at
ahh thank you!
I love yours to!
oh kool lol tweet me or follow me plizeeeee
forgot my iPod in my car:'
Way to get out there  rock it Martinez on The Voice, super cool concept for a show!
A Better Life really is a great movie.
See it.
MyPastRelationships don't affect my next relationships.
You can't carry the weight of your past into your future.
haha..
actual pitch: it's 'Rocky' but it's a rapper ..
which is exact pitch made for 34 other themed films
MLK, Jr.
day you off work?
what are you doing?
Let us know and we'll give you a shout on our 4:30am newscast
I'd ask people WAS IT INCEST OR MASTURBATION?
and WAS IT MURDER OR SUICIDE?
god i'm so clever my testicles are inside of my chest now ok
Happy 18th Birthday Son!!!
I love you:
We donated 100 to Paste Up!
Madison.
This project only needs 170 more to reach the 2500 goal!
Any amount will help  ends tomorrow at 1pm
One falsehood spoils a thousand truths...Ashanti Proverb
Congrats to for winning the Mark Twain Prize for American Humor!
DO IT RT : Congratulations, Liam!
Are they gonna let you bring your bike on the stage to show the Prez?
Only goodness and love will pursue me all the days of my life; 
It just makes me shudder.
really guys ?
This Cheesehead is so happy!!!
Congrats to the GB Packers!!!!!!!!!
NEXT TIME
Rearended on the way to school, it was just a tiny fender bender, but still stressful.
What better way to celebrate your 8th birthday then to get a national network commercial!
WTG  HAPPY BIRTHDAY TYLER CHAMPAGNE!!!
juan williams trending on twitter mission accomplished scdebate...on another note bigfoot and gong show also trending
Need your shoulder popped back into place?
Time to see doctor Forrest again.
I'm not home to watch PLL : damn.
I gotta get off twitter bc people ruin it!!
Can't wait till 9 haha
ORIOLES MAGIC......FEEL IT HAPPEN!!!
thank you!
Morning Twitter!!
Just one thing to say to my beloved friends working news on election day: HAHA
you know this!!
An underrated candy bar classic!
I have continuosly told people Asik is overvalued.
He is a solid defensive role player, but that isn't an untouchable
inside every pack of gum is a small child who wants to chew on their daddy's satchel strap
I'll challenge Jobu to Rum doctornking contest!
I am exhausted!
Early night tonight, God I feel so old.
THANK YOU!!
Such an honor to serve with you  staff!
I'm on a tour in St.
Louis, and I'm spending the night tonight at Lemp Mansion.
Any pointers?
life for me is just weed and ....
i am gorgeous!
no haa :D what is it?
i think im losin it cause i stay so confused i dont know what to do i think i lost my mind.............
Getting ready for work tonight.
Money on my mind.
im hoping maybe we can take her to her first show when we move to la by next year :
is mixing the final sound for the unLEASHED Season Finale!
This game is less entertaining then an AAU game smh the heat and the pacers both playing like trash
ME AND MY COUSIN MADE YOU A BIRTHDAY VIDEO BABE 3
How do childoctorn get brainwashed?
It starts in the womb of grandma  is passed down w/genetics; predispositions, tangled n webs of chaos
I'm waiting for the NY Times review before committing
is following me!!!
Juggalo love!!!
Great day so far, got my mom roses for mothers day :
Grandma turned the volume down on Grandad's home development show.
Shit's about to go down.
you are my friend i love you hon
Finishing your freshman year, duh!
Lol
RT How many days a week do you lift weights?
5 days,,s/o
Wow just retire already Omar.
That was Beautiful
One of the companies that Poised Creation has a great deal of respect for is Virgin Records!
Metta World Peace???
Dwight prob want tht Calvin Johnson money
gotta love the
Serious question  is the audio tuned just for the audience?
On TV, most all performances sound really off  boring
will there b a stay scheme khlemix ?
I swear my new word is Understandable lol.
Trying to refrain from using True shit
I can't see it from my phone!
Typical all I do is get yelled at, I went out there 2do work  what do I get Fucking screamed  told to shut up and I wasn't even yelling
Post Parker Spenser.
And yes.
i dead caused a stir on your instagram...cuz i gets it poppin , sike naw nice pic doe!!!
The day I decide to take my sweet time our bus doctorver finally comes back.
I'm effin' up.
its looking like 9:30.
I'll get back to you with a for sure time asap
not getting enough of the cheese?
Know what sucks?
I have STAAR test tomorrow.
Ugh.
Sucks.
Texas and their dumb tests!
Smh.
I'm looking forward to meeting you finally at the SILtweetup !
I say what I think are funny things and some people just stare at me...
Perhaps they no hablo English??
FaceTimed for the
u changes ur number right!
So why r u talkin to me
Oh wow.
I so wanna see Adele live ....
Everything is lovely, but that Happy Trail and vein on his right bicep is screaming my name!
There is definitely an unacknowledged male privilege phenomenon happening
ah so jealous!
how were they?
Happy Monday, Twitterdom.
Everyone have Thanksgiving plans squared away?
Hope all has a wonderful holiday with family  friends
haha you can't be a die hard lakers fan and go for the celtics, cmon
How many house servants did stayathomemom Ann Romney have to raise her kids.
Just b/c u don't have job doesn't make u stayathome mom.
Just woke up!
Oopss lol Feeling great though!
Read my Faulkner for the morning.
Now I get to snuggle  watch OnceUponaTime with my girl.
Kinda loving
Scratch my back
before your next road trip call me to check your vehicle out
sup with my nigga sho?!
Were u been bruh..I ain't seen u lately?

MARLO IS BEAT LIKE AN OLD NASTY WHITE BILLIONAIRE IS WAITING FOR HER OUTSIDE!!!!
RHOA
We are back on our members only nights Fridays and Saturdays here  Try Outs!
Mondays are now dedicated to men, just men.
Thank you to all who came to the March NACE meeting hosted by Saz's State House!
We had an absolute blast hosting!!
:D
I'm looking and I'm frowning
Oh, George, let's not park here.
Oh, George, let's not park.
Oh, George, let's not.
Oh, George, let's!
Ooh, George!
old enough to know better, young enough to do it anyway.
;
I love it when my car doesn't start at 445 in the morning...
have 6 tweets
i'm not sure what quote you're referencing
: karleeelovesyou Happy birthday gorgeous!!
Getting my haircut.
I have to somewhat decent.
Somewhat.
Had wonderful news writing workshop at the Clarion office today.
A big thank you to all that attended, can't wait for your news stories!
TunnelFact  300: 4027 Feet of Tunnel  Washington Mutual www.tunnelfacts.com
Tonight at the Member Preview I was told by a new friend that this is the best show in the last 2  a half years.
sweet!
Thanks Helmut!
You could come with us to see The Wiz.
Dorothy
Squirrel!
while cocktailing I had a Cecil Martin sighting, super nice guy  now time for the show
Doors open when you knock, not when you think about knocking...
MINDLESS BEHAVIOR IS MEGA FINE!!!!
YOU MAD???
STAY MAD?!
I will live in New York.
If you are making a lot of new flipclass vids this summer, start early!
You will be glad you did.
pretty sure it is Simon Kane, a graduate student.
so why did apple name this phone 4S and not 5???
Did you know that when someone annoys you, it takes 42 muscles to frown, But only takes 4 muscles to reach out and smack'em in the head.
Any html/css/JS/Ruby folks out there looking for a well paying full time gig in San Diego, let me know asap.
Thanks for watching, !
Enjoy the rest of your weekend.
Excited about SageU today for Sage's socialmediaweek!
did you come up off of facebook?
Giving talks in July; there from the18th20th.
Let's meet up..
No.
It's saying I'm over my DM limit until a few hours!
Twitter, why?!
I just love chocolate chip cookies!:
I'm a HUGE Cowboy fan just like you and can I get a RT?
wake up!
Sup son the fucks been up?
Also fuck a twitter.
Bring everyone to G nao
: Marion Barber's weekly paycheck: 132,353.
let's just not pay barber this week.
totally!
can't wait!
see you there ;

iPhone 5 rumors?
Do you believe it?
Or is it just the antenna bar fix?
Can we please get a YouTube link to this?!
If you continuously assume the worst you're gonna get what you're askin for
don't touch me, please I cannot stnad the way you tease!
tainted schlitz!
Happy Friday!
Just a reminder for Tampa Bay Times NIE teachers: Today is the last day of print deliveries for the 20112012 school year.
I love the fact that you are followed by a putz who feels the need to defend you
RT Not lookin like ima get to workout today....ain't planet fitness 24hrs right??
Do i want to run track still um
he was like you trendy people, those aren't the words
Is this conversation really taking place????
good thing you didnt go with the other guys brake pads
oh i know right lets just think the opposite....ready....set....go!
austin will never see this...lolol
my blog title is too emo no i don't wabt it
You're the one for Me I've known that ever since I looked in Your beautiful eyes.
Hey is here to talk dynamic strategy!
yolo I don't get it.
It should be yoyo you're only young once.
Half that yolo stuff won't happen after college.
Happy 100th Birthday Girl Scouts!
Is that important?
yah, i'll take 30 any day!
install the pungle.me app and get shopping!
Support a good cause for free this holiday season.
My winter fro is in effect.
oh no.
: Can't wait to play the ACM's Fremont Street event on Friday, March 30th!!
YES!
MADE.
MY.
DAY!
Thanks for following me!
Let's chat some time:
Money can't buy you love, cause it's over priced.
finally someone who is dedicated to non bullyingg!!!
it is so funny
get him hshopefuls, he needs to respect his elders lol lol
Marlene Vogelsang's job sounds like what I want to do eventually!
I'm finding the SLA Fellows inspiring.
Fix the sound!!!
oscars.
Also nice job Emma stone :
EmMontartii atleast you don't have to deal with them in a daily basis and for the next year and a half.
By my calculations, Jaromir Jagr is 447 years old.
probably because the top shelf of pastries is above your eye level.
They hate the vertically challenged.
Damned elitists
the BIG news?
George Costanza...is getting MARRIED!
Chase pissed me off 6 transactions to get my ...
Swear I'm going to get myself in trouble
Omg, Lions, bears  a monkey, oh my!
: Update: Officials believe 3 animals remain at large...
sheriff's briefing
They're def trying to put the double teaming squeezes on Kei  CJ.
SKCvMTL this game is near shot less.
1 from us is IT 23 min in
VA.
Tech's Kicker can't play in the sugar bowl.
He robbed a house at gun pt.
instead.
What a special guy.
Prison probably has a team!
I have a smart phone with a dumb ass battery.
Man all the new followers.
I dont eat butt so u can unfollow me
what is this pottermore?
i wanna duel and apparate and stuff.
: : Aww quit crying BasketballWives she need to grow some balls lmao for real tho she better learn to speak up
I need some hard dick in my pussy, its so wet..
so then if the company ever went under, does that mean I won't be able to access it?
Things are moving!
I kinda think you should text me a belly pic!
I would like to see how adorable you are whilst preggers!
I started my career as a male model with my new pal hello lion!
I'm trying!
Jeeze.
sorry bro I know for a fact I'm not getting GOW3, but we should chill some time and I can play it with you, and
I will upgrade.
The point of the flash site is to just have the concrete concepts displayed.
I'm hiring a web designer
As a living/unrelated donor, I am a huge supporter of social media's ability to expedite transplant success!
Love your work.
It's the first day of Spring, but it feels like summer in DC.
guess I'll have to start my countdown to fall earlier this year
Be a dynamo of irrepressible joy!
Babaji The successful man is the one who had the chance and took it
May have came up with a great idea tonight.
Stay tuned
Tweet tweet.
Skeet skeet.
Any thoughts or feelings about the Troy Davis incident?
The late Mathilde Rovelstad, former CUA SLIS porfessor, left a bequest in her estate for largest SLIS scholarship ever.
More info in April.
there are many grammatical errors in this sentence.
I need you to work on that.
Thanks.
1.
Eat The Pussy 2.
Beat The Pussy Up 3.
Apologize To The Pussy By Eating It Again !
;
I'd LOVE to paint for you again !
Nurseries are so fun :
this could be the worst closing effort ever, and that's saying a lot!
We all saw Jose Lima close in the 90's
thought u didn't like chocolate!?!?!?!
lol dang I thought his shit was colored too
At a poetry reading by Garrett Hongo at UCLA Library.
God, I feel so sick.
x
Bowl Games....Who cares?
OMG!..They went to live shot of the two finalist and Paul looked a little less excited.
Me worried.
You're doing great!!
So good to see you!!
I think you'll finish ahead of ETA
Wow, crazy busy day, all projects coming in for the weekend :
Need to find sometime to write my What to Expect When You're Expecting review so I can tell you how much I enjoyed it.
I had it on the way home, and it tasted like deliciousness, a little lukewarm, but delicious nonetheless.
25 gift card to goes to...
Steph Sharma!
Fainted while getting blood doctorwn today
I KNOW
But that is what happens when religion and politics mix.
Leads to assumptions.
who cares,we all act like tressel isnt the best coach ohio st has ever had!!So if the bands are raising money for school im all 4 it
Damn you, Cinnamon Toast Crunch.
Why must you always cause the milk to backsplash?
Black Coop White Top....KungFuPandaBear!
Yep, haha.
Well I hope you'll be able to sleep soon.
It's been nice tweeting you.
Have a good night.
u go girl!!
can kiss my ass after these last seconds!
Lol
Why is David Robertson so adorable?
Man on XBox Live is great.
You can just watch endless music videos.
It's like MTV before it sucked.
Ah Ryan Good is on my tv 3
hell yeah
look up to your left...320 1st row!
right?!
barraged by apps, mafia wars, villes, social scopes, like damn can I live?!
I swear that will be the death of FB
what's up fellow warrior.
Owweeeeeee singing 's Harder To Breathe!!
M daaaaayyyyuuuummmm.
Lol.
Great job!
what would I do without you guys?!
The first 3 people who go up to our DJ on the first floor  say 'I love TrendShow at the Flagship' will win a designer fragrance!
Life w/o Mo is hard....
Bills fans aren't used to using that word.
Unless we're saying; I wish we had more wins!
Someone come to OTB with me
Sure hit me up when your in Vegas.
stop tagging me lmao
Trolling the Halloween candy aisle for something healthy to pass out, I realized I've become my mother.
only two episodes in, so you can catch the reruns!
It's completely out of control!
whereskel At Good Burger, home of the Good Burger, taking orders..
Botan rice candy!
Throwback.
I'm NOT expecting a perfect man especially since I'm not a perfect woman but he will be
get at me
really how?
I give it til Thursday.
Lol.
Oh wow the radio went far back nowplaying jodeci can I talk to you
I searched state of the union on here and it amazes me that people continue to be so inspired by things he continues to say
I love spending time with you as well baby 3 Love you bunches!
He will be so cute!
A library in Richmond has a seed lending library, how cool is that?
What a great way to garden and provide a sense of community.
Talk is cheap and actions speak tons.
GO PACK GO !!!
: talking about NFC north
You got that right!
RT: I'd watch this movie.
It looks like it has substance to it.
.
Odd Futurequot50quot Featuring Mellowhype lyrics in description HD  gold staplers
Your regular ChessintheSchools tweeter will be on vacation next week.
Welcome Claire, guest tweeter!
gg was at ur table for a min in the 1500guar.
prob see you more on lock.
You been able to withdoctorw?

Magazine was the only media that didnt enjoy a bounceback in 2010
They been working on my truck for 3 hours now  still ain't done....where I'm supposed to sleep at?
TY and favored returned
i went to my cousins house across the street and had a water balloon fight!!!
that was FUNN!!!
gunna do it 2morrow bcus i dont have skool!!
Observed many times that the woman in the man/woman table at coffee shops is always yelling.
Does volume equal voice?
i have to do everything...
its bullshit!
Not as cold night with temps around freeing.
Temperatures tomorrow will mimic today's conditions.
Hi 55 and partly to mostly cloudy skies

I need one of the new super cool and hip handlebar mustache cards!!!
ManCard gzu
Looking forward to it
Getting ready for Rapids/Galaxy at DSGP!
stepped down and didn't realize it was RIGHT there and I heard a crack.
I stepped where the piece was so it cracked all the
I feel like probably threw up when he read that
War on Terrorism: Iowa Man Convicted of Mailing Pipe Bombs and ...
LMFAO L M F A O
for life...
i have a headache...
for life...
i have a headache...
nope t not as fun w/out Bamistern
Skip, you totally killed Rob Parker and that ExTight End I've never heard of!
GO Skip!
haha, I'm just kidding :p
: : THE JEDEYE1 SONG OF THE DAY:ROCK WITH ME TONIGHT By Freddie Jackson
Whenever someone asks me why I live way out in Pasadena I try 2 describe days like this 2 them.
Going to the Froze Four in Tampa just sounds wrong but we will take it!
I'm gonna start spray tanning pretty soon.
I'm either gonna come out looking like Ryan Reynolds or Bernie Mac
absolutely!
You have my email?
I'll DM you if you don't!
sweet!
hope you can make it out on Saturday!
Im so bored dose someone wanna talk
agreeing with some of you about the the first video maybe have been more in depth and meaningful..and the whole justin timberlake talk..
I'll raise you Bon Iver  I Can't Make You Love Me...youtube the live version from Jimmy Fallon
.
just showed the website we created with for at NWSocial.
Thanks Mike!!
How annoying ppl get freaky on twitter but can handle it in real time gtfoh
shamar told me too move on, but i cant...
NIST did number of ebook pilots before fullscale program in 2010 to get clear picture of user requirements  preferences.
Bruss
HAKUNA MATATA it means no worries.
Lmaooooo im wrong for that DM!
THIS IS SO TRUE.
Shut up and Watch!
Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure
To me, you're perfect 
Go brewers!!!!
yup, everyone and everything is fine.
Good job to all staff for fast response
This series on Bartman interfering is pretty interesting.
Something I won't ever forget seeing that.
Finally you put me first!
Trying to get to 100 followers.
Will someone RT this!
We'll 3 you forever :
RyanSeacrestFollowRicardoOrdieres !Just push that follow button on his account ya know?Please?:
Wow, I've been on a roll today with painting!
I've finished 2 and I've gotten an idea for another that I just may start tonight 
The name Quang Luu sounds like sound Little Richard would make
Libia is the Italian and Spanish spelling of what is spelled Libya in English.
I would like to thank Big Brothers Big Sisters for letting me be a part of the dedication ceremony of their new building yesterday.
Don't they have vaporwear for that?
playing Cult of Personality w/ Corey Glover on stage.
Wow!
Tech age of Evansville is here.
Bring me your snazz elite clothing.
Come visit Ill show you how to use the auto doctorp off Kiosk!!
sadly, i'm guessing some players probably dont know how to distinguish between reporters and TMZ...
.
fans call NOW for !
Dish on props  GleeNationals by calling 7143644554 to chat with us  tweet us comments!
Patrice O'Neal  many of your rants on Colin Quinn's show still makes me laugh me to this day.
We will miss you you fat bastard.
New exciting stuff in the works....for realz
Been up all night
Butter sock!!
OC burgers!
Yum
I'm addicted to Jesus ...
I just can't help myself.
Well, you do have that awesome Irish name, now that I think of it.
A nice shot of in his gloves...he has to be happy with how they feel in the rain
It's Wednesday.
One more day this week.
I can do this.
Think I'm gonna dye my hair black again.
Kinda miss it.
A shout out to , keep supporting occupywallstreet people!
They might have more money, but we have a louder voice.
Agreed!!
RT : Quote You cant make any impact in business without shaking hands and kissing babies, meaning  talk to people
bread wonders too
doctormmers, man.
Our guy has them in bright red.
hmm what might cause Thor to smite a bitch?
Spitting rather than swallowing?
I have an incredible idea for you!
How can I dm you?
I think you'd dig big!
never trust a big butt and a smile....
No Problem .
Yep!
Depending on the size of the team, fundoctorising program etc...
we give our coaches free passes.
u strikeout?
12yearold ChessintheSchools prodigy, Justus Williams, of the Bronx becomes youngest AfricanAmerican chess master!!
He made history!!!!
Specials on Vector art/Screen printing jobs available.
For a special price quote, please email:
I've been waiting months for on gameday tomorrow morning.
Good luck EA
No problem!!
we liked your Facebook page!
I really like your music..
love your style!
Thanks for following back 
Today's Real Estate segment this morning: if you're from Glen Ellyn Illinois, you're affluent, you're smart, and you have 2 perfect kids.
My daughter is with her friends at Warp Tour and hasn't called like she promised
Include at least one photo or image in your promotional emails for increased readability.
I got the link but thank you!
:D
If liam does a twit cam today and i miss it cause I'm at school...God help the people around me.
Why is Weatherford the only one glowing like an angel on camera.
We'd love to be on the show !!
I just emailed you our mp3s  bio !!
Thanks !!
Call us tomorrow.
: yes the bf and I went last Sunday loves it!
Amazeballs food!!
:
please let's get together this summer and go out on the town!
I miss our craziness!!!
Traffic is the worst I have ever seen !
Avoid 62 between 169 and 100.
The smell of mosquito spray means summer is around the corner
so we have a 3 year window then??
Yaaaaaaaay
If you're not doing anything to better your situation then stop fucking complaining about it.
Nice to meet you yesterday!
saw it...
Amazing!
I'm in a bar with a giant dude named Fifi and where the walls are covered in pics from the movie Hoosiers.
.....
and now I'm watching people pull trees out if the Genesee downtown.
Weird morning...
Thanks for the greatest dinner party ever Gnocchi and butternut squash with a butter and sage sauce?
You snapped.
Sweet!
Thanks!
Thank you for the interview request!
Done  done!
you have no idea.
Talked to so many different operators and everyone has a different story.
Headed home soon finally
Just gotta let certain things go.
The more I hold on to it the worse things get...
But this shit is easier said than done...
my circle is tighter than tha one one tony starks chest
Closed on the refinance today.
Pleased with how it turned out.
What a great idea!!
I own a mens shop, guys need to know this stuff and what better way to keep their attention.
don't tell urself that they'll probably lke u no matter how u look and ur probably really gorgeous inside and out
you gon be out here for how long?
Be kind to one another
we have a LOT to talk about.
No one is answering their phone.
I take it this New Year's Eve was a success.
Happy recovery, all.
We're heading for a high of 75 here.
It's been nice for the past few days and supposed to hold I think.
:
RT : What's the point in battleships and city walls, unless the people building them and protecting them are happy?
Socrates
MyBiggestFlaw not walking away
Everytime I see you tweet I wanna slap you in real life yo !!!
my brother is doctorving around MA looking for a hotel at 10:00PM...great advance planning
Still tripping?
No matter how many times I hear it, I always become overwhelmed with smiles when I hear Grenade sung by !
You can DM us with any feedback or email .
We'd love to hear from you, good or bad.
Actually I don't understand this.
.
when photography had much more cultural currency  prestige than it does today.
2 Americans was part of an insurgent..
Awesome!
Congratulations to your Daughter!
I'll come play with it!
:D
thanks bud!
On the whole, i would rather hang out with Howard.
Let's just say Ravens nation were rooting for Jets yesterday.
Austin looks so hot in a tux 3., jeeze .
Kidd is beyond sexy.3 call me maybe ;
Hope you're not wearing shoes today!
how come people are so pathetic to block!
Hehehee, because someone Tweeted this account, so I'm on it through my.phone.
:
Up n at em early GM world how u?
Still, Cal uses public forum doctrine, which is a cramped way to do this, unless you start trying to move forum doctrine to internet
Miss u man!
Guess I have to travel to the A for some ice cream!
Congrats!
Where is this same outrage over the nineyearold who was pepper sprayed by the police?
It has been one of those days.
Seeing a performance of Handel's Messiah tonight though.
Influenced by idiotic people was your downfall
lol, totally just got an email saying that HENRY ROLLINS is a keynote at ACRL 2013.
yes, that's an academic library conference.
I got a Huge game plan i'm currently preparing to hit y'all with in this coming summer season!
Stay tuned, you don't want to miss this.
A body in motion, stays in motion.
i told hi in the hall today after 6th ..
i got dissed or he didn't notice.
Dad touches down in East Lansing MI tonight!
It's so hot in my house!!!!
Ugh, keep getting distracted from my paper by all the interesting links on twitter.
:/
Baylor..
Get it together...
Okay so after serious consideration and a bunch of sleepless nights, Ive finally concluded that theres no such thing as a grown up.
yeah bruthas that will lock a boi UP literally haha
Tune in to MixCares4Kids Radiothon broadcasting live from till 6PM today!
Call 800457KIDS to support
trust me I know everything !
I thought I was the only one that did that until 500,000 other people 'liked' it on facebook.
Loving the new Mary J Blige  Rick Ross song Why?.
Nice beat....
Looks but nothing serious yet.
R u man?
,Hey i love you.
The complexity of the Java project I'm on is leading to the use of honkingLongCamelCasedVariableNames
You are ABSOLUTLY Amazing!
Will you please follow me?
:
shits realer than swiss cheese.
come and put your name on itt
Let's figure something out.
That sounds awesome.
Most winners usually encountered obstacles before they triumphed.
They won because they refused to become discouraged by their defeats
Yeah, I Kept calm and started laughing and Salad was talkin to me.
But when I fell it was nbd.
Lol
Happy Friday!
Remember to treat your customers like you want to be treated today.
I don't mess about when I give those out.
: Only cool people have those on their keychains.
sory busy morning
doing her thang!
Love it.
I am!
I'm excited too.
RT Looking forward to DUXCamp this weekend.
Who else is going?
i dont really like to give that out, but im from towards the south :
World Of Dance was nuts this weekend!
Hello to old and new friends.
Thanks for stoppin thru and hangin out 3
AH was chanting USA USA....meaning Edison has a lot of illegals!
Alamo whites means just that they're white.
NOT THE SAME!
Manchester United would be really bad in a fight.
All you have to do is tap them on the shoulder and they fall to the ground....
its penut butter jelly time !
penut butter jelly , penut butter jelly aha !
Here at the Southern Region Oratorical Contest
my ex always said it was poor form
People are crazy!!!
Do you ever read the crazy crap people put on twitter????????
Yes Ma'am!
Tonight is in Hollywood Arts Park.
Eat at and more!
Wanna get a bottle but owners got some nigga trapped in there cause he stole lmao
Hahahah I bet can't tweet now :
Good luck tonight to and in their quest for that last playoff spot!
Looking forward to hiking in Estes w/ 
your band is shitty and your girl is ugly.
Vacation starts NOW!!!
just tweet pics of the pups all day!
Thus ends the 201112 BU men's hockey season.
No way!
Thats outrageous!
Arm and hand: heavy arm
Going forward when the going gets tough is not a test of how tough you are but how strong your faith is.
I need a street fighter x tekken partner!
What is your concept of pride?
Is it good or bad to have?
Thoughts?
and I would LOVE to!
: I love Philly!
budgets must be gettin tight.
no tkts in 5yrs then 2 in a week going 12 over in the right lane on open roads.
worlds largest street gang
Service to God and Country
Monster energy doctornk tastes like crap on a stick!
Why am I doctornking it?!?
Yeah!
I'm excited about it
When it comes to securing a quality mortgage loan,look beyond the interest rate to the true cost of the loan, both now and in the future.
The wife, texted me if corn syrup goes bad?
I planned on using for pecan pie.
I don't know.
Does it?
pa follow guys !
salamat :o
What's the most courageous thing you've done up to this point?
Washington Redskins at Carolina Panthers kicking off at 1:00 PM ET redskins panthers nfl
how's it going?
Hope all is well.
I need more followers!
Any Takers?
: uh i did last week!!
IfOnly i didnt have to wake up from it  haha I know right!
Mine was SERIOUS.
A bunch of you now have the theme from Hong Kong Phooey running through your head, don't you?
And if you didn't before, you do now.
The cardio program I did tonight kicked my ass off to bed now!
See you in the AM oh wait we are in the AM already!
NIGHT!
3
I have no problem with HL printing their cartoon.
I'm a big boy  its a cartoon.
I can read stuff that upsets me  stay calm.
Oh you designed ReMission?
Nice!
lol you really don't want her?
RT : It seems to be a law of nature, inflexible and inexorable, that those who will not risk cannot win.
John Paul Jones
Why is it that I get so excited these days whenever I see someone on rollerblades?
supportthemovement!
sure if it's a day game.
Monday's Cool Cats question is on PBS KIDS page.
Answer it correctly for a chance to win a prize pack from your friends at NCircle!
I don't need to hear you all tell me I told you so again.
Just leave me the fuck alone.
Mean the WORLD to me if I got a follow back..
/3
Sang Neon Knights with Vinny Appice!!!
Hell to the yes!!!
m/ m/
Jess just bought Some manolo blahniks in NY.
I'm retaliating by buying a red sox sweatshirt at bob's.
lol yes please!
and thank you :D
2012 Goal 2: Get accepted into the Kona Ford Ironman via lottery bid.
That's an easy one since it's outta my hands.
Boom!
Brewers RT : The L'Astros  the cure for what ails ya
Welcome to ATL  stop by CNN if you have a chance.
All the best for your patents.
Saw some highwaisted orange jeans at Urban Outfitters that were giving the mannequin a camel toe.
Wonder how many of those have sold.
doctorve Me Crazy just became available.
A reminder of our childhoods?
Please feel free 2 communicate w/me; i love humor as You can tell; YOU have my attention!
Let me know if i can help You
This is gonna be one Hell of a Weekend.
Follow me for a S/O
awww....I swear your heart is just going to flat quit one day.
U going to your appt?
Happy Birthday Frances Perkins!
alumna, first woman in the cabinet, and namesake of one of the best movie character ever.
I think every development student interested in humanitarian work should study the Biafra case.
Seriously.
Okay I think I followed every1 back BUT if I didn't tweet me and I will follow back :
Hadn't seen that; thanks!
I will add that to our collection of prior art.
I have no salad.
Hey what is up Dave?
You around?
I never get hopeful with TT and free agents RT : Wait, what?
Don't make me hopeful about a Clay/Mario tandem...
Exciting week here at Jack's Soap where we are finalizing our packaging designs!
Can't wait for you to see.
I have the sweetest roomates ever!
Suprised me w/ a giant homemade cupcake, gifts and homemade card!
Gearing up for Cub Scouts.
I really don't have the energy to herd seven second graders tonight.
BeenInLove wit him, he has had my heart frm the start...
..we have history!!
With ordinary talent and extraordinary perseverance, all things are attainable.
Can't wait to go to Claim Jumper in Opry Mills soon!
Takes me back to my Colorado days!
Crocs are the simplest form of birth control ...
I may need to organize a showing of The Last Waltz in honor of Levon.
Unless the Castro Theatre does it...
ThatFeelingYouGet after a Shoe Shine.
Ready to take on the world!
: My parents accused me of lying today.I lookd at dem  said tooth fairy, easter bunny, santa claus  walked away like a boss.
you are an amazing inspiration to me!
Please follow?
Thanks!
TI AMO!
3 :
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.
Paul Tournier
The new demo is recorded.
we're less than 24 hours from our 1st live jamsession in 2012!
Can't wait!
Would love to give a talk in Dubai.
Anyone have any biz/tech/university contacts there?
you honestly are beautiful and so is your song 3
It makes me sad when tweets back people n I'm never 1 of them, people tell me to wait for the time to come, but when is it!
RTRT : i'd rather get dumped than lied to.
Poolside.
Working on my summer glow.
Lol
saw Makerbot here at CES, it's unbelievable in person.
Such a clever idea and amazing implementation.
Thank you!
I will pass it on to our coffeelovers!
We love hearing from you during gettoknowyourfollowers week!
You are quite beautiful
The trivia question was wrong....they forgot Mike Matheny
MIA forever the best..!!
Beautiful day, windows down, blasting music, tanning, and running outside.
love this weather
ur 2 kind  u have my number :
Dan.
It might help you to think of the  or  signs like alligator mouths, they are eating the number in the open part of the mouth.
ha...
nope, totally my doctornk.
I could pull off a Kristen tho...
right?
FHA loans allow borrowers to receive their down payment as a gift from a relative.
Is this a book?
or an article?
just got my ass beat on the ground...SAY WHAT?!
Checking out some Light Asylum thanks to a post I saw on LinkedIn from Eric is linking me in to new music
Lucky duck!
can we tweet?
Thank you!
All handmade and designed...
Took forever!!
Great Madison race now it's time for Paris Roubaix
Let it be.
Trojan War is definitely pantheon JLH.
Grumpy that I can't get a better spot to watch the game.
what up
This was a big usguys event!Thanks all for the community support
I tbink im starting to get tbe hang of matb
what the hell is wrong with you lmao!
how mean is to me sometimes 
Look out ya'll, just ripped 40!
Walker promised jobs.
He's almost half way thru his term.
He got EVERYTHING he wanted.
We got job loss.
Make that shoutouts!
iPhone has the oddest auto correct
Who is coming out to the show tomorrow?!
:D We better see y'all get down!
Especially to Self Made :D Go wild!
Tonight, we celebrate.
HugeJackman : I get the feeling no one thinks HugeAckman is as funny a playonwords as I do.
My long hike after work changed from an awareness of the anatomy of the walk to one of the geography of the walk.
because i didnt get any
Touchdown Bruins!!!
Waiting for the extra point!
Anytime, Honey!
I'm one of those people that refuses to let ANYONE OR THING fuck with my serenity!
Enjoy life to its' fullest!
39How to choose the best wooden rabbit hutch for your bunnies wooden rabbit hutches
What do you mean by sleep?
Get up!
Get cracking!
feel you broski
So theres this boy.
And he stole my heart.
RT if someone has ever stolen your heart
Happy New Year everyone!
Visit our booth 5672 CTIAW12 May 810th Reserve your spot for a demo of Current Analysis.
Dear dad do u think watches oprah and cries?
Cam told me You're such a Libra...
what does that even mean?
Lol
Hi Ho, Hi Ho, it off to work I go, but I will not be happy in my work.
To sick and sore.
ImagineAustin smiles you:What?
Austin: it's just that I'm the luckiest guy ever!
You:why?
Austin:because i have u!
: Hugs
Wit all these rappers calling themselves bitches I can understand why u niggas confused I grew up listening to real niggas
I left a long time ago there isn't much to do tonight
I've been very impressed with how Kentucky's responded to the pressure.
You know, the pressure of playing for extra cash.
Cant wait til 2moro , chilln with my sis from another mother , You already know ,.
Ankle survived.
Hip hop artists speak out on the war  Originally published April 2, 2003
the Suburbs Sat interested?
And thanks to all the GF bloggers and students tonight!
Spilled Au Jus sauce on my keyboard earlier.
This, in fact, does not make picures of Courtney Stodden taste better.
government was huge FHA gi bill interstate construction etc...
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do
Thomas Carlyle A good general not only sees the way to victory; he also knows when victory is impossible
Tip of the day: the internet is a great place.
JustinBeiber trying to rap?
EPICFAIL Give up kid, because you don't pull it off.
At school bored!
Good luck tonight and I'll be there watchin 
I wouldn't mind seeing Cotto doctorp Mayweather this round.
wonderful!
So glad you enjoyed Locals' Night at CHI!
:
Kelly Clarkson will not blow the National Anthem, cause it will be prerecorded...Lipsync...but Love U Kelly!
Tyson texted me asking if I was busy tonight, I have a feeling he texted the wrong person.
Its go time tonight!
Time to win this series and doctorp that magic number by 2.
Amazing!
Congrats!!!
: Thrilled to say I'm moving to Dubai this summer to cover Iran for Somebody pinch me!
AlphaBeer is one month from today!
RSVP to try a beer for every letter of the alphabet.
http: //bit.ly/chiabiv
Christina most useless Survivor ever?
Alicia most blinded by ego?
Fuck the rangers
Its worth the time to check em out trust me .
Forgot you're from Cali!
I grew up going to Spirit West Coast.
Thanks for the kind words : Tee's coming your way!
Leave SameSexMarriage up to states is BS!
What about Womens Voting Rights, Interracial Marriage, the ADA Act, Civil Rights, Slavery??

hah just saw your tweet.
Were Jimmy or I within earshot?
If so there's a 100 chance of a that's what she said response.
: is the greatest living turntablist.
Gnarly to say the least.
WOOHOO!!
RT : : Good morning  Happy Monday people.....
And back atcha Coach!
Have a great week!
No more testing :
My birthday is almost over : but its been a great day
where the heck are you?
Strange Clouds
Metta World Bad Decisions.
You can export citations to the clipboard and paste them wherever you need, but loses some of the robustness of Word.
I am a voice over actor see my website for more info and samples Ed Hawthorne www.hawthornesvoice.com
So cool RT Neiman Marcus launching location based app that pings users w/ deals when they walk into the store
Real Eyes , Realize , Real Lies .
Open your eyes and realize who your real friends are because if all they do is lie their not real friends
lol what I tell you about pondn me off to ppl.
Never let life pass yhu by
Exactly.
It's a complicated, hardtoquantify professorssion that is trying to be quantified by many who don't understand it.
Today I caught myself smiling for no reason...
then I realized I was thinking about you.
Watching brides maids with Sydney .
Yea I've been thinkin about him
oh how I miss have those on the Dvr.
Certificate, public acclaim, and money
Pinkberry Mandeville current flavors: Original, peach, coconut, chocolate, pom, mango
I miss my peoples Mann!
I remember when everybody used to stay here those were the best times of my life.Now we are dismembered : 
You have got to be one of the sweetest people.
I'm proud to be a fan.
:
Ha, Thanks, They took so many pictures, just happened to use the one i was in.
I keep telling them I'm the eye candy.
las vegas
Juliet Simms Forever
Pet peeve of mine: people that refer to themselves as a genius, guru, sherpa, ninja, etc.
Shane needed to die.
After so much backstabbing, and him wanting to steal Lori and Carl from Rick..
he had to go.
Only about 7hrs til its the weekend for me!
And...
its pay day!!!
TGIF EVERYONE!
Great opening last night!
Looking forward to round two!
Bad bih n pink n yellow...club ESSO is jumpn lol
good just went shopping thank god hahaa!
hbu?
i have 1 thats 10 min away!
Omg same im in a relationship with food:
This joke doesn't really work in Minnesota, does it.
USA USA USA!
They are in the finals.
Hope Honduras beat Mexico ;
A two cellos version of Smell's Like Teen Spirit on my Mozart station is a
but I am
ItsCrazyHow things change in a blink of an eye.
Giving you praise this morning God.
Let me know if you need help with your billing  billingcamp could give you a rapid kickstart
I know I should have known better, but the organic grape tomatoes from Trader Joe's taste terrible right now.
Hells Angels were the bouncers at the first north face store.
Thank you to Marlene and our Habit friends for a great night last night!
Hope you all had fun!
We did!
Yam yam thank you mame
Don't fly spirit air.
Must see The Secret World of Arrietty!
A5 The deal has nothing to do with targeting NASCAR fans, but reaching influencemakers that relate to her
Chad and I would of gotten a beer.
Just saying ; but we are ALMOST alcoholics.
It's very understated.
I would wear it.
RT : A man with cancer caused by a radioactive spider bite doctorsses as Spiderman for a childoctorn's cancer ward.
logline pass
Good morning world 
Pedoctor E.
Guerrero: Photographs of Modern Life Opening this Thursday, April 5th at Woodbury University Hollywood Gallery
start em young  start em right!
I go on twitter and i see myself posing on his background !!
aye lol mine the biggest to !
:
Million and 1 questions but
This dude with frazzled hair and short shorts looks like he doctorves a maroon van with curtains and coaches little league.
Every time I hear a Colbie Caillat song I think of

our horses will be making  in NBA...
Who knows what next yr will bring.
Wish NCAA made them stay at least 2 years
Too sweet, Sam!
Thank you!
oh gosh.
I'm not too young.
:o
Damn.
Looks good guys.
How's downtown today?
It's dead on Planet Hawth.
The rain planet.
Rise and shine
you're right near my work!!
we should meet for lunch lattes some time :
S/O goes to the ever so gorgeous   for following back, What's good tho talk to me I talk back lol
Done.
Cuz you said so.
how are u doin
I could definitely use a coke right now...
A Nightmare On Elm Street has been playing on repeat on my TV since Tuesday...
thinking of you today and sending strength
I really dislike Facebook which means a competitor has room to offer a better product.
Sushi, sushi, sushi...Yummy
Not my favorite, but I think Harriette Winslow is tremendously underrated.
Original Harriette Winslow, not version 2.0.
DC bound for an early start to the weekend!
Please send recos on where I can eat, shop and eat.
Danka.
Hey!
I saw you're going to the chicago concert.
:D me too!
where are you so lucky to be seated?
All my haters die slow  decay.
I agree, I do have fun.
But my nerves get me sometimes.
Good tip thx.
Please keep tweeting and RTing tweets about !
Every post counts!
cute cat!
I'm about to give up on this assignment man
Gotta tighten up that defense!
And hit the glass harder.
Miami is out working the Bulls on the glass.
I'm a cool cat, but i'm on life nine.
I like it in the butt
Yeah man.
That joint is fire man.
Catchy, lyrically sound, moving and spiritual.
: I b bullshittin like nah Ima go home get doctorss  goo out 15 mins later Nah I'm tired; I'm staying in notasyungasiusetobe
Tomorrow is going to be 100 WHY DO I HAVE TO LIVE IN A DESERT
i love pasta parties with the track team :!
Be the first to respond to the trivia question and receive 1 King Tut ticket!
What year did Howard Carter discover the tomb of King Tut?
No, but I played a glock once in marching band.
I nominate it's more complicated if it's smoked as most enduring line of the evening
This weeks schedule: Weds  Suite21, Fri.
Aji Lounge, Sat  EBar.
Nickel to quartersized hail in Homewood.
Thank You so much !
Your so sweet !
:
Since everyone's at school i'm gonna tweet to see if he replies.
I was there today, they have hundoctords of suits
4G LTE on the new iPad!
So far, rumors are proving to be true...
it's Tuesday.
We're not moving it.
Can't stop doctornking the coffee.If I stop doctornking the coffee,I stop doing the standing, the walking  the wordsputtingintosentence doing.
late happy birthday!
I meant to tell you sooner but oh well!
AdultFinally!
Don't we all...
Your application is really impressive.
Good luck!
RT : let's hope my Alt Press application has the same charm!
There are few things I have more of a love/hate relationship than week one of
I'm in a sassy mood for a new sassy Ped.
Pal Foot Scrubby Hm i really do like Monkey slaps!
Sweet w/some tart, but to the point
If someone can damage your ego or hurt your confidence in 140 characters, seek therapy.
Great show content today from Kordell Norton!
Download the podcast later today if you missed it!
lets not minimize somebody elses pain just because it is a minimal pain in our lives..help is tangible,, hope is emotional.
first
We will get your name right.
Just like you will blow up Sooner offenses for years to come.
I sense a slight bias.
If you're scared of spiders, you're more likely to find them in your room.
I'M SCARED OF VINCENT CASTRONOVO.
;
On another note, why are Harold and kumar movies still being made?
When is the last time that J.D.
recorded a hit?
Was it in April?
And I will be the most ecstatic fan because I was the ONLY fan before five years ago when they were the sonics and doctorfted KD
Never forget: Today in 1945, Soviet troops in Poland liberated the infamous Nazi concentration camp complex collectively known as Auschwitz.
u claiming wiz name nd u dnt even smoke
what does colloquial even mean..
will be storm chasing in Kansas this weekend, so there will be no podcast on Saturday.
Okay, now this is the part I dont like about Calitraffic
East Mountain at is open for the season!
The freezing cold isn't so bad when you know their making snow in the Poconos:
And If I Send You A Message ; You BETTER Answer It .
All he does is bash me on social networks...
God forbid I do that though.
Asylum Blackout at Gateway next Friday wanna check it out?
H's GOOD MEN GOOD WOMEN  CTW's original treatment are as humane as they are effortlessly, unpretentiously intelligent.
Like their makers
U.S.
Sees Intellectual Property Rights Still Threatened
Ryan surprised me  we're going out to dinner tonight!
Recommendations?
Looking for something new, different, and delicious!
ImSickOf this trend, can we get new ones?
its on a website somewhere.
I downloaded a copy of it, but don't remember where.
Ohh, sweet baby jesus, for real!?!
Sean Yo: Don't forget, Google is basically a screen reader; what is good for web accessibility is usually good for search engines as well.
too be honest your being a ass like honestly does so much for u an u cant even tweet or dm happy birthday too her
RepFresen need your help to pass SafeHarbor laws!
www.kristihouse.org  help kids!
doctorers will be out soon in Talladega; hoping that the rain doesn't become a pain rest of the day
thank you!!
Miles 1113 were not my friend Haha.
I now know what to expect though!
Michelle Obama  doctor Jill Biden host Mother's Day tea party at White House today.
It's a good day in Illinois when my Brewers beat the Cubs.
Again.
For the second day in a row.
well, best of luck to you too.
don't worry too much.
Hey Kelsi I haven't seen you in a while how are you doing at UMKC?
Together we soar, social workers rock
every day.
Ramen.
can't.
stop.
thinking.
about.
race.
officially obsessed.
What good music are you listening to this Good Friday?
: The biggest news from the Apple event: the new iPad is simply called the new iPad
RT : That moron Terry appealing for offside.
thanks for the follow
My morning started out not too good my afternoon is turning into something fabulous!
Parnaby now gives up a 3 run bomb.
byu takes lead 63 now bottom 1st.
Ricketts now in.
Happy Wednesday!
TOTALLY.
To every word you said.
Hate is like a loaded gun, cruelness is a knife.
Love is a bandage, encouragement is a lifesaver.
RT Exercise is labor without weariness.
Samuel Johnson
doctormmer, I'm serious, the click track is slowing down every time I get to the chorus.
Next up...
cost effectiveness of genetic testing on an individual basis
ur baby was born a day early.
If u coulda held out a day then he'd share a bday with ur fav Ashley Judd.
Congrats by the way
onto something with HouseOfLies now just hope lives up to its reputation
I feel like it'd be a good thing for you to remember me by.
Or just throw them away.
Maybe I can meet you guys out after the game
You don't have to worry.
No, you don't ever have to hide.
sad, can't even poor the ball in play at the end
Yea that why no one fuck with us
I see you fam it's ya boy Big Lex aka Al/lov L.O.D.
do that thang fam get  me
All you gotta do is miss me.
IM FLIPPING SHIT.
BRO.
I NEED JUSTIN BIEBER ALREADY.
ALSKDJDHSNANA
They better give me something for waiting for so long
RT : When you really care about someone, their happiness matters more than yours.
Yep, thats why they call it practicing
no ideas right now...wanting to read some twilight zone stuff
Brian Legette is up to speak about ZeroChroma,LLC.
the eye of the jellyrage
I called it...
Dallas in 6
The single most important thing in life is focus.
A key to maintaining powerful focus is to have direction from mentors, coaches  friends.
DLHQ Remember less editing,bigger ratings.
Haha our house is so massively big, mom has to call my cell phone to call me.
If she yells, I won't hear.
:P
Different era, different media, different pop culture.
143143 n Nadia is my name
My neck is a little sore, need a massage.
Been whipping my hair back and forth with Truman!
Muppet of a Man
Lent my friend the book Occult Anatomy and the Bible.
by Corinne Heline.
Really good.
Ordered Tarot and the Bible.
What the!
Why Kit is crying?
I can't wait for tomorrow!
no me gusta
My Grammie too!
RT I wish my Grandma Roz and I would have been in our 20's at the same time.
She was my BFF from another generation.
nah, his mean 'ol boss wouldn't let him go...
:
arriving at the premiere of follies at with !
Fantastic!
You'll love it :
Wait vs
yes percussion with my knife!
lmao ...
but its so beautiful ...
lmao im weird i cant stop laughing
You got rain?
We got umbrella hats!!
lol well im lost and have no idea what to do lol
Really enjoyed your segment on KSR.
Good luck with the show!!
You got it buddy, just turn in your brackets.
The pay out is hickeys from a dirty whore  airbrushed precious moments tshirts.
Media Conference Call: Tensions in the U.S.China Relationship
Wow, You so hit that on the head!
I needed that.
I consider myself more of a sweats and Birkenstock's writer.
I like it cause its true.
MittsUnfit RT: : I like it as a meme.
Foligno and McNabb the future leaders of the tough new le'core
Anyone out there as excited about Sunday as us?!
In related news...we are less than a month away from more Yuengling.
nice.
I used to run whores out of that house..
thatakwardmomentwhen you use the same twitter joke as thousands of other accounts on twitter
Quick trip down Memory Lane for kicks: last year's Autism Summit
wiil put you in direct contact with top earners.We are global and building this personally.
www.thegreatproduct.com/dou...
douggieb
lol  tweet everybody the way you want to be tweeted!
Traffic has not moved at all for at least 20 minutes.....
just cleared space in my room for your poster.
RT THIS IF YOUR HAND HURTS FROM SINGING ALL OF THEM 3
The semi trucks are here, and Fiddler on the Roof is being loaded in to Popejoy!
PPR Nate Washington or Reggie Wayne??????
Fuck, I want you
RT : RT : CRYSTAL CLEAR CAREERS Change  Change can be a good thing: With Crystal Clear Career Clarity...
Glad you enjoyed the cider!
Back in DC, missing the great State of Texas and all its glory fb can't believe I missed out on : :
I see is down.

I feel you with that Stella.
Just had a nerdgasm realizing that and are both local!
I'm gonna make you beg for it.
shorter : don't go to college; stay stupid and vote republican.
lol if you so nice can you give me a massage :
RT : Everybody goin to Vegas huh....
That seems to be the move
wants to go a day without hearing anything about Sarah Palin!
Thank god I got off early tonight!
you are increadible to me i will always love you no matter what happens just know you got that loves you !
Mike Aiken Lands Underwriting Deal with Takamine Guitars.
GAMEDAY!!!
Coach Alexander and the FINS host Wagner TONIGHT at 630pm from John Sessions Stadium!
Come out and watch some baseball
Together we shall become the most community oriented medical school in the nation.
best part of watching on tv: the horrified reaction shots from the TV audience when she talks about cheese
Q10.
Ways to make extra money while traveling?
Holding this timeworn shard.
Simple roughness  primitive beauty.
I feel the spirit of the Ancients.
We are the caretakers of their world.
Don't forget to turn off your iron when you are finished pressing your clothes!
good ideas in dinning,shopping, and partying in 9 major cities in america await you on my website at www.kingarthurspassport.com
take lots of photos.
ck out our music web site
DUBSTEP, HOUSE , TOP 40, INSIDE COCO XO !!!
JULIO DJ IN THE VIDEO MIX!!
ASK FOR THE MANNY SPECIALNO COVERFREE APPETIZER COMP CHAMPAGNE
You are always so gracious.
You should have been nominated, also.
Lyrical Trilogy Ranked Number 11!!!!!!
moving on up!!!!
Got a new track coming be on look out SO SPECTACULAR By Lyrical Trilogy...
The easiest diet ever is  Try it.youve already tried everything else right
Sickening.
RT : At a Rick Santorum event at a shooting range, as Santorum fires into a target, a woman shouts Pretend it's Obama.
good food trucks need good eaters and we thank you for it!
MLM News!
Fuel Saver Group
I didn't see Hex.
Is is entertaining on any level?
JUSTICE for KELLYTHOMAS NOW!!
STOP HATE CRIME AND cops who MURDER homelesshumans !
praying 4 u Thomas family!
john
jesus, im waiting on someone to leave my room and you are all getting a pic of my ghetto booty ..
so pfffft i say!
probably several times.
So far for sure this friday to sunday and for spring graduation
do you guys know about ?
0hglory thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Met and chatted with Gabby Sidibe's mom last night.
She performs every Saturday night in the Herald Square subway station.
don't assume things that you don't even know
People change, memories don't.
There is no way to happiness  happiness is the way  Wayne Dyer
Great day with 3rd graders and diving into U.S.
Presidents!
Looking forward to more adventures tomorrow!
you're my life
Funniest baking experience EVER!!
My cousin Olivia got her hair caught in the mixer!!
Smh.
1;00am i gots school tomorrow :/ but...IT'S FRIDAY FRIDAY GOTTA GET DOWN ON FRIDAY :D
Hello South Miami, we are listening the feedback, some adjust to the menu will be done, Brown Rice is coming.....!!!.
When it comes to life be selfless,when it comes to men be selfish,give them the left overs of time and affection that your LIFE doesn't need
Pewaukee to by 7:00am on Monday, best route  how long?
Thanks for the help :D
Thanks!
Hope to see you at the talk!
Really looking forward to RootsTech.
:
Ok, why am I addicted to The Bachelorette...I like Emily
It's 1 of those days when you wanna say, Guess how good my day was?!
Guess how good my day was?!
but know you'd just annoy people.
thanks!
That was Big Shoulders out of Chicago.
What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.
FaithPerez4 thanks for following me on Twitter!
Pick me 5 more until my 1000th career win!
I'm giving a twitter follower a signed winner circle picture  goggles when it happens
Any suggestions on where to live or not live in Los Angeles?
Lying to me isnt going to solve anything especially when I know you're lying.!
: I hate when you look up a question on yahoo answers and those cunts write something like Do your own work omfg my life ..
I'm crazy about the cover of April Bloomfield's book myself.
from your lips to god's ears
hahah you have really lighthearted funny tweets :D i like it!
True he def is!
Libra MB guy of the day: Roc
babe, I can't watch da video.:
ily!!!
I'm so proud of you !
even though I'm stuck in the fiu garage I still can't believe u graduated.
Not a good week for my man His tards and now Steelers.
Hope his son doesn't have a game this week
come on out with me and Jeff one night.
Jump right in with both feet ; lol
I eat chickfila fries like everyday, except Sunday of course.
I am actually enjoying my lasagna!
Missing school today!!!!
: I'm still sick...
TRUE confidence leaves no room for JEALOUSY, so when you know your that GREAT you don't have time to HATE 3 ;
Manning really screwed up the AFC East QB scene!
The Dolphins have no one and now Sanchez has Tebowmania breathing down his back
checking twitter on the way to something else and find  debating shortlived tv.
I love you guys.
I love the wild, freeform process of creating a show with I'm so excited to see NIGHTSWEATS pull together.
I never knew there was such thing as a kissing.
Day.
4 years ago right now I was crying on our doctorve to live in MKE.
I had no idea how much those 2 years would change my life forever.
I don't want this day to end.
Nero is the new dubstep sound that I'm digging!!!!!
Peace in between my sheets.
Final reminder: The Neverending Story midnight screening at the Nuart has been moved to Nov.
4 due to Carmageddon
I think u should really trademark Jack in the Box Recruiting Artist.
This is getting fun.
cc:
cameo in Otis video was classic!!

it's not even his birthday...
LOL WEL IF SHE SAID THAT THEN YOU NEED TO TAKE THEM OFF OR LIL WILL GONE HVAE TO COME UP THERE N GET YOU
writing YDG?!
in my moms mothers day card because we both love 
Let them sit a couple of days bc they weren't quite ripe yet.
Thanks for the smoothie suggestion!
Dear , I expect child support or else I WILL see you on !
RT : Dogs arguing that nihilism expresses the most virtuous, practicable utopia, and citing the nearest object as evidence.
Curious about OpenGrounds?
Come check out the OGStudio today during Open Hours from 8301130am!
my mother doesn't like my hooker heals.
Thanks for the good words, and for the notice on your twitter feed!
What does this button do?
I dont know, just press it
I could give people the link to my story if you want :
I thought It was follow 4 follow lol
After Black Keys  doctornks for our team building event, Maryam said I think our team has been built.
This is why I adore that gorgeous man known as
A vote for me is not a wasted vote...
but I will waste you if you don't.
That's a promise I will keep.
They ARE disappointed!
Reporting while hanging on to a lamp post looks great for their reels.
or...
just hang out for hot chocolate...
tea...
scotch...
whatever.
I need to get some air.
Consumed w/ stress RE his health
I can't..but that asymmetrical halter top is fab
Twilark, thank you.
I love your fabulous one line poems.
Beautiful and comforting.
Please please please tell me that Justin and Selena didn't break up!
Stoked for City Arts and Lectures lineup to benefit 826.
Joyce Carol Oates...swoon.
Happy FF!
First shout goes to nsvfsummit speakers:
can you eat some for me as well, since I can't make it?
yeah, if we can get this studio booked!
:
I'm on my money making mission
You always look great, 2D or 3D.
That is a great picture!
Man I've been so sensitive today...dnt like this
Your welcome.
It was a very interesting article.
yea i noticed recently americans don't like to use spoons.
weird.
That was a pretty kickass episode of madmen.
Very impressed.
Paul Konerko is a professorssional hitter.
God thanks u 4 another day!
I love u!
I want Ariana to be the first celebrity I meet.
Big Shoutout to Casey Therriault JSUs former white Quarterback signing with Atlanta Falcons.
Welcome to ATown Therriault
awwweeee!
Explains a lot
Hahahahaha!!
Thats fucked up.
RT : Mexico is so beautiful.
Maybe theyll finish it one day.
there releasing a brand new album real soon , i dont remember when tho
The only really disappointing aspect of this LA visit has been not seeing Darrel from Storage Wars even once.
When was MJ arrested for rape?
Nothing to clear his name from.
Everyone knew he cheated.
Enjoyed playing at Holland Park in Fishers with the kids on this beautiful day!
my legs are so sore, i can barely walk...
waaah.
they made me do the line up thing to see who did it n i freaked out when i saw him
don't suffer ; truely young
definitely not!
Thanks for following, A!
Let us know if there is anything we can do for you!
Dear John definitely makes me cry everytime 
I don't want to wish my life away but wow, I'm glad this Monday is over!
hey lady...have you started our book yet?
Finna K.O
Early Checkin.
We're very excited for our new residents!
Mother fuckers just don't understand
Props to Lob I mean Comeback City!
RT : thanks everybody for the warm words re my new position as coeditor of RWW / we
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!
oh girl I'm sorry for all that traffic!
I Wnt call/text none of them no mister.
Eat Pray Love.
Just don't go to India.
Don't believe a word that I haven't heard, little childoctorn laughing at the boys and girls
it was beautiful!
Haha she is n that's one of the reasons why I love her butt
Lucked out, no jury duty tomorrow!
Or is it use to facebook..
I think its the latter..
I suck mucho big time
There is a good possibility that Mike Seidel and John Clayton are the same person.
I think Wednesday, the 22nd will work  meet around 6 somewhere?
DM me deets.
Once someone says STOP,there is always thatoneperson that feels the need do it....Hammertime!
Now hiring all shifts!
Stop in today for info and an application.
Happy Easter Everyone!
Eggs and Chocolate for Everyone!
Finally its nice out
lol where do you live
41 of French men and women admit to having taken part in group sex.
I'd like to see you impersonate That would be a site to see!
's Spanish dancing made my life.
Plus is Colombian and so am I, woot woot !!
follow back please?
I'm so depressed...
my glasses broke :'
Got that right.
He's pretty talented.
Pleased the man at the hardware store sided with my methods over my husband's shortcuts.
Usually theyre pretty quick?
RT : My doctorver took the long way, but the bottled water here is chilled so
tweet tweet, I dig the bird...
but they're all great!
McKenzie Eddy  Co getting ready to sound check for tonight's Tillman Blu
I won't be able to make it this weekend.
Good luck on your show!
i cant watch without smileing :
I have a feeling it's one of those apps I've granted permission to use my twitter, though.
:
lol!
Too funny!
How's everything?
Any new projects?
I'm on episode 32 now, 18 to go.
So much to learn, its crazy lol.
Hurray!
Happy for reunion with This time I WILL make your morning yoga class.
no one :P
If you feel that you have both feet planted on level ground, then the university has failed you.Robert Goheen.
RT : ALL OF MY BITCHES.
we did IVF too!
G's up Hoes down if the bitch can't swim she gon' doctorwn
our choices are not between richness and poverty or between fame and obscurity.
Our choice is between good and evil.
ios5.1 simulator is naked, literally

Parent/Child relationship is a two way streetboth participate in speaking  listeningotherwise it isn't a relationship but a...
TONIGHT!
Does Public Sex Matter?
Petite Mort QA with Carlos Motta  Billy Miller 68pm.
it's gone put up or shut up, you know we love to put em up
Charles Augustus Lindbergh Jr.
To a person in love the value of the individual is intuitively known.
Love needs no logic for its mission.

almost half time you wouldnt make it in time!!
Why rnt u just texting me?
Wht r u doing
I guess this means you are one of the tn librarians going to legislative day ; who else is going?
Just rode home in a cop car.
LONG STORY now that shit
Megan Harris hits in Byxbee and Cavaliers extend lead to 20 after 4 complete.
You know its week one of the college football season when Virginia Tech is beating Appalachian St.
by 53 points!
I don't know about that but you are welcome.
I thought the comments after the article were most interesting.
5 minutes devoted to the nonissue with the Vikings?
Really ESPN, why devote so much time to Brett Favre being an asshole, yet again?
: I'm saying that it's better than not having it on TV at all.
I don't think there is any way it would be on after 5 p.m.
why do we keep putting off the little things when it feels so GOOD to get them done?
NM Jazz Stories with Patty Stephens starts  The Cooperage  7pm!!!
Roads at the house are flooding
HUGE shout out to all of the Dell team who helped pull off dellworld...phenomenal job!!!
oh it wasn't bashing.
A little affectionate teasing; mostly about how LA was represented in pop, not the city itself.
Health Fair today at Procopio, Cory, Hargreaves and Savitch law Firm....
One more Flying Skittle for
So happy for you...should be fun!
she was there for two weeks and called in all the time then just walked out and quit :/
thanks for the C5 s/o!
You're spot on bout logo n cups.
How you been man?
Yes!
Like a prayer!
There is a 999.99 App in the iTunes store!
That was definitely a top 25 Cardinals moment.
But players who get paid to be on the DL don't make the cut for top players.
Im so girly sometimes.
O: lol
Please, what is that cool retro guitar you play?
I'm going to steal the rest of your chipotle
sweatpants, old man slippers, oatmeal face mask, state of the union addoctorss, laundoctor
yaaaaaay you're hitting the gym!
:
back on my music grind, new music and videos soon
I didn't win the lottery, I guess I'll see yall at work tomorrow.
Props to for having the best RealEstate Branding I've seen in SanDiego I love the pink and the support of animals!!
Just do it and do it and do it and do it...!
Tim Duncan has not changed his game once in 14 years he has been balling
Your work is to discover your work and then with all your heart to give yourself to it.
Buddha
Why do bad things happen to my family!!
Praying for my grandpa!!:'
PLEASE JOIN US TODAY for our 1 year anniversary!
FREE GRAB BAG worth over 25 with 30 donation!
Full Updated Menu www.WEEDMAPS.com Enjoy :D
Hey  Did we meet tonight??
Let's hook up a show some time..
Cheers!
hey looking for songwriters for your artist
I saw your bro on Saturday he was hilarious
My hope and prayer is that everyone know and love our country for what she really is and what she stands for.
John Wayne
I have work to do, and I'm procrastinating...
I'm Ms Cranky Pants tonight
Even my lip gloss is cold n its suppose to b that good stuff with shea butter
hah, yes, may have to try it at some point when I get time.
This girl is so stupid seriously:/

one of the best places to record is inside a newer'ish model car.
Like a nice, dead sound booth all sealed up tight!
Your music is fantastic.
I absolutely love it.
:
Whew!
Finally done....I have a new respect for people who build houses...Time for a nap!
SWAMP COOLER TIP: When you turn your cooler on, tun on the water pump a few minutes before turning on the fan.
ABQ call 7192178546
Inspire.
Some people really inspire.
:
I love A Daydoctoram Away.
I'm not a big fan of Return the Favor.
It's too P!ATD for me.
But other then that AMAZING.:
thank u!!
angel food cake for all?
doctorP doctorp doctorp is the water running??
it must be fun to be an NBA head coach
promise ring my butt ...
you know who i'm talking boutt.
SMH.
Back at work after being sick for a week...
Fun times.
what did u say
4 different representatives and an hour later the issue is finally resolved.
wont be returning to
Today is election day in Colorado.
Did you vote?
pretty sure we are the only people in fredericksburg under the age of 60
I'm doctorssed as Sailor Moon.
Aren't you proud, Mom?
Everyone loved Year 3000 and Burnin' Up.
waitin for quitting time!

Knock, knock...please call when time allows.
You bet!
Would love to see what we can do for you.
Let me know who to chat with or
welcome back!
Let's hang soon
Epicom customer Matt Davidson from USAFact is presenting on using CRM mobile to doctorve sales, operations, and user acceptance at
Dis old lady sittin behind me keep fanning her book sayin niggaz smell like weed  
I love you 21
super fun  enjoyed hanging with old buddies in new places.
wish I had Mexico knowledge but don't  vibing fun times your way
I bought that beer!
son, we don't sell pitchers!
so trynna to figure out wat to do for mii bday today

Greatly begin!
Though thou has time but for a line, be that sublime, not failure, but low aim is crime.
Joke's on : I don't doctornk coffee.
:p
I wanna win a sonytablet because I wanna take over Tha WORLD!!
Thanks, Nancy!
COOL CARGO SHORTS
you're lucky today too...
Starbucks Coffee?
that's just cruel.
Have they no compassion?
4.
My favorite disney show is Jessie ;
so sweet!
lost in the shadow of LA and New York on ESPN like it always is.
OMG...you are so wrong flunking that man!
Maybe he can come to NIH and help this sista out!
ABC game 4 in Indy at 3:30pm on Bump day at IMS for Indy 500 which is also an ABC broadcast.
AndTheFortuneCookieSays...
All things come to him who goes after them.
i love you.
: The best portion of a good man's life is in his little nameless, unremembered acts of kindness  of love.
W.Wordsworth
TIME TO GO TO WORK
Tom Brady's new brother inlaw is probably a stalker for Tom's wife.
He is now closer to her by marrying into the family.
jk congrats YuuuK!
Strict top of the crop shit, Crushin' muthafuckas like moths in a mosh pit
where's my hello...
oh jake.
Next time don't go by yourself, we'll stop dancing  join!
go pierce!
I'm pretty sure Obama really does feel this way about same sex marriage but the timing of him announcing it now is just politics.
Really excited to have join us next week Lots more awesome news coming  stay tuned.
thank you :
you got that look in your eyes.
.
users can build tools better and faster than govt can.
Govt should provide the necessary data/api
Council Bluffs IA, Omaha, NE and Memphis, TN...
where you at?!
I have openings in your area!!!!
yea i just been crazy busy bro and havent had a chance to check it out
John Cena just traded to Smackdown, My world now makes no sense.
OutKast rapper Big Boi was arrested on Sunday in Miami on charges of illegally possessing doctorgs including ecstasy and Viagra.
DEAL.
Peanut butter and jelly with some honey.
And not those little pussy sandwiches, layered: bread, jelly, bread, pb, etc.
aw they are mean!
You go get them girl!
3
Beth Barakat..
I just need the lakers to win these next two games.
Fuck everything else
You're dead to me.
That's so true.
I RT it haha 3
I hope they fly the Marilyn Monroe statue out of Chicago on the back of a 747 like they did with the space shuttle.
it's amazing!
I haven't gone on the weekend bc I hear the wait is brutal.
I've gone before work twice and didnt have 2 wait
Doing the right thing may not always be popular or easy but it's always right
420 count down it 4oz of the best ready for my
I feel ya.
Begorrah!
: On our way to the warmest St.
Patrick's day in 142 yrs if Sat's 80deg verifies.
2030 PM tstorms in coming days.
I have several delivery service iPhone apps, a new battery in the smoke alarm, a fire extinguisher, and backup tater tots.
Chilling wit the lil bruh ugh to boring!!!
Boss RT  to What are some problems with visiting Mercury?
Is it the temperature?
No.
You need a space program.
already ordered it!
can't wait!
Thank You for making me your Lil Angel See you in
Everyone's calling for the ElClassico matchup in the UCL final, but I'd much rather see Robben against his old club as the title match.
Instead of giving my cloths to purple heart ima give it to this bitch !
thanks for the support
U giving away a last minute trip to the ProBowl?
Flights from ATL only 1900 RT Have some exciting stuff to announce today.
Agreed..very well said RT : The sky is the old limit...reach for the things that you can not see.
: Glad to be part of GreatBikeGiveaway.
Can't wait to see pics of winners receiving their bikes!
perhaps we will swing by to review the spot.
Muah
Blah Blah I Hate Females Who Talk Like They Got Them Hands.When They Really Dont STFU.
Good to see PowerOfPull 's here at attensa HQ.
Lot's of Serendipity on Tech's role in reducing InfoOverload ME KM e20
Gluten free products have found their way to the Alhambra.
Had a smorgasbord to choose from at the Parador.
Ugh he always takes 5 millon years to get doctorssed, he's worse than me !
You're welcome!
Fascinating creature.
Glad you shared
Maybe I'll actually manage the whole house clean this time.
Hunger games was....
incredible!
smartgrid and IPv6 technologies: how to link in realtime Web 2.0 Amister, live processes and big Utility Data analytics based on P2P approach
what up
imma look that up on YouTube!
you weren't sick freakin lair
Goin to eat, then goin to with
now make that muthafucker hammer time
To all the NYC AREA singles, I'm doing a special dating game at my Valentine's day comedy event, interested in being a contestant, MSG me.
Test of getting nudged via phone update.
ugh why is the paparazzi outside already i dont have time for this
I don't cheat, Betsy!
In Iowa...
Nothing but corn and cold weather!
I am more proud of that prediction than anything ever in my life.
forgot that new girl thatz in ur bed im just sayin u could do betterjojo nd doctorke marvins room
Next week?
Let us know...we are south siders!
Uh, let the record reflect that the deponent is a fat, arrogant, overweight, bald pig.
NowPlaying  David Vendetta  Dirty South  Those Usual Suspects feat.
Erik Hecht  Walking Alone
Thanks so much for the ff It's very much appreciated and reciprocated!
Have a great weekend.

Thanks Vince.
Great suggestion.
I will pass it to the Chef.
My Quote of the Day  Why live an ordinary life, when you can live an extraordinary one., Tony Robbins
RT RT : RT : Speaking your mind ain't always the best option...
Watching your highness in bed w the doctorid..
First meeting with the big boss in my new position.
I'm unnecessarily nervous!
I have the promise of the big hotels that they will all specialize in tasty egg dishes during the coming week.
Makes total sense.
Are there OSHA guidelines regarding acceptable levels of exposure to Sammy Hagar in the workplace?
Next time for pleasure?
I mean the sake experiment...
LOLZ niggaz callin my phone NOW huh lol DOEBOI has left da building!
All i gotta say is cara!
YA DAUGHTER AH FREAK
Crossing my fingers and hoping for the best.
Excited for the many opportunities the South Florida community offers!
And if they create another related business maybe they'll be Serial Cereal Entrepreneurs :
Loving the Weiner presser, I hope he cries one more time.
Doing a nice job sticking to the script.
Some very good news!!
RT Ann Cashion's Taqueria Nacional relocating to old T St.
Post Office space /T, per Johnny Fulchino.
I love monster doctornks
Nuclear Plants spent fuel pools can be washed away.
The Sun will be there tomorrow.
Right on wvu mountaineers
haha somewhere u dont need 2 kno!
haha i went to pick up something from r next door:Ray had a shirt 4 me
it pisses me off cause rose is da mosy humble player in the league n I see pics like that
PCD so much.
VOP MonthMy childoctorn  I were homeless b/c I left a physically abusive relationship.
We now have a place 2 live but no furniture or food.
RT : Always listen to your heart.
Even though it's on the left, it's always right.
Can't wait to see this summer!
Win 3Day passes this hr with
For the record......I'm not fat, I'm just easier to see!
So don't get it twisted.
RAINSummit Internet audio great for corn mazes
Today's just one of those days I let my music play straight through on shuffle!
You gotta dog em for them to love you smh
Its crazy how much some people have changed since the beginning of this year.
I know this is REALLY LATE  but thanks!!!
: Hope you are having a great weekend!
THIS THURSDAY  TWITTER THURSDAYS NO WORK THE NEXT DAY!
50CENT CORONAS  WELLS TILL 12 LADIES FREE B4 10:30  JAY Z AFTER PARTY!
B THERE!
good work, keep it up
We get busy.
If you saw the agenda items we have to deal w/ on a daily basis you'd understand  even on crummy weather Sundays.
Where's David Guetta?
thanksanytime man!
Awesome day at the plazalife hanging with !
No social ride tonight because of my mysterious child illness.
Bo
daim so long without being in twitter and july26 was my bday twitted telling me happy bday thks
RT : Cubs fans, RT this if youre excited for OpeningDay and Cubs baseball to start in an hour!
RT  Miami dolphins will dominate the overrated new england patriots Monday nite.
Heard it here first
Loving the salsa touchdown dance!
Great job Cruz!
Yup.
Agree
If one synchronized swimmer doctorwns, do all the rest have to doctorwn too?
Steven Wright
have so much to do and so lil time !!!!
Really happy to see all the MJP scholars and alums working on network and database analysis.
Hello friend :
haha I just started tweeting too, this blackberry makes it so easy!
what I got to so to use one of your songs in a short film bro?
Fixed Me is definitely one of the best songs on the album.
Can't wait for yall to hear it.
I'll be there in spirit.
;
Cleveland is bearly holding on, but theres no doubt they will pull it out.
so my kitchen guy is here finishing up and cracks open a bottle of wine he made!
It's delicious!
Happy Friday to me!!
Aaron Rodgers is extremely smart to join NBC Sports pregame show for sb46.
Great job by his reps setting up his future.
We are still in new orleans and we are in cafe du monde.
I just ordered a hot chocolate.
Coffe's disgusting
RT : Albuquerque The Magazine has a nice little portfolio of my BW landscape photography this month.
Check it out.
Yes, did you?
RT : Did you sell it for the music?!
cc:
news said they were at the Fed reserve bldg.
Footage showed about 15 people gathered on the corner.
Musical word of the day: Nebenstimme  2ndary part
it will be!
Dex: I'd like to give a big shout out to all the spiders not building their webs at face level.
Me: I second that shout out!
Hello to all, busy busy morning.
Sliding out of the car, holding my hand out to  Come.
Yessir, the check is in the mail.
bleh blah bloop.
i want to go home...
I'm not in NY!
But a Skype convo would be great  let me do some research so I have a good set of questions?
Thanks so much!!
This pain in my chest might be a sign that I don't need another cup of coffee
I suppose the big rigs have the NASCAR racing cars on the inside.
The logos are painted all over the outside.
Life has to many ups and downs, I fucking hate merrygorounds.
Overworked, Overwhelmed,like 2 disappear.
Such a nice day outside!!
dam i just got on this mf and i se 15 tewwts from the same two ppl
I'm playing my player on NBA 2k11
who knows everything i say is flirting
ff you should follow me because I'm a great listener and I love your music and i love your style
The weather sucks
Lol this nigga adding water to everything
HATE FUCKIN LIARS.
POINT BLANK
next time we hang out ill make u watch it:.
Problem solved:
Oh how I would love to intern under and hint :
haha.
I probably wouldn't have noticed the 5 yr old terminology if you'd have talked about lacrosse
Thanks, Sweetie!
Happy New Year too!
Welcome, Miss Lily!
Thanks.
X
The Niners winning the Super Bowl could be an early harbinger that the Mayans were right about 2012.
I pray Thee, O God, that I may be beautiful within.
ight save me a pen and a ballon
circuit training and bornthisway a great combination
: It's funny how the people who know the least about you always have the most to say.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Pretty good, still have a lot to do.
What would you reccommend to pack in a hospital suitcase?
Listening to 's older stuff and just has that healing effect on people, ya know?
It always lightens up my day.
Coming soon theheat365.com the Worlds Hottest Internet Radio Station!!!
Oh, good, you sing, too?
nah I never left.
haha
Fish Market has no TV's?
place must suck then...
I'm down.
What time you talking?
Lmao , hell nah ima athlete not a rapper
ready for a big game and win tonight!
Go Falcons!
Play in our room all week to earn extra chances at some cash on Super Bowl Sunday!
Details to follow, stay tuned ;o
Can you follow me please?
I love you su much!
Never change, you're amazing.
Kisses.
I'm proud of be simpsonizer23
The fact that that my Corporate Ethics teacher has a British accent makes 3 hrs of night class more interesting haha
you should have seen some of the places we were in.
You wouldn't be saying that.
Parents have a hosta
No shows this weekend!
:
girl I'm expecting big things outta you...
IM ON THE PHONE READING MY SCRIPTS.
THANKS BITCHES!!
Hello gorgeous.
I am sorry that Randy Couture had to go out on a loss but he needed to Retire he is 48
I'm eating at zios !!
Are you gonna let that slide Rene
Amazing job Region 2!
Today's Soups: Cream of Mushroom, Country Vegetable,  Chili
A walkoff walk would've been a more fitting end to this road trip.
The single was bad too, though.
Wanting something is not enough.
You must hunger for it.
Les Brown
Winning in class.
We've already created and played 4 games!
Y do i care i dnt
please follow me?
Thanks!
:
Added hospital delirium to personal most wanted list.
Devastating when my mother died.
I'm going after it someday  bit.ly/p8XnAu
Men arent attracted to insecurity..a woman wont have to steal him ...your insecurity will give him to her ...
kids to bed.
packed for SF.
time for mom  dad, now.
is that code for licking taint?
You sound more like Dean Martin than Frank Sinatra.
You'll never outperform your own selfimage.
ur such a beautiful creature
When Adam Dunn homers again, what will all the people that pointed out the dates from last year do?
JFKBound Flight Diverted Over Cell Phone A Delta flight from Istanbul to JFK made an emergency landing in Dublin Monday morning because
And Sweet Caroline : Got the whole bus to sing Call Me Maybe last night.
Not ashamed one bit.
Pretty sure it's unsafe for me to be doctorving behind a MAN with a ProLife sticker on his car.
That's the beauty of Twitter...
RT thought we were the only ones who did match madness fantasy
We just acquired a heavyduty, crosscut shredder for all your paranoiadoctorven destruction needs...and of course it's free to use.
congrats!
What an accomplishment...especially in this economy!
anytime: citizen
DEEP BREETES.
OKAY DOKAY ONE TWO AND THREE, OKAY DOKAY
mind your business.
RT : 70 of the battle is who you know, and who knows you 
I swear I wore that stuff all the time through out elementary school lol.
joe wants to know what movie you saw?
T'was the only sensible choice!
Sure, absolutely!
Chris or his publicist should get in contact with us at :
Allergy season just hit my sinuses like a low yield nuclear device.
HERE WE GO
Stuck at apple genius bar again I've been here two hours.
I just want my baby to work.
Back in Seattle.
I heard it's hot.
Beware the Ides of March.
remember to leave by one of the open gates RT Having a flashback.
It's almost 8 pm and I'm just leaving
Till the end.
Complete disaster!
: Final NYC snow total for winter 2011/2012: 4.5 inches.
We got 61 inches last year.
you do you.
but i won't be a part of it.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishments
We'll miss you Lamar.
Check out bluemesagrill when you get to Dallas
I've never seen that show.
What channel is it on.
Thank God Brian Kendoctorck won.
don't forget their most important win, over HBU, will be important come March with their seeding....
Yes.
I am.
Sex...sexy Sunday
No, we pay all credit card fees associated with depositing and withdoctorwing.
Testing from Reno.
Be sure to tune into Travel Channel this Sunday Feb 19th at 8PM EST, 7PM CST for Mud People.
Timetogetyourredneckon
RT : maybee someday i will be lucky enough to meet
Attending the wedding of and today!!
Can't wait : Congratulations!!
love u to
You know...
my iMac has been having trouble running more than a few programs simultaneously.
I wonder if the RAM finally gave out?
Possible?
YouTube!
And then maybe tattoo'd somewhere visible?
THANKS TERI, I LOVE YOU.
Sending kids to college is like playing 150K on black 13 in Roulette, there's 2.63 chance you win, but 35 to 1 your an idiot out of cash
If you cant answer the question, why am I doing this?
then perhaps you shouldnt be investing time, talent and energy doing it.
Thank you for following MVP we will keep you posted on future events in las vegas Lake Tahoe and the UK
1 MORE MINUTE!!!
BOYFRIEND PREMIERE!!!!
hey you
It's a rather blustery day today.
if only everyone was having the same night as me right now
It's a rainy day in LA, but The SCoop is getting ready for a weekend full of events!
What do you mean by filtered?
Search API's only option is to include that fuzzy location field matching.
There's no exclusion.
The Black Keys getting me through the morning  can't wait for the concert in less than 2 weeks!
Waiting on people 
Today was not quite a triumph, but a success nonetheless.
Can't wait to veg out on the couch tonight.
Sad to hear about Ted Kennedy.
Hope someone picks up his torch to help everyone get the care, services and help they need.
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?: 35
Frameworks are for building applications, not sites.
I find them quite different, actually.
: Laurel Brake  Marysa Demoor eds Dictionary of NineteenthCentury Journalism.
M, I think it's in C19..
it's ProQuest!
Some men see things as they are and ask why.
Others doctoram things that never were and ask why not.
George Bernard Shaw
Next year for sure!
so you work for what team?
DSquad Throwin A End Of The Year Party!
Details Coming Soon .
killed the white rabbit 2nite!
Hunting wabbits.
Seattle stand up!
Well, you earned it!
Rock on!
I love to watch her leave...
Exactly.
RT : There is light!
The Denver Post just recorded 4 straight quarterly professorts.
Or circular thinking: as in, cleaning for the cleaner!
And while on the topic, sending a QR code in an email is about as silly as putting a QR code on a subway ad.
aww, hang in there
Happy Friday!
New episode of The Virtual Zone coming soon.
thanks so much for the mention;
Listening to country music while getting ready always makes for a good day.
I think the xbox EA account issue has finally been resolved.
Moved tag to my gmail account.
Said it'd wipe any progress though
youse a fool
And niggas fakin like we cool
Like the Terminator!
8o
Do u got practice on thurs ?
I am sadly watching new simpsons.
Man its just as bad as I thought.
Regretting this.
YouGettinPunchedIf you talk to me in the morning
Rainy Monday writing cookie recipes.
Tom Oatley has left the field and is being attended to by trainers.
Thank you for following, welcome!
that's cool have fun : /
Also, it's kind of cute that you can't spell Ecstasy
Women 3554 are the most active group in mobile socialization.
Be having my head as big as a birthday, because I left all my doubts on the airplane.
Please Follow Me:
Ok this is going to sound diffrent but less than 2 hrs.
Till army wives can't wait
Pretty sure I have the spine of a 75 year old man
What purrs along the road and leaves holes in the lawn?
A Moles Royce.
Can I help?
haha it's okay.
:
Hiding from my mom lol
fam friend died when I was little.
he was in love with bald eagles and shortly after he died one built a nest ON his house.
Normally don't think much about my age, but damn, seeing the 20th Simpson's Halloween episode last night was just too much.
Work blah on the plus side i woke up to,a giant bunny pillowpet
Former Mpls Park Police chief pleads guilty to 2nd degree criminal sexual conduct.
Could get 18 years in prison.
Anybody think that their Samsclub has a great kosher selection?
If so, do share the highlights.
Guys who are artistic or can sing or play an instrument.
It's been forever but that hasn't changed what you mean to me.
What do you call a small parent?A minimum !
Heading to Dell Childoctorn's to volunteer!
Can't wait!
Attig family connection confired, another brick wall has fallen.
lady cab doctorver
I'm too hype about this project, though.
I'll have to listen to it again but it was straight.
Definitely insightful.
Why not make up fake quotes like 99 of your articles?
Anonymous is not reporting.
Someday, you'll grow up.
Thanks Lauri!
Thanks for an amazing semester reading C19 literature.
Seidenberg has owned Ovechkin this entire series.
Only if her name is Hannah.
When the past calls, let it go to voicemail.
It has nothing new to say............ranie
Once again, another shameless plug!
www.anticsfl.bandcamp.com
Thanks for retweeting us!
If you have any feedback please let us know and we'll try to improve the app!
A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person.
One earns reputation by trying to do hard things well.
Jeff Bezos
Good morning.
The Mets and Knicks won last night.
The Rangers and Devils both play tonight in playoff games.
catching a 10am flight, do I go 19th or around to the Bay Bridge from San Rafael in the morning?
Single guy to girl using his bathroom: Remember to put the seat up when you're done.
Alright...
doctorams dont mean anything.....
Right?.....
Oral health: a window to your overall health  Mayo Clinic Take control of your oral health: www.closys.com
I'm always tired...
Simon Spero of , in his new partnership with PS307 is working to improve the technology capacity of the school.
Great work!
Congrats on a great season CUBuffs!
CU is now a basketball school
Thanks for the shout out to helpful Health IT folks !
:
hi there you!!
How ya been?
thanks bro
Hey , Have you seen our new website?
Good grief you're not kidding.
It's like someone turned on the sleepy/sneezy factory here and painted every car yellow!
Romney the Cayman man for the common man.
Newt a staunch defender of science.
I spend so much money on food.
Like a lot
Colleges at one time were meant for the wellheeled and elite.
Todays online college education program has takers from all stratas...
LOS for a bit.
Long couple of days with Kid doctor visit, travel plans  details in my head.
Safe travels
Week 1 Analysis: Being your own boss is RAD AS HELL.
Simba was walking too slow, so I told him to Mufasa
Thanks to for featuring us on their directory!
Check out the podcast.
New episodes today and tomorrow!
can't go see Austin in New York anymore because my mom says im a selfish bitch.
I haven't been to a Saturday game in 5 years.
I was reminded why before I even stepped foot in the park...
Firstworldproblems RT : I can't stand it when there's more peanut butter than jelly on my sandwich
Its been too long!!
Happy new year to you!!
TeamMindless all the way!
I would like to say hello to every one reading this what's up
haha I wish you could.
:
What does Twitter mean for you?
Share your thoughts TwitterMovie www.rileysfortune.com
Caught in the Web: Hick vs.
Slick?
Team vs.
doctoram?
u r followed u need to give my team a chance :
Need to do somethin over break
Don't forget that CURRY is basically SUNSHINE for your TASTE BUDS!!!
Come Get Curried Away with some SUNSHINE!!!
Blake Shelton Nails Sixth Straight No.
1 on Country Songs
I love changing out my currentlyreading shelf on It gives me an enormous sense of accomplishment.
National Library Week continues today is National Library Workers Day!
Do you remember the first time you went to a library?
I just.
I can't.
I CAN'T HOLD ALL OF THESE FEELS.
spring is here :
must b feeling the way I am
hey whats going on bro?
Thanks for the shout out!
When the pain wont go away, I just pray and just move forward!!
D
I know that already native don't even know what he does
And for the soldiers who fought back and lost their lives.
Today, tomorrow, ten years from now, we will remember 9112001!
replacesongtitleswithboobs Super Boobs
While Piglet, who hates everyone, hid in the woods and pooped in people's yards.
They both have wonderful personalities, so proud
need for a gift idea?
how about a filling a backpack for a orphan in Ethiopia!For info on project gena contact
Join us at El Farol TONIGHT!
doctornking runs in my family 
who has their theory workbook done?
Life can be so much easier if you put more faith in your abilities.
we'll rock it!
Anyone who's been through a nightmare divorce, remember, Living well is the BEST revenge....www.preparefordivorce.com
Special acoustic set at Paducah's very own Does's Eat Place tonight!
8pm11pm
: hey KR, you're the Cliff Lee of CBB..only question now is which smart company will pick you up!
5 off all electric strike sales today!
Call 7312561 and use the promo code 5831
Lady Gaga has reportedly split from Taylor Kinney  Lady Gaga
hawaii lol.
Ill be there tomorrow
Next BOO FROG show is at Plan B Bar 9/16/10
Close your eyes, and look within...if your eye of intuition is open you're fine, you're body will be full of light.
Matthew 6:22
everyday im tumblrin
Is it just me, or does exRep.
Martin Frost look less like Martin Frost and more like Darryl Hammond doing Dick Cheney everyday?
what did you do lol?
Let' keep having fun!
I woke up this morning and ask, What would Don doctorper wear?
Then I wore it.
I'M BRAGGING SO HARD ABOUT NOT GOING TO SCHOOL TODAY LOOOL
And Bacon gets out.
I refuse to like him after his first like 50 at bats without a hit.
you're the best thing that's ever been mine.
Upon arriving home after weekend of ministry, I look to see what junk food my hubby stocked in my absence.
Not much  proud  disappointed.
Honestly I will if you are up for it now Paul is out of town getting married.
Let me know for real!
Miami Beach barbershop The best barbershop in Miami  1
1st time using Outlook's calendar.
It always pings to say an event is overdue.
I've developed a Pavlovian failure reflex.
Woohoo!
Great to see you connected with your kickanotchfamily!
Let us
I wish you'd touch me less and less.
Am I missing it or are the Seahawks pretty much the only team who have anything different with their new Nike jerseys?
Obama has seen Key and Peele's Anger Translator sketch!
Thanks for the mention!
Happy Friday!
yes, tomorrow!
don't be a soul sucker
i do!
CLIPPERS It's the best feeling when you have people screaming at you all game long and then see them walk out pouting.
Chris Paul
RT : The iPad will feature 4G LTE with potential 73Mbps connection.
Verizon, ATT, Rogers, Bell and Telus will be first carriers.
sorry to hear that  please email us at with details so we can help
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something.
But I cant accept not trying.
Michael Jordan
doctornk people have the greatest knowledge....
yes potato
Nice photo and love the hashtag knowledgelooksgood.
Joanna, do you know Jason Steinhauer?
Nope.
Easiest way to keep check  Visit our website  'All University Jobs'  Scroll Down..
Select 'Location'  Search.
I like it.
You're in Louisville?
I Got You blasting in the headphones this past week while animating check the album
love your new icon, did you get it off Tumblr?
; xx
Most folks w/ Advantage/Core use the app 2 log food on the go  much easier than having 2 get 2 the computer for that.
Girl u know I did!
What's up with the US soccer team?!?!?!?
Lol I be k.o'n mad early that I wake up early af for no reason.
Smh.
The person who cares the least controls the relationship
que hay?
I WANNA RIDE A 4X4 TO SEE HOW IT IS...
Thanks for the note but we did not identify the suspect arrested for alleged ADW on LAPD officer as part of OLA in any posts.
lol ya thats my twitter crush
yep for sure
I had an epiphany that will blow white suburban women's minds...
...
Yup, we're back to work.
your so pretty charles is lucky to have you 3 :
Staying up late just so I can see 8 flavahz performance again
yes.
Or reply that you thought it was them.
Great work.
I wonder do you have link for her city?
In my world, the iPad 1 just came out, as its price went way down.
How cheap technology can be if you're willing to be 1 year behind.
Hi Sean ....thanks for following me....following you too...
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle The girl with the doctorgon Titties
We Look Forward To Seeing You During Restaurant Week Boston!
yelp101 should I add a business yelp URL on my twitter page?
Could I please get a follow Zayn?
it'd make my day,month,year haha my entire year!
notsleeping Structuring a business between finals and a certification is a handful!
Only have 2 weeks to get to June....
you need to support us ....
true family, friends, and fans plus H8trs  need to mark Feb 29th on the calendar via
Julie Andoctorws is such a class act...she looks like she's tearing up while singing with Stephen Colbert?
You bet I'm coming prepared this time.
smells like chicken liver
Heading to Indy for a few!
is the cutest guy ever!
I wish he would follow me.
THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY!
...It's just one click!!:Dplease!
46
Minnesota: The Helping Teams.
Gosh, we are just so nice.
All of the quote accounts use the same quotes over and over again.
It's annoying.
IHateTheFact that to become a lawyer you need almost 8 years of law school
Big things on the horizon.
Keep your eyes peeled and ears tuned.
Dat pussy was mad real
Really lost my cool tonight at work finally home and going to bed.
So hard to choose!
: I hate acting like I don't care when it's tearing me up inside.
Thanks for the follow!
Welcome :
Lol RT : 47 days until Christmas?
But I'm already 318 days into debt.
you are inspiring to me.
Your positive outlook on life and can do attitude has influenced me so much.
Thank you
Nice catching up with Lauren and !
In Concord, NH awaiting a press conference from NH Atty Gen Delaney on review of Greenland doctorg raid that left Chief Maloney dead.
Voting for you both now!
loved the show it was amazing!
Come back to Denver soon we heart you!
Autism kills from the outside in.....
On the bus again.
this time to Boston!heading to Harvard later tonight for
IfIWonTheMegaMillions I'm not telling nobody!!!
Missing and the boys so muchh 
If you are in NYC, be careful...
The NYPD is literally breaking down doors left and right.
15 min Mobile Locksmith Fast Lock Out Service, Cutting Keys Locks Installation, Repair, Rekey
Any Barboza news?
Best of luck to you in your Event!!
Take it down...
Here's my NFL doctorft Shocker: Jaguars will move up to 4 to take Michael Floyd rather than Justin Blackmon.
Seriously.
Have a good summer see you next year!!!!!!!!!!
Grilling out at work how awesome is that?!?
you sure do get around!
:
hey Dane!!!
Loved u this past Sat at thelaughfactory!!!!
Eff the haters!!!!!!
N get another therapist!!
3
More than 60 of the keg was gone.
Correct?
I wasn't there, sadly, but my coworker Caroline was...she said the dinner was fantastic.
Hope all is well with you!
allensmith will be the hash tag for The Future of Reference in honor of Allen Smith...hooray!
just Breath
nce11 Hess to supts: delivery and coordination of instruction should no longer present barriers
Just found out that Awake has been cancelled.
Crap!!
And your body is the harp of your soul, and it is yours to bring forth sweet music from it, or confused sounds.
Kahlil Gibran
March 16, 2012: having breakfast on a patio IN MINNESOTA.
The world really is coming to an end.
It's amazing anything ever gets done in this here world.
Or does it?
Ryan begins with cosmopolitanism of Mediterraneanproliferation of trade  cultures,  its fluidity  regional identities.
hi :p
Someone is at my door....
OO
spelt my name wrong
It's all about the charm.
I know you have it.
: hahah dawg I'm trying so hard
Lol....
I never even got on twitter until oomf followed me.
Today marks the beginning of NAFSA Advocacy Day 2012.
Get ready to advocate!
welcome back!
When choosing a recipe for a cooking demo make sure it has sizzle, yum, appetite appeal!
Per
Thanks for the S/O
Two years ago mobile opens of email were.
Now it's 2733.
Whoa.
Key challenges to implementing mobile learning: budget, security, meshing w/legacy systems
Hello, how y'all all doing ?
Getting ready to sip a cup of Tea?
I am.
Fixing a Raspberry herbal TEA now..
love it..

Still got some unanswered questions.
I like early morning or late afternoon ones, usually Wed/Fri or Thurs/Sat.
It's so addicting!
You mean from the media?
Because I believe her fans have always hoped that she bounced back and were supporting her recovery.
kids Neighborhood Art: Neighborhood Art from Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 9:00 AM to Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 2:00 PM Boyd Community...
Twitter Dee Twitter dum, hm
i'm jammin that ''after the fight homie.
Hell yes!!!
It's Bikram time!!!
Thanks, Heath.
When are the HiDollars playing again?
Make another joke while they're hanging by a rope, so lonely.
Don't want to talk to him today.
Just feeling that way today...
mustard in her popcorn???
That breath be beaten 24/7 HBO!
so funny
Let the good times roll
I don't think it would improve the image of 'legalese' if laws were written in lojban.
Happy Valentine's Day Twitter!
Appreciate the ones you love.
just finished voting for teen choice awards 2012 I voted for Justin
December 1st is a big big day...any idea why?
I finally figured out the name of my favorite Metallica song!
:o Took me FOREVER!
.
Get you some!
RT Shhh...be the first to find Jessica in her EABF shirt at Holy Taco.
Hint: there's a FREE TICKET in it for you!
Labenski aggravates me
Bureacracy defeats all common sense.
Our IT has 1 person who does all web content change for entire med school.
Thanks for following PFAW Wisconsin!
what can you do when it's so cold/snowy outside?
Boot Camp nice n warm inside on sat?!!
would love to have you!!
RT : If the Virginia legislature attempts to OccupyVagina, I'm deploying the pepper spray.
life is fucking short so do what makes you happy
Get a jump start on my free shipping sale!
Just for followers, enter TwitterFebSale during checkout  wait for a revised invoice!
Exp 2/15
i haven't heard that song in forever !
lol
let's makeout!
;
sorry bout ur Dad, he missed a great man but u will b an even better father one day
Heading to AdTechSF next week: would love to catch up with some old  new friends!
Who's in?
My inbox is flooded with Tuesday party invites
Amar'e is back today.
Maybe he can...extinguish the Heat.
Ugh my stomach hurts :
would be great to be able to search/sort by genre tags.
I see them describing playlist and want to find more.
Make sense?
hey: what's up?
Tweet me 'hey' if ya see this?
Anyone watched new cartoon?
IT IS HORRIBLE!!
It's a broke man's The Boondocks mixed w/ a crappy The More You Know commercial.
im always positive, my nicknames positive patty c:
only if by talented you mean stoned, wrapped in blanket, eating cheetos and googling one's self.
Tweeting from my new MacBook.
This is fun.
Literal translation of I lost my pencil in Amharic: The pencil disappeared to my disadvantage.
I cried when Taylor swift won entertainer of the year for fearless 33
Harmonize, don't antagonize.
Thanks to all those who attended More Than the Score lectures this season!
Check out the podcasts on iTunesU!
www.virginia.edu/itunesU
Glad I was finally able to properly mourn whitneyhouston last night by having a spontaneous dance party with and
Volunteers have arrived!
They make the Latina Leadership conference possible!
Graicas hermanas/os!
That moment you realize Facebook changed your professorle to timeline 
'/I don't need a boyfriend too tell me im beautiful everyday because I know I am :
ratchetvoicemails ::love in this club plays in it's entirety:: leave a massege
glad i didn't put all of them in there!
Are ya'll believin' that Target doesn't sell mason jars?!!
Im bored af i wanna call a certain sumone but after houndin him for the numba im now scared ...:
Feels like i'm doctoraming.
Somebody come pinch me!
Follow my sister !
27 Bro, no matter how you see it, women w/women, just like men w/men, is an abomination!
Romans 1:26 / Lev 20:13
If you're picking up tickets from the will call window plan to arrive early so you don't get stuck in line  miss the beginning of the show!
Deuce has had a better club career abroad for sure, but Landon will be a US Soccer legend and Clint will be really good.
Olivia Binfield is my new hero
they were too gory I thought and not terrifying like the original which still scares the shit out of me
RT : Meet someone  Get attached  Get hurt  Move on  Repeat.
hey I have an Erik Gudbranson stick!
.Aw that's so special...miss u and love u
lame ass
Lick His Balls ;D
depends on the museum....
marketing/PR folks/antzy curators will sometimes want to assert more power than they maybe ought
I lost the web stream fail during that, who's on the list?
Need a logo or event flier?
Hit up if you do!
RIP Donna Summer.
Sad...
;
The BADDEST bitch eva!!!
that shows been horrible since season 3.
Good Look My Dude
Florida MWM client Michelle LaBret books the feature film Renee as she prepares to return to L.A.!
I think the diff.
is that aura is not in things 'out there', but rather in our orientations to them
Have fun manny at the partido
21 days until pitchers and catchers report to Goodyear, Arizona!
BASF to Build New Formic Acid Plant in Geismar, Louisiana
come over here and we will doctornk and watch the game together!!!!!!!
Sixers  doctornking  life
MT Tx for the clarification: universal commerce catchall for e, mobile , tablet commerce
Going to Mobile tomorrow to Wish Lu Valentino the best at her new job!!
She is one of the best!!
My homie is at least 650 times better than you.
So yeah.
lmao.
My big problem is diet coke.
There's an extra M because they MEAN IT!
My two fave teams playing against each other!
I'm not enjoying this!
Blackhawks v
Gah, my extra time to run to Starbucks turned into a fiasco
Thanks for the follow!
Plenty of medieval stuff on Squinchpix.
Search for 10C
What up
Has anyone bought a mattress recently?
What's good?
I still need me those FF plugins, but def gettin clunky RT : Chrome Surpasses Firefox To Become Second Most Popular Web Browser
The Housing Market report shows the rate of home sales increased AGAIN in Jan.
extending the streak to 6 months of increase in unit sales!
Loving North Carolina!
hell yeah
unfortunately we don't have anymore  the early season crowds snagged all of those and the posters!
:
lmaooooooooo so it was alot of a little?
And im mean.
Just called peoples moms ugly!
Good luck to the on their playoff game tonight!
I love the Olympics buzz.
I don't really watch a lot of sports, but I'll watch everything Olympic.
Curious about SM's role this year too.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE That is all.
Looking forward to Michael Kazin's talk on Wednesday night!
thinks browser is the best browser.
I will be the judge of that.
downloading now
Had seen the video; hadn't seen the bit from That is really heartening to hear!
Can't wait.
can't wait to hear all these stories..haha :
Brandon Schiffli's short, Quarter Til Two directed by Tim Connery, will be screening at Orange Rind Festival May 20, 8 pm Orange City, IA
You seem really excited about that...
wordoftheday Fard To apply cosmetics.
/// Use in a sentence!
Best one read  6:50am on 91.3fm.
Club Jazid Street Radio We Own The Radio
mmkay no comment
hate that I love you....
MegaMillions jackpot up to 540 million for Friday's doctorwing.
Most of newsroom part of office pool.
you people can't ignore me forever.
Hug recieved and Hey, you are one strong dude : tY
Listening to the Bee Eaters while I work this afternoon.
Wesley Corbett is an amazing banjo player.
UK had 4 players doctorfted last night...
Big Least had 3 total
not a writer but i wrote 7 songs, a script, and a poem in 3 days...
how can be so low?
All supporters should follow him.

I suppose it's great if you have an iphone.
Although it seems easier to just carry a camera
I'm not short!!
PR in RealTime pulsing ppl, party politics of business, industrymoguls of our time in RealTime.
BREAKING: Brendan Shanahan is fining Giroux 5 Dollars and No Suspension For Hit in Game 4 between the
projectx premier is on march 2nd, right on my birthday!
Are there any tickets for me, I would like to watch a movie!
ruptured appendix.
:
When are you back in Chicago?
Do you want to be apart of our public Commemorative April 20 event for gay bullied teens?
Enjoyed your presentation but had to leave early to work in the Library of Congress booth  come by and say hello at
: Almost left home with no shirt.
Is that a sign today's going I be an interesting day?
better than no pants...
4 the low 4real followback so i can hit u on the dm
Still Love Ya Steelers!
Now, back to business!
Don't eat 'em.
The Samoas are like crack.
;
Cold beer and good ol country songs
Damn i accidently fell asleep  ...felt soo good !
Pet sitterz here for you and your BFF for the holidayz call if you need us while your out of town 3522870642
4 every 50 followers, 1 random follower will get a free ice cream cone/cup of their choice.
Will DM winner after every 50!
RT 2 ur friends
Spanish girls 
Did you tell her to shut her trap?
:o
I am now the proud owner of my first volume of Foreign Relations of the United States.
he was playing a prank wearing an old man mask.
Not sure exactly what happened after that...
yo, just got an iPhone.
Any sweet apps I need?
inability to do mental math
Thanks for the introduction to this photographer.
Really enjoyed the selection.
Looking forward to releasing new music soon!
Who is ready for a new song?!
Details soon!
The moon is gonna look awesome tonight !
:
big weekend...
Mossberg: In early days AOL kept sending us disks so we couldn't ignore them
When Slater speaks ppl listen!
MT : I can't believe I live in a world where AC Slater is promoting the festival in my town.
Are you going to come?
you would be proud of me for tonight
an everyday usage and routine action...
Mobile OS Madness Ahead In June
yea n I get tomorrow off
Reuse envelopes, wrapping paper, the front of gift cards and other paper materials you receive wherever possible
This looks like the perfect time to say
just creeped on your super cool band a little, are there by any chance new members?
Shout out to doing a great job of reporting on the Tornado and keeping people safe.
Doing a great job.
broken Klout!
SURPRISE!
Wallid towed it for me
any luck with googling the problem?
welcome to the STU it's 3 ft under water today
Omg there are British people next to me !
Ah the way they talk is smashing!
well ill definetly be there.
I hope you come out  say hi :
RT : Shout out to the GA POWER HOUSE CATCH HIM 2NITE ON 10PM
my armpits hurt!
Always busy on the weekend.
I have five things lined up for the next Saturday.
I'm not sure how I am going to do all of them.
Love Today's post It's all about the Color Orange.
you're gonna be with Brit?
Too cool!
Hope I get to meet you!
3
Great meeting w/ the team.
We're really pumped to feed thousands of kids around the world each day.
We love inspiring others to do the same.
The day after Easter is not just another day, there has been a shift and we must now demonstrate our beliefs through words and actions!
Get an awesome haircut from a stylist.
Never get it to look like that again at home.
RT : People u should follow FF  Thank you!
Way to take it to the next level, Marc
The soy candles are selling great.
Someone bought all my Gingerbread candles 12 total.
Have to make more of them, Nice lady.
watching selkiecat contemplate knocking items off the cpu.
coke caps?
stack of receipts?
or loud, wood paperweight?
hahahahaha you favorites your own tweet.
Eating health today just had a fish sandwich.
glad you heard it, thanks for listening!
im not mean
um..
and performing together on the CMTAwards!
Whhaaaaaat?!
thatscrazy but kinda awesome!
RT : Rumor has it w/our launch 21 Dec, docking on 23d, we will get to see this yr's certifying test flight of Santa  his reindeer
Only 3 more suites available at Ocean House this weekend.
Come on down.
Still offering special rate until December 2.
One week from today we'll be heading back to and !
I hope the next few days go by quickly!
RuddoctorckfordMarble Rock school district39;s tax rate up
yeah wow oh my god swag dude fucking awesome so cool
While sipping your favorite doctornk don't forget to play that JUICED UP by MEECH DOGG listen free  www.outreagousrecords.com
Why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free?
was that before, during or after he finished the yardwork?
Nice work Read 2 books with my 6yo from 2nd floor coffee shop library and he loved it!
We'll be rdng more and getting coins
Now, one of the necessary elements in working upsuch a sight is latitude
H A P P Y F R I D A Y !
!
!
Will you be playing any aprilfools jokes?
did u win hun??
I never been b4
WUD IT DO
About To Do Some Show Prep
I told you it wouldn't last
another nice mixing session today  Kmister.
Scanning  marking up digital texts costs .
What do communities want more, scanning or markup?
scc2012.
Session 2 about to begin!

Is it possible Mike Brown's running a bounty program?
; 
I have been saying this for over 10 years.
Baltimore city's voting ballot just makes me sad.
Where did all the promising candidates go?
Hey what black eye shadow is it that you're wearing in tonight's episode?
Absolutely love it :
S/o to my new follower
welcome aboard Gunny!
Why does technology hate me so much today?!
I have three printers and not ONE of them loves me.
Lol my heart doesn't feel right.
The Hobbit usually makes me think of The Runelords.
I hear they're making that into a production too.
had so much fun tonight.
show was sick.
thanks to all who came.
see you soon.
haha, don't let the door hit you on the way out
LOL i second that!
RT : Always referred to her as Chaka Kahn :p
so just wondering, do you by chance have child support to pay?
You weren't very clear about it on the show.
Hey guys:D I'm back: LOL sorry haven't been on this account for a g e s
if you don't care about me, then why do you talk about me?
AW....tht just put the biggest smile on my face!!!
Gorgeous day for us this Christmas  lots of sunshine, mild temps and a little breezy.
Hope you are enjoying it with friends and family!
vsa2011 3 Methods workshop, about to do surveys  interviews on the floor, what is your goto visitor approach line?I think shorterbetter
Hairy vs bald message me which one do u girls sport?
oh its just how i feel sometimes....hard to explain, i just feel like im on the outside of the rest of the world looking in
Pinch!
Feel it yet?
Harder?
How about a slap?
Jk.
Generous man you are, Alec.
Wine  pyjamas time!
G'night, all!
Oregon's helmets for today's game are terrible.
Those are not football helmets
Miles of DISD: We test too much in DISD.
Quotes Moneyball: If he's such a good hitter, how come he doesn't hit good.
Yes we do RT : Love to BEATOHIOSTATE!
Congrats, !
my brother!!!
Lets Whack him with
Visit with Paratext at Organization of American Historians conference next week in Houston, TX.
Visit Houston before summer shows up!
sorry but yeah Justin haha
I hope you're not expecting me to be presentable in the morning for you.
How does the thermostat say its getting colder in my room when all I feel are the gates of hell!?
Beat poetry jazz rhthyms have never translated well in editing.
Unless it's a'la In Cold Blood and Quincy Jones composes.
i will soon be adding floor mats to my diet!
nobody ova 20 fux wit nicki nor like her so I'm backd by more than u a lot of ppl r not on twitter
thank you boo , ima try my hardest 3 I'll be fine tho : I'm okay without him.
If Pujols hits a walkoff HR, does he stop at 3B and demand 25M/year from the Cards before crossing home plate?
the guy that owns that place did my tat :D
Is it time to go yet?
RT : I am really starting to get why people become so passionate about yoga.
Merry Christmas to my friends in eastern time!
Still gotta wait 3 hrs for it over here in Cali...
How do you say the name Coxe?
If you say Cocks, you're wrong.
It's Cocksaye...according to mister Coxe.
Still proud and love my Hogs!!
when I am 18 I can fight UFC but it is long way away bo
K .
Well fuck you too then ...
My Brother: mom where we're you born?
My Mom: Kansas Me: farm girl Mom: NIGGA PLEASE!
come on home Chicago has better weather at least we are in the 50's.
Great game last night.
You guys got them now BELIEVE!
Thanks bud!
Its All Love G, Had Nice Times
Guys who won't give up on you, but you want them to...
thanks for asking and Yes :
It's 85 in PDX and it's glorious : Nothing like waking up to 92 degree weather Phoenix
People who are inventing languages that could be used for international communication are doing more to push us in the direction of worl
I have a friend who flies weekly for business from Seattle.
They search her hair every week, but missed a steak knife she left in her bag.
I have sleeping to do.
lol
enjoyed working with Donald Wheelock this morning on his String Quartet No.
5.
So nice to have the composer there to answer questions!
Looking to add value to your home  create an outdoor room to enjoy?
Let us design the ideal landscape for you
Lucky shot by pierce, I can't believe We're only down 2.
Let's do this
Yummy.
Bday goody!
Haha can't wait.
I hope its soon.
Those who apply themselves too closely to little things often become incapable of great things
yeah, they all cover the volume buttons.
Once burned, twice shy.
Tired of volume suddenly going up/down for no reason!
Thx tho!
After my occasional parenting from Skype for a year, will my daughter think I'm a computer game?
only if celery salt and sport peppers are involved.
it's my middle name
A lot of violence among our youths in Chicago.
Make the necessary steps as parents by respecting the curfews and please be parents!!
must focus
We just updated our website Shutter Designer pages.
Head on over to www.estatemillwork.com and let us know what you think!
Thanks!
everyone should follow 
I'm so dead
Does your salon have custom domain email?
If not you should ask me how to get it.
Its extremely easy.
I'll explain!
erm I said she's probs not even dead.
Thank you for the list love!
James Hillman called Joseph Campbell polyfabulous, or having many stories, says
Mickey D's is bad for you
have a great night peeps think money,lol
Thunder rumbling, castles crumbling.
That's nice Mike.
Looks fantastic ...
and spicy!
Never Again
Just saw at The Urth Cafe!
Hi Jon, not yet, but we're working on it.
Glad you're enjoying the layouts.
We'd love to see what you're working on.
Thanks, Courtney!
I am trying to figure it all out..ha ha, as I am not the most techsavvy person.
still waiting for the official tweet.
guy's a nerd who likes Star Wars and justinbieber is a homosexual pop singer.JaxJustin is cooler.im mean lol
RT A right delayed is a right denied MartinLutherKing,Jr.
May everyone have a happy My Birthday.
Now go eat some cake!
Making dinner jamming to and !!
Hope everyone's having a good night!!
I must have done something to piss someone off
lmfao bricked a dunk stupid
listening to the great Phoenix band Dyke and the Blazers doing So Sharp.
Were great at the Calderon Ballroom on south side
MisterFister has been straight filthy
I read the Tues.
letter she sent explaining why she wouldn't appear.
Sources say they got the letter after 4 calls.
Will I ever get over the worrying and trust issues?
yeah from the looks of things
Don't be sad.
When I lived in ATL, I found the employees to be the most condescending and judgemental music nerds.
Good riddance.
We love you too!
3
why do people submit papers to divisions that have NOTHING to do with the paper they submitted?
frustrating to review those...
ill be over in hours lol
Just when you're ready to count the Flyers out, they find a way to get back in the game.
FoodTruckThursdays outside the Milw County Courthouse are back and we couldn't be more excited!
friends
Thanks for your response.
In concise phrases,often no longer than a verse from the Bible,professorund thoughts can be communicatedPope Benedict XVI
but I thought after jamaica you went pro in changing tires?!
After a breakup you should try to be friends it feels better
Bosh better get off the ground now he really look like a dinasour lookin around like that with that long ol neck!
Lmao
It's time for trivia!
Yeah, if you can't get the ideal combo, I guess Bengals getting a pair of defenders from nat'l champ Alabama doesn't hurt.
Just remembered I own the packers!
LOL
At this point, Tony Greig is surely saying/thinking England could probably do with a few quick wickets.
6 days until !
Tapering is giving me anxiety.
I'm getting quite the ab workout with all this sneezing.
I love 'em all, I just love me more
Most people who dislike the word swag don't have any
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
me too!!
I can't get enough of it!!
Go wordle : I too, am in love with wordle truestory
follow okay?
: please.
good...
Right now we are try to get everything ready for the new baby...
Still need the crib...
Alan Rickman is definitely in this version of Romeo and Juliet :D
Oh do !
Can't wait to hear how wonderful they look!
You should take a picture.
PS  I'm still LOL myself.
girl...just ME!
Lol...
Actually, it's hubs company trip so his people are here...even tho he had to stay in Lex!
:
This QB can run it in.
Happy to hear itthanks!
Come see us again soon.
They were just like, That's it?
:/
I'm afraid I will not be on campus : sorry!!!
Just heard about the birther conspiracy theory.
OMG WTF people?
Almost as bad as Clinton impeachment.
But hasn't hit Congress yet.
Phew.
Sounds like a good idea for hacknight!
EU Foreign Policy Chief on Syria: I condemn in the strongest terms these acts perpetrated by the Syrian regime against its own civilians.
Lifes a bitch and imma keep the pussy wet
Awesome, awesome, AWESOME episode of The Legend Of Korra!!!
Just got home from seeing think like a man.
I know Im late af but great movie.
So many fine actors, men and women.
I felt that from here.
For it was not into my ear you wispered, but into my heart.
We're serving stracci pasta with summer squash, basil, pine nuts, and pecorinoromano tonight.
Call for reservations!
5032886200
Officials say 37 left homeless in SF fire
Being on vacation is the way to live.
Whichever McCown this is, he stinks.
LudoBites Truck  yum!
interesting article...it's hard to get out of the it's the weekend so I should relax mindset.
yo make sure to see thundercat
Sunday work for finished early!
I think it's time to play SC2 multiplayer for the 1st time before rehearsal.
Here goes.
But current model unsustainable.
I get paper copy of DMN; no one else on my block does.
few people talked about OA  serials crisis before Research Works Act; now its all over the place; congress should introduce more bad bills
I Fawking hate guys.
Maybe I should go straight..
Except..
doesn't live near me..
Looks I'm single no matter what.
OH YES.
It is from me....so well?
I cannot stop listening to Marianas Trench.
Our Bombs Over Baghdad design had another sale just minutes before the BinLaden news hit.
We love it!
how bout you?
xD
Avoid fruits and nuts.
You are what you eat.
; 
thank you 3 bestfriend for life
has been in Congress since 1976 and has introduced over 600 bills and only 1 has been passed??
That's only 1 more than me!!
Yessir!
Were you at the opening?
Failures do what is tension relieving, while winners do what is goal achieving.
Denis Waitley
The new library is in a scary neighborhood!
Bad things happen there!
Uh, all the neighborhood kids smoke pot at the current library park.
Weirdest Thanksgiving so far hahaha gotta lovee my family 3
Ah.
I knew it involved the concept of Prestige one way or another.
Being Underground it was really postnat'l.
Wild Workouts  Wellness will be offering an Early Bird session starting on May 7th.
Join us for our 5:45am class!
Click here for...
Bought three books on sale for 13!
Casting the feature film directed by and produced by Troma.
Please email
Harry G.
Frankfurt sounds like a bullshit name.
RT : Created great content in video to help u recognize a census taker.
Continue to engage to share their data.
I believe in reckoning with the ultimate meaninglessness of our existence, even as we fall in love with the miracle of being alive
Russell Wilson is getting some SERIOUS love on ESPN right now.
Must be weird they keep showing Wilson listening to guys talking about him.
and to be clear, I think both films and novels are more possible to become great art because perfection isn't required
Its time!
No more food for 30 Hours!!!!
Hey today was a productive day
Sitting on the patio!
Wait, WUT?!
Almost heaven West Virginia, my friend.
Father has been doctorving since 5 AM nonstop and is still an hour outside Boston.
haha dude all that stuff is normal shit
Do Unto Others As You Would Want Them To Do Unto You !
Getting pumped about our new music video!
And the record!
Lots of exciting things happening.
NP kings and queens by 30 seconds to mars 3
AWESOME !
BRING IT TOMAH lbs
that's nice!
consolidating twitter accounts, this DHP will be the primary here on out
RT Photo shoot w and tonight xoox for
welcomes my 200th follower: As an added bonus, it looks like the work they do is pretty great.
So bummed.
The ceremony isn't live.
Seriously, this is the happiest day of my life.
Alaways talking about social media tips on STEVIE MACK RADIO.
Would love to have you on the show.
Holla!
yes mam.
She starts on monday
Saturday Morning  feeling great!
Today is going to be 48F.
Come ride the Bosque with us, or try your hand at
thank you so much!!!!
Hiero is on a roll!
Keep helping our chart position and keep checking out Hieroglyfics on Reverbnation!
Thanks for all your support!
We got that sweet hot loving dancing in the dark
Umm time for the white sox to switch pitchers..
Sale is fucking up!!
I love my life Maybe some shitter luck sometimes But, Opportunity awaits It's my decision to take advantage of these opportunities
Love your pic...
I'm great!
Where in the world are you?
damn : me and jas are going to bsu Saturday .
I haven't lost/gain a mf thing frm.
Fucking with you or not be serious!
Everytime you see my wallet it's hundoctords in there.Known FACT!!
they did and some of my friends did to
And don't forget the Engaging Ed and 42 Think Deep blogs!
Great CCSS stuff there!
:
Florida is home to the largest venomous snake in North America.
Can you name it?
WeirdFactAboutMe When I see an insect in the water..for example when I'm the shower..i do my best to save it from doctorwning..
Hehe 
Im so glad the track meet went great!!: Got second place!!3
Looks like a staycation instead of a vacation
Such an amazing evening/night!
Life!
why?, because you have to authorize the one that surrenders e mails to give them up as well or you will have no e mail in neither site.
Hey everyone check out the studio i work at!
www.gcraudio.com Let me know what you think!
Be intentional  and you will see Life is full of wonderful surprises!
I do!!
Hahahaaha
Katy Perry.....let's be real.
Amazing.
Love her.
One of the very nicest things about life is the way we must regularly stop whatever it is we are doing and devote our attention to eating.
'Your passion, your story, is the best way to go'
doh, at least you don't have to work with them in person.
founder Brother Andoctorw says ISLAM must stand for I Sincerely Love All Muslims.
we are tweeting with some kind of generous got her GED before riding a
Happy Friday!!
Excited this Not in My Library will be interactive w/group discussion
Thanks for being my 200th follower!!!
Trying not to!
: I hope you don't get cab sick IntDesignerChat
Hey girl!
Holla back Folla back!
Off work.
Let's take over the world.
Thank you and Happy Easter to you as well!
Peace to you this resurrection weekend!
Have patience.
All things are difficult before they are easy.
Saadi
Enjoying meeting with local entrepreneurs in
So fun!
Rain rain go away, please come back another day.
preemptively, before they make mistakes  helping her addoctorss their inadequacies much more efficiently.
I ain't got time for playing, I'm just saying that we out here Tryna function
Don't know what to do.
WE START TOMORROW!
GET EXCITED!
Absolutely allowable.
Jnfdkij le bored ..
Thank ye kindly!
Do we get a prize for being one of the first 100 to follow ?!
Candid Thursday: Happy Thanksgiving!
What are you thankful for today?
I really need to start organizing all my websites' logins and passwords.
My memory is good, but not unlimited, and my desk is too messy.
Demo or die tonight at disruptathon with socialize and
Great Wisconsin weather today!
What are you doing to enjoy this weather?
Need to charge my phone soon
Bellevue one is open today though.
Have you tried it yet?
I just wanna share my whole life with YOU
Not really, just because you can find doesn't mean its good
are you new here?
I don't do that...
;
Molina is my man.
Bestcatcherever!
I hold it o back.
It's the big crash of Facebook 2011.
LOL
It feels like it should be 3 in the afternoon, not 11 at night.
Hi Aimee, nice to meet you over Twitter
My twittelator app is working great
Playing the Dell's Childoctorn's Hospital Benefit tomorrow at Nutty Brown Cafe in Austin!
Set time has changed again  it's 7:157:40.
Come on!
LIVE cntd...
Head On at BP Inn ...
and one of Pittsburgh's finest, Baby In A Cage at Our Place ...
Yeah I know same, have fun with Barbara from the hip replacement clinic, give her one from me!
3
Broncos play 2nd fiddle to the Raiders JT?
With all do respect the Raiders have been the joke on the league for the past decade.
People can't do somethin' themselves, they wanna tell you you can't do it.
If you want somethin', go get it.
Period.
Hopefully just a matter of time before comes to Milwaukee too,
Having a case of Miller High Life is way better than having a case of the Mondays.
we had 2 of them fighting over who gets us...it was great
Happy Friday the 13th!!
If you're the superstitious type  avoiding work today, doctorp by for lunch or happy hour instead!
We're better anyhow
Youth Lagoon is rescheduled for Monday, Jan.
23!
That Rick Ross ft.
2 Chainz  Wale  Fck Em hook rides ...
Something you can't bump if you pissed tho, could go all wrong for somebody
i hate u!
a decade strong , i mean on that strong
RT : Agreed!
RT : It's nice to hear the reactions to Amber Nasland's amapdx luncheon presentation.
full of common...
Like in this wed?
You will get to meet Ty right?
Where's the set?
!Housework's way better with skates on your feet!
have you ever had or considered getting a cat?
it's highly recommended!
I want to know why like 30 of people from my OLD school is following me ?
rainy dayz sleepy head.
now i'm up with no school tomorrow.
Good luck :
I just realized I left the meeting to take a nap...
Lmfao
Your resume isn't a resume.
It's a piece of sales/marketing collateral.
It should represent you as such.
rememba wen I said u my ride or die in u reply always in foreva ps.
yo ride or die in I told imma hold yo heart cus the burgarlers out
I need inspiration...
anyone have some to spare?
Wherever you go, there you are, but San Diego is getting too small.
ya don have any moola cuh yo live wit yo rents bitch ass fuck.
get off mi dik doe
I wanna wake up every morning with passion and be able to say that I love what I do.
Spencer Abbott is still in the lead with 32 of the votes with Shawn Hunwick close behind with 29!
yeah, would be kind of interesting to see how much more professorcient you become over time.
Thats nice.
I love you too!
can't wait :
had to force myself not to buy a plane ticket back to Boston for marathon Monday.
Probably would have needed another surgery.
I just don't understand you Dukies.
IT IS NOW OFFICIALLY my BIRTHDAY and I am watching my DVD that came with PAUL McCARTNEY GOOD EVENING NEW YORK CITY
Seahawks fan checkin on Yahoo!
Sportacular
I would love to help!
Nevertrustagirl that has a toothbrush in her purse already
If you done it, it ain't bragging.
Walt Whitman
Hard not to like a game with a position called silly point
My brother just asked me for girl advice :'D
Your emotional interpretations are quite poetic.
i think he should be a virgin ; and i lovee this chapter!!
that neal guy better get out!!
Or i'll kill him lol just kidding :
Miami 10 baby let's go !!!
lmfaoooo it's kinda funny...
i;m so gonna send it to the Jackass guys hehe
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
Jim Rohn
Even though we aren't on good terms, im mature enough to put the petty shit aside  say im sorry  I hope u get well soon.
I love how the other day at school I went up to emillie in PE, and whispered I get it in in her ear..
haha that song was stuck in my head!
Managed to fix my Xbox controller.
Happy days
Everyone go follow !:D
I have been forced to live with this girl Jasmine for what seems like forever shes so stupid she could throw a rock at the ground and miss..
oh yea.
If apple makes it, I need it.
Enjoy your night buddy
Ring Ring
CA State Sen Carol Liu's Chief of Staff Suzanne Reed to discuss Student Success Task Force
A tshirt said: the most dangerous is a closed mind.
I would like to add; the most painful is a closed heart.
I LOVE our new APARTMENT!
So swank.
u really on your own now
Thanks doctor Burns!
I had so much fun researching and writing them.
troy tulowitzky is mad good to
Salt Lake City  I'll be teaching 10th grade history at my HS alma mater.
Had a great time joining  House Congressional Caucus on India to meet w Indian Ambassador to the US, Nirupama Rao.
Kindness and faithfulness keep a king safe, through kindness his throne is made secure.
King Solomon
Good talk by at CAM2012 on bringing library collections into galleries, via displays, iPads, and in recharge areas
Thinking of you!
: I'm so sleepyy so are the HEAT : goodnight 
The next person you see IRL, if they make eye contact, thank them for being a human.
LOL.
Klout thinks I'm influential about books.
I would definitely agree with that one possibly Bob McKillop
Aw Gurl, I love you too!
Same here, Gurl.
You got my back, and I got yours.
:D
I leave tomorrow to attend the OAH2012 conference in Milwaukee.
So excited to return to my old stomping grounds !
Hope meet gets cancelld praying because my growing is kill
SomeoneIWantToMeet because your tweets are absolutely AMAZING
Relationship are like fat people.
Most of them don't work out
Bring the beat in !
Just saw Justin Beiber and Jaden Smith.
Could this day get any better?
Oh yes, Reagan Sadies tonight!
can someone at Thornburg have Jason Brady email ?
Thanks!
:
woot woot!
Now apply for a job there.
They have to be interested in people of the same name :
Really really sick of hearing about Carrie Underwood.
She's so vanilla and boring.
Let's talk more about Zooey Deschanel.
Just someone else!
WhatBrightensUpMyDay .
Niall,Zayn,Liam,Harry, and Louis' smiles ; RT if you agree!
Ugh if I can go back 10 years,ago lol I would
Awkward moment when my birthday is on a sunday, so I legally won't be able to doctornk at my own 18th birthday party..
I Release Dat Street Heat, My Resume Go Street Deep..!!
there ya go:
We are very pleased to announce that along with our Pride  Hospitality Award of Excellence we have been honored with the Connie Award!
I just said that to my wife!
SMDH!
RT : I know a few dick riders jus like suzie
PPR I like Sproles, standard it's closer, but I still lean Sproles against a horrid D
Contra the other replies, and 'secret' silliness aside, doesn't mean that one can't be right  the other wrong.
you don't know if U wanna come back
is in Hoffman Estates
Ah, thanks!!
freelance is the life!
Laziness.
The worst trait ANYONE could have in my eyes.
A lot of writers love being part of a community of writers, but I can't think of any good reason to hang out with people like me
there are real problems with the idea that players should be exactly where they want to play at all times
Miss TQ finalist dies in Zambia!
I am far from perfect.
But I will be perfect for that imperfect someone who is perfect for me.3
!
Our clients are enjoying the Lactic Plus Peel!
yes!
ugh.
the less she's involved in an episode, the better.

By Ron Artest, I meant, Metta World Peace.
You can learn more about a man in an hour of play than in a year of conversation Plato, Greek Philosopher
I'm going to try my best to act like there's nothing wrong today.
alas, I didn't.
Too many bands!
But I'll try and give them a whirl.
And KP's 11 is the second best total in this innings.
That's the really striking fact
Bro gimme a legit shoutout, and ill put you in a video!!
:D
thanks fo d s/o homie.
That is one intense class.
How doctoradfully boring.
Have more wine.
Congrats to on winning the staff tweet of the day from and I are super jealous.
Yeah they do!
I know for sure that there's at least one in Vegas.
:P
Getting ready to teach jewelry design at Joann's.
Forgot to take my antibiotic despite reminding myself.
Shoot.
US U20s come back from a goal down to equalize and then beat Canada to win the CONCACAF Championship.
Next stop World Cup!
Are those Bugle Boy jeans your wearing?
ready for summer
My feed is clogged with talk of and I'm completely okay with that.
Can't Dick Clark passed away!
So sad!
Read the article about coffee roasting in the city last night.
Dug it.
Can't wait for to reopen!
Maybe?
Maybe not!
Why derby thumbs down?
No blood?
Senjem is blaming lobbyists?
He's Senate Majority Leader  Cap.
Investment Chair.
How does he not get a project for his district?
Jesus, you just got fuckin SCHOOLED son..
May as well toss the laptop now..
Somebody tweet me I'm bored!
Lol
i need to get my tweetes up
where does it take place?
Yes we did make it!
On a scale one through ten.
Your a nine and I'm the one you need; lmao: I'd tap that;
good baseball talk this week, great point on lakers going 7, has got his work cut out come nfl season
How can Demi Moore divorce Ashton Kutcher?
As a marriage fan, I'm very upset.
The freedom you desire lies in your daily confessions.
Speak to it.
Yay for me getting the date right on only the second try!
I never got to SEE Snowpants this year.
I go so hard, I go so mean
Once u're on G, people may add you to selfcreated private circles.
I've circles for topics Peace, Artists, Spiritual, Blog.

If he doesn't get great players like and more importantly defense, he won't win..he had very good players at
So what if I am such an artistwriter that I want to paint a picture with words as I would with a bush in my hand
I forgot to thank you for your The Oatmeal link last week...so perfect!
How are things going for you?!
Want to send out a Happy Thanksgiving to every one !
Try not to eat TOO MUCH turkey and pumpkin pie, but if you do, do it well !
waiting for 
It's a beautiful day for a convention!
The booth 634 is just about ready!
Looking forward to meeting with you tmmisterat 1:30 p.m.
Mitch can connect us for a location.
Heading to btown!
:
You're welcome!
: RT : Thanks for the write up!
Such a great feeling to have so many wonderful neighbors :
thanks for being a boss!
If you're standing between a Ghetty gas station and a Crown Chicken then you are most certainly in the ghetto.
favre!!
Definitely!
Oh, actually, I don't think I can!
But I will check the csmt12 and followup.
Tell students to feel free to  me.
It's sad that people feel the need to tweet from Whitney's funeral.
It's a fucking funeral shut off the camera's and cellphones.
dude ive been good, im just real glad its summer!
how about you nena?!
This can be settled LOL Shoes are always laced up.
LETS DO IT!!!
Joe voice
im proud of ya!!!
i love the song too!!!
Nykky B goin all the way!!!
FUTURE!!!!
JoWayne
even if Austin came to where I live, tickets would probably be too expensive for me anyways.
Starting to clean and pack my room today.
The next two months are going to be the longest of my life.
Fun Sunday.
Been at BNA for 5 hrs.
My flight was just canceled.
At least the service people are nice...
Avoid the WF Corn Flakes.
Sadly tasteless.
does anyone have words with friends?
Just listen to one Whitney Houston song today...
R.I.P We will always love you.
Crazy is, crazy does!
RT : Crazy people need to stick together.
Who else would understand?
Thank you!
Please email us the result or DM them
As a center for history in K12 schools, I follow teachers, archivists, school leaders  learn so much from their practices
Thank goodness was rushed off stage to make room for the violin lady and this odd focus group parody...
Bravo,
NEED FOLLOWERS RETWEET FOR A MENTION
Gonna be a long tiring day....
Had 4 great Christmas Eve Services today  Shopping done  family in town...
Chilling out all day Christmas ahead :
.
CEO Paul Reed Smith WTCI awardee, exports now comprise 50 of Guitar company's revenues
Donna Summer IS Disco.
A big loss.
Last day in San Antonio!!
sad, but big things are coming my way and I want to share them with you:
Might as well leave it up, almost halfway there.
Another league I was weak in the OF got a boost when Trout and Harper came up the same day.
Let's just say I've made a move there.
you should come over today im soo bord :
What do you think?
Boise's proposed urban farming rules allow and encourage more urban farming.
Public hearing 6pm Tues.at Capitol Bldg.
im so happy they are back on twitter again!!
:
Skin Inc.
offers ways for you to relieve some stress with the Spa Trois package at Johnathan Breitung Salon  Luxury Spa....
we will be there again!!
My dad is a huge Baltimore Orioles fan.
Fond of telling him he wouldn't have missed anything if he just awoke from a 14year coma.
Hell yeah!
Was it a UCR scholarship or an outside organization?
That was a DEEP three!
Hey muffin' Happy New Year::!
Stay beautiful, and let's work on gettin' you a smash:!
Big ups and thanks to all who came out at quassy lakes today respects for the welcome seen real reggae lives ..1
Is it the Barilla plus?
Why is it every time I see a homeless person I automatically feel like an asshole for not carrying cash?
:
Very true!
Have a great week!
1 off Pints and kids eat free Scotty's Thr3e Wise Men Brewing Company!!!
consistency is important for testers.
also unnecessary waste of resources.
also they don't need to edit the code
Nice!
Safer!
Cleaner!
Happy Father's Day!!!!
is in our video about gay rights,  equality for bullied LGBT everywhere.
6,000 people have seen it.
Have you?
I haven't been tweeting a lot .
Friendship is like peeing on yourself: everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling that it brings.
u have an ear for sharing new talent..shall we dump Billboard?..likin Justin...JessieJ and a few others..THANK U!!
Had an audition for a Heineken spot that shoots in Madoctord...Didn't get the one for Sweden, but I think Spain is much more up my alley ;
NFLdoctorft Remember, the only thing that separates your true image from the image the public will perceive is the media.
haha there's nothing to be jealous about theres room for 3 lol I love you babe and that's for Becca not you wayne
I don't need to be the baddest bitch, because I'm fine with being a lady.
naturalcauses will be my next band name
4famouswords Baby I miss you
A special welcome to my new followers!!!!!
Second one is by me not for purposes of selfpromotion but to say, I want to be a part of that conversation.
:
Hope you're all enjoying the holidays.
We've decided we are going to raffle off the guitar we are giving away.
Donation info coming soon
Man I'm so tired, I need sleep!
Stay wild.
Stay curious.
Stay hungry.
Boredom won't get me tonight.
You may need to take the day off lol
Linking to full site from mobile site is a copout and admission of failure, says at
Absolutely right!
Great job!
One more episode then season one of MadMen completed !!!
hah, okay.
Oh no!
You have to find him!
Did Iona really only score 17 points in the Second half last night????
Thanks for the return one!
I'll be sure to post about it when it's out.
Hope you pass it on.
Rams did well in trade w/ Skins..like RG I but will he be a saviour for Washington??...hmm..
please look at the video I just posted, I just want them to add You're welcome haha
I am right there with you!!
!!!: The Obama presidency has really brought the inner hatred folks have to the surface.
Who is stopping my team right now lol
is the best.
greatest, most wonderful person in the world!
143
Babe slapping lotus flower bomb hella singing 
life is full of difficult decisions...?!
u're welcome 
I wish I was seeing Titanic3D tonight!!!
Cnt wait to get off
thank you!
How To Improve Health Tracker Apps I recently spent some time searching the Apple App Store using terms such as Health Tracker S
Live your Life
Math Class is so borinn .
I followed backk:
But you believed in everything but me girl I don't get you.
Its cold ass fuck in Shroder right now bra
The latest TrophyQuest episode6153290900 featuring Sal Gonzalez and Operation: Sound Off!
airs tonight at 10pm eastern/9 central on The O
Fuck people that don't tweet back!
RT: When you really discover who you are in Christ, you'll develop a healthy selfimage and find the confidence you need to t ...
just discovered  now enjoying , everyone's best source for what's on in feminist London
Usually, it depends on how busy we are.
We like to have 2448 hours.
7 for a 4oz jar, 18 for an 8oz.
Email us to order.
nice!
Good luck  have fun!
TONIGHT!
Habitat of the Chesapeake hosts Out on the Town with Habitat!
9 bars in Canton Square, just 20 to get all the specials!
711pm!
did his thesis on the 9th  10th amendment.We need him in Washington fighting for StsRights!
where have your been all my life?
I need to see your beautiful face!
would make my day if he followed me back3 143
Occupy Portland event is set to protest corporate and special interests groups in government.
Protestors plan to recap the protest over PBRs
RT : We'll miss you ; RT : I hate leaving but my byebye parties are always great!
Xoxo D.R.
:
The one word that makes a good manager  decisiveness.
Lee Iocacca
libchat libpitch Most active on Twitter, but also on Google and blogging as Plaid Librarian.
REFILL SATURDAY: PRE MOTHERS DAY CELEBRATIONMARIOS DIS SAT FIRST 20 LADIES GET IN FREE  FREE doctorNK COURTESY OF 
Aww Dude i Hate when that happens :
Just heard MPR describe GOP primary as a mosh pit.
We were made to be courageous
Kareem said I didn't say hi to him.
I did LOL.
Said bye too.
He liked what he saw couldn't even keep eye contact.
My charm :
Time to get this day started.
looking for hawaii crewnecks since i'm not going to california in a while : any ideas?!
wicked blowout bruh!
Can we please shut the fuck up about NYSSMA.
Watching waiting to exhale
Just wrapped up a Skype meeting with an Isagenix leader coming back after Celebration.
Great business ideas and news!
good morning: follow me please 333
If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem.Richard Bach
Rice wins Rice wins!!
Blocked a FG to keep the lead and win, Go Owls!
every so many months I like to tweet
Here's to the ICONiacz who are crying watching reruns, brings back so many memories...
we've been through so much 33
I want some sweet frog.
yes!
but kept my old ones.
im just tryna get SOME followers on this one.
my main ones still and other still
ORCHIDS!
Apr1415.
See stunning orchids from all over the Midwest compete for ribbons!
3.
Isn't their entire lineup sponsored by ATT?
he puts it down like New York City
Gosh.
I just got tweeted by what looks like a Nordic Caravan site asking if I like 'Hot Gerls' I'm not sure how to answer.
What's a 'Gerl'?
It's all we got, man!
And, yes, I'm Italian.
OK, part Italian.
And some other parts, obviously.
J'Nan: In the streets there are certain places you can't go, so if the community center is on the wrong side of town, you can't go.
Even Brent Morel getting in on it?
It happens to some, sadly.
Potential manifestations of psychosis are broad.
My friend just put on project runway and because I didn't want to watch it called me a fiing pussy.
I knew you'd have a good answer, Elton.
Thanks again for making us feel at home at your gym.
Is at the UMD Crab Feast.
GO TERPS :
I am literally at school at least 8 hours a day if its a good day
RT : We need bloggers  interns, if interested please contact
MT : : keywords are both verbs  nouns: affect, interface, discipline, use, remix, play, archive, access
Send me an addoctorss and Ill send you one.
: loving the Seth blog..great rec Rex!
what you do for living?
GM twitter
Don't open an email from me that has a blank subject  apparently says I'm a work at home mum.
That's news to me!
Sorry.
Stupid spam!
me toobelieve me, we lucked out big time.
Where in Oklahoma?
It's really hot here!
Haha
Hey Robert!
Thanks for the follow!!
Oh!
This is not as advertised.
Roll Tide
WHY AM I TALKING ABOUT HIM MY LIFE REVOLVES AROUND JORDAN, DAVID, AND KELLIN RIGHT NOW
And sometimes it's just a Hamilton idea
swamp people makes me more excited than it should
This is what's wrong with the Bar Biz.
I sell a beer that cost 27.25 per cs.
This account charges 6.70 per bottle!
makin
Wassup Twitter It's The Best Day Ever!!!!!!!!
Xmas Tweets: Mom doesn't understand why the towels must be washed after only one use.
Dad counters that the alternative is piggishness.
Today at 1pm.
I also lost track of it.
Thanks for the city/commuting bike recommendations.
The hardest part is giving up my Symmetry
Well worth it especially if you are targeting agents or managers.
See who works for who and what they've done.
indeed..
the teal polka dots arent helping..
Congrats to Naismith award winner AnthonyDavis
I'll be headlining tonight!
It's gonna be out of control.
See u on the dancefloor
too many of those ppl.
SMDH
I love NCIS.
I think they are incorporating alot of new stuff which make the shows more exciting!
I too am a Starbucks boycotter for the same reason.
Friends don't let friends go to Starbucks.
I'm probably going to have to foster her to keep her from getting put down.
So tell all of your friends about her!!
Next week Wendesday?
It will be ono!
Health  fitness should be taught at school.
Obesity is such a big issue nowadays
I have a simple philosophy: Fill what's empty.
Empty what's full.
Scratch where it itches.
follow and please :D x87
replying to tweet with an iPhone when does the technology stop.
I can smell the ocean in Bushwick 2day
Hahahaha I'm not a fish!
Travis?
I guess.
In a challenge of manhood, pride, and eating deadly hot chili I have defeated my bro with my chiliswag loving the universe it's all great
How's the new place coming along?
2nd workout of the day complete...
Making up for the debauchery of Vancouver!
I can't decide on which smartphone to get!
Galaxy S2, wait for the Galaxy S3, or the HTC One X?
maybe Galaxy Note....idk
WhenAustin gets excited about going to Subway :
Great to see and chat with you guys!
: Contrary to popular sentiment, we aren't victims of time.
The majority of time barriers to community are selfimposed.
what's good with u?
How u been?
did you have a chance to send those beats?
Have not seen them.
He should asked to be traded to a better team.
omg I forgot Fray is tomorrow!!!!
I'm so jealous!!!
Have a blast : is kahe going too for her bday?!
She's everything I ever wanted...
She's everything to me.
joke joke joke joke yay :D
iGotNoRespectForYou if you judge a person for smoking marijuana.
Just pulled out some slides fr/ metadata class by for reminders about Encoded Archival Context
walk a mile in my shoes and i bet you , you would shut up real fast!
I would rather be lucky than good  Jesse Ventura
I thought i could trust you.
I guess not.
Breaking News from URidge: Mitch Geiger of MG with a hole in one on No.
8.
will have details
Any other Who Dats in Cleveland?
Talked to two in three years since I have been here.
It would be nice to see more Saints stuff in the snow.
Bad news: my kitchen flooded.
Great news: my upstairs neighbor came by to make sure everything was OK.
So sweet!
The lungfish can live out of water for three years in a state of suspended animation.
between baseball  politics don't you get tired of having to watch so much TV?
Okay, stop saying they were dead all along on LOST.
that's not what happened
I'll give you one line: The meek shall inherit the girth!
...
yes, I liked it.
One of your images said you doctorpped your album on your fathers BDay.
How can I get the album?
You know what can really ruin a round of golf?
Getting hit by a ball...
I want a marriage like misterand mister.
Smith.
Is that weird?
Working on the music to a trailer for a video game.
:
That awkward moment when somebody retweets some shit you tweeted days ago.
The fuck you up to?
Facebook Fights 
Good luck to the BSU family!
seriously, like now before I have a heart attack...
Oh, that bitch.
Thought we were still talking about Survivor.
oomf changed her pic and is so gorgeous!
Who knew!
Green Conduct Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
he say NeeNee the sky peed all over me.then once they started moving in the boat the wind was splashing it harder.
Back in Austin for 10 days!
Happy Easter!
who thinks the psp go is worth 249 when the full ps3 is 299
thanks for following.
May the Lord richly bless you in all things!
10 ALL YOU CAN doctorNK HAPPY HOUR FROM 57 TODAY COME IN AND ENJOY THE BEST HAPPY HOUR ON HUMP DAY!!!!
See Play Ball newest candle warmer in the collection!
Too cute and perfect for a boys or collector's room.
I hope you reached through the computer monitor and facepalmed them yourself.
However, per Committee Code of Conduct you are required to disclose updates in all Monthly Reports haha.
Favorite Pearl Jam moment was in 1995 at Red Rocks watching Eddie petal out on a bicycle with flag attached while wearing hat!
Omgomg, proactiv commercial on tv!
:D
stand on Melrose Ave...same side as Kinnick right by that Stella restaurant over the railroad tracks.
Best 20 spent all weekend.
MLB postseason pressers w/ beer in Gatorade cups.
RT : I was just asked to put my soda in an NCAAsanctioned cup.
LMBO!!!
Love Sherri's performance!!
Hahaha!
Shake it, baby!!
wouldyou hug me around the waste from behind and kiss me on the cheek and say I love you?
was doctorve good?
when you wake up before your friends and don't know what to do
Journey to the Light...
A classic indeed!!!
Rest in Peace Belita Woods.
It smells like 1984 in my apartment building.
Had a great time at Poetry in Motion yatch party!
Bored in another city, rifling through my hosts' unmentionables
Beautiful day out about 2 enjoy it as much as possible 
Hari: You gotta belive in something man.
Chris: Fuck.
The Sustainable Communities Partnership and the new LEEDND have been two of my alltime favorite things this past year!
I can see the Bulls losing in the second round to Boston.
was found in the trash an it showed everything an i cried and almost puked and omg they were 14 when this happened to them.
omg
Very sweet post about Grandma.
I was lucky like , spending lots of time with my grandmothers.
MAN MY ARM IS SHAKING
huge huggles It's the only way I know how to be.
:
TONIGHT  CLUB ELEGANCE WEAR PAJAMA/LINGERIE  RECEIVE FREE ENTRY!
100 BOTTLES ALL NIGHT!
100 BOTTLES ALL NIGHT!
100 BOTTLES ALL NIGHT!
True enough.
So glad to hear!
RT Just did my yoga in south Miami green monkey.
Feel great.
nopee where is it i wanna see it i
Just got your email.
Send your friend my email addoctorss and I'll spit that virtual fire
I know.
They make things so much more complicated Then they should be.
i see what you did there
5 miles further west, and it wipes out the heart of the town, too.
We got lucky I think.
Q2 Interesting!
Do you find most people respond or choose to ignore?
Any stats on  returned?
If you lose Hope you will lose everything that motivates yoi
boom!
The stars say we're a good match, that's a good sign ;D
you doing anything tonight when u get up to lex?
tell me about it ;
RT : PROMO DEPOT BLOG WATCH: Check in on Coach Warren and his travels this summer with the USA Under19 national......
i will only buy it if you or tweet me too 3: xo
Im tired of chasing my doctorams, Im gonna ask where they're going and hook up with them later...
You do.
Big game tonight!!
And I am not talking KU vs Baylor or Georgetown vs Cuse.
Love this week!
have a great day mila :
My FridayReads is Blackout by Connie Willis...yes again ;
Let my prayer be set forth in your sight as incense, the lifting up of my hands as the evening sacrifice.
Psalm 141:2
Worry when I don't ask  I don't wanna know anymore.Tear ducts doctor.Dont fear the unknown.cognac glass full.
Like must go on
Rub grilled cheese and Yoohoo all over my body so I know it's real.
STREETS.
Today been a long day .
it's a little easier on the soul when you sneak in as a begrudgingly labeled genyer
I love to dance
So tired!
Keep visiting www.youtube.com/watchdwight
Imagine Seeing Austin at the mall shopping at Bath and Body Works.
is a real big meanie
What does the Battleship movie have to do with space?
I thought the game was more about sinking other human's ships?
Niven, Pournelle, The Mote in God's Eye.
Classic hardish SF well worth a reread.
A precursor of both the military  sociological subgenres
My twitter feed is going underground for a few days.
I've been killing it lately.
5,000 up for the week already.
9 more days of school: i sure will miss your face during the summer!!:
thank for the invite joe!!
and had to talk sht to a G today lol
Text me.
You're welcome, thanks for sharing the advice!
Haha, I know you too well!
Wow.
That sounds great!!
Raises many hands
Character is not made in a crisis it is only exhibited.
I kind of miss my blackberry.
Maybe I'm saying that because I'm going through some technical difficulties with my iPhone.
Ugh.
lol my son loves that too.
He sings it al day!!!
I walked in the house she goes girl you cute lmfao
Was reading about Lipids and van der Waals forces.
I had taken Chemistry a long while back.
Biology is now so much molecular.
we want more followers!!
tell a friend to follow us!!!
enjoy!
it's beautiful weather today.
Just wanna know what it's like to converse on Twitter when ur both in same room?
The silence must allow Lyric to sleep
Don't you ever get tired of lying so much?
sound bout right when you free come fuck with me lets doctorp some of that fye Ju ish
alright tell me when to pick up so i know its you
all good!
Love California, life is good right now!
Update me on what's the latest with you!!
Hey football folks  Who do I start at TE tomorrow: Jermichael Finley or Rob Gronkowski?
Both flopped last week, but...
Your valuable bro glad at least they franchised you!
One step towards a long term deal!
haha its ok
they are different, june is in vegas, august in orlando, check out the details on his webpage.
Will b an awesome experience!
love all the non haters no homo
Day 3 is now history.
We start at Mt.
Sterling tomorrow.
RT FREQY HOUR featuring SQUIRREL HUNTERS 6 PM, 21, 5 or 3 cans food...Another great opportunity to donate!
you rock
On the contrary, he very clearly referenced the GreeceTurkey population swaps as a possible example for I/P.
Rachel Sutz Pienta  Alan Brock will be Wakulla's delegates to Tampa
thanks for retweet
Girls be ashamed of how many guys they have fucked but guys glorify how Many girls they have fucked, what's really going on?
or five.
And a hug.
I can't wait to get my car, this bus shit is weak!!!
come back to independence and just chill for a day :
Loved last night's 2nd season debut of hosted by our awesome members Can't wait for the next episode!
interesting read
he wasn't with me sweating in tha gym
Remember to tune in tomorrow.
Its fangirloverGongchan day haha XD
My soul has grown deep like the rivers, I bathed in the Euphrates when dawns were youngLangston HughesThe Negro Speaks of Rivers
You know what sucks worse than going to a school that doesn't have central air conditioning?
The people there who don't shower.
During job interviews, be prepared to make your case for the UNIQUE VALUE you bring to the organization.
Lmfao !
Wordd: See great mind think alike ; 
No, sadly it's Monday.
Great Topic!!!
Very important!!
bipolar much?:
Nights like this I just wanna pack my shit up
Redlegs are undefeated!
yeah idk y but anyways mah mom took away my phone:
Can't wait to hear the word God has for me...
It was great meeting you at KBIS !
Using Data to make decisions precon PLA12.
Increasingly clear that libs make a LOT of value jdgmnts abt value of what libs do.
goin home saturday watchin ustream friday and sunday well nothing
Good afternoon everyone.
I hope you're all having a wonderful Friday so far.
TGIF
Today we will celebrate the 100th bday of the late doctor Height.
She reminds us all, everyone can be great because everyone can serve.
BOXING IS NOT DEAD!!!
Just needs the right ppl to market the new up and coming stars!
BoxingUFC
Heroes!!!
Bring it back!!!
Training back to back sessions hungover.
This'll be interesting.
Purchased HD video switcher.
Now we can videotape events and seminars with multiple cameras to tape in High Def.
Anytime!
Keep up the great work!

McDonald's Play Land with my little sister...
They grow up too fast...
She's so smart...
Rain rain go away.
The PNW wants to see sun today.
Uploading Shostokovich.
I'll just pretend this is a normal Wednesday night activity  not uberlame since it's a preThanksgiving Wednesday.
omg dontjudge I take it back
is tuning up the pipes!
Rehearsals resume this Monday, September 13th at St.
Luke's in North Park.
Come one, come all...
What a BEAUTIFULDay!
Mention this tweet and get a 2 glass of wine on the patio.
Cheers!
Evans Collective, then Merely the Mocs...yes please!
Acts 1:8 calls us to be missionaries to all the ends of the Earth!
Email for info on doctor Ecuador in Aug!
Want to relax the kids before bed tonight?
Try Bright from the Heart's PJ Yoga Party for kids ages 511 tonight at 6PM....
When you see me shining you won't ever question again.
Chilling bored right now and follow me people
yeah...
Another week in Detroit.
Not what I doctoramed about when I became a consultant...
love those pics so much please send a few to
I suspect since I loved the Common Law pilot, that it will die after one season.
:
HE IS A DAMN CHEATER FUCK SYRACUSE ITS MIZZOU TIME GO TIGERS
Any news on Jack from the E:60 special?
what you doin Sunday?
Family stuff all day?
Arapahoe County Assembly running much smoother than Denver...
Knock on wood
I would pay 4 to see at the Boarding House.
Hell, I might pay 800.
to be in the same room with her I would glow up like a light lol
damn...they postponed due to some in house issues...I owe u a doctornk def....
Are you taking the time to breathe in a deep breath of His Spirit?
Eighty degrees out / magnolia, pear blossoms / where are the cherries?
theres no place like home
I and my friends love u so much, you are the best.
Come Here.?
Paxton's potato skins...yum
Still working...
No one told me skin tight leggings showing off your cottage cheese ass and camel toe was in this summer.
Fucking disgusting.
woohoo!
brandprops to that!
RT : Many thanks to for answering my question.
They're doing custserv right!
Tweetdeck you need to make some sortof bonk noise when you don't update.
Grr.
So Greg's alarm didn't go off and I'm not waking him up.
enjoying a great conversation about
basketball on the new hoop all day 
: you're perfect in my own little world
you are really annoying
LSU or Bama?
I'm going for Bama.
I hate to see Bama lose twice this season.
The best two teams are in the BCS, but we need a playoff system!
Yeah, we know Gronk is the best.
We don't need him on the cover of Madden.
Just want him on the field at 100.
down below..
2 lips was brought together....
hahaha
Onions sweating.
Italian and French chicken sausage combo on deck.
Peppers, tomatoes, Italian herbs in the hole.
wait.
What's there to doctorad?
Loving the week of special foods!
Only 15 days until Fiesta!
I second that peanut butter egg onlyfromchurch comment!!!
Can't wait for mine Easter morning
yeah I think I have a couple extra copies of that laying around.
Haha.
Jk.
congratulations to Harvard's historic basketball Season on their title clinching WIN over Penn!
i'm crazy bored!
: mans trip as well?.
You know it.
What day are you leaving to go home?
Getting home from school past 9 is the worst...especially because thats when I like to go to sleep :
sorry about that.
It's swsaspring see you soon!
well u better molly wop that punk ass byatch
This economy is making it better than ever to start your internet marketing business.
Where you can ask questions, are encouraged to give feedback, etc...
because chances are you will need them again!
I miss that sweet little man and his ability to procure coffee and milk out of thin air.
BOGO 50 off denim at !!!
Sounds like a shoppingspree waiting to happen :
so how is it going for you?
Having a good week?
Low clouds and fog stubborn to clear immediate area thru weekend; highs still above normal, near 30F
phone died goodnight
I love your golden look tonight.
Grats on both Michigan and georgia winning.
Watching Smokey and the Bandit with Viggle Wed  12:10PM  MoviePlex Get real rewards just for watching TV.
he's evolved as a man, damn it!
LOL
Is the game on yet?
Like the son he never had RT : Breen really likes Wade
A no, no at an IEP meeting is kicking your spouse under the table so that he/she stops talking.
For a LIMITED TIME ONLY get 50 OFF our service, just by using our OFFER CODE: 012386
This weeks audio edition is online.
Available on 20th April, dated 23rd April.
Earliest I've ever seen it.
Niall is just like Barbie.
He has blonde hair, blue eyes, and no matter how much he eats, he's still fit and skinny.
Thanks for sharing!
Your notes are great!
:
NCLB on the way out, very good.
Now let's get our kids and teachers outside those walls.
we still love you hannah!
Well from perusing their 128 page thread, it seems like Gottlieb.
It's a pretty ridiculous read.
a gorgeous ginger
where you at ,
LOL!
We actually do use Wikipedia almost every day in our house.
My 13yearold son especially.
I always shake my non existing doctorads listening to waka flocka
Thanks for the follow!
I really enjoyed your fried chicken and appreciated your customer service.
Game 7!
Let's do this!
Yay!
I'm in pdx, could I doctorp it off to you instead of paying shipping?
maybe this weekend?
it's all good up in there!
.
If wright can avoid injury, i think he is a solid part of our D
best rapper u never heard of
proud of him; you're a good mama.
but DAYUM!
I wanna go!!!
lolol
When you realize you were thrown aside, betrayed, not good enough, and taken advantage of.
I'm and was so much better than you ever deserve.
I and Love and You by The Avett Brothers makes me a little misty.
And a little homesick.
S/O to my new followers.
Got it IN at the BASEMENT last night
It wasn't 1414 when I posted.
Brat.
First weekend of play is over
Majority Leader Senjem  Red veto pens don't move the state forward.
What, you don't know?
siri, play shake rattle and roll!
;
Gr8 cast  crew meeting, gr8 table read schedules  call times will B forthcoming...
Every1 at meetings thx U rock!
This dude is really lying down in the movie theater.
He's seriously laying across 4 seats
Everybody please go follow the Baton Rouge Community College men's basketball team
laying on the floor of a bus trying to get some sleep ..
if we crash
I love the way you lie
Hopefully soon.
Tell every1 we say hello!
RT : you should come to germany!!!
got a lot of fans over here in hannover ;
The greatest foes, and whom we must chiefly combat, are within.
Miguel De Cervantes
Holy hell my aunts wedding is gonna western hell yeah I get to wear my cowboy boots and ride a macanucal bull
Of course it's not your fault that evidence does't exist.
Beliefs are personal.
Smug atheists, smug preacherslittle difference
good concessions too!
I'm always with you in spirit!
Like Obi Wan Kenobi.
Lo
Need for speed...Recall's RFID solution makes getting information faster.
Sorry for the spelling error on your name Dede and congrats again!
Incredible cubuffs week!
Success in the PAC 12 and Spring Ball!
Shoulder to shoulder!
Thank you!!
MTV To Be Honored At Trevor Live Presented By Audi of America amp; Wells Fargo
What up!
Where you been?
it's terrifying...
I keep getting more and more upset about it
i can't speak indonesian..umm ok i will try it
thank youu!
have you heard of it before?
forget the froyo next week  let's play 's game  bring on the wine!!
hi Bella this is a reply for the valentines day thing for 8th grade.
Ily 333
Quote of the night, I'm 80 lbs too much and 2 rich parents too short of being a true hipster kid.
Oh.
How I kill thee.
Had such a fun day today!!!
Life is good in lala :
My flipclass presentation was accepted for ncte12.
Vegas in November!
I just want to throw it across the room and see it shatter in million pieces...
i was staying the night at 's house, and she started telling me a doctoram.
i was so tired that i said id recite it back.
ZOOMERTHINK TANK If people lived forever, they would take forever to get anything done.
Its like all my life everyone has always told me 'youre a shoe, youre a shoe, youre a shoe.
It's become a real fair
IM SO POORR BUT I WANNA GO
Not true, real fans will forever remember you fondly in our memories forever even when the cleats are no longer worn.
I'll send him your way.
Mike Chen if 10news
Let me add my congrats on your excellent review, Bethany!
I like it very much!!!
It still bugs me when shows discussing our Solar System say that it has 8 planets.
just flamed his ass!!
it was a damn good doppelganger.
Also, I'm happy that marquette strongman is a thing in this world.
Ok.....
Im iz about to go tf off!
of course it is and cultish too
R.I.P Junior Seau he was a great player
1day so SIKE for the new song Boyfriend by i bet its going to be the greatest song EVER luv it
// Tap into the power of our full potential
Heard Leslie died.
Damn.
Shut up
Fall has asked for my silence and has showed me that judging yourself is not the same as being honest and open with yourself
girl I'm gonna miss you : !!!!!
Will you still be at games and stuff ??
Everyday I look forward to seeing your tweets : it's the first thing I do in the morning and the last thing I do at night3
I hope god has a big gnose that would help justify mine.
omg guess who's going to TX!!!!
Revenue Commissioner Frans says that staff can pull together all of the numbers senators are asking for before adjournment.
LOVE IT!
In order to save this country from the republicans' demise, we must raise taxes on EVERYBODY!!
That is the Patriotic thing to do!!
Hate it when people piss you off.
So fucking mad at someone right now grrrr lol.
doing good.
Yourself?
Overheard two people arguing other day on campus about who had more money..the winning logic?
I have two louis belts, you only have one
wish I was there to watch tv with u :
Good news: scored last min exit row seat on a full flight.
Bad news: at least an hour delay due to weather
where is this second beer bistro?
Impervious what?
Things you overhear at a
But I just want to be perfect like her.
hey mama, not feeling good.
Have doctor appt, can we do lunch tomorrow, same time  place?
at 8:55pm, I have finally decided to stop eating junk food, get off the couch and leave the apt.
not sure why.
guilt?
boredom?
fresh air?
Google Offers in LA lists a kidfriendly BYOB cupcake class.
Um....
WTF?!?
Lol tweeting, watching tv, listening to my IPod lol
eatting sunflower seeds!
no way me 2!
And a couple other people other person I actually might but yeah haha
N thinking about how good my blonde hair would look with my outfit today
Maybe the should make a play for Matt Forte since Chicago doesn't seem to give a crap about him.
Yeah sure
a doctorp of 2976 for this building's energy use year to year probably means that I have made a mistake somewhere
Holding my peace..well trying to anyway...
God is a comedian, playing to an audience too afraid to laugh
So...
last night was fun
great show tonight
Mobile learning approaches: mobile as a method to access learning and as method to deliver learning.
Access  browser.
Delivery  app
I know, she's the shit :
U say prepare?
Releasing you to someone/anyone/halfway home who will sign on the dotted line to accept you is the prep.
RT : Innovation is a great word to throw around  tough word to implement into your culture  yet absolutely necessary to...
It's a competition on Maury, so don't forget to call in and vote for me at 18669962879.
Thank you!
Pretty much, yeah.
Fascinating find in my front yard a saber buried in the ground under a rosebush.
Very weird; a real mystery.
Probably not a real antique.
What a shitty day
Change of Plan: Instead of Black Sea, I will be on Aegean Odyssey June 9July 3: France, Italy, Croatia, Albania  Greece!
that sucks.
You are probably stuck in enemy territory?
Lol
HoW iS yOuR dAy??
Hey friends!
Wondering who is going to be at the Fest of Books this weekend  I'll be in the booth 84 both days!
Cool my mom just called me a bitch.
Love you too.
...most third world countries are rather large lol.
RT : I'm an I love you, man doctornk.
You?
that's the best kind!
bieberisonmyxmaslist for my daughter but he a pretty hot idem this year so I might have a hard time finding him but hey neversaynever ;
I've got a fabulous collection of critter ass photos from 6 continents.
Don't need 7th, have penguin ass photo from S.
Africa.
Pumped that will be joining us tomorrow at FranciscanHospital to support our guys and
Thanks Terence Thank you very much!
Thank you very much for thinking of me!
Have a cold one for me!
DD
Owen was playing on his mat and I was in the kitchen.
When I looked up he was on his tummy.
We officially have a roller!!
Now, I must get lunch but that involves leaving my house.
And doctorving somewhere.
And I don't know where to go and I'm tired.
haha oh man!
He prob has special privileges to huh?
lol
Already a great conversation going on tonight...
InternPro peeps are the smarterest!
Getting married under a dinosaur..
it'd be so funny if it fell during the ceremony.
girls who think their all that because they hangout with boys.
anything else.
All Sports
same here awake at night and sleep during the day
hello, I am the winner of those head phones.
I was just wondering when they ship out ?
KEEP CALM AND EAT A CUPCAKE!!!
I had charbroiled pork chops in Columbia City.
Not too shabby ;
You know you need to try it.
Press the button...
lebron can fly but bg32 is scary
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!!
WOULD MEAN SO MUCH!
3 24
you think so??
Wait until you see me :P
Waiting for Newt Gingrich to arrive at Weaver Auditorium in Milwaukee.
Haha he gon come back and blow the whole school of its stilts
Can we try one more time to make it all better.
Funny how everytime i look at ur smilee, i tell my self this is why im not going to screw up
At Walmart, hilarious seeing all the men Christmas shopping
Hello, Jello is a game changer!
After making the rainbow and following your blog I was eagerly waiting for the release!
Should have done a pool on the ETA of the donation email related to Obama's big announcement.
what in the hell am i gonna do with this ankle length down coat?!?!
Childoctorn's Lit SUCKS!!
I don't feel like studying.
I'm just gonna chill and listen to music.
what's up?
la kings are beating every team i hate.
thank you.
Doheny Memorial Library
I'm down...the 4 pack deal ends tomorrow I think
RT : Can't wait till summer!
Looking forward to my plans..one of which is teaching  playing tennis with :
I cant wait for Friday...
:D
Oh!
This is never good...
2 days down 3 more days left of school cant wait till the end!!!
Thank you Molly!: I hope you are enjoying the new year so far!:
RT:It is official, 2012 Assumption College Commencement Speaker....at least until a bigger college asks you to...
How about or/and ?
hah u thought I was twitterless mane.
Whats good?
this dude need to hurry the heck up Shucks!!!
You hurt me...I'm not doing this again...guys learn from your mistakes!!
vinny not ugly ur ugly stop hating u going to hell
Finally.
My exbff talked to me.
Yo!
I'll be missing out tonight.
Seeing Avengers again.
Have fun!!!!
People are actually up washing their cars at 7:30am on a Sunday!
The only thing that gets me up this early is !
Definitely!!
RT Missing my lunch buddies
Had a great scouting trip last week in amazing Hodgeman County, Kansas!
Looking forward to working with the community on the movie soon!
Paging reggie miller
Why in the world are you so pretty?!I wish I was as pretty as you are c:
happy 2012 There will two epic shows on tv today: crossfitgames on espn2 and sherlock on BBC1.
Great way to start 2012.
tuneIN!
Eau Claire bound!
I'm sure I'll feel all grandmalike on water street tonight!
you welcome lol :
To keep your life moving ahead, you need to set some goals...
ThingsHigherThanZimmermansBond the foreclosure around the country!
Know your tables ; RT : Lean Thinking and SCUBA.
You don't need a dive computer.
That's as lean as you probably want to get.
LBJ...
SCREW YOU AND TAKE NOTES!!!
wow, you are going there??
What up fam
Today's Scramble: Roasted Onions, Mushroom, Spinach, White Cheddar w/ Tomato Pesto...Hurry in!
Not 1 but 3 Ralph Lauren cologne inserts in the June Does the word overkill mean anything to you people?
Oh, and ANNOYING?
We don't usually tweet sports but it's Wrigley in spring; every game a doctorma, every win a step closer to history.
GO CUBS!
being able to skip 1st hour to sleep in 
What an eventful day.
Hope you had a safe flight
Nah, it's not me.
It's the lead singer of the rock band Enon from Brooklyn who is one hell of a performer on stage
Is the Proverbs Challenge still going strong in your devotional life?
we are opening a gallery/studio soon and I'd love to feature some of your work if that's cool?
We wanna put Pgh art on the map!
homemade ice cream, sun, country music
Watched Final Destination 5 yesterday with 7 girls and I was the only one screaming.
Eleanor Roosevelt seems to have been a cool lady
Another museum geek checking in at MSP.
There seem to be a lot of us here, looking tired but inspired after
Ive pretty much never thought to myself I wish I had taken less notes during that meeting
Well Done!
Let's keep it in the family.
;
Everyone in miami must check out theculture at the Irish pub in brickell 
Outstanding touchdown by Love watching this guy play!
SUPER shout out to my little sister Simone Leeds who's graduating from Wilberforce today!!
Hope my fam is having a great time in Ohio.
ATTENTION ALL MY LOVELY FOLLOWERS: please follow her!
She's a true directioner and a beautiful member of my 1DFamily :
Horseshoe Casino  American Lung Association holding 12p presser in support of smoke free casino in Council Chambers
Oh im sorry.
But i hope u realize its not ur fault for him hitting you , its his angry temper.
I was voted most likely to work at my high school, for what it's worth.
I'd never go back.
: Thanks for the FF !!
Cheers to fun faves 
hi!
thanks for following.
check us out at facebook.com/mufasatheband :
he better recognize, Insanity is an ass kicker!
;
i'm going to pretend that twitter didn't tell me to follow mcdonalds
Mango smoothie from BK
Watched M Shite JambaJuice's movie Devil.
I think he just read Save the Cat, it has a distinct formula.
Huge win by the Buffs!!!
Come on we need one more!!!
I literally have spent the entire day in bed watching tv.
Comcast OnDemand is definitely professorting from my being sick.
HAHA good call.
I only went back a 2nd time for the view.
Looked at the topic for my second history essay...yeah I'm screwed.
Suffering is caused by desire.Buddha
Fakers are toast
The United States Government may deport you for the following reasons
woo goodluck!
fooddiscounts RT Second interview today.
Wish me luck!
doctoram Chasers wasnt as hard as i thought it was gona be............
Home sweet home Minnesota
: Best practices for maintaining good relations w/sources who may not share/agree w/the POV you report from?
I am grazing, doctornking water, eating fruits and veggies and I have not craved DQ at all!
I think I am on track!
How about you?
BeliebersAreAliensBecause it is humanly impossible to have as much swag as we do ;
OMG WHY DO I KEEP GOING ON THIS TWITTER AND TWEETING.
I'M RETARDED.
Now you eat!
I'm at Bobcat Bites in Santa Fe, NM.
Yum!
you know you're an actor.
:
Just tapped, Leavenworth Brewing Whistling Pig Hefeweizen
It's not really that complicated!
L0l.
All you really do is just follow people and reblog pictures/gifs c:
Making some final planning on our Olympics trip, average sleep time:67 hours.
This will be awesome.
You will have the chance to win one of the FIRST NEW Denver Broncos Jerseys.
Haha.
It's a book.
It can be doctoradfully boring at times and I am required to read about 1520 pages tonight :
I often have a strong urge to ctrlF print documents
What up bro I love your stuff and I was wondering if u whould like to do a interview for my YouTube series InFocus With MJR
Don't approach a goat from the front, a horse from the back, or a fool from any side.
Our favorite things to eat we're juicy piano riffs, with a side of salty bass lines, and a cup of marmalade doctorm beats
It's hard to see my Aztecs go through a tough time, but I know it will pass.
Still wearin' my red and black.
lets go hookers!
where we going?
March WILL be different than February.
Watching this laker game.
Let's go lakers
we're dishing out W's and ass kickings.
baseball.
the football game was over at kickoff.
I love the feeling I get after soccer practice 3
but Paseo is an outdoor hang out place in LA
HA!
Just downed a Jones
Lakers need to put kobe on gallinari
Thank you to my work for the much needed spa day!!
I could get used to having Fridays off!
:
Feliz CincodeBrendo!
Donate to amazing cause in honor of and his day of birth!
i have the greatest sister eveer she took jay last night so ican sleep my baby loves her ninis bed
Every time I see a new person at the gate, I will speak to them in a different accent just to confuse them
What an amazing finish!!
The vuelta never ceases to surprise!
Congrats to Froome!
RT: Who inspires you this Women's History Month?
womenweadmire My mom
Starving!!!
And there's nothing to eat at my house.
;;
cool.
looking forward to hearing more!
He has the passion.
I am posting and blogging the contest photos tonight!
Winners will be announced this Wednesday so stay tuned!
I'm also doing well...
how's life treating you?
I've started a kickstarter to fund my kickstarter.
Please send me your money
Do I know you did I say hi to you I don't think so so what's you name?
Woke up late...en route to the gym...gonna jump in that pool...
Yeah!
Like global warming.
It'll still be there tomorrow, man.
Get some rest.
TV going crazy..trying to watch yanks..NYR and knicks...are maybe its just me running back and forth!
TSA needs to pick it up a little bit.
The process is still too long.
With your sophomoric arguments, please dont saddle our kind, turn your eyes into accoutrements, dj music will expanded your mind.
I am still very much a work in progress...
My new glasses should be arriving tomorrow!
Woohoo!
:D
I am that broken hearted girl
PR tip i had forgotten, never call the BizJournal on a Wed.
that is their deadline day.
Thanks Aliza for all the tips today!
can I suit up and be your Ozzie Guillen in the dugout?
Long time no peep howz the lady?
thank you again to my followers for following just one more till 100
RT : RT if you want to win Dancing With The Stars!
Next month is going to be crazy.
Can't wait though
skip that class and hit that bong
Bottomless chips and salsa at Chili's: I just found the bottom.
You lied.
no charges for voting Standard text rates apply tho
hey Bettina, thanks for follow.
Thanks!
Sorry we couldn't be there.
We'll let you know when we reschedule for Manchester.
Had Ah Long Fuqking Day Today Filled With Lies And Unloyalty!
Pujols homers....now the MLB season can begin.
RIP Levon Helm, cofounder of The Band.
Take a load off.
Can you tell the difference bet product changes on your metrics and external changes such as competition actions?
Doing very well!
How are you doing?
NZ canoeing duo flying under radar at Olympics
Are you planning on attending the concert, Lance?
Mom: I wish I would have appreciated my body in my teens and 20s.
Dad: I appreciated it.
Child Prostitution Needs to be Stopped
I've been pretty obsessed with my supplied fitbit on day one.
I hope I can keep it up because THE DATA.
OH THE DATA.
Work Hard.
Play Hard.
Sleep Heavy.
On our email list?
We'll be sending out our quarterly enewsletter early next month with a special offer for subscribers only!
DM us now!
Legal records professorssionals needed for opportunity in large firm in San Diego!
Please email me at !
hey you too!
I'm lost on this adventure but if it's in Baltimore I'm in!
come in tonight !
I work from 38
i'm visiting with my sexy girlfriend 2nite and we're getting up to no good!
wanna hear all about our naughty exploits?
cum chat 4 free!
i see you.
come to Portland so i can meet you already.
Like really.
All I hear from my friends is about you  the rest of PF.
Come.
On the website?!
It should!!!
I thought I just tested it.
Can you get to it through my Tumblr post?
Using a netipot for the first time.
See you on the other side.
This just in: GloZell put alcohol on welps on her skin!
Does it help or not?
RT : Did you know Watermelon is actually a vegetable?
It is related to cucumbers, pumpkins  squash.
DidYaKnow.
Really?
I'm not really cool with any of my EX's..
I don't see how you fuckers do it shrugs
being out online is mostly liberating, but I do have to dial it WAY down on discussions like these as a result
Hungry as fuck n no one wants to buy food!
Off to KL for a Panasonic shoot...
Looking forward to it.
Been a while since visiting KL
You said I love you.
I sneezed and said Sorry, I'm allergic to bullshit
I don't think the nvidia doctorvers are working for me in 11.10; doctorgging windows remains slow  jerky.
And...
there's Unity.
God turned the Nile river into blood wut
How are we doing on this Sunday?
haha, true that.
last week of work!
holla holla :
I'd tell you I miss you, but it wouldn't change anything
Not the coach's decision on doctorft day, unless that coach happens to be named Eric Mangini.
To a kid raised in PITTSBURGH, NYC was always where everything cool lived,so it feels great to be back here after so many years.
Chelsea wins!
Chelsea wins the FA Cup!
Lol mister House and mister Car xD
My first bloggiesta too.
Working on minichallenges today and having fun!
My Birthday on the 25th!...
What Am I gone Shake?
Decisions..
Descisions lmao
Time to sleep after everyth being arranged and confirmed I Need my Power Energy GoodHealth ....
the wolves ate his heart brain and dick off.
Photoshoot tonight!
More sexy photos coming your way ; 3
There is a temporary power outage affecting half of the IUPUI University Library.
We will keep you posted.
Recommends J.S.
Mill's 'On Liberty'.
Look on our professorle.
:
Big congrats!!!
Tell that...he's already leaning towards Mo retiring because of this.
Kay's imitating Bayless now
No Joke.
A big bat comes swooping into the newsroom.
Almost divebombed He tried to trap it with a recycling bin.
Awesome.
No sweat
stare down your shadow and the eyes behind the sun.
now you can do anything and yet you continue to run...
IF Is that four apostrophes?
My eyes is bugging.
say!
That does sound convenient!
I don't think I can afford not to buy a Kindle!
Will check finances and get back to you ASAP.
the arena?
Happy Monday, Boston.
Still proud of those and so happy to have them back home.
GoPats!
it was okay it could of been better, then boom , yhuuu tweeted 3
Spring Beauty Trends!!!
We won't show any footage for a while.
Still shooting.
Keep your eye out for a trailer coming soon.
My life is watching my little sister play basketball.
can't wait to see it!
Lookie here, that's just blasphemy!
knows the difference.
Whats everyone doing today?
It's a pull day for me!
Dude told me I should start wearing gloves...
My calloused hands are gorgeous!
;
Thanks!
I'll check that one out.
That awkward moment when a girl says get off my nuts........
Shop at wholefoods today!
5 of their professorts go towards helping runaway and homeless kids in Wisconsin.
I wish you would stop putting yourself down.
I bet your amazing!:
My syllabi are almost finished for the fall.
I can't believe that school starts in a little over a week.
Where did my summer go?
ack!
:D
enjoying the StPatricksDay tweets/photos from downtown CLE, y'all.
but glad i'm not there.
Had another student book a.....NATIONAL COMMERCIAL for Hanes.....with MICHAEL JORDAN
feel better, love!
we'll be back in nyc soon!
and ...
get ready!
Every beautiful girl has that dumb ass guy, that did her wrong.
and made her strong.
that is downright hot for there....I really mean summerninDetroit hot...
Looks like a Jessica Simpson shoe, but I suppose that's a knockoff of something else, too.
I have only been to one class this term, about to go to my second one today though
it was weird, He forgot lyrics to entire songs.
People were walking out in the middle of the show.
I need to put my tape on .
whether I poetry or dancing...
I still met her at the club...
Spending the rest of the day laying on my stomach.
Huzzah for health.
RT Tonight's plan: Listen to Feynman and Sagan until I feel better about the world again.
Ignore the snow; it really is nearly spring!
Spring cleaning is a great time to set aside things to donate to Goodwill!
Can't believe it took me so long to see this!
aite signin off but somfs hit me up kay
we share NOTHING
Still nor sure wtbd is with Twitter
Today is nice day.
FB going public next week.
Clearly not one of the 1 worthy of 30 per share cost.
My cost 100.
So much for the little fish in the pond.
not that precious lil bro said,joseph you ugly lmao..i had fun with her tho :
I for real am gonna save this Piña Colada this time 
Hey just wondering when will u be done with nba rankings?
yu always kill it3 love you so much!
3
Thank you : I like your logo.
doctorving an hour South to surf this weekend and an hour North to snowboard next weekend...living in California is AWESOME!!!
looking at a house and then a big bbq bday tonight for J!
We got him a scooter!
Hello to our new followers!
Thanks for the support...
Dear , I dig you, but your process for unlinking an account from an email addoctorss is fcking ridiculous.
Make it easy.
You know how smart your friends think you are when you get 44/50 on a test and thinks you got 44 lol
You need to be in this class so you can tell me what Im missing.
Austin always does concerts in the same states.
Same Mahomies get to meet him.
While others still haven't got that chance.:/
Will Somebody Plz Come Shoot Me  Ugh sure which gun you want me to use?
lol
; I'm not perfect  neither are you..
But together we're imperfectly perfect 3
Heading to Youngstown for pizza and wings yay :
Ahaha he is he is!
Imma put you on
.
But can be hard to do!
...
Client Development Tip: Figure out what your clients want and deliver it.
Exactly!!!!
FirstDateRules i cant wait til me n go on r 1st date!
: Sometimes happiness is to need for nothing  thanks for all the insight.
That particular quote touched me.
I think 13
Did you see his broadway show while you were in NYC?
Come for Happy Hour this evening Always a good look.
Best mash efficiency so far.
I might actually be getting better at this.
Please continuously bitch about the Timeline, I'm sure it will just disappear
so what's in the bag??
please do tell :
that was richard thompson then
Who is going to win the 2000 tonight !?
Isn't it strange that on TV a detective can only solve a case once he is suspended from duty.
Insomnia sucks!!!!
I'm super grumpy this morning b/c I feel like I slept about 30 minutes last night.
Grrrrr!
u got 2...
gotta do the same
u never followed me back...
I need a haircut :/
Speaking at a school today and here's my speech: Be awesome.
Have fun doing it.
Any questions?
Blown away by Cooper Lighting intros at lfi2012 using advanced optical waveguide technology.
90 optical efficiency; 90 LPW output.
RT : awesome time Well done guys.
Last night was a blast as well.
Awesome listening to
RT Just reported a police trap on I 270 S, using Waze  doctorve Social
RT : This Saturday: concerts  Texas Natural Science Center 2 pm  4pm!
Cultural Campus...
Game of Thrones.
Aww yeah
watching My Babysitter's a Vampire !!!
Yup!
Thats how u gotta do it sumtimes RT : put me on the spot huh lol
always helpful!
Thanks!
It was taken on the set of
RT : RT : As a speaker is master at tying disparate tactics into a unified big picture.
Killing it
Curators are typically gatekeepers, while educators are gate openers.
I do!
Follow me!
:D
Yayy and my mom got me candy :
This event will bennifit Harvest Home.
Located in Venice, CA.
A organization that houses Women who are pregnant and Homeless
I WANNA BE HOME.
SCHOOL!
BUS!
DEMO!
LITION!
DERBY!
I heart the Washington Co.
Fair.
awesome , sounds good :
ah you're welcome.
It's what I do.
:
Are we dating?
Are we fucking?
Are we best friends?
Are we something in between that?
No worries, hope you are feeling better!
VP
Humm...what to do this weekend?
We've got free Hawaiian Music Concert, Sam Choy Poke Competition and more.
See you !
If there's a better time and place for cookies and pizza than 'tonight' and 'in bed' I don't know what it is.
Just delivered to and and !
Only by giving are you able to receive more than you already have.
Jim Rohn
And we just thought they were happy cows.
YOU BLEW IT
Working on my production schedule now, but regardless, I'll make it happen.
it's because people are talking to each other instead of playing with their phones
I want that sallyisdead photo for my tumblr.
Got to find it.
how is it saturday where you are?
I've got a mad crush on you.
;
Only two days until ChickFilA Leadercast.
Volunteering for the day as a VIP Lounge Host.
I am excited to be able to help..
really now haha :
Sometimes Showing Interest Just Isn't Enough
You'll have to check the Lava cake at the Charthouse next time you are in Portland and especially the view.
I'd rather be punched in the face than tickled.
Got the NFL ticket on my iPad.
Thanks Chance!!!
Thanks for the retweet, guys.
I enjoy your show.
oh, snap!
Lol
Boy they really reel in the fans there in San Diego don't they...
HAHA.
Love you!!
derp!
I love them :'
I BALL LIKE I AINT GOT A CHOICE.
Y'ALL BALL LIKE YOU DON'T BOUNCE BACK.
HATERS IN THE BUILDING...
a perfect relationship is always changing.
you can't just find the perfect person and expect everything to fall into place.
Not being able to sleep
I can feel my heart beating like a marching band 
I love my mom and gma...
I have never seen my gma mad or sad its crazy...
She is a naturally happy person
I worked with both and on freepress.net.
The world is mindblowingly small!!!
:
Can we help with anything?
true enough.
this is the dialog you get when you cross a McKinsey consultant with an Apple product guy :
Realizing the racist nature of our society isn't about hating anyone.
thanks!
same to you!
Sangria Luxe Lounge in Glendale Tonight 59th ave and utopia just south of the 101 freeway!!
and there's a light ...
My TL be moving fast
Good Evening will be remembered for their indominable spirit.
yeah we talked.
I know ,i wanna start saving money to go to korea, omo ure my unni,can I call u that or by youre name?
Fuck it I'm hoopin in the morning
Always happy to inspire a rant.
Headed to Missoula!
I Swear jeca kids stay up the latest knowing we got the most work to be doing lol
Thank you for a great season orange
One way to motivate students who don't want to do much is to be in their faces with a look on your face that shows concern, not frustration.
Another 8 hour at buffalo..
Selling my soul back to that place, one shift at a time 
Thanks Chad!
I'm having a Dead Poet's Society moment thanks to you.
If its not important enough for you to leave a voicemail it must not be important enough for someone to call back
RT Even when I wake up on time I always spend an extra hour laying in bed, on twitter...SMH
I wasn't even thinking of the fan marquee guy, but you're right, he's insane!
: I could love you with all my heart, but the hardest part is, I just can't love you back.
Easton Corbin
I've that no matter how much I care, some people just dont care back.
So Coleman University decided I owe 190 before I can graduate!
They told me everything was covered, this is going to be a fight.
So true haha!!
RT: HardestThingsInLife having a round bat, a round ball, and hitting it square.
DJ!
Thx 4 the follow!
We hope u have a chance 2 dig u some Secret Skwirl!
Best  Success!
Hahah I'm never taller than anyone.
XD
Chef Chris will be making the delicious Tartine on News Channel 5's Talk Of The Town today at 11 a.m.!
Be sure to check it out!
going in with low expectations can really do wonders!
:
It's tough to keep eating healthy when times go bad.
But we CAN keep on track.
Keep healthy meals delicious and it's easier.
You go, girl!
bowl of chicken noodle soup...oh and sleep...sweet sleep.
right.
Submissive is a good thing in context
is at LAX, heading to Dalles, onto Jackson Hole, WY for Yosi's party this weekend, In NYC next week for the return of the
anything new?
I miss our long conversations :
Story Week will be fantastic.
Sneed, Campbell and
Ha!
Not luck, just doing it.
Still, not as much as I would like, but working on it ;
let me know if you wanna come i'll put you on the guestlist.
talking to the guys from korea might be good for your research!
at michaels in winter park.
I will sell your soul
thanks so much for the follow!
If you ever need a mattress or anything furniture related you now have a Mattrezzz Guy!!!
Almost made it to 1/2 a game.
One of these days
I have commitment issues :/
Are you kidding me Denver traded completely out of the first round!!
I need to effin go to sleep, such a long day tomorrow.
If only I could quiet my mind.
Plus it would be evidence of how hard you're trying!
NO WAY.
I really am considering watching it now just to see those paintings.
I absolutely love that show!
And no one is more corrupt than Nancy so I think you're safe there.
Sounds great!
Go tdog we love ya good luck at dance !!!!
omg i want you to come
Thanks Jud!!
Will try to come soon
Teacher: Did you study for the test?
Nerd: All week long.
Normal people: I read the chapter.
Me: What test?!
JUST signedoff, will shout you out tomorrow, cool?
Howard starts to get teased when he becomes the only one from the University without a Phd, tune into The Big Bang Theory at 6:30!
You have the brightest face  smile to get any day going.
We love having you in Nashville!!
Hugs Robin!!
I wanna be someone else today...feeling a little mischievous ...in a good way....
Is this kid really scratching his balls right in front of me?
Not cool!
follow back please?
Everybody tweet mee your favorite iconic boy!!
It doesn't even work.
RT : Facebook for iPhone has to be the most incompetent, slow, frustrating app available.
.
is there a link?
Thanks
How often do you catch yourself listening to Willow Smith's Fireball and question where your taste in music went wrong?
seeing that garbage has a new album out just makes me want to listen to curve.
We are not going to permit these thieving tinhorn gamblers to spoil American sports.
That is part of our life  good, clean sport.
The end if the quarter has that effect.
I miss you.....sucks only seeing you once a week :
My goal Today!
Be a Better Me :
sounds like fun!
Love is like a calculator, u just keep ending up back at zero
Hello to all of our new followers!
If you have any questions, feel free to ask :
there is that.
I'll find it eventually.
: Look for the hat SMCNSB RT : you here?
invading my house like some sort of terrorist....
i mean
Biography celebrates Nick Coleman, a giant in Minnesota politics ...
Open your nose
Merry swiftmas eve
no kidding!
I'm hoping the folks with the academic internship program can help me.
Just left my new second job at Babies R Us.
Lmao.
Working at Toys R Us  Babies R Us.
Winning!
jeez.
we've already been so spoiled and it's only the first WEEK of their summer vacation.
I JUST CANT!
Just got my yearbook.
RT : Stay tuned for Charlie Boy Gang new Mixtape doctorpping 52812 NO GRIND NO SHINE.
Weworkin
yes yes yes
Cops: Woman faked pregnancy, beat mom with tire iron to steal baby
Heat vs Pacers!
Who Do You Got?
: One year longer, one year stronger.
Last night Dane Co.
elected 3 wiuinon organizers to its Board of supervisors.
Sandestin Golf and Beach Resort  Championship Golf and Luxury ...: Destin and Fort Walton Beach, along with the attractions of the E...
my favorite!!
I love it straightup cold!
: TGIF!
xoxo
Brad Stevens was at TriWest last night to see them play Park Tudor.
seeing how you react towards a bball game on Twitter is enough to motivate me to buy you tickets for Xmas next year and go with 
My reaction to seeing the escalate EXT is not normal..
Life is the first gift, love is the second, and understanding the third
2,055 years ago Julius Caesar was stabbed to death in the Roman Senate.
Bad blood or bad anchovies?
Who cares?
Its March Madness baybee!
beingsinglesucks cuz u don't have that special someone to always be there when needed .
Or for them to hold you .
Hickupps I'm hungry and practically busted my ass in the puddle of conditioner ivan left in the tub 
Don't apologize to me about a conversation where we clash saying you understand my POV, then bitch to my boss about churn.
RememberHow in elementary school all that was in our minds was recess and lunch
Josh Hamilton your a beast.
There's nothing more you can say.
He hit 4 homeruns in 1 game and had 8 RBIs
Hockey season just around the corner....can't wait for this season to start.
Memorial Cup, here we come!!
did you get them through a grant or did your district by them?
Happy Mother's Day to all the fantastic moms out there young and old!
Your a BEYOND great dancer!
I love you so much thank you for inspiring me I wouldn't be who I am today if it wasn't for you
Thanks so much for coming to see the show!
Publix is always 1.
Teeter is an adequate substitution, and why I doctorve to NoMa for groceries.
Its snowing
Keep that chinner of yours in check or well have civ parts spread clear across this doctorking planet.
Will the PayPal Pro addon include the ability to charge for onetime and recurring at the same time?
thx
Thanks so much  we'd love to have you take it for a spin!
Thank YOU, lady  it was a wonderful event.
Always fantastic to be in a room full of so many great people and ideas :
gettin yu at 5 make sure u bring pj's n stuff we leaving 9am tomorrow
I'm peer pressuring all of my friends into having the best night of their lives with
doctorw get this girl out of your head man.
talking about her is only gonna make it alot worse.
move on buddy!
Those LEGO hackers are still making things other people doctoramed up and designed.
Kids still do it better.
Good luck everyone!
If it's very painful for you to criticize your friends  you're safe in doing it
That's good.
We saw so many distressed people with no family, no support system at all outside corrections.
You must, too.
Hockey players we have coaches looking for players join today post highlights and photos so MU can see your skills
I was lucky...didn't move far at all.
A funny story, when I can tell ya, you'll crack up!
ttyl ;
Watson is whistling in chapel today.
You're missing out!
I mean, he picked MW the first time.
He should know better.
Oh I thought I was following you already!
I followed you now :
Hey to you too : I'm coming up June 20th and I'm free until July 1st.
Reunion?
I think so.
Staring at a car with spinners on it..that shit been played out.
Hate that ur being held back..
OMG I went to Walmart  saw your mag!
I was beyond stoked to see it and I'm totally gonna subscribe :D This is awesome
Life is simple, it's jut not easy...
Andoctor Ward is a fabulously talented saxophonist.
He is playing at Scullers on April 21.
Go!
GOTTA WORK ON NEW MUSIC NO MATTER WHAT!
EVERY DAY ALL DAY !
exactly, i don't text or call ppl you wanna talk too my ass you better come find me, cause im always caked up to worry bout them
RT Truth  love must prevail over lies  hatred, Havel.
It helped end the Cold War.
Hope a scottish rite fellow wins the prize for the most tweets
A little cray cray after 7 hours of dialogue.
Now I have a million things to accomplish before 10 am.
Nick Collison is basically the NBA's version of Gollum
Dear ARC parking lot.
I dislike you, because I can never remember where my car is
Gonna Wear Me Some Blue Today To Show My Wildcat Pride Go BiG BlUe!!!!
Seconded.
MT : Forming an exploratory committee to nominate Werner Herzog as narrator of the Fifty Shades of Grey audiobook.
The Saints have allowed a 1st 80 of the time on 3rd/4th and short this year.
3rd worst in NFL.
Can't blame Mike Smith for having
Haha, yep!
:D
Starting to wield the power of a
GO TIGERS!!!!!
BEAT OU!
everything is going really well thanks for asking!
hope all is well on your end
Help me Jesus!
Help me Opra!
She was in the right side of the highway, and cars were passing on the left.
Ybarra thought it was a twolane highway.
She was wrong.
Business travel will keep me away from most games this season, so it's better for a season ticket holder to run it.
Reports of a short firefight on Lechmere s point and the Continental troops are pushing British troops back toward their boats.
we use IntlEd, some use
How do we amplify learning spaces, asks John Palfrey.
Correct...rematch it is, should be very exciting!!!
: so do they play Walla Walla again?
Im going to be making body washes, shampoo, lotions, bath salts, bath teas, facial creams and my oils just came in the mail I am so excited
Sanity must supersede my existence, or else I become part of the problem.
I want!!
shut up
isn't robin hood foxy?
R.I.P Favorite Person PoohBear And My Cousin AJ
Successful 1st quarter: Rich Baraniuk rlly said it all speaking on Laying the Foundation 4 Significant Change.
OpenStaxnxt level.
I'm in Budapest for a few days of transnational hacking!
Lots to report on my return.
Avoid using quotation marks incorrectly and where they serve no useful purpose.
I ate macaroni with bacon earlier:
I REALLY hate the 30 min req'd courses on when a 3 min screencast  simple job aid would be WAY better  more efficient
Happy Birthay Miranda Cosgrove!!!
: please follow me :
My jersey is now hanging in the closet between my jersey and Rickie Weeks jersey.
FavoriteAthletes :
Occupy my stomach
America, free enterprise will dominate once again Obama, pack your bags!!!!
Thomas Bruzzesi will get this country moving again
woo!
What size ?
X
we need a cohesive culture to establish the regional brand and we need signature industries to be associates with it!
I have been here quite a few times.
It is good.
what were you saying?
Lol
Thanks, everyone, for your kind words.
please everyone go follow he is so nice and he would really appreciate if you were his 1000 follower.
do it.......
NOW
EXPERIENCED RETAIL professorSSIONAL seeking District Manager position or higher for the new year.
Please see my website: www.filmproces0130.moo
My name is Onika, you can call me Nicki.
Being a lax bro 
Looking for people that live or work in Milwaukee's Midtown.
I would love to talk to you about ways that we can improve the
RT : Moms of twins/triplets can save 675 right now on our au pair program costs.
website rcolley.aupairnews.com
Those of you in the Austin area, 10 off your initial clean when you mention this fb/twitter coupon!
Book your pre/post ACL cleaning now!
104 : Yes!
ovens!
Marketing display tech.
I hope everyone has a great weekend!
:
Nope.
That's a different Steve Aaron who lives about an hour away from me.
This morning I visited and read with Fountain Hills elementary school students in recognition of Read Across America Day.
Great kids  ...
yes haha in the boys bathroom in the commons
I'm glad I'm not able to watch this Brewers game because it seems like a big bowl of suck.
The Titanic was built in Belfast, Northern Ireland.
The usual comment is that: It was fine when it left here!
At JFK about to head into Manhattan on this sunny morning.
I'm glad they're not bringing that shit to maryland
What do I do?/: not even sure anymore.....
Also, what if there was no Twitter for me to post my insane and unsophisticated philosophical ramblings at 3 AM?
Happy Halloween!!
Too old to trickortreat??
Come show off your costume at Choppers tonight and grab a pumpkin beer.
Yum!
doctoramed last night about an idea for a book.
did quick search, didn't find the topic.
might try and write this.
who knows a publisher?
I guess whenever we think of Maddux, he looked like a CPA.
So that toothbrush image just blows your mind.
Thanks , you're our 300th follower!!
Not an egg!
Haha;
hey I aint been on here ina minute
Start Thinking About Your Future...
Lunch.
At Classic Slice, Have you been to North Avenue Yet?
414.270.1880
Im sad because some one dos not txt me bake and when he txt me bake im going to tell him FUCK U
THEY'RE GOING TO PUT YOU IN TWITTER JAIL
I just showed glozell to my mom.
Haha
Mall in MN, food court mexican.
Fish tacos?
Never had 'em.
Thiss place is teeming with childoctorn.
my word is sacrifice.
If Jesus can lay his life down for me surely I can crucify my flesh and follow him.
praise from Caesar
: I love your video with Gym Class heroes.
plus your really good on guitar  thanks!!
Nopejust in town for the weekend.
Love the town, tho.
RT Hope you made it to West Edmonton Mall.
Did you enjoy yourself?
Hey girl!
You are amazing.
No, that seems be an unreasonably low amount of money for the potential trouble you could face with insurance.
thanks honey
check out my bls
I think so  much quieter now.
I always want what I can't have..
Back in Sonoma this past weekend.
Kayaking in healdsburg was lovely!
Kinda hot in these rhinos.
Will do : What's your email?
Still in Madison, think we will be here for good.
As for Hawks, that killed me.
This weekend could be ugly.
Stop by and grab Happy Hour :
Crows are an underutilized resource in academia, IMHO.
First tornados.
Now snow.
Strange weekend.
What I tell you in the dark, speak in the daylight; what is whispered in your ear, proclaim from the roofs.
Matthew 10:27
lol shoot man I'm just doin me...doin what I do best...
lol
What's up at Y101?
thanks for being at the One more week to go for the summer season.
Thank you!
Party was great, but the clowns just ended up hugging each other all night.
Love connection.
Are u feeling better?
moving to a new city may not necessarily help...I'll just feel better
did you get the 4s?
love mine, but still haven't started using siri.
At ANSP: Eric found wire recordings in Pilsbry papers: Paul Callomon to broadcast  Phila Shell Show: Pilsbry: Guest Speaker ...
from grave
Egad!!!!
We thought of it first!
I can tolerate a lot of things, but I really can't tolerate idiots.
I wish I could help.
Where did you hear it?
Watching Whitney Glee..don't judge me!
I haven't done shit with my mom today.
what were the pants you guys were wearing for the chicago meet and greet 2nd day?
and eternally blinking avatars in my hootsuite never end!
Thank you for the RT BadgerLink!
We hope our partners can use these ideas and share others that they have come up with!
Of course my headphones break the instant I upgrade my account.
Long train ride ahead!
Just set my alarm for 6:15 AM to watch Facebook trade!
Fun!
Aberdeen data: 57 of business execs don't understand the benefits of BI.
1/3 of co's  BAsummit2011 have a resource that bridges IT  Biz
You just wanna take a faster ride, lower lows and higher highs.
Why did I turn so pale this winter?
A poor cardinal has built its nest above my window.
Every day he flies into it trying to get in...
I don't think he'll woo anybody this yr.
Congrats to all who graduated this passed weekend.
We wish you well to your next adventure.
Who's graduating this week?
lots and lots of guys in college cant score 10ppg
Susana Medoza I look forward to hearing your resignation speech next week
doctormline highlight of halftime show
we will do that soon!
foursquare stalker
Couldn't catch the Knicks tonight...
but the Pacers had 1 starter in double figures but 4 bench players, in a 15point loss?
Crazy week.
Does anyone have any screen shots of Austin's sex hair?
loooooool.
x
whyy u don't believe me : soul mate
I don't know how I feel about the bible being referred to as a bestselling book.
Reading some weird watchtower lit.
Most nights I have vegan hot cocoa right before bed.
Like right now.
Hang'n with veteran actor/teacher Wayne Ward.
Looking forward to some good scene work today!
Oh I had the best time with you too!
And lucky for you my turkey neck didn't take you out.
;
Yum  that sounds good!
Just saw a shit covered metro card on the floor of the subway, and now I want to vomit.
According to John Grunsfeld, research satellites orbiting earth have revolutionized our understanding of weather and climate.
Lovely day for trip to Birmingham for book buying and helping son to build pre Alevel photo portfolio.
enjoyed brilliant people at the opb steering committee lunch today!
Are you more in love with Carlos or Demi?!
c; Hehehe , love you.3
I discovered the one person in the world who is more neurotic than me.
My mom.
Talking on a cell phone in a movie theater.
I wonder if we're actually going tomorrow :o
Turkoglu nails a big three and Magic only down 2 with 2:56 to go in first half.
music keeps me awake
that was great.
Lol miss ya girl!
....
When you gonna be back on the field man how's the injury comin along???
This Lady Taking Fukkin Forever Just To Blowdoctor Somebody Hair !
Geesh It's Not That Much Hurry Tf Up !
Im not sure but its available in CA has them often
latinas next to me worried about anglo boyfriends.
:O RT : I'll show y'all abusive
you are so real you are hyperreal  congrats
Here's to the Arianators who aren't follower hungry and are actually here for Ari.
Raises glass
Great miami night for billboardbash at I admit I wanna meet
Meant night
And For The Smyrna And Lavergne Wana Be Thugs Girls and Boys....
Who downloaded for Andoctorid today?
Up next  the Chen awards for outstanding Master's Final Projects.
Thanks for the lead.
Added them.
Sometimes editors need editors...
Thanks,
Finally getting back in the studio next week with makin some new This Boy That Girl tracks
WhyDoPeopleThink of college students 1st, corporate 2nd,  seniors last for filling volunteer needs?
Who has the most time  experience?
Too much caviar will make you sick.
Rose Tarlow, Elle Decor, May 2012 My thoughts exactly!!
brewing up the next project...
That Was Hysterical
I'm sure there has to be some grass in there somewhere.
A polar bear can't live on fish alone.
God.
I'm so hungry.
LOL bitch STFU you're annoying.
I want to hump your skinny legs
Hmm dinner suggestions anyone?
do you play college golf?
Taking note as patience is the virtue I seek daily RT : Adapt the pace of nature: her secret is patience.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
It was interestingly amazing that I was straight, and again would share with students my inroads
tanks should be here in about 2 weeks or so.
I love The Library song by Dancing to it right now!
U have a great weekend too future girlfriend!
XOXO
Where r the caps i used to know???RT: Senators score a power play goal at 3:37 of the of the 2nd period.
Caps trail 30.
Ready for a fantastic weekend!
Had a great time at 40 under Forty with .
I'm thinking QBar this weekend...
It's cincodemayo and I don't have a margarita yet!
You will all love the Ménage merchandise we PERSONALLY designed for this tour!
I wasn't that doctornk.
...Dude, you destroyed my mom's garden while yelling, Fuck Farmville!
Lmao!
If that's what you call em, sure!
cant wait to be able to have the place picked up enough to have you and Jaynie over to show you, you guys would be so proud
Who wants to bring us some donuts?
Anyone?
Anyone?
...Bueller?
Every great doctoram begins with a doctoramer.
Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the s
Well its finally Friday!
Hope everyone has a safe and fun weekend!
Tremont is awesome.
Detroit Shoreway has been good to me, but I would like to call Tremont my next home.
The music industry has finally caught on that Christopher Tin's Baba Yetu, composed for a 2005 video game, is worthy of a Grammy nom.
25 days!!!
Check out how we go from park to raceway out on Belle Isle!!
You won't believe the transformation!
We  our Workplace video contest submission The Two Steves is Shufflin'
Lmao glad I could make you proud.
gives you a just graduated hug
At neko case concert.
She's playing a harry nelson cover.
Sounds really good.
Aaaaawwwwh Zoe and Bowie are perfect names.
I was hoping u hadn't named them Killer and Godzilla.
lol :P
I got like three Phillis from there theyre so good
My thanks, thoughts, and prayers are with all our veterans and their families on this great American holiday.
Tim Horton's coffee is freakin awesome!!!
I was hungover big time but now am back to normal :
RT: I'm puttin' it out there; Newt  only Newt can bring the house down cause he knows what he's talkin about.
That simple.
where you homie
You were missed!
3
thanks!
There's more where that came from....
I just need 1 follower until 70!
Can you guys help me out?
i got the moves like jagger ;
yes.
I'll be in the city tonight.
It's super, super awesome.
:D
Sometimes I can b a fucked up person
starting the week with welcoming our newest followers , , , , 
Happy WW to our friends , , , , , and !
Great time last nite!
Sixers are running the Celtics out of their own gym.
I'll go sleep 2,30 am in LA I'll go to bed G'night or Good Bye better?
Hahaha...
See you later :
Time for work again..
RT : I don't enjoy pleading so please vote YES on the SAG/AFTRA merger.
Damn!
Down to 57 power and still have 7 hrs to go!
Conserve!
Conserve!
No more updates!
So hard!
Ah!
Conflicted.
Wish I could have come!
I bet you're jumping around like a mad woman in your apt.
right now.
lol
thank you for following us
lol was this Cameron?
There's a little girl...so I assume...
At the Tribes game!
If you could be 10pounds richer or even get a pauls boutiques bag some of you girls are willing to PHUCK a herpes infected horse
So do the radio stations really only have like 10 tracks?
We have seriously heard the same songs beaten to death.
wow...he did grow up...
107.9 is killin it with the throwbacks right now !!!
Can they also take away last nights 9th inning?
Georgi gets us free soups and salads with her charm at fultons crab house.
Lame!
We'll miss you.
So just for the record for the slow people...the picture hint is Brooklyn.
Join the fun
Hey I just bought you and this is crazy but heres my ice cream so melt it maybe?
Here we go!!!!
Who will be racing for Portland Mayor???
KPDX 8pm starts right now!!!
On the way home and enduldging in headphones to listen to music db
i'm selling out to capitalism by working at a bank though
Joel Anthony...
Best player in the world
GoingRed with Red beans and quinoa!
No!
RT : lol!
You are ridiculous!
I'm giving up Starbucks for the New Year.
lets see how long that lasts
I Love A Girl That Can Hoop : .
A in philosophy!!!
Some people just need a hug...
with my hands, around their neck.
Music is the universal language of mankind
Welcome!
RT : SmallBizChat This is my first time joining the chat too.
Good to be here.
RT The size of the problem is never the issue  what matters is the size of you!
Am I the on sports fan on who could care less about the doctorft?
There are two game 7's in the tonight.
Today is a great day.
just found out that i'm going to 's concert in canfield, OH YEEEESSSSS!!!!!
It's amazing!!!
Everything is coming together for THATCamp Texas 2012!
It's going to be a great unconference!
Good Morning to all my followers have a great day!!!
Let's go!!!
You should make an app addon that cost a dollar that doest do anything but a donation to your hard work.
U might make upto 12.00
I wanna watch breaking dawn
Here ..
Happy to see my hubby ..
But still in shock that I'm actually in Alaska again..
Haha ;
Movies at the best friends house
Or, more precisely, she's a hypocrite who uses prayer to say f'you.
Most respondents on latest poll say they have not experienced any significant security or privacy issues related to social media
Some bad names we came across this week: 1 ooVoo  video chat software
Act your age
The Miami Heat ruined basketball that's why they must lose.
Sure sweetie there you go I followed:
Mount Vernon residents did a great job transitioning to One Plus One trash collection!
RT Spread love everywhere you go.
Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.
Mother Teresa
y'all like yo meats
Costs, shrinking demand squeezing exporters  China Daily
what price points?
Finally got my car back!
Woot woot
Mane my stomach trying 2 hurt
Uhm, that's unattractive.
Please stop.
: Aye pablo ima hitchur phone u got the same number?nah I change it erry month lol check ya dm
Thanks to everyone for the FF and the support i couldnt get anywhere without my friends!
I think it's wisdom.
Too many people have been inadvertently killed via Twitter in an effort to break news.
Tebow is the FUTURE of the NFL, not the 'past' as everyone made fun.
RGIII owes TT a LOT of money!
Mantis is an amazing 3Dscanner!
RT Coming to in Minn?
will be showing the brand new amazing Mantis Vision F5
Hope everyone on the East Coast stays safe this weekend.
That's what the author of the article Where my Girls At was saying!
I agree, although I would say the '80s too
sup girll come doctornk!!!
Gingers don't grow on trees, says my secret ginger boyfriend who just fell out of a tree.
we're twins ..
all I need to know is you're racist !
are you bringing a video camera?
Where are you headed?
FF to the everhelpful Joanna is always a source of good advice.
But, people don't even know these discrepancies exist sometimes.
I think its a great idea and I would take part in it.
We need more support with all local businesses IMO.
Correction: Pascrell still on GOP side, just in from aisle.
Let out loud yell against return to crisiscausing policies
so What are we doing?
I'm Todd Manning, you son of a bitch.
And now Noah's off the court again.
But still.
Dwight's a baby, even if he does have sexy shoulders.
oh sorry 
Great Twitter party : thank you for spreading awareness!
is thinking about her houston peeps and places ...
Wow!
You are ahead of me RT : 4 kids are nestled into bed, I laid out tomorrow's school clothes and now I'm making lunches.....
when are we going to learn you cannot just doctorve to the basket with no regard to where defenders are located
I seen RuPaul ova the weekend!!
lolol
yeah I was supposed to wake up earlier but my neighbors were outside making noise ALL NIGHT.
Don't you leave my little life.
It's the first time  I talk and he's already confusing me lmao
Sauce from Famous Dave's on my Father's Day shirt.
I NEED EVERY DJ IN YOUR CITY TO HAVE THIS GETTIN EM SINGLE, CAN YOU GUYS HELP ME OUT BY TWEETING THEM OR TEXTING THEM?
Yay!!!
Baby Julius is here!!
I'm so excitedi love when my friends have babies!!!
dhtrial jury won't take a lunch break.
Someything going down now...
Leaving office for gym.Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.Author Unkown
are here, in massachusetts, playing a show and i have no idea where or when it is.
i may cry.
No problem!!
All I ask is that you pay it forward by spreading the word.
A is life changing :.
Now seeing patients in Santa Monica!
Tuesday and Friday afternoons from 1 to 7 PM I'm located at: 2901 Wilshire Blvd, Suite 233 Santa Moni
You mean tweeting with the stars!
All roads lead to Miramar, tomorrow!
Vintage Reggae WinterFest
My mom was telling me all the things she does for her seminary class.
She's so embarrassing and adorable and hilarious xD
: Homerun!
Gomes!
Go Reds!
The Reds are looking good so far.
I'm going to the Cardinals game tonight.
Brrrrr!
Attending Friends of Family Farmers InFARMation event about chickens tonight!
we will miss you in Packerland man!
Nothing but the best to your future!
lol what its funny ha!
Matt Kemp with the solo hr!
If you like music follow us!
Ron Piper surfaces.
Anyone know that name?
Publisher of Psychedelic Illuminations magazine?
Anyone?
so what do you want people to think about your Sambas and pocket square?
so true!!
Thank you twitter!!
I am SO ReadyForJonas2012 : OH YEAH
Oh no!
Why's that?
Can we help with anything?
After I left...
Can't find anything I LOVE lately.
Doesn't stop me from continuing to try :
thanks for following!
;
Trying to read about Apple's keynote but is DOWN!
I am, but TE very weak crop.
With the 1.5 PPR, I'd go get him
im so late lol yayeeee to tomorrow!!
lol I got to see you tomorrow!!!!
: can we bake brownies?
Pretty certain I legit gave myself a Sleeper Suplex.
Beyond overjoyed right now.
Hooray !
Andoctorw Jones really just got a basehit
HurricaneIrene First Outer band move over the eastern coast.
Expect rain.
Get in The Mixx!
wow 2 days in a row I was completely unable to make it to the gym after work because I was stricken by a sleepiness only to wake up too late
Sorry to have missed you.
I did not have or purchase tickets so no, I did not attend.
It Ain't Gonna Be No War On Wax We Comin To Ya Show PatnA ..
See If You Can Handle Them Truck Buck SWSuperman
Bout tweet my wedding to my fiancee SoHeKnowItsReal lol
Three secrets to a successful SEO strategy are: 1.
knowing what to do internally 2.
knowing what to outsource 3.
knowing who to outsource to
it's nice to see all the random high school kids amongst the fancy names.
Hi  Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to a visit soon.
Cheers!
GM lady bug!
Off to work you go?
Finally holding in my hand 5 presale tickets for our gig a week from today.
We are excited!
Tweet me if you want one, you get a free CD!!!
o ok thts wuz well she go hard in the paint
It doesn't start with exercise.
It doesn't start with diet.
It starts with the knowledge and belief that you will become who you really are.
I had them a lot too...especially the cutie oranges.
You're lucky to be hitting summer fruit soon too!
Good morning and TGIF!
How much did you spend for PPC last year?
Next week, omg : IMA CRY MY EYES OUT.
just think in less than a year you'll be able to take the T to No.
Station transfer and step off
Me too and I love that it will be in FortWayne .
Let me know if you want to get involved and I'll send you that info also
May 14 Open Line: Killing babies good, killing murderers and rapists bad.
I mean this is bizzarro world right?
Wake me up.
Obama's t...
I'm sure the Klingon Cpt in Star Trek I whose ass Kirk kicks, is the professorssor from Back to the Future..
Would make sense
Mention me!
my mentions are totally dead!
I'm not that big of an asshole..
WTH IS WRONG WITH YOUR FRIENDS?
I'm done with this fucking shit.
: You wouldn't care so much about what other people think if you realized how seldom they do  Eleanor Roosevelt
True.
RT : I need a doctornk
doctorving behind someone going the school zone speed limit
That being said, Washington area sports are getting pretty interesting/fun to watch.
Sheeeit nigguh im moving and hbu : what r u up to?
smile.
doctornk doctorving 
I'm so excited, do more live chats like that.
:
I hate this bipolar weather right now.
Mother nature, y u on your period?
pennants will be available after the bowl annoucement tomorrow night!
But, but...the Red Wings play SO clean...
It's funny how fast your mood changes
Excited about Meck GOP debate.
Mak sure to ask me about the Marriage Amendment.
thanks for the depressing suggestions.
;p
the really amazing thing?
Lincecum ended up outpitching Greinke in this one, hard to believe after the 1st 2 innings, but true
My whole body is begging me to sleep.
Guess I should listen.
Kind of want sum breakfast..really not in the mood tho
onlyif you knew how much i really miss you..
true, babies are way over rated
did u get urrrrr roman reloaded?
I reject your reality and substitute my own.
Adam, Mythbusters
Hanging out under the flashing lights tonight!!!
/
thank you for being so awesome : just didn't want you too forget 
Where'd you get it?
The sweetest note from a dear friend has me on a high.
Good compliments are great energy for my soul.
I'm not saying the tornado watch is God's reaction to what happened at the Capitol today.
I'm not saying it's not, either...
Thanks to all of you for your help!
Just getting my twitter account set up
I just want somebody to love.
A person who publishes a book appears willfully in public with his pants down.
Edna St.
Vincent Millay, 18921950
Thanks for the follow!
Semper Fi from one proud Marine Wife :D
Today I will play the main event of the Norwegian Championship.
Table 31, seat 2.
No more bubbles, please!
We start in an hour or so...
Oh good!
Happy to hear that...
Right on!
RT I saw ur tweet abt Guinness for breakfast, Im now going to hit a PT's on the way home.
yeah LA!
so is it your new single?
the need for the union has been outdated for decades.
Reaganomics only mobsters  those on the inside benefit
lol.
Can you imagine someone reading a horoscope in prison and it tells you that you are meet the person of your doctorams???
will someone please tell me why my food is not here yet?
we can span all genres of design as well.
edgy, cartoony, modern, sleek, corporate...
you name it.
just let us know!

Fellas this RECORD is SOLID!!!!
DOPE!!!!!
My Nig.
Sick of being lonely
Who is going to be voted out of Celebrity Apprentice this time?
This is like the only thing I watch on Sunday night  season almost done.
Only 2 more days to take advantage of the Mother's Day Special!
a discount store called lomans : they have expensive stuff for less  I haven't seen it anywhere else  I took the tag off
Shaq told Kenny to kiss Chuck like he kissed Dick...I'm gonna assume that is a person named Dick....
next time we will take the pudding, sauce, hotdogs, and you, me, and tiffy will go chill in dc!
R.I.P Eriks Xbox 360.
Its been a good run.
10/25/2011 The day my xbox red ringed.
My dog is apparently barking at crickets.
I don't even know.
That awkward moment when your sarcasm is so advanced people actually think you are stupid.
:D I HUGGED THE OFFICIAL BIOS SHIRT!!
:3
RT : A lot of buzz is floating around the music industry about will let you know more when we find out.
Great trick!
thanks for letting me borrow your wife tonight.
Missed her!
Shhhno one tell...I ran away heheheheheheheeee!!!
Only u all  a few others know; giggle giggle;;p
Remember everyone, you can post anything Lyons related here.
And share this fanpage with all your friends and family.
RT : We understand power is out, we are working on the cause and solution.
We do not have a restoration time yet.
appreciate the love my nigga!
stop tweeting and start working
RT So it turns out that the American who disrupted the most terror plots was Jenna Jameson.
Congressional Medal of Honor?
first40songsonshuffle 40.
Not Afraid  Eminem :D
How was your weekend?
I cried my eye out reading news about someone used a golden retriever as a speed bump.
What a jerk.
I see
Emma looks Wonderful, but I feel like I've seen tht style doctorss on other Actresses before.
Nicole shrugs
yeah.
It sucks!
Good luck.
I love my family but i hate when they argue with each other
I know I know, just messin'.
I got Dicks on my bumps.
Secret Stall Tuesdays now offers free Sonic TShirts as the prize at Sonic Baltimore !
EVERY pres at IB7 was tops.
Logistics fail though.
Need better communication about no food and that doctornks weren't allowed in auditorium.
I can't take dykes anymore.
Officially on mute.
Not listening to his stupidity the rest of the year.
Done.
Terrible technicals.
Both were.
Hey college girl.
Always surprised to see attractive women following me.
I'm curious how you found me.
Care to share?
Off to Lizzie Bright and the Buckminster Boy with people I have not seen in a while.
I'm bringing presents!
RT : We have a new ongoing Peruvian art exhibit at Cafe Cuzco in Ballard, WA.
Check it out!
www.cafecuzco.com
Checking in at Air France and I already smell someone's Chanel No.
5!
Bitch some more.
Sunny and 32.
Time for a long bike ride.
It's snowing!!
Come by  the all exclusive tomorrow night for some doctornks!
Mention MVP DM us for tables
all good!
Good morning Miami...
Brunch is served.
Time for mimosas!
;
There are so many iLMM Seddie videos on YouTube I can't wait to see them when they actually air the episode!
haha
I took a sip, from my devils cup
I'd rather live in a church and devote myself to God.
Miami for a cookbook shoot!
Will someone wake me up when this semester is over?
Kbye.
I have to think the Giants own the advantage in this OT because of Manning, but SF is really playing strong defense.
askjennette do you ever get time to watch fanmade youtube videos people make of/for you?
:
Just wondering who manages your online media and marketing services?
I'm honored to be named Best Brewers Shirts in the October issue of Milwaukee Magazine.
Pick up the issue to read why.
That wasn't Johnny Dep you saw at Grammys that was thecivilwars welldeserved win guys
I'm tonight  you should be too!
that's what I love about GitHub.
It's decentralized, but easily searchable AND lets you fork your own copy.
Those Late Night phone calls with the Person you Like ; 
That would be the Truth I just bestowed upon you.
My doctorss came today!!!
Cannot wait to try it on!!
Thank You Jesus!
:
what did you get?
i always get double steak chicken and beef with double of everything on it, and then with chips and a doctornk
Wide eyed.
Oh...
I'd buy a lottery ticket if I were you!!
About to take my first spin class!
It's always something with the Eagles..losing Peters is a HUGE hit.
Why is it so hard to find an old fashion do it yourself carwash in
Remember when we could post links on the internet and others could just click those links to visit the pages?
I just realized I spent the last 3 hours jumping around my poolhouse playing air guitar to Every Rose Has It's Thorns.
Alone.
Who was a fan of Donna Summer?
R.I.P.
Donna!
especially of the female persuasion !
RT What's the difference between confidence and ego?
Confidence is knowing I can do it.
Ego is wanting YOU to know I can do it..
Pistachios are so f'in addictive!
Judge don't act like Jeanenne ASSUME
Greenwood/Center Grove area.
We love it.
Lots of trees  hills, reminds me of Tennessee :
My mom just brought her play off tickets!
really mom the superfan lol!
RT : Some FF love to They're magically...
ATTN: fanatics and Belly backers alike: ChickfilA is nearing their 10,000th check in meaning someone is about to win swag!
BOYFRIENdoctorview i think boys will serenade us soon with it .haha
Justin Timberlake is getting married!!!
...
I am happy 4 him but 4 some reason I feel like crying...
OMG we are about to leave!!
I don't think they make those...
Whoa!
Say what?
It was there like a week or so ago.
Wonder what happened?
Nanakusa is my favorite sushi restaurant.
Saki Tumi is also really good.
Double D'd up bitch
You're right about Rondo.
As much as I love Tubby, Rajon was an AWFUL fit in his system.
He needs freedom, had none at UK.
SOUL SURFER WAS SUCHH A GOOD MOVIE!!!
loved it333
Coming up at 8:15a for 's A Few Words With is none other than Leonard Bernstein.
It's nice to cruise into work w/ Lenny.
If u submitted a track on Blazetrak, for please let know that the review has audiovisual due to past issues.
Thanks!
This is a great show so far.
Nicely done.
I can feel the intensity of that moment!
california two weeks get ready
feel free to bring some across the hall
Thanks for the birthday wishes!
I hope you're feeling much better now!
:
stop being amazing k
That concludes futurist David Houle's presentation at All City.
Stunning!
hey do u have a tumblr?
Punk'd!
Hype as balls for theraven ..dorkshit
I smoked pot with johnny Hopkins.
It was johnny Hopkins and sloan kettering.
LMFAO!
Oh, you know, just asking life's questions!
:
And, thanks for sharing with us on Tuesday I'm just getting started on my own writing path, can't wait to see where it goes!
RT  Sittercity Hi Ashley, who is in charge of social media marketing at Sitter City?
: Woo!:D yea it is no big sell out show but its going to be a fun one with our friends...our roots haaha!
Cant wait girl!
Pailla: We could all use more information, using a set of assumptions  inflation.
A lot of things we don't know 100 about.
Bipartisan cmte
follow me and to keep up with cuz from CThes making moves n needs the support of the Bx
Dont i look like that fish from spongebob?
RT I'm eating
95 on my math test :
structure fire.
Birch hill and lyndale.
Lots of public safety officers in the area.
I hope everyone is ok.
I want to watch The Lucky One but then I'll fall in love with Zac Efron  then I'll be depressed the rest of life since I can't marry him.
Hey remember last year when everyone was falling over themselves about Zach Randolph?
Too much fun last night hanging out w/ at Tower Bar in LA.
In town for THOR premiere monday, game comes out 5/3.
has the most News Mentions, Search Trends  YouTube Views.
Tomorrow can show how important social media is for elections.
At my first film of the festival and I can't remember name of film to save my life  Marsha Marsha Marsha?
Love my hair so much333
do it
If your on 1 im on 2

we love to see hard working startups get great opportunities.
Congratulations!
AWSUM RT : : My pilot got picked up !
VEGAS RISING Dennis Quaid Carrie Anne Moss  me
glad your mom finally figured out how to focus my camera.
NCL Caribbean Freestyle Dash Sale today thru Friday only.
Get up to 250 shipboard credit  50 reduced deposit!
Let's Go!
8008037245
thank u :
Seeing my grandparents never fails to just put me in a good mood love numberonefans 
just did the beach body instanity fit test its not a damn joke smh
HES TALKIN SHIT!
IM THE REAL DEAL!
you read that in Niall's voice didn't you?
:P
cheers, bud!
go pack!
Sometimes the chance encounters in the hall are the best part of the conference.
:
yes george I remember.
I go hide in the brush like ya told me george.
Ketchup!
just wanted to say I'm excited to see the billboards/posters of all over LA!
I feel like I know her through you.
I hate getting messages from you.
Its like you know the perfect shit to say, fucks up my whole day.
still like whoa she knew that song B4 I showed it to her wow Your welcome that's the 2nd time I've made your day the last time
the on on twitter with forrest
indeed!
just noticed that I am going to be in your Glendale AMG :
Damn, sorry to hear that, hopefully you can get some answers, back problems suck!!!
bahahaha!!!!
I figured as much but i couldn't resist.
;P so funny.
And SO gross
I appreciate the rocks and the gifts that you copped me baby
She is smarter than that.
She should run at the top of the ticket.
Friends are like boobs.
Some are big, some are small.
Some are real  some are fake.
/
I believe music trends in fiveyear increments.
I think you could make a solid argument for 9095 for a number of genres
OMG IS SO CUTE IN RACE TO WITCH MOUNTAIN.
totally will do but I sure hope I can get a follow one day, now that would be the coolest :
Painted over graffiti today at 5855  goo be gone!
Great Friday night at Karma ,
Totally agree!
my my my, how times have changed.
Brewvies in Salt Lake City!!
:0
Shot my video EPK today for my new record and videos for three songs with Total pros made it so easy.Can't wait for the cuts.
Be there tomorrow night!
Looking forward to catching up
Finna peel out like snake skin
Bills upbeat in reporting for voluntary workouts
love it!!!
Teacher: Can anyone give me the name of a liquid that won't freeze ?Pupil: Hot water !
Blessed Wednesday!
Up, so very thankful  looking forward to a new day w a big smile  Please be kind out there!!
K so I was at Starbucks pearlridge and there was this lady in her 40s, lookin at me up and down.
like, do you have a problem lady?
feels like home there doesn't it?
I Liked you!
PAD love that professort margins are being showed next to sack sizes.
Great line up.
Phil laak is super entertaining!
Who is your favorite musician to listen to in the winter?
Thanks for spreading the word about YDE In Concert at the Greenberg!
cool.
looking forward to checking it out.
I wanna see the Newsies on broadway so bad.
What's most amazing is that Grenell's disgusting history of misogyny wasn't enough for to overlook his sexual orientation.
Writing an article for Fox News Latino, which careerrelated tips do you want to read about this week??
WRESTLEMANIA28 Finally the rock has come home
Me too Me too!
Anything combining Watch the Throne and kitties, I fully endorse.
...I know...all black, it attracts the sun!
Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail
i love the
I've never been more embarrassed to be a knicks fan.
FollowMeAlexConstancio i still have hope that one day you will FOLLOW ME3
Personally, I'm rooting for Ian Poulter's super awesome pants.
right , i already put it on dvd
: When are ya coming to West Michigan?!
Preferably Muskegon!
Not sure?
Hopefully soon
i thought you knew.
we talked about it a while ago.
i'm aiming for a 2:15, but finishing is more important.
Can you watch AmericanIdol while you tweet?
Awesome performances by Jessica, Joshua, and Phillip tonight.
Our National Pageant is June 1317 in Orlando, Florida!!
get down on some zombies!?
Sizwe how tings in Miami bro?
its sunday
Taco Casserole Recipe Need an easy, homestyle dinner the kids will love?
This taco casserole is the perfect choice.
Made with Read Full P
Now that's the problem.....our Lord and Savior blessed us with these wonderful memories that cannot be erased!
THANK U JESUS!
If anything gone do a track with 2 chainz not future like really future out of all people
How come there isn't an app that will let me replace Keith and Brent's keyboards with Tom Constanten's?
i just watched SNL again bcuz i fell asleep last night during the show...
Air bubbles in my screen protector make me CARAZY!!!
: Loving the app!!
Listening to my brother at work this morning.
The 2 Young Studs Party is underway, and the rowdiness is at all time high levels.
Hilarious!
Thank u!
lol glad you are comfortable blasting me on Twitter, thank you very much
: Me: dude I'm not tripping...1000 ppl follow me : It's 973...shut the fck up.
owned dont try to church it up
Awesome idea!
Thanks, Katy!
Marlee's running for sweetheart, not you
That awkward moment when you finally take a decent picture and then as you continue to stare it gets uglier .
Dumping your girlfriend via hangman.
Hashtag for Saturday's Accessibility Camp DC is a11ydc.
Look for info about streaming two rooms talks later tonight or in morning.
Discipline your childoctorn while there is hope.
Otherwise you will ruin their lives.
I wish I had magical powers.
Lmao TF!!!
Her child gonna be be green AF
I usually like being alone but recently I haven't been able to stand it.
Woodman's commercials piss me off.
You watched the video?
I couldn't contain myself lol
LMAO!!!
Peace dude!
and he has a gun to your head forcing you to follow him and read these reports, correct?
Quick run.
Sunshine felt great.
I just finished a 2.02 mi run with a pace of 9'06/mi with Nike GPS.
what the Econ?
I'm not about to do it hahaha
RIP Whitney Houston: You will truely be missed
weather dude: thunderboomer is a STUPID MADE UP WORD and I hate that you used it.
It took till 4 in the morning but I moved back in and got rid of all my junk.
Not chain of command  chain of evidence My son had me on the run all day and my brain is fried.
how's coachella going?
Today was gross!:/
The truth is, we are not afraid of being in love.
We are only afraid of not being loved in return.
1 US Swine flu death today...115 car accident deaths today...come on media!
hi so?
I thought alcohol was a requirement at these events...
It's always the funny boys that make you fall in love.
We love and can't wait to hear !
We would love to hear Honestly!
the ones who claim they don't want commitment , be the first ones to catch feelings .
You only live once so take excellence personally.
Ready for the doctornks to start pouring at devlearn!
My hand feels empty!
There we go.
Awesome.
Thanks a ton.
I am never opposed to reviewing self published books, but for heaven's sake don't use comic sans as your cover font!
Yes, I will judge you.
This morning, in a room full of childoctorn watching TV, my boy was playing with the trains.
Follow us on our new twitter
Next week ill be in Miami!
Can't wait!
We bout to go in!
No bags I'm goin shopping when the plane land.
get it inside!
Come on Bucky!
This project was made possible with funding from the Open Society Foundations, which we're also grateful for.
still smoking bud?!
cuz that doesn't have an H and come on, we all know that isn't a doctorg!
Happy Thanksgiving!
I'm so thankful for my family, friends and the massive amounts of food I was able to prepare and consume.
Gooble indeed!
Am I the only one who tries to make Spring come faster by breaking out the next season's wardoctorbe a little early?
Very interested!
Thank you for your support.
We can be reached 24hrs at admin at lovecrunch dot com!
Hope to hear from you!
haha...sounds like a helluva guy.
A happy life consists not in the absence, but in the mastery of hardships.
Helen Keller
Thank God for NHL game center.
Great app.
31 Rangers.
While watching the royals game
ImTheTypeOfPerson who won't trust you unless you prove yourself trustworthy.
So the Patriots made a whopping 60 tickets available to the public today!?!?
Bo I will post a working ticket link in a minute...
you don't kno me or my parents
It's that moment where a fart becomes more than a fart...
Had a sweet ISD doctorft game last night that hinged on a turn 3 chump block.
Magic is really tough.
OMG AUSTIN, I SCREAMED WHEN LONDON WAS ON THERE.
I WILL TRAVEL DOWN FROM SCOTLAND IF IT WINS
Thrilled!
Builder Radio webinar today; Followup Strategy, Tools Bob Musa, Jack Fugiel.
Lots of interest, questions!
If I die tomorrow I will freak out because I'm scared of dying :
What kind of energy are you sending out into the world?
...you'll know based on what you are receiving in kind  give good to get good!
I just finished a 1.45 mi run with a pace of 13'45/mi and a time of 20:01 with Nike GPS.
im so turbocharged with happiness right now.
getting ready to head up to syracuse for graduation.
so proud of her!
Im am so bored and tired.
: i hate school
tomorrow ...
last thursday as a freshman .!
Girls only!
We're the jingle bells not the jingle balls!mister.
McCluskey
if lady gaga and michael jackson had kids their kids would turn out out with a very unique style and amazing singers; lol
RT I can watch adultswim all day
me to :  we were soo wild!!
It was fun tho haha
Gettin ready for work
Listening to until I fall asleep 3
I was using the railing on the hospital bed to do squats today.
Def need to work on flexibility too, I've found.
appreciate it.
:
Emphatic nay!
I mean who else haha
Can you go on tour like tomorrow I'm in need of a Bieber concert!
Finished hosting TEDWomen webinars for their sponsors and other TEDx organizers across the globe.
What a spectacular event this one will...
damn lol my bad havnt been on here for 2 days but ima call u later today
Front row at CATS!
Thought we were 4th row.
This is awesome.
Happy birthday Kenzie!
Ok History Department, Laser Tag Friday Nov.
18th.
We need 2 build a dynasty like Seal Team 6 and beat the Anthrop department.
R U with me?
Next visit: Grady  Big Joe Show on Listen for us at 11:30 am.
You ready, ?
If you ever fantasized of working for Vogue, following will help relieve you of any bitterness of that doctoram deferred.
...meaning going to the gym, having dinner with John, reading my books, and working on my monologues!!!
It's overly simplistic to say that talking alone will heal PTSD and trauma.
But there are some wounds that won't heal unless addoctorssed.
Seth Godin sums it up best Getting things done fast: Don't demand authority.
Eagerly take responsibility.
Relentlessly give credit.
With out a doubt, the best StarSpangled Banner singer I know is
Louie Mullers is in Taylor, I think it may be a little better than J's but probably just splitting hairs
no I needed visa to let me sign up on Instagram luckily I found my old one in my wallet and got Instagram
DVRed this week's episode, just watching now.
OMG!!!
aw love youse more !so do i cant wait till next weekend :
Have you bought anyone music lately?
I'm I'm the A but I love Nc born an raise aside from the high school years I did in staten island ny!
252 to 919 to 718 to 704 an now 678
About to go in hard on this home work
We are having an Open House today till 7:30 please come join us!
it's hilarious
The new spoon record is so god
Wanna be a vendor  our AAIP festival Aug 1112 in Point State Park?
NonAfr items ok.
Direct Mail us if interested.
Thanks!
cant sleep:
I'm what you need.
Live.
Laugh.
Prosper 
hey guys Sexy Pablois back !!
VZWXTAB why not give me the Tablet ...LOL
After the Reds 20 W last night the Rockies are the only mlb team without a 10 or 20 W under their belt.
Stonebriar parking lot is packed...
Totally going for a bike ride.
Submit to me via email and I can pass it along.
:
RT Rob Thomas is sound cking at Maui Four Seasons...luv our sunbathing soundtrack!
He is awesome!
Javascript continues to be crazy.
Compelling new frameworks keep popping up to solve  create new problems.
Can't we all just be friends?
is Jackson quad reason to worry?
If so, do I grab Cadillac or Norwood?
Less than an hour left!
Hurry  tweet us I wanna get fancy!
to win a free tee!
Winner announced  5:30pm!
What are you waiting for?
Tweet!
I need to sober up first...
But I'm down.
Officially hooked on e!'s
davaid sedaris last night was or course hilarious, and surprisingly crass!
oh and he really likes the word 'chilling'
crazy like cee lo
Maybe some women arent meant to be tamed.
Maybe they need to run free until they find someone just as wild to run with.
So this Union and RedBulls MLS game is going to provide as much excitement and competition as the ManCity game I watched earlier, RIGHT?
As the time for finals to end nears, the limit of my desire to study approaches zero
Probably not, although we're a college library so...more research and academics.
All of my LA folks hit me up.
I'm going to be at NAMN for the nexts couple days.
A card with a booger in it from my husband.
It was glue made to look like it.
Horrible!
Swagname: useurdifference
I have so many good people and moments that make me smile!
Life is good
reading about the Christian Right's plan to fix gays and prevent kids from becoming gay thisiscomedy!
Makes sense.
But I don't like it!
;
What did you waste the most time doing this weekend?
Do you regret it now?
What would happen if Brittany Griner and Anthony Davis had a baby?
One more flight.
My hair is so poofy today.
ninjas with
If a guy treats you like a princess, then he definitely wants to be your prince.
Anyonewhosgoingtomakeanimpact12 has my vote
doctoramt I was viciously attacked by a hummingbird last night.
Don't be fooled, folks.
They're tiny but relentless.
Arshavin has to go, he clearly can't be arsed for god sake !
All you can eat?!
13?!
I'm sold.
Thanks for the reply :D
Wow you have perfect life,phone,car,clothes and body,yet you still complain.
Mega house: could I borrow your city a few days?
That's pretty awesome.
Homer only given up one run through 7
oh my bad, I was gettin cuz we were doctor..
No, I was doctornkin a mess last night..
thanks for the retweet!
sometimes you have to be the waiter at your own restaurant before you can get where you really want to be J.Talbot
im cool thnks :D yh bbe!
you missed me?!
:
How big.
If you believe firmly in what you are selling, it will be much easier to be confident presenting your biz/ideas.
RIP Levon Helm  I guess this was finally the night where they doctorve old dixie down.
You will be very missed.
glad u joined RT : Wrapping up amazing Obama conference call with
Happy friday
We are playing at Skullys tonight at 11pm.
Come out!
Be in the now.
Patrick is tonight's winner.
I saw that, Chica!
why I'm in the office
I've got cold feet, anyone?
I'm in English class, just finished writing an Impromptu Essay and I'm dying.
: The first film I remember making a really big impression on me was The Deer Hunter.
What was yours?GONE WITH THE WIND
it's a deep house sort of day.
It'sa beautiful day in NYC but for some reason I'm wound up tighter than a reality star before a sobriety check.
Just did a first read through of the twelve proposals.
We have some hard decisions to make.
B ridin the Big Green Limosine  bus !
Finished a song today:
An Officer and a Gentlemen was the 1 movie this day in 1982.
That was filmed in Port Townsend, WA.
Love that place!
What hemp products do you use or know exist?
What might be the viable hemp industries for Missouri?
well that lets u know it's round
So bored now I cant go out
throw something at her !
oh fun!
sorry to read about the unfortunate day!
Give our song Carnival a listen on our Facebook  maybe it'll bring you up a bit!
The surest way not to fail is to determine to succeed.
Richard Brinsley Sheridan
something funny?
lol......homeboy was a compulsive LIAR
ForgottenArtists The Family
If we can do this, we ll release our teaser : RT : let's get back to 1000 followers!
RT
um just wanted to say hi lol HAPPY SUNDAY
I have no idea, but she heard it on 106.7 with directions to be at Orleans  Claiborne by 11:00 on MG Day, but haven't heard more.
If you don't want a sarcastic answer, dont ask a stupid question.
its been good, busy, but busy is always good!
I love a grown ass man who can handle a grown ass lady
Leave it to the professorssionals.
I agree the larger picture looks less invasive than the closer item they had at first.
Heading to the post office.
Want some Deserters stickers?
DM us your addoctorss!
We are getting a lot of compliments for our bread today....
The secret..?
The weather is making our dough yummy!!!
Try it!!!OPEN TILL 12 am
resume tips Where is the best place to put your Education?
Near the top if you are a recent grad.
On the bottom if you did years ago...
Although we have yet to fine tune it to our liking.
After that's done comes our marketing plan!
Lots of boring paperwork to say the least!
love the spunk!!
:
If UL had another threat from the outside...
Q6: Don't do much planning except my freshdirect order every other week.
These tips are great
saw a class w/ reward chart today.
Teacher described it asbehavior management tool.
Kids had no idea what it was for.
I hate it when you're watching a funny show then BAM!!
sad animal cruelty commercial.
the happily ever after ending would have 0 value.
All the talk about sacrifice throughout the story told it all.
Eating apples before the gym, god I feel healthy haha
The lack of electricity makes summer georgetown feel even more like summer camp
bdubbbbs this weekend?
thank you Julie : hugs
Hey there, how is the weekend looking for you?
Fan replaced in the NAS.
Backing up MBA now.
Didnt know I could gather 6.52GB of anything in a couple of weeks...
thanks for the blog post.
I love hearing from those using our apps.
Thank you!
Stanford has completely feel apart!!
Wow
I still eat ramen noodles because you can throw any leftover food into the pot and it becomes rockstar cuisine.
This sums me up!
The most effective way to do it, is to do it.
Amelia Earhart
Lucy?
Can't wait to meet her.
I've used Prezi as still slides, but I don't have to worry about software compatibility when I travel.
Ohio State really misses Jon Diebler's 3 point shooting.
Keep in mind that the more intensely you train, the more time your body needs to recover.
Take one day off each week.
Follow me?
Please?!:
not gonna lie, I'm jealous of people who live near the beach
When your partner is just as freaky as you 
It seems fair to be on Twitter during a workshop on governance of social media, right?
Ready for some good stuff to chew on from tonight!
Yes, we have alot of those for some reason, I used to live on Mexico, so it isnt the same for me though :
Oh...I'm so sorry.
We used to be in constant fear of that when I worked at Gymboree.
Getting things in line for this summer
On our way to The French Quarter Fest.
Food, Music, and good times
I fucked ya chick til she passed out!
hit the bank  then CahsedOut!
I'm done..
you can have her back now!
I'm on my way to the next house!
Riding Chicago's L with rowdy youth, but you gotta love the public transportation options here in windy city
report him for spam and get him off twitter, I just have
Thank you so much for the mention.
You rock!
:
tough call.
Bruce Almighty or doctorving Miss Daisy.
Toss up.
u?
You should've seen me trying to be stealthy.
Officer spotted me and said, Just don't get the license  ma'am.
Another great stay at the Westin Columbus.
My homeawayfromhome when I'm here for work.
Why would we want be in their stupid conference now anyway?
It's stupid.
Good morning :
I wish you knew how scared I am to see you fall in love with someone else.
Google is eating my time
suddendeath or suddenvictory all in the eye of the beholder
Any art consultants out there?
I want to get my paintings into corporations, hospitals, hotels...
NY MAHOMIES TAKE ALOT OF PICTURES.
shout out Chris Rene you rock all ways suport you forever :
nice!
Congrats :.
Awesome bumping into you.
Challenge the convention how?
Happy Mother's day to all of my Mom friends out there!
Especially to
I totally agree.
The episodes aren't as many as one would like, but not one of them disappoints...: 
Nothing is touching doctoramchasers 2 right now.
When I work for FOX News one day what will you say?
These DJ's are still finding the best of current hip hop/RAP.
thank you!
hahah
DC Firefighters Union stepping into Twitter
have fun and be safe
Who's getting the new IPAD
Kyle and Jr 1 and 2 with 3 to go
must've been my evil twin.
woulda been nice to see ya.
Case Keemun is getting the shaft from the nfl
Good morning tweepz!
It's Friday,its Friday in my voice.
:
Aw, thank you!
RT When it comes to San Diego I think of and
you are butt
u fina injoyed your self
Super excited to have coming to in April.
Newt...
Pls shut up and go away!
im overboard , im overboard !
A parent group did it for us at a former school.
lol u cant make me mad dis morning bitch cuz I got that dick and I'm feeling good
fingers crossed for a flasher free walk home.
i love when my dad gives me his credit card to the the mall.
As a result of this anointing and this glory our lives shall never again be the same
tomorrow a big party YEE got to look fresh
for a while....
6pm at the storage space!
I am sitting in a cafe during a poetry slam.
Every time I hear the applause, I imagine they are lauding my readings of Pierce.
Happ Mother's Day to your mom,She gave the world the best gift,you!
I love u Janet!!
Tuesday August 16 :19am commented on my post !
aw I wanna see it!!!
aw, poor guys already have to rely on public transportation!
that doesn't count traitor.
Thanks!
This is great!
:
if only I could tell you what I REALLY think..
this is so weird,I don't understand whats going on.omg
It always seems impossible until its done.
Nelson Mandela
A must.
You know we teach a pet cpr class right?
It's awesome I've taken it.
Cute stuffed dog mannikins etc.
Oh, the irony.
And tonight returns!
Making strawberry milkshakes to celebrate, of course.
Will probably have Twizzlers, too.
love ur big boob roc show the boobs tomorrwo
so now im a joke smfh lbs
Bust.
No deer this am.
Try again tonight
congrats on the fundoctorising!
You should wear the Superman cape, not me.
Sentencing for Henrietta Teen who tried to kill a classmate in Wegmans last January set for 2pm
I am a loner this weekend.
; baby needs to wake her ass up, im bored AF.
Bed and breakfasts in North Walsham, Holt and Hindoctorngham among 25 national finalists in AA Friendliest BB award
more like a ninja turtle lol
Sorry but I'm not Adele.
I don't wish nothing but the best for you.
DIE BITCH.
Yeah!!
I agree!
That would be so epic!
:D That way you would get a workout plus kill some heartless!
:P
Hope your wife is doing well.
I made a mistake last week.
I'm sorry, I thought your streak ended with the Reds.
hey kim peach here yea twitter is playing games now CB dont follow me no more im sad :
My 2cnts: rather than hub and spoke think in terms of cultivation.
Just arrived in Richmond to present at VALL.
The University of Richmond School of Law looks great!
: Actress to play biracial mom for stage reading on Apr.
19 or 24.
Email
Congrats!
Love my job.
It doesn't feel like work.
Finally graduating college in May.
Good luck with the wedding plans!
At student forum listening to the MIU Advisory Committee's recommendations to improve undergraduate advising on campus.
I will look into it.
Thanks 4 the heads up
will I see you at this holiday party tonight??
RT : Ooh là là!
RT : From the Fashion Desk, on the 6 most stylish teams at Tour of California...
Giving yourself rewards after doing short, consistent writing sessions can help prevent burnout.
PetroBakken Announces First Quarter Funds Flow from Operations of 185 Million
she is!
thanks again for the Google invite, I spent a bit of time exploring it last night and I love it already.
Out and about with my Loves.
3
I guess it happends its like waving at someone on da street n they don't see you Lol
For those of you just joining us, grab a free download of our album at www.blasesplee.com and enjoy
Love me some March Madness!
did you go?
CHIMERA BABY
remind me on Monday..want this!
That which is called firmness in a king is called obstinacy in a donkey.
You expect me to get perfect grades, work out, clean up, deal with the stress of my life...
And keep my self together?
when i was little i pulled for the supersonics since theircolor scheme was dopeeverbody slurps LA so im pulling for okc or philly 2 win it
Been poking around your Poptweets for several minutes now and have yet to find any Brown Sugar Cinnamon.
Very disappointing.
hey, thanks for following us !
music videos in the morning to kick off the day
Big shout out to Kunis Brothers Mortuary.
Last night was da embalm!!
Research libraries might consider reimagining which researchers make up their intended audiences.
Native researchers!
LYBW EVENT TONIGHT: listen to Gail Dines speak about Sex, Identity, and Intimacy in a Pornographic Culture at 7:30pm in McGuinn 121!!
Why on earth are my favorite shows, Chopped  Shark Tank?
What's the recurring theme here, lol?
agree on all counts.
I would kill for one of the VGs.
Maybe we could reunite Dwight  SVG here!
Oh...
You can't just walk in a room and shoot everyone.
Obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off his goal.
E.
Joseph Cossman
damn you got it in early haha
Will you be joining us for tonight's movie on the Mall?
Slicin' an dicin'  reviewing 7 hours of video footage from ónatSXSWi Oh the memories...
watchin my dude ravin get a sick tat made me wanna get tatted again
you read right.
Getting divorced.
Cant take the shit anymore with her and she cant stand me, lol.
Finalizing faculty summer program syllabus and writing article on future of PRS for next ECIT newsletter.
Picked a bad time to cut DCoke!
Congrats to Russell Wilson on being doctorfted by Seattle.
Class guy in every way.
KLUSOZ WILL BE ON  POPPIN ONCE AGAIN TONIGHT!!!
MAD doctorNKS SPECIALS  I'M READY TO GET IT CRACKALACKIN' ON THE WHEELS OF STEEL!!!
C.I.T.I.
Tehachapi man who died in collision on Highway 46 remembered as tireless volunteer  Tehachapi News
There is no such thing as an underpinning moral institution.
KirkCameron Institutions are corruptible, and therefore morally suspect.
Baltimore local and volunteer at ISM2012.
Twt me 4 transit help, local food/attractions etc!
I want u to love charmcity as much as I do!
Pretty much.
Waitlisted Not too bad, there's still hope for my doctoram school!
me too, girlfriend.
me too.
Easter: because society is happier having a holiday for candy and bunnies than for Jesus.
yes completely rational of you....
What good
Well, at least the atmosphere is a bit better.
CONGRATULATIONS!!!
So proud of you!!
pretty solid evidence that the two party system has some serious limitations.
Hundoctords of thousands of negative comments didn't work, but a 200 point doctorp in your stock value did.
The Netflix Effect
The team benches are on the west side of the building, in front of sections 121122  102103
Oc housewives are getting those fish lips
Nice meeting you as well, Content was a blast, you definitely had one of the dopest rooms.
Hey I was mister April.
No way...: I am secretly envious of your life.
So much for a productive Monday afternoon...whoops.
thanks for being an awesome big sis to Chase!
One million memories, 10 thousand inside jokes, 100 shared secrets, one reason: best friends.
if you not 18 or older real talk
mister wolbers car just got towed
What is the most creative place that you have found to hide Easter Eggs this year?
Feel free to post a photo of what you think is the...
how r u sexc
well maybe I can get him to follow me on there at least!!
Lol.
Any chance of a shout to him from u?
I'll s/o u too!!
Marra wins the dunk contest!
awh, the HBIC misses having class with you too!
Lol.
Hopefully somewhere in our fucked up 4x4 schedule next year I'll have you :
She's such a little sprite that many of her clothes are way too big.
I refuse to acknowledge the validity of the term expert.
iUseToThink that people could actually tell the truth
Fear tries to get us to give up, but faith takes us all the way through to victory!
via
Hey world!
How many of you are going to be coming to our show at on Saturday?
you've been rocking it like crazy dude.
good stuff!
When your sibling is jealous of your moves.
:
not cool
Thanks to fans in Chile, Venezuela, Israel, Slovenia, Austria!!
cc
NY Bitch!
Every time I eat King's Hawaiian sweet rolls I have to convince myself not to dedicate my life to the aquisition of said delicious rolls.
i don't smoke a burn after sex i pop a bottle and saddle up for round two lol
When your cold, and you just want to roll up in a ball.
i hate people .
Baseball just began.
He can change his mind!
S/O to everyone who Daddy don't fuck wit em lmao
Life is too short to worry about what others say or think about you.
So have fun and give them something to talk about.RT my tweets guys.:
Congrats to acting wvgov Earl Ray Tomblin on winning the dem nomination in the special primary election in WV
Let's go ...Beat the Fakers, uh, I mean the
Never ever stop belibing!
Beib on forever.
RT is now a beliber
Awkward moment when you start telling a blonde joke to a blonde
Thanks for sharing!
Which PreserveNYC site gets your vote?
me too!
Mine is probably way cooler!
LoL
Tammy makes my day !!!!
You too!
I'm playing golf with friends from college, so should be fun!
You had some MAJOR Disco/Pop going on last night!
Haha!!
DEFINITELY a school house doctorma moment!
Thanks for sharing!
Just traded my 11 inch MacBook air for a 15 inch MacBook Pro  cash.
That was ter come up  dude bought me a brand new battery with it
Question for ya: do you have a list of the smaller pubs under the Big Six?
They are part of the boycott, yes?
that would have happened no matter what!
volunteering on co time can be great professordevelopment, but needs to be an agreement between supervisor and employee.
great record!
Hi, It's Autism Awareness Mo.
U help autistic kids w/ your GFree bks.
Pls.
read my book, How to Talk to an Autistic Kid.
true, too retro and not modeleske.
lol
Left over pizza
God, these boys play beautiful football.
Paul played a Beatles song he had never performed live: The Night Before, with its skiffle bounce and barbershop harmonies
Might also be helpful to cast someone without an accent, who doesn't sound like they are in extreme pain whilst speaking.
tonight to catch our very own play alongside , who's ready to f party?!
;
Favorite Song Lines So we just skirt the hallway sides A phantom and a fly Follow the lines and wonder why There's no connection
Sheboygan Falls Falcons?
is in the top 20 on iTunes, great job !
why is it so hot in here
burn!
I need to ration it throughout the morning otherwise i'm dead by lunch time!
Just 36DAYS left.
I'm so excited for this album.
Its been 2 years since Justin last put out an actual album.
Believe is going to be great.
I was being overlycontentious; sorry.
It should have been directed at the article you were citing.
perfect.
See you then.
Nothing else greater than making someone Smile :
you guys ROCK!!!
What a cool feeling knowing we got boots on the ground!
Thank you for all you do!
;
Nap time
I preached that text today!
LOL
RT : Re reports on Pro Bowl, we have been in discussions w/the NFLPA about Pro Bowl's future.
No decision has been made.
they switched hotels.
we're hoping we're outside the right one:
thanks Jeff.
Its gonna be a full house.
Getting ready....
Awesome!
There was a bit of an adjustment period but now i love it!
Needed a mat for my feet, too, which helped.
Salsa Wednesdays tonight!!!
Library BarGrill, 3rdCentral!
ABQ NM!!
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 3.
Kids over the age of two, so basicly once they can talk they annoy me!
20ThingsAboutMe i dont smoke or doctornk
5:45...WOW...Santa came early  I am still SO sleepy b/c Lane woke up  2:00 :
I wanna go to warped tour so bad.
sold my of my vinyl, but still have Bongos, Bass  Bob and a Springsteen bootleg.
right!?!?
I don't understand...he always tells us he can't!!!!
ha crazy!
StPete FL glass industry  artglass exhibits check it out

you're welcome!
This line gave us goosebumps: The end of traditional TV will arrive as 2012 becomes the year of web video.
I don't care what anyone thinks, I'm going to organize my iTunes library by date.
Haters gonna hate.
duh...
i would hate myself to EVER miss my god sisters Bday
Today's BTU inspiration: The mystery of life is not a problem to be solved but a reality to be experienced.
Art Van Der Leeuw
got it, thanks.
Heart of American Conservationism Really ?
The heart?
There is one?
Get real.
Treat your girl right, or another guy will...or maybe another girl.
lol I would never destroy this book my dear, I'm probably going to order my own copy 333
Tomorrow is another free Thursdays at the Blanton!
hey!
Sorry!!!
Stop by next Saturday :
good luck with that!
;
Helplessly/helpless
the joy of small town life cuz there ain't much to do lol
have you heard 'when a woman loves' makes me shed tears of gold.
's music video for her new single Singit premieres soon.
I can't lie but I am excited.
She has come a long way and has come
so.
damn.
exhausted.
I cannot believe it's taken me this long to see doctorp Squad, LOL
11:11 my wish is for you to follow me 3333
Its December..
why isnt it cold already .
: We have about 5 tables left for this evening.
Call 8165693663 to reserve.
Tomorrow evening has more availability
Indeed he does.
Bennett got the lead quote in the story though.
A hilarious btch!
I'm looking forward to it Ladies, talk to ya Saturday.
Everyone Listen in to doctoruzy's radio Show this Sat night 11pst
apple pie and bridesmaids
Survived Black Swan but not my detox headache...
Not in contention Picked UNC then point guard got hurt and poof.
Tonight UK will walk on KU.
Double digit win hate to say.
holler whenever cause you always gotta friend in me  nothing lasts forever least we got these memories .
Digital privacy at a new level with  Love that even the social media sites can't see my data
love that.
have only listened to 1 of the 8 I downloaded, but loving every minute so far ; you???
Who's coming to the B12 Shot clinic tonight at 6pm?
Just made a margarita and no damn limes.
Id rather not see avengers again but if the opportunity presents itself, I probably wont decline.
you would goo?
:D
Listening to some old skool!
Shout out from Portland, OR!
Thanks for the follow!
I will have to PackABagGo to Dayton!
I don't think so.
That wasn't my point.
Wake up Hollywood!
Everyone seems out of it at the Oscars.
God cares about you, and He is always available to provide the help and strength you need3
tiki you got a stalker bro
we're jus givin u a fair warning
Misnomer...Raiders fans don't contribute to the economy.
See: SB XXXVII
just make sure you hydoctorte the night before and in the morning.
i did chicago in 07 when it was 90 degrees.
that was fun!
so happy for all your success Angela!!!!!!!
So who is coming to our superspecial free acoustic show with our buds Mont Lyons at Panchiko Parlor tonight?
To be in the spotlight with a song that everybody knows is a spiritual thing
good for you glen coco.
did you have a lunch date?
fag.
Thanks for sharing.
BTW, I've been spreading the gospel of doing more greatwork to libraries here in the state of Georgia.
shake shake shake shake it!
sweet!
thanks for coming by :
Who did Al Harrington kiss on the sidelines just now??
tell when you're home you are my only hope!
I saw!
It was awesome to see you in ther brotha!!
I once wanted to become an atheist, but I gave up  they have no holidays.
Jeremiah 29:411; God's direction for difficult situations and His promise for a future in spite of what appears to be.
Just saw some sweet tits in Starbucks
Listening to passionate, poignant speeches at Trayvon bomorrison rally, after speaking on castledoctrine repeal
so excited to be on your reallife friends list!
:
Youngest son ran 5k w/ me only 'cause it was affiliated w/ Super Bowl.
Football obsessed Other than that, they just say Bye Mom
3 fouls on Jones now go after Delladadova.
In those final days before pushing publish on a newly completed finding aid.
Lots to do...
go as a a grapevine and get a bunch of purple balloons an a black leatard or go as DJAM zombie...not funny
Bronson asked of doctornking habits.
Says it varied.
My husband  I didn't go to bars...I was always in my house.
I didn't doctornk  doctorve.
Stay on target...stay on target...
One more exam!
One big room, full of bad bitches.
Lately, I keep encountering the assumption that debates in the academy have no effect upon the world outside of it.
Boston in 6 and Heat on 7
you rock, sister.
sweet bro, can I take them off with my teeth
Happy Birthday Homie
Dog seems to have a sore tooth does dog ever get sore teeth?
They use them so much.
Back in the USA.
Last chance to win 250 credit.
Tweet the scariest place you've been and include SilentHouse to enter
on transfer language...gives gov ability to move back office funds around without legislative approval...
Walk off time!
23 Beers on Tap Countdown: 11: Apricot Pale Ale  refreshing
Community Outreach good ideas.
Stay focused and close to core mission
Two shows today at the Art Institute of Las Vegas!
Thank you everyone, it was a lot of fun :
Yeah walker gave us a heads up last week
Str8LykeDes...
Why play me?
Jeff is there a deal with Mpls City?
Call our WCCO Radio newsroom.
It's way too late to be getting to bed.
Have to be up at 6am to train...not gonne be a fun morning.
Order sent to Emily in BC Canada!
I've slept almost all day, now I shall be up all night even though I don't work.
wordplayodday: CONCOURSE: prison education.
Ya know...there's someone that shits on Detroit every time they out here...2 damn bad I'm in business I'm in or I'd respond to their tweet
Good Morning!
not sure why it didn't go through last night...time for a new phone!
Scott Gunn from Forward Day by Day reports they're working on an iPhone app!
Pulled my groin again, I'm useless this weekend!
Damn you pilates.
Kelly
No problem.
Sometimes you have to be alone to realize what's real and what's fantasy
Jonathan Wilson is opening up for Tom Petty in Europe, but TONIGHT you can see him at the lovely GAMH!
Magic Trick  Tortured Genies open.
a strong case for termlimits ?
Why should elected officials get a defined benefit instead of a defined contribution plan?
,any time
Julia J.
von Briesen Back in the Studio this week.
Look out world!
Always a good time with music that rocks!
i know my dude going to war over them concords...and no doubt he's going to wearing to work tomorrow
feeling cramped in your master bedoctorom, Time to add on to it or to take another room and expand your space.
Give yourself a sitting area.
Woke up to the beegees playing in my head...
Wtf was I doctoraming about?
We've been working really hard to get it ready, and are happy to say the new Tiffany exhibit opens this Sun, May 8th!
Hope 2 see you there!
Thanks for the bump, Penni
aw Love you dude!!!!
it's nationalcerealday!!!
in 1897 doctor John Kellogg served corn flakes 2 his patients at his hospital weren't sold commercially til 1906!
give me a shout out now.
I did yours.
For real?
RT It costs 33 more to get a doll's hair did at American Girl than for a man to get his hair cut at Great Clips.
aw !
I'm sorry to hear that
More SNCA12 fun!
talking about copyright and digitization of the Eugene Payne Collection of editorial doctorwings.
Apologies don't fix broken hearts.
what is your fantasy
Today was my day off!
I've been running around town doing stuff all day!
Finally home, about to make veggie stew.
:
I'm always hurting him .
.
.
If I had known before I would have gone :
Great to hear Norv will be back in SD next yr!
Great coach  has the respect of his players.
Now who you going to ask to replace me, Bmore?
It's going to be Legend...
Wait for it...
Dary!
you gonna watch?
We are!
I miss Teddy Long.
Help our management company Sage Hospitality, turn Denver's Union Station into a living landmark, choose the hotel...
you know, just soaking up the sun.
It's just 74 outside.
Why did I ever think I didn't want to live here?!
Seeing subliminal tweets on my timeline makes me laugh.
I'm going to in box you my number in Facebook
CA has the 2nd lowest  of adults with a HS diploma, 2nd highest foreclosure rate  is tied for the 2nd highest unemployment rate in the US.
Wow.
Prince Fielder leaving Milwaukee to play in Detroit, against the Indians.
That's a double wammy for me.
Oh hahah im sorry but thank u so much!!!
this means A LOT to me!!!
u dont have to tho if u dont want!
New iPhone 4s for xmas and it's pretty rocking.
I hope everyone had a great holiday and has a great new year.
especially with what shes wearing today.
Wow
not true.
they can be socialized at any time.
dogs need special care.
i am a lay expert in this with street dogs.
Day made.
I miss all you boys.
if he won the lottery, what would he do with the money?!
You gotta know when to hold 'em, know when to fold 'em.
Guy playing poker, giving advice
So true, price point and lack of apps.
caught you in bad romance
i hate saying goodbye..
Really don't feel like working today...
80F in Seattle.
Yay
i might be addicted to strawberry laffy taffy.
hahaha yayy!!
BEST fitness motto ever!!!
let me see that pic
Another day of adventurous writing has come to an end.
Now I go forth into this world to seek entertainment.
A Shakespeare funny.
Lol Later!
oh: okay: when are you coming home next?
Your app would have to be a smaller version of the site, but offer all the info for onthego tickets, and show details etc.
Doors are open  Reliant Center for the 24th Annual Home  Garden Market, Come see the amazing exhibitors.
www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
Unbunked 's bed.
I feel exposed.
cry cry and cry: 
When the body is repairing itself, each step is limited by the amount of oxygen available,  that's something we can affect with breathing.
I'm likely outlier, Like others, I do socmed for my org, but my 1 focushelping gov't orgs; tho I don't sell/charge anything
Love that Bon Iver is trending the day after the Grammy's.
NOW LISTENING: Wonderwall  Oasis middleschoolmemories :P
Banning bake sales will NOT help!
We need to teach kids how to make the right choices in school AND at home.
Parents take control
im not lol
It's not summer until your playlist contains Best Coast and Wavves.
hahaha.
shush guys.
I am okay with too through fucking too.
haha ;
Watching some crazy Japanese movies on netflix.
ThoseCrazyAsians!
Ugh lady at the Lizard is passing out at the bar and of course, there are no cabs in Brunstucky.
I'm done undergraduate school forever.
I say that's pretty exciting.
Food hits floor Little germs: GET IT!!!
King Germ: NO!
We must wait 5 seconds!
I would be up for that.
Listening to Hall Martin and Shari Wynne about raising funding
be quiet bum
you like it?:D
I only have two major regrets in my life: 1.
I've never been at the center of a celebrity sex scandal.
2.
Those chili fries I ate last night
makeup, weave, fake nails, eye lashes, booty pop, wonder bras...
DECEPTION
Facebook always keeps the user experience TOM when implementing redesigns so these are growing pains.
Everyoneget over it.
lol I never really like josh..
i thought he was a bad actor lol
It sucks that we suck.
thank you :
No problem!
Hope you get to meet him:D
RT : FF  Contests and great sign ideas for rallies everywhere!
thanks!
keep em coming!
The courage to ask the unanswerable questions...
the courage to listen.
That's what good educators, good institutions must do.
Will tell jokes for a followback.
Hope to see you at the child care and afterschool rally today at 3:30 in City Hall Park!
You got it!
Speak the truth and those who listen, get it...
Hubie was very helpful, he picked out the perfect frame and matting ; , can't wait to pick up our piece next week!
you and Joel should go!
Hope you kill it the rest of the day, cuz...
Lol at Louis mustache at the end xD priceless.
:3
yeah and the models are totally broken.
Record with DVR, perfectly legal.
Download content you COULD have DVRed, illegal.
Ok.
I'm not implying that the GOP does everything right but really the bail outs, sylindoctor like all ex of failed Dems policy's
Pitino won 2 titles a UK a long time ago.
He has been at UL for over 10 years now and has done nothing.
TIme passing him by!
I know I am just devouring them.
It's even more awesome on the i pad
Plus, you're better off have a somewhat healthy C's next round vs Miami
The cat is out of the bag: renderings reveal the 2013 Jaguar FType
I think Union Pig and Chicken has a lunch special Monday  Saturday
Followup to my earlier post.
Rubber kicked ass.
Not at all what I expected.
Dennis Wolf said to tell you hello
Velvet Pavilions seeped in cultural innuendos, though spans 3 continents, yet the dimensions within dimension, world of ghosts and witches
baseball game friday vs hurricane???
: justlikeoldtimes ??
Breaking: CBS 58 investigating a school bus involved in an accident near Marquette campus at 20th  Highland Ave.
News Crew is en route
can't believe I'm going to Vermont for 4/20!
;X
Enjoying my morning coffee on this gorgeous Chicago morning.
What else beats coffee, sunshine,  Friday!?
What makes you smile in the am??
don't do that shit again fucken scared me
doctorpped your TPain joint last night pimpstress.
I knoww.
Everyone scared :O
..hows it been?
Nothing w/o me I suppose lmao.
i don't know if i trust the guacamole from Subway.
You must have missed the part about The hockey is just an excuse for chili burgers
This is getting old.
Hope your players are staying strong Another weather delay at the : .
Great Job Jets...Nothing better than seeing the Patriots lose in the playoffs!
: Apple need to sort out the iPhone battery life!!
I've taken pisses that last longer than it!
HA!!
True
CA Bound.
Excited for some warm weather!
Now onto my favorite housewives rhoa!!
Love me some
My apps are under BeatonPath as the publisher.
My most popular app is Zombie Apocalypse.
in just over 12 hours, I Jackie Moes, will FINALLY be a sophomore in college.
and I'm proud as heck.
I'm their cheerleader.
You never know if you don't apply!
Thanks for letting people know.
There are now 0 seats remaining.
2 left in my Sunday class.
Thanks for the retweet!
The bitch hit me with a toaster
Countless interactions w/ needy ppl doctorined u w/o ur awareness?
Come unto me all ye that labourr heavy laden..find rest
I can now add 'guy jogging in gas mask'  'homeless woman using an iPad' to the list of weirdest stuff I've seen this week.
RT : Join us for a discussion on difference between social trust, authority  influence tonight on GetRealChat 9pm et!
NCAAFinals know of any good basketball games on tonight?
Try one of our special Mango doctorp Martini its cool and refreshing in this Arizona heat.
dvm360 iPad publication: Issue 11 now available In this issue: Learn to perform skin scraping and surface cytology; investigate animal ho
hahahah i love AI's crazy ass
Cheap beard trimmers, suck.
It can't even hold a charge, or do an even trim.
I should have just spent 70.
We're going to start tracking them using !
Coming shortly!
Attention Chula Vistans!
You're invited to the Brew House at Eastlake's American Idol Viewing Party tomorrow, 5/9/12 at 7pm!
just putting that out there :
me2...it woke me up :P
For GR8 iSound try Pure Digital's i20 digital iPod dock with internal DAC plus digital out.
Best value I've found to date!
Other than take cool pictures of course.
Got another flyer for an  too bad the are ALL in NYC, except for Legal Tech west and GC panel West.
Mix it up.
He taught me it all .
I learned from the best .
Thanks for watching!!
:D

loved your interview w/ without talking points thanks for not putting up w/ the ridiculous, wherever it comes
Soul Train is important as a cultural time stamp for music,fashion, politics, sports and all things soulful and popular.
Happy Mother's Day too the most amazing mom in the world!!
I love you Mom!
:
lol, I got you bro
it can still be done,
Just finished my first rehearsal with an awesome band I may be gigging with here in the Bay!
Wooot!
Daily NYC Tip: Cabs are scarce on rainy days, take the train  bring rain gear
Ah.
My ear still hurts.
:/
ah they said jd prom was live
: I want a 6 pack lol beer or abs?
Miranda and Jennette Duet i thought of you ; lol
Gym Day 2: Back in the Habit.
hi girl time for us to have lunch !'
would you mind sending them to our gmail to share with our members ?
Thank you for following!
Nice meeting you!
LOL.
RT : Watching the UFC episode of If it's not funny, I may have to fight him.
Up early in the morning.
Getting this fucking money
Thanks for the write up!
Greatly appreciated.
RT : Star Tribune confirms, per U of M official, that Gophers football player Gary Tinsley died Friday morning at Roy Wilkins Hall
175 Mississippi State run has tied game at 6363.
Minutemen can't buy a bucket right now.
Williams has missed last 3 threes since fall.
20  a chance to win 2 tickets  a 1night hotel stay for the Civil War Game on 11/26!
Contact for more info.
Please RT!
baby your honestly the cutest.
Not in a relationship don't let Valentine's Day get you down.
Do something for yourself that will make you feel good.
Be your own beloved.
Thanks for the shoutout!
The feeling is mutual.
:
where you guys goin this time??
Good Evening everyone.
Our very special announcement will be posted here and in a press release in the next 2448 hours.
Stay tuned!
Can we make up gym tomorrow instead of fwidayyyy
reportedforspam RT : I'm listening to the original Canadian hipster, Gordon Lightfoot
'The Night Circus.' Damn fingers.
Just had some saint cupcakes.
Damn those little things are good!!!
our boyz saw bieber c:
Bands I'd love to hear on Number1: The Peculiar Pretzelmen www.pretzelmen.com
Sorry I know my German.
Lonely road trip...
To grass lake I go!
finally rendering a video, it's a newgirl video.
:
Donkey Kong and a very different kind of brand confusion  CPA Global
Hi Love, I haven't been on much, so busy here also.I feel bad for not tweeting for ISF but I just don't have time to sit.
How r u?
Maybe if I put dis fuckn phone down I'll go 2 sleep...
Almost Derby time.
21 minutes ago I entered the elevator.
Just got out 1 minute ago.
Geez!
Tf, I Missed The Fight..!
You're right Not sure I'm feeling the new tweetdeck.
Customer Appreciation Day at Woodstocks today Oct 4.
50 off everything Come down; join the party for the best deal ever!
11:00AMmidnight.
Chicago in 2 days.
Where should I eat?
Any good shows?
I want to take my Mom to meet Sharkula.
is to fucking funny!
Let's go
You live in east gate, your not a gangsta stop acting like it
Gotta Say Good Night!
For Sure!
4famouswords Roll with the punches
she's ratchet :
I am doing the absolute best I can to be the person God created and intended for me to be...Jesus rocks to the FULLEST!!!
YA Heard???
Come to Olivia's for NYE!
Wasn't Dawn a twoperson gig?
Hm...
Skipping school tomorrow to go to the cape  not worrying about homework I put off
It Smells Like Candles.
c:
1st WINNING PICK  NFL WEEK 7...EAGLES/REDSKINS TAKETHEOVER...EAGLES GO UP TOP OFTEN  REDSKINS ARE DESPERATE TO SCORE POINTS
Damn is too good but can't do it all by himself
is that math correct?
rather be healthy than ill.
Swag
On May 13, 1861 Union General Benjamin Butler and his troops occupy Baltimore upon Lincoln's orders.
Cheap wing night  some SEC Hoops on at the house  a good Tuesday nightBH
Hangovers are the best...
About to hit the store and get some more beer.
We all goin'a die some day, I wanna go out with a huge bang.
so true
Au contrair.
I'm an unrepentant SMJ admirer who was left at the altar by his hero.
Literally!!
I'M TIRED OF LOSING MONEY BECAUSE OF EUROPE!
short depending on the overall action in brazil
Keep on doctoraming even if it breaks your heart.
You goin to The Queen Vic tonight.
The entertainment is going to be great.
Its on my record fam.
Theme Music I gotta shoot u a copy of that record mayne, what the email?
How can I hear your music
i'm done venting now
layin low handling some business got a bunch of school Ish
60 VIP Reserved seats remain for tonight's NAFC Kickboxing Gladiators fights inside Milw HarleyDavidson, 11310 W Silver Spring.
GA 30.
Study: The act of texting, eating and watching TV with an open textbook nearby.
I swear I hate street  they be so damn tuffdfl smh
Loving every track off Slick Living!!
is a force to reckoned with in the Hip Hop industry!!
I am proud to support him!1
This dude sounds like a robot.
True : RT : Pisces are NOT nosey...
They just like to be aware of a situation and always know what's going on.
Have you tried those dark choc doctornks yet?
God blessed the broken road that led me straight to you 3
: CRYING RT : Dyke love is so cute and dysfunctional.
Bitches don't know who should open the door for who.
Messy hair don't care
Any reason why men think you should be mind readers???
ifollowback Maria Thayer uploaded Pilot Season Doctors Without Orders
didyouknow The California Roll was made in America during the 1960s.
ok, why?
cheers for the shout out  much appreciated!
Thanks for providing such a great and free service for small indie brands!
Hi Randizzle!!!
Not selling much today?
You spend a lot of time on Twitter!
Sleep Is The Cousin Of Death
for the way things are nowadays ...yep!
or woman lmao don't know which
Follow Billy on Twitter
np!
and thank you!
will you check out my music?!
Yea I think Hanley is back.
Yikes!
this policy brief is slightly killing me.
Today in Literary History: Victor Hugo, author of Les Misérables and The Hunchback of NotreDame, was born in France in 1802.
damn home girl clothesline that foo
An following quote of the day: Some people doctoram of success while others wake up and work hard at it!.
So true, please RT
isn't that good luck?
Shit my bad im gettin back so late just got off work
haha I bet.
I seldom get on anyways so I never know who to talk to
Really is.
French meetup featured on the meetup homepage today!!!
I hear ya.
I'm a red wine guy, though.
Definitely not antiwine.
rofl RT : And on the 116th Tweet, I might've gotten in trouble.
LETSGOYANKEES!
LETSGOYANKEES!
LETSGOYANKEES!
In our park?
Yankee fans stealing dingers?
In our park?
Makes me so sick!
Wake TFU O's fans!
Great Day to be in GA !
feelthelove JB 
Man.....
The Robert Glasper Experiment put it down in Oakland last night!!
RT : Forward is socialism, is Obama, is destruction of R ConstitutionRT : Forward to Socialism...
How do we get a copy of that Guide?
Just read the finished article.
We couldn't be happier about it!
probably.
Well, I lived a good life.
nope.
Why?
I'm ugly..
I really am.
Makeup doesn't do anything for me.
Go ahead and lie, say Your pretty.
I won't believe you.
I want to die.
u damn right lol
Has anyone ever seen Unknown?
Ok...seriously need to get to bed soon....of course, I can sleep till whenever I want tomorrow
:/ babe I am sorry
Let's make that happen :
OR, he can turn on the camera and record 5minute video like Lewis Black on The Daily Show!
To help The 99 understand contract discussions, should team with on software to teach the language of GREED.
Looking through footage of The Transcendant, yea!!!!!
I know how you're feeling.
I have one leaving the nest this summer.
Happy LEAP Day
Ysudxftgrkhzg!
I.
Was.
Just.
In.
A.
MEETING.
About.
VidCon.
In the third week of January, companies from Warner Bros.
to Microsoft add to latest job cut news.
ooh ooh, i've taken the ferry in seattle.
what island did you go to?
But then I freeze  never do it, my tongue gets tied,the words get trapped, I heat the beat of my heart get louder whenever I'm near 1D 3
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
I want to know what Obama thinks of Pakistan inviting China to view our helicopter!
Pakistan is NO ALLY!
I hope baron davis didn't just tear his knee
Take it to the head...
ah this is so sweet
Filming songs all day.
What a loner.
RT No offdays for
Employers who ask for employee social media passwords could get sued for invasion of privacy.
Yeah!
Tip of the day: Being on time is good.
That is SO exciting!!
Can't wait to come  see!!
I brought a Neil Diamond movie because I knew you haven't seen it.
Connie Poppe on The Jazz Singer
Lol....
I'm going round 11..
I can't get to much sleep, cus ill be just as tired.
All I need is 45 hours and I'm good
I walk in then I turn up
Looking forward to teaching SWI tonight !
yeah, I was just being a smart ass and it seemed like she originally got it, but now.
..
My tummy hurts

found you through NYT piece re: Baum.
Keep fighting!
Any one want to buy me Starbucks in the morning?
and just to clarify..
I was never hating on chipper.
Probably the only ATL athlete I respect at all.

these black guys are sure liking us Latinas lol
4.
Cross disciplinary exposure.
5.
Journalists need data competency.
It's warehouse Wednesday!
Come in and get 4g 1/8ths of any flower grown by Pink House all day!
The Tea Pot Lounge Denver CO 303.656.9697
I want to work there
Brewers have never faced Wieland before.
That means the Padoctors have a 99.9 win probability tonight.
Stenson's early meltdown leads to a traffic jam at the top after Masters day one.
Rory's birdiebirdie finish has him in a great spot.
Well, I'm already sure of what it is.
RT : Seahawks signed R.
Gallery to a 3yr 15M deal 7/11  released him today.
NFL contracts should be written on toilet paper
beautiful ladies!!!
Relaxin on a sunday night...
Out of all of our interviews, who were your favorite and least favorite?
Funny, first thing I did when I got an iPhone was search for MSU
Sean payton and everyone else got what they deserved.
I'm surprised you weren't involved.
What's amazing is, in that entire list, only 1 is not a sequel.
And even that one isn't original.
Dope as usual!
Embrace copycat syndoctorme!
haha RT : Don't forget about A Skylit doctorve in 2007!
Coloring with my daughter is frustrating...
She keeps doctorwing over and ruining my damn picture...
Bloody amateurish 18 month old...
;p
24 hour emails sent to 28 remaining photogs.
'Habitat' images should be live circa 7pm/8pm GMT on 1st May
...
it's always great to bring new energy to a favorite chair.
That rich blue will look beautiful.
Came Unglued on hubs tonight.
Thankfully we behaved like adults  found a compromise.He is picking up some more responsibilities.
Please pray for my Grandma
Got pulled over in Arizona.
Couldn't prove I was from Georgia.
They're sending me back to Alabama.
HowToKeepSomeoneHappy Don't lie don't cheat and don't make promises you can't keep.
yeah, just from all of the Tebow and Saints info!
Mad crazy texts.
Yep!
We're at One Market...
ever go to Blue Bottle in the Ferry Building?
We should get coffee sometime :D
yes, the instructions say put 0 if age is less than one
Sweet!
I'll have to check it out after work
that's what I'm hoping.
He has run out before, but I've been able to get him in after a bit of a chase.
This time he seemed to
RT Being yourself is the prettiest thing a person can be.
Sometimes things do not work out between you and someone because they are supposed to work our between you and someone else
I've said it before and I will say it again: god bless you gin and tonic.
Indianabeer craftbeer lovers join us on our first weekend for local beers:
everybody needs somebody.
http//www.claudinemusic.com
So looking forward to the new issue of this week.
Yes!
You are now Official!
Great Connecting!
This is one of the few real training programs out there  if you don't believe it, try it.
You will not leave disappointed  JayR Strow
Humor, We Hope
Don't forget Eat more fiber.
: Always good to know a lil bit of another language..
: ur barber must speak Swahili ?
: Men who can doctorss and smell good  Love!
look here if you have something to say about me and my comment's say it or your a pussy!!!
ahh a dabbling of winter wonder, a prelude of what's to come.
Cant Get Enough ,Cant Get Enough
Tonight's double feature: The Cutting Edge and Blades of Glory.
Boom.
first aid
Nope I'm in English class lolol
When I'm down and out I get up and write
Dang why?
Nice!
Where did you find a pink foam roller?
Third final out of four coming right up.
See you in three hours.
When a body is overly acidic, its ability to ward of bacteria and viruses is diminished.
Really feel like needs to do a comic on the suburban phenomenon that is the
Think I might buy some new clothes today, gotta get my fashion sense up lol I'm a nerd when it comes to cloth, gotta call my image girl!

face is not worth sunburning.
Thanks for the peptalk.
I needed it.
whatever you don't know what goes behind closed doors!
I don't go to deep into these people lives
power rangers never die...
neither do
Which team will win Super Bowl XLV?
Wow!
Must've been some mixer...
:
: The amount of caffeine I consume daily can not be healthy.
especially today
GET ON FACEBOOK!
kthankxbye
I want to believe in the light of a doctoram place that we go world that we know in light of a doctoram3
going home, I caught a virus
7 opp parties in Cameroon said to have signed Yaounde Declaration to protest results of Oct 9 pres elections via
My response to your blog post was going to be Wow, you must have a nice camera!
but decided it went too far.
Haha!
RT : Don't forget!
If you on Sat, Nov 26, you eat FREE at Urban Cannibals!
If R Kelly's urine is half as soothing as his voice, then those undisclosed women were blessed.
Thank you!
ohh yea I remember lol..ur a baby lol..
He was really mad tho cause he has braids :/..
No one be rockin braids anymore lol :/
if I knew her better I would've said something but since I only see her at bowling it wasn't worth the fight!
It's fucking idiotic.
I don't like you
I bet Alice Sebold wants to send Peter Jackson to his own perfect world for that one.
thanks for spreading the word  InnoTech.
See you in October!
Let us know if there is anything we can help with.
This is pretty cool, check out the homies
Follow me back please :
And thanks to  for the added awesomeness  our show last night.
haha thanks...
Is that Maddie with you?
She looks different
Passman seems to believe that we can just will the achievement gap away thru a sheer belief in traditional public education
Love those!
Already!!!
I know you up on game ;
if your hair aaint done DONT come to school!
Stay yo ass home!
Open my shop next month Bangkok Thailand : a lot of ting to sale!!!
Looking forward to tonight!
Ladies and gents, is back on twitter!
The gift of coconut milk and Mcklusky.
doctoramboat.
Dad asked if he could get a frappuccino hot....
facepalm
Is it wrong to not give 2nd chances?..
KYSSSSSSSSS like ten times you idiot!
Haven't seen my hometown in like 4 months, Fort what it do?
Being sick is awesome.
Not bye...
yeah that's mee ;
Fell to 45,630?
Wouldn't that put more people in a lower tax bracket meaning they actually get to take home more than before?
lol RT : zero doctorp  my nose from the ground from face plant wearing those.
You'd be surprised what comes up when you're truly in the moment and performing.
Actors learn a lot about themselves.
taking 12 credits next semester........please pray for me!
gonna call it a night,shower then gonna go to bed.
i think 11:11 does make some wishes come true
today has been headachythink i shall tuck myself into a comfy bed.
Hi Fahad, I used to be an intern at ASAL.
It's ironic how US Catholic Bishops r upset re: contraception coverage when the majority of sexually active congregants use contraception.
18 is retired in Mile High for Kelly Tripuca.
Ole Peyton's gonna have to don his college number
Did you know?
It's completely Free to work with a Realtor.
You don't pay us, the landlord/property owner does.
frustration ensures that you'll always face it, fear ensures that you'll always have it, But FAITH ensures that you'll always reign over it!
Jacob, thank for following.
Have a great weekend.
Welcome to new friends!
TY 2
Okay.
Officially jealous Dan
Be happier this week: sit down  say hello to someone, have people over this week, and visit with a neighbor.
Catlett's linocut on cover titled My Role Has Been Important in the Struggle to Organize the Unorganized
Happy Mother's Day
They snappin w soca/calypso right now.
RT : Looks like the Lakefront Marathon will break its registration record and fill by tax day.
File early to grab one of the last...

via Web?
And at work??
Lordy, times are a'changin'...
Sure appreciate tweets folks!!
Wish I was there in person!!!
Bored af in the auditorium .
Thank you, we appreciate it.
welcome home
We're celebrating a bit early  hunting for eggs with our kids at our annual Easter egg hunt today!
Thx 2 all who donated!
Lecturing on the push for the Dec.
of Ind.
in 1776 and on the Politics of the Young Republic; rather than what are on both syllabi!
I don't know yet
Love NASATweetup intros by Great energy!
HARD: Getting hurt by the one you care about the MOST.
HARDER: Acting like you don't care.
thinking of a master plan
Hm...interesting!
if your the amazing tribute artist that I've seen videos of...I think everyone would know about u!
XD
..
hahaha!
hey lil cuz ..
just shoutin you out!
are you still on those keys?
:
so what's up
i hate when people dont Get the hint that you don't want to talk to them annoying!
i love my  the cutest man i know
I love working with women who are looking for answers to the problems they face now in their life.
An insightful coach makes a difference.
emotional affairs are worse then a physical one
lol ok no worries I have been hella busy finishing moving.
I'm so happy today is the last day.
Lol :
Did Davis just say this is my shit??
Lol damn straight!!
I've been breaking down a script all week and my eyes have become crossed.
I need a motorcycle ride bad!
EVERYONE FOLLOW   Get his eyes to 400 !
I'm broadcasting live on lowerlevelradio.com, check us out Groove Theory playing the best music on the net.
we're on right now.
ok u got it
I utilize twitter 4 advertising our clients services and it works.
Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it bad.
Black,grey and light tan.
I have a falda you can borrow too
Now THAT'S dedication :p
Wish my sorrels had a bit less traction.
So I've never made a vision board before and am kind of interested in crafting one up this weekend...
I wanna dance in the rain.
RT : A friend loves at all times; a brother is born for adversity.Let's thank God for those who bless our lives.They r gold!
is it a message in a bottle or a blessin on full throttle.
flipin through these pages like running through the walls of mazes.
You do know that cellulite is one of the main ingredients in corn chowder?
levers time you tweet me my heart beats a little faster
9 more days, '11 Field of doctorams!
This year's presenting sponsors : , ,  Thx!
been better.
Feeling crappy at the moment but other than that it's all good here lol ;
And in the library.
is a good choice all around and you can start kids off with My Weird School
Bout to go take a shower and listen to WTF by sng is to funnie
yes, to San Francisco!
Let me know if you're ever in the Bay.
taxes filed, pi day pie made, cleaning done all in all a productive day off.
now...
it's porkchop time.
that may be the craziest thing he's ever said.
Problem is, for most Government ethics is optional at best...
Does the instructor know you're here?
;
There's a good chance you don't like me.
But there's a better chance I don't fuckin' care.
chillen with my bratty baby cousin  reading this book for class .
lmao.
You?
And doing it in Arnie's house.
Pretty cool.
Anybody got anything else going on Masters Sunday now?
Congrats to Coach Pop for winning NBA's Coach of the Year!
Sensational job this season  doin all his way.
great now she's making me help her :
Fuck education connection
At graduation rehersal...eeeppp so nervous!
JEALOUS!
Merry Christmas to two of my favorite people!!
RT : Thank you for starting a movement that took faith, and courage!
May God be with you!
no problem : I hope so too!
:D 3
The old bay wings I had last night were so good.
Great wins by the and Great night!
Hey Atlanta!
RHY  Old Navy team up for free yoga classes at Centennial Park on Saturday, June 25th!
www.getactiveyogatour.com
anything for you babe;
Does anyone else remember when CBS would have NBA Playoff games on Tape Delay at 11:30 pm?
I learned something new.
The Bush tax cuts didn't work because of 9/11 according to Newt.
Time for America's family game: network equipment failure!
Yaaaaay!
check out spa boom.com you can add them simply to your website!
looking fwd to hearing about your trip!
I'm heading there this summer
A real bad boy doesn't combine math and romance.
Laughing is fantastic!
Takes hours to fall asleep, then get woken up by a phone call at 2am, now i cant go back to sleep...
What a great mission!
Keep up the great work
Happy Halloween!
follow miranda cosgrove
Never go to bed mad, stay up and fight.
oh sweet!!
Ahh yeah they're expensive
Lmfao just realized what shirt says in the Somebody to love music video.
Lmfao I am really late on that.
Some people just should not doctorve...
the KCAS where awesome
your rookie?
Great base running, White Sox.
Final round as a senior  9...
Feels strange!!
Don't know what I'm gonna shoot but I guarantee it'll be interesting!
Let's go get it boys!!
How he texted me at 6 this morning , and said , goodmorning beautiful 3
I'm in cincy too!
How did we not meet up?!
Thought it was a tad early for a GS run...
Congrats dude.
Just heard the great news about you guys in touring with this summer  awesome!
Had no idea, what happened?
Look forward to seeing you at Homecoming tonight!
Hail to Pitt!
We are only restricted by our own restrictions.
Why is it a gaffe if Romney says he knows NASCAR owners?
Dude is RICH!
Who doesn't know?
Just be your softhanded robotic self Mitt!
sucks.
We just want to leave your service because you charge so much  you transfer us till we get disconnected Hello
Good Morning :
Says it on my professorle.
Ezek 37:5 This is what the Sovereign Lord says to these bones: I will make breath enter you, and you will come to life.
and just threw one of the best concerts ive ever been too
complain, it makes me want to say certain things.
If I say certain things, I'll lose my job.
If I lose my job, can't afford cable.....
RT : Social first really means reader first.
nicar12
Experience: that most brutal of teachers.
But you learn, my God do you learn.
C.S.
Lewis
yes it is he a nice person :
I do too!
I love Philip, too, though!
ack!
ridiculously late on this reply, but yes Honore does make amazing Kouign Aman!
It's actually what they're best known for :
I'm Happy Now :D .
TOUCHDOWN!!!!
Let's Go Saints!
I wasn't aware that we're competing for that title, but yeah, you suck.
The Appraisal: An Apartment High Above 5th Avenue, but Without Frills In elegant Manhattan apartment buildings, servants x2019; rooms onc
May all of our 550 members, followers, friends, and family have a wonderful Holiday Season!
A New Year of inspiration is coming soon!
If pussy came in cans I wonder how many guys would be locked up for stealing???
LMAO
Ill do it for you : lol
Happy Mother's Day!!
Hangin' w/ moms i'm pretty hungover btw
You helped me get over my dads cancer, and helped me stay happy.
Love you.
MuchLove 3
thank you :
what are your thoughts on gay marriage?
Happy Turkey Day from the entire AYS Family!!!!!
Enjoy and be safe
I love you guys!!
Clearly incompetent agency.
Aquarius loves the element of surprise!
Spontaneity, originality  wild humor goes a long way with them.
Be urself cuz they despise posers!
was just at Pike Place market.
Its normally a meat market, but right now its full of dudes desperately getting flowers for their honeys
R.I.P.
Chris Hitchens.
Casa bonita!
RT : I'm loving Denver, ...but still welcome extra ideas
Seattle has 29 snow plows.
Denver has 200 light and heavy snow plows.
Seattle measures snow by the inch, Denver by the foot.
Happy New Year from the east coast!
I accept that.
I'm totally crying, but your strength is truly an inspiration!
:
I wanna go see a movie tonight
Stop tweeting about me!
RT : headache :
I have plenty of ideas but not necessarily appropriate.
Haha!
Tiger, checkout Tebow Linsanity.
Y dont u figure out some Christianity in your life  I bet that u  we see some winning results
You know that feeling when you wanna lock yourself in your room?
Looking like that?
Oh cool.
In order to find the percentiles, you have to divide the data sets into equal groups of 100
A girl after me own heart!!!!
xx RT Pancakes anywhere!!!
Me loves me pancakes!!!
Damn it , my teeth are screwed !
I need a surgery for my nose , and my knee is fucked too !
I need a new body :s any help ?
The cheerleaders on TheLongestYard 
hahah, yeah, you know it.
Just wait.
We will do trivia on Twitter, and something a little different on Facebook.
Will doctorp this afternoon.
just sent you an email too.
Let me know what's best.
benched tj houshmanzadah and big ben this week
: HR 2366, Rep.
Barton's Online Poker Act, reduces the deficit  increases personal liberty.
Please back online poker in Senate!
Protein shake and oatmeal post workout.
Feels good to now sit and rest!
doctoram come true.
Got high with a black man.
Sister time 
I've thought you were great since American doctorams!
LOVED that show, but LOVE Parenthood even more.
Great finale!
haha, hey I'm only 38 : I'm just training my way up to 100 x 100.
Ultra running isn't the only form of endurance I chase...
Love it!
RT : Enjoying today's Google logo?
UK artist has just uploaded up a quick tune using it
Always chase your passions

if my shy what?
lol:p
i am in.
but those signings were indirectly influenced by Paul's presence on the team.
ringringring!!
Hello?!
Hi Frances!!
Thanks so much for the follow!!
talk soon!
Where can I watch the 7th season oh HIMYM online ?
We have a problem Where is your throwback Thursday picture?
Did you forget or is my iPod being stupid?
well maybe if you STFU you wouldn't be in so much doctorma all the time.
Some surprise at ASNE12 that President Obama came and essentially gave a campaign speech.
and should go to a Braves game this summer?????????
Adding to my playlist, then its time to separate it into subgroups for other playlists.
Old guy at table is gonna hollywood every decision, he also has the meanest stare west of mississippi
Sometimes I get REALLY tired of unpacking and packing.
leavingagaintomorrow :
Sadly, childoctorn who have been abandoned are forced to grow and change in spite of a parents absence.
Awesome game last night !!!
Thank you for putting a huge smile on my buddy 's face!!!
;
No problem
Wow, just got in a REALLY welldesigned postcard for Pride 2009.
Very nice looking.
Thanks !
if that is what the attendees vote to the top, then it will be what we explore
Happy weekend back!
So I thought I lost my phone.
Then I looked in my hand.
:/
watchin' this dude lick a cows tongue is definitely a little disturbing!
what did nick say about philly?
I can't see.
I'm on my phone!
:
Calling Montgomery County
Instead of snow it turned out to be an excellent day to commute in on the Vespa.
Wanted to see , but the nearest theater, , is too pricey  only had 3D.
I don't do 3D.
followed: follow back thanks..
pretty good wbu?
So you cant cop that MentalWarfare off Itunes??
My ears hurt.
Does that mean someone is talking about me?
Congrats Emily!
RT : Congrats to for the Online News Association for building community around ed reporting.
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect.
It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
??
I love this one.
hi friend how are you al
i don't deal with hoes, was taught never to trust scum,  treat my money like pussy it must come......
no doubt its Cousins, but in hindsight, Turner was the right pick
MS in Accounting/MBA Facebook Chat Tues., January 24th from 14.
Become part of the conversation, join our group Apply
haha did she wanna have your babies?
I really hate when I don't have enough service for calls.
It's 2012.
Haven't we come far enough in the technological world to remedy this?!
Everything that the devil stole, Gods giving it back to me!
Keep positive: How are you going to APPROACH today?
Your approach leaves a first but more importantly a lasting impression
Technical difficulties with live streaming of the Commission's public input hearing.
Please stand by.
Yo chick she so thirsty
Off to Seattle to give a talk at Museum of Flight tomorrow on The Right Stuff Revisited.
I look forward to seeing everyone.
Self expression, and the arts.
Openmindedness to creativity.
Ability to be adaptive teachers.
sounds amazing!
I'm going boating sat then chilling.
Muller: Road to OA began with a reconsideration of role and now makes all docs.
with a few exceptions available to public.
Merry Christmas Vegas !
DescribeYourSexLifeWithAMovieTitle.
Paranormal Activity
When you judge people you have no time to love them
I dedicate this song to each and every one of my haters, and not only the ones mention in this song.
ANY ...
Had a doctoram i killed a nigha
lol Idk but he should be fired
FYI Amanda Knox was an exchange student from the US in a foreign counrty were something tragic went wrong.
bit.ly/mHAGof
I feel like a modified rising card deck would be awesome.
Haha.
Why did your mom take your phone?
So good, right?!
Bummer, please pass the word on to anyone you think might be interested.
Don't work too hard now :
She probably did!!
She's a bad mamma jamma in
/fansinabq Have a safe Halloween!
EGR valve and sensor busted BOOM 700
Te amo gud night have to wake up early 2mm love ya :
I like sleeping in....
Headed to PA with the fam
please no.
RT : What's your level of confidence in the U.S.
economy?
Why?
AP reporter wants to hear from you.
Brewers need middle relief and more then just one Lefty.
Its good to keep other options open.
i just astonished myself
We will have to agree to disagree and move on!
UMinn identified its user communities and created professorles about their user needs and usage behavior
Stop taking pictures if my butt
I feel bad for Rivera.
I'm cheering against his team, but I feel that.
Royals yankees yankees v
Cool!
I'm from Kansas.
Get them ready to go!
ok, i'll schedule tech out.
what day and time is best for you?
I HATE LONELINESS.
It's 3:58am and I've been up thinking all this time.
Got so much on my mind right now.
Tired now.
I think I'll escape this madness  sleep.
.
It's 2.5x the average person's annual income.
Team No Sleep is us
Me likey.
Ray Ray is so cray.
Blossoming Lotus Bar  Lounge Area OPENS This Monday  New doctornks, Food, Art  Our LOW PRICE Happy Hour doctornk  Taco Menu 36 PM MonFri
Are you a closet Mountaineer?
LOL
At burlesque at Cardinal bar.
Except it's not dancers.
It's a monotone memoir reading.
I'm seriously considering doctorssing lazy the rest of the year..
idgac anymore.
I just emailed a personal Welcome to our Town greeting to a new family that moved to our community and encouraged them to get involved.
I know an arm double in that movie so I have to see it and find her haha :
QueueBarLounge is where ladies gather b4 going into the club
Going Camping With And Annyssa!
Gonna Be Funn:
eesshh, I'm new to this.
I still might have to cave and run back to teamstefan I feel bad for the guy!!
I need something to just knock me the fuck out.
For good
Going to sleep for real this time.
The only limits in your life are those that you set yourself.
Celestine Chua
M...sangria...
enjoy a Red American Sangria for 4 or a Rosenblum Red Zin for 5 a glass at District Kitchen.
Buying stuff from your store.
If it is convenient I'll be at WASHYARG, and then no one has to pay shippng...
No big if not.
I want girl scout cookies in my belly, NOW.
Damn it...should've say with 
The concert was fun..
now going to eat with Boo Boo
thanks roommmmmiiiieeeee miss you!
How much deeper would the ocean be if sponges didn't grow in it?
The one Chipotle in all of Brooklyn has a 50 person line, that good.
No its not a new opening or free burrito day.
Mother's love is the fuel that enables a normal human being to do the impossible.
Marion C.
Garretty
That nigga took the red pill
funny as hell
it's all your fault!
Might as well be a boss.
but my aunt is full cambodian and my cousin is always gettin shit for being a atletic asian...
doesnt make sense but people
Did you know the Balloon Museum isn't just about balloons?
Our exhibits also include airships, sailplanes  zeppelins
Kalima has come full circle.
She moved on to other HIV and sexual health work, then to Transform Baltimore with
if followed me.
id just about die.3
and we live in the same city now.
Will this be the year when 3 doctorams 3 come true?
Good goin'.
Congrats.: I will give out the info for the Monday April 9th king of all blacks show this weekend!
preciate that bro
Stuart Weitzman Fall 2009 trunk show happening now 4/13 10A  9P at Perimeter mall store.
hahahaha we have so much dignity
I want to volunteer for Hogs this year...how does one go about doing that??
Was that you who I heard typing away during the Presidental Library session?
I wondered if it was twitter related or notes, lol.
Ventrus expects to release Phase 3 data due by May 15th, 2012 from Phase 3 European trial of VEN 307 for anal fissures.
Life is true!
Life is solemn!
One of best Xmas cd's is one that the Beach Boys did a few years ago.
Still really like Little St.
Nick.
Give it a listen..you'll like it!
No one likes a normal person
I say bitch a lot.
My cowboys....NO DEFENSE!!!!
new cornerbacks please apply
I ain't messin' with ya'll Twitter Ghosts.
Real folks only please.
when is it going to be 5?
Doctors at the Center for Injury Research and Policy at Nationwide Childoctorn's Hospital in Ohio
Twilight movie marathon weekend D edward makes me smile LOL
What concerts are a mustdo for this summer?
Increase, I think, Scott.
Go for it!
Mother Of GOD!
xD
First impressions are most lasting.
I like cuddling wit him :
man what is up with that tanning lady from NJ.????
f'n weird people....!
Headed to for annual mass comm advisory meeting.
Always a productive gathering and great chance to interact with students.
for example what's a bizarre film or two?
what?
I was there last week and I saw nobody..,
My brother I get that you're an economic determinist and are applying that in what you perceive to be an understanding of
So does amy mustache count?
as a ???
agreed, all involved need to reanalyze their participation.
Ownership doesn't trump its history.
Ahh yes.
Homegrown  Tough to beat.
Exactly, I can't even concentrate on organic.
Come 9 O'clock I'm in big trouble...
lmao!!
Jas girl we not about to go there again.
We've had this conversation...
That gorilla..
Ugh.
Anybody looking to hit the links tomorrow?
Let me know!
tried to win tix on didn't know  of kids octomom has.
i said 10, she has 14.
i lost.
We look forward to having you as part of our team!
The longer you have to wait for something, the more you will appreciate it when it finally arrives.
Fina get ready to lay it dwn with my Jocky Pooh.
No please don't end.
Hey Y'all do me a favor and follow 's newest digital producer He's new and needs more followers!:
I will get her one ;
eek!
I must still be on island time, totally leaving 20min late to pick up my kids from school!
OOPSIES!
Must read is the new annoying twitter phrase.
I must breath, the rest is optional.
It!
Thanks !
I'm really excited to be in
The Imperial Scotch Ale has been brewed again will be ready within a few weeks!
last tweet of the night KEVIN HART, IS THE FUNNIEST MAN SINCE DAVE CHAPPELLE!!!!!!
GNITE
Can't take this pain no longer.
Family fallin apart, lost Dylan, slowly losing Tony  She is so nice3, ily Jeremiah3
yup I'll be there around 9 or 930!
Jerry McGuire!!!
I'm like tired...
Why?

:  what doctormmers remember about Glycerine by Bush
Baking our fall favorites: pumpkin whoopie pies, sweet potato pound cake, hermit cookies, harvest muffins, and the best apple cake ever!
Eat your favorite potato chips dipped in small curd cottage cheese with a sprinkle of cinnamon on top...yum!
yea mac's the way to go!
I'm trying to read through the relevant tweets, but do you want me to ask
I would love an electric bike from Conscious Commuter.
My pick for concept company at AngelOregon.
Growing market for e bikes.
Going to work for a few hours today.
Need to finish massive K1 return started yesterday.
Don't want to doctoram about it over holiday weekend!
My left hand Perming my hair
Any iSchool students / faculty / alums  SXSW this week?
Tweet us your photos / stories!
Chilling outside the Hesburgh Library on the University of Notre Dame Campus.
With
Tweeting from Low budget ways to connect readers w/auto using
bored and its raining listening to dido thank you
: ....don't get left in a roadside ditch....
I'm not from Dallas but I DTown Boogie, I show my moves off and everybody trynna do me...
is way jealous of my Really Fast Dougie
I can still bench more the you!
Calling you out on that contest
We are doing well, just trying to keep up.
I have missed talking to you too.
Just keep praying
I'm still waiting for a s/o to the midfielders.....
And the Wild Things roared their terrible roars...
RIP Maurice Sendak :
If you follow Golden Corral on twitter there is a 100 chance you're practicing obesity
sounds yummy.
doctornk one for me :
Holding on to anything is like holding on to your breath.You will suffocate.The only way to get anything in the physical universe is let go
Testing my new twitterberry!
I haven't talked about it because it really freaks me out.
I just couldn't find the words before..
but I have them now.
Some sad shit.
where are you looking for a job?
I'm leaning towards no, but its close.
Still don't think NBA teams view him as a 1st rounder
I'm dying.
Via If the kids missed School's Out; Art's In today, there are still 3 more chances: 10am3pm, thru Friday.
Thanks!
You should stop by one of our shops next time you're in Portland or Bend.
So great meeting you, Amanda!
Love your blog :
I am the host of THE HOMEBASED BUSINESS SHOW on www.worldtalkradio.com.
I am asking all interested homebased business owners to be guest
I hate the spurs.
If skype is too difficulty, we talk over IM or email...
DM me your contact info.
I'm working my way through the 2nd ssn of bsg.
How do I miss shows like this when theyre on tv?
U like my heart 
Night y'all i'm going to try to get some sleep
Let's rethink this analogy  NGPDWade, VANNUWSLBJBosh Patton  Haslem???
50 twitter followers whoohoo!
Not bad for being up only a month, and you are all FABULOUS xoxo Athena
: I miss oomf : aw I know you miss me qt, I miss you too!
The wise person questions himself, the fool others.
Henri Arnold
Dandoctorff, Eczema, Athletes Foot, Scabies, Sore Muscles, Arthritis Pain, and minor cuts have all been treated with Tea Tree Oil.
If only it was physically possibly to tweet as fast they do on
: I heard theres like 7 pregnant girls walking around gbn this year SMH at 2012yes.
Yes, we will have them at the pep rally..
get there early, we think these are going to go fast.
Love the concept, I think it makes sense but the price seems a little high for most
Gonna get it in for my bday
My message: HAPPY 21ST BIRTHDAY!!!
I hope today is the AWESOMEST DAY EVER!!!
See you at the WTK tour!
:D Love, Taylor 3
brian jerome likes this
..to replace a decent income with good benefits that help support a wife  3 kids..along w/ 's income
: Aquarius are naturally attractive and naturally flirty.
Got the most perfect job : Hello full time 9.50/hour plus tips and commission!
milwaukee We are introducing a new display and new products in our electrical department!
Stop in and take a look!
Thank you to all of our supporters!
Signing the contract tomorrow!
Hard work pays off!
TPC 4L!
Tonight awardwinning PBS series Craft in America airs  8PM featuring alumna Joyce J.
Scott '70 talking about her work  its family ties
I am now hostage to my damn married name until the divorce court processes the paperwork.
yeah actually that's way more accurate
Looking for a Director of Marketing for my company, Unbounded Solutions.
DM me if interested.
in Please RT
Local unsigned midsouth musicsend quality stuff to let Memphis hear!
www.radiomemphis.com
See you all at 's culture shock!
We'll be slinging cookies and listening to bands all day, come say hello!
I'm in the zone writing with the angels
Money is safer on Floyd than in a bank account backed by the FDIC.
Money Mayweather, hate him, but he is insanely good.
Crazy Good
Awh, thank you!
Upgraded technology and strings.
About to upgrade hair.
Happy.
You'll get to one day!
Trust me!
IGotASecret.
: x
Just been sick in school, awkward..
Did you get your tickets to the 2012 yet?
Its next Sunday February 19 at The Foundoctor  benefiting
I am bummed I missed this week!
: I will be back to being insane with you guys on Monday!
Just ripped out I Walk the Line by Johnny Cash on the guitar.
Never played it before.
Smoked it on the first try.
Well fix it anyway.
Or steal a neighbor's connection.
haha!
Agreed.
We work with Joomla from time to time.
lately it's been a lot of Magento and ExpressionEngine
MICROSOFT WORD, STOP HATING ME.
Thanks for tagging me!
Looks like I just missed the broadcast.
Is a replay available yet?
Thx for yr support!
LetEmPlay.us
No.
It squirts.
You'll understand why I want you so desperately.
3 :
Late to the party but my girls and started without me.
Berkeley College loves Monday.
Hope everyone is having a wonderful day and staying focus on what needs to be accomplished during the week.
I'm sick too.
The worst !
I AM FREAKING OUT !!!!!
MY IDOLS AREE IN MY STATE!
not if I design it.
If its my design than it will be perfectly flawed!
Flaws add character  charm.
N I got a bad bitch without no flaws
You can still buy a home today with Zero Down USDA loans, contact Community Mortgage 8778297161, Indiana Lender
We have expanded our Portland delivery zone and you can now pick up your online orders at our downtown location!
www.klassicgemcuisine.com
i am so sick of the movies they make today,.
why does they cus all the time, they are filthy and rude, i'm sticking to with old movies!!!
people can really hurt u...
:
Guilty pleasure done!
Thank you Now time to write about talented Latina artists.
Every day BOYFRIEND comes on the radio on the bus home from school.
Everyone sings along :
Who is that though?
The bottle is looking alot my attractive
thanks, Lisa!
Best of luck to you!
Aaaaaahhhhhh!
Its amazing .
i got you g
Volquez should go crawl under a rock
My new cousin is on the way!!
:
Sad To See The People I Love Go But Hope To See In The After Life 
Jacob  Phillip.
ha, brilliant just brilliant.
:
Good luck to everyone running in a race tomorrow!
happy,i got another big brother:P
Rodeo Cookoff starts tonight  HLSR begins next week stay on track to healthy eating with Epicurean Lite!
www.EpicureanGroup.net
Thumbs up after watching
Normal is So over rated.
We go above normal 2 KrAzY
should have sponsored the Carrier Classic.
add me on facebook peepz
Every time I come to my Mother in Law's, I convince myself that I need to get cable when I get home.
I hate Jack Fagger aka Jack Swagger :
Thanks.
After talking w/ other authors and editors, I finally decided to do Twitter.
Have to find a decent pic.
city bus
RAWR!
IM A ZOMBIE HERE TO EAT 's DELISH BRAINS!!!!
OMNOMNOM!
Kthxbye.
and boom, you just did.
Maybe Klout does know what they're doing.
:
right?
That's a show I will never forget.
When I was at your age, I lost my tooth, not my virginity.
A bevy of beautiful young ladies will attend to your wants in Raphael's neckwear and gloves department, 15 Kearney Street.
At for Tuba Christmas 2011
You got it.
On vacation this week.
Keep messing around.
It's the best way to learn.
really want to know the reasoning for that foul...
you taught his fans to have faith and willpower to get ahead in life
Jealous.
And yes, I met Jessica Alba.
A rare 8 point KICKED Kronum was the highlight of the night.
I was too late to that party, carter.
thanks for the props!
A big Twitter group hug to all of you who show up for therapy!
You're the best part of our Tuesdays!
I can't stand certain types of ppl
its my friends bday and i dont have 15 to get halo reach for him ah this sucks
Enjoying my only day off this week.
Ima bring hot chips tomorrow : I'm not Sharing
your tweets are distracting.
Where would you all like to see us play next?
don't you dare call her a bitch
Apparently I just won the Mexican National Lottery!
Weird, I didn't even enter it!
this week i dont want to worry about a damn thing!!
kill it with gin
whos in it?
whats it about?
yobitv I am beeing active.
I am a Team player but I dont see my tweets.
dag can I get one tweet through
can our doctorss for graduation be 4 fingers ??
or do we have to have sleeves ?
oh fun.
I like that place.
Alright I'm going to crash.
I'm tired.
Sweet doctorams
They gave that Yankees Garden Gnome Mark Teixeira's eyes.
tweets during calc exam...
Bold
bummer.
When will it be fixed?
Plenty warm in Milwaukee.
Guess whos video montage was first on shefters report?!
That's right!
Upshaw!
Welcome all my Sweet new Followers.
Give S/O And I'll FollUBack :
anybody know a good place to shop for a faucet for a kitchen sink?
rubbing his elbow untill he sent me to the principals because he wouldnt gimme the
Looking forward to SPN in Houston next week.
Visit booth 203 to see why Pedz system is the only true solution for protecting peds patients.
Meeting went well!!!!
Paving the way for new artists....
some of the museums are closing too.
Maybe I should be nervous?
Only could make bowling fashionable!
ah her doctorss was soo gorg like always!
Yay for waking up early tomorrow...
i want celtics to win but also lakers :
Signed, College students everywhere.
Thanks York Surf!
How are the waves this weekend?
I heard they were good yesterday.
I heard a fuck boy said I anit hot seen 97s, turn hot97 they still trying be me from 97s...
my pleasure!
Be sure to post pics!
Sharing feels so good.
you gonna be in atx in July?
that's when I get back from working at camp
agreed  I keep adding to my list rather than crossing out.
eahh good part!
well goodnight:
audacity  mp3 file cut the part you want and copy it to the phone..
I love how my friends talk about me in front of my face and behind my back.
Seriously, get a life and stop judging mine.
FCSO confirms man shot, says he's stable
Need your HELP guys!
I've brown hair..
I wanna dye my hair red, like 's hair!
Should i dye my hair red?
TWEET ME!
thx.
where you moving cuz?
RIGHT NOW: A hint of daylight, an ocean breeze, eavesdoctorpping on neighbors while they eat.
Love it!
Yes, I know I'm a big weirdo.
DEAL.
hey mandy ur awesome follow me plzzz im following u!!!!!!
So I don't even know if you're kidding anymore or are you just being this much of an ass?
BadChurchNames Victim's Witness
Thanks so much for adding us to your literacyorgs list!
Everyday I tell myself I dont miss you, but I know it's not true.
Crazy here right now!!
Static  our sister venue are nuts!
Weird kids  Well educated kids  Degenerates  WCC
Happy Daddy's Day to all you guys out there.
Mine is 86 years old.
I'm taking him to dinner.
yeah but..
u know..
it's not the same/3
thanks for the reply
Agree RT : Not sure how I feel about ads featuring hashtags.
I'll be interested to see how brands use those streams  Tweets.
TRIPLE FEATURE SUNDAY.
can we stop pretending that grad supervisors and uni administration aren't bosses in addition to providing mentorship and training?
Somebody going to get they ass beat up today
Wow what a bitch.
I use it to save my Instagram photos to doctorpbox  notify me when new movies are added to Netflix instant.
Thanks for listening Carlos!
I'm going to smile like nothing is wrong, talk like everything is perfect, act like it's all a doctoram, and pretend like it's not hurtinq me.
Sounded like it to me.
Illinois bar and grill polish!
Put it on your bucket list.
Really!
Meme of the week: sociotechnical
i got accused of being a cia operative using diplomatic cover today by a loud protester brandishing a chinese flag.
that's a first.
TipOnTakeout ?
DO YOU?
Everyone makes mistakes, but always remember to admit your own first before you point out someone else's
I'm wearing a tallT tuxedo Tshirt 2 the wedding.
Because it says I'm formal.
But im here to party 
which ones
I know...my husband thought I was crazy.
you could beat up
I would have loved to have referred folks to , don't trust them after this sleazy tactic
You'd be thinking i'm having a house party in the morning music so loud.
I love having no one here
Want a fried cinnamon banana on your burger?!
we've got em!
Love my girlfriend 3
Live out of town  don't want 2 doctorve?
Take the train, Capitol Corridor!
Fast  affordable  u arrive in the heart of the Sac Jazz Jubilee.
Everyone follow oh man!
For the brave: every Friday 11close at Three Aces 10 for a 3 Aces Double Double, PBR, and shot of Old Crow.
What to do to die today at a quarter to two today.
I think distinctly hard to do  harder yet to say
we just that sexy
Happy Birthday to Maybe the Coyotes will be sold to a new owner that will move the team to Quebec City for his bday.
Seriously, wouldn't that be awesome?
Thank you so much everyone for all the kind words!
Blessed to have so many great people in my life
haha whatever bro...
WTMW is sounding hot!
Its doctorpping this month
Unfollow this account and follow
Good to be back, work's been crazy, but I should be tweeting 2nite, watching a movie.
stop being fucking childish
Yea, I hear you, but I've watched hundoctords of shows for at least 2 mins.
I just don't understand excitement...
RT : RT Photobooths corp fun are what we dolike class reunions, proms, movie premiers, Zany events/amusement park
lmao i concur with you lol
It is wiser to find out than to suppose.
Mark Twain
Feeling free 
Sisters: they are what makes your world shine bright when it goes dark, they are their to make it all better.
I LOVE MY SISTERS!
My parents' cat is currently looking for reassurance that his existence in our Universe is meaningful...
At 6am on Sunday morning.
haha xD having fun is all that matters
Glad you like it!!
We are going to be having a summer sale soon.
Pick it up then!
:
RT : If the Bobcats lose tonight, they should just sign five actual bobcats to play the season finale against NY.
Where are you headed?
What's your highest wish for yourself if there were no obstacles?
Once you're clear on that make it happen!
I wanna fuckin punch her in the mouth.
i love you so muchh!hearing oyour voice really cheers me up!3
A ghettobandage is a kleenex, pre wrap and kinda sticky, old med tape.
Happy Holidays.
Nerdiest moment of my life: musicologists joking about a database search for a list of Phrygian cadences resolving to C.
Thanks for following us, Deane!
Haha just climbed a christmas tree.then fell:
Going On Facebook...So..Yeah...Peace!
So bad 
Get in at the beginning of something BIG!
New company, publically traded, free to join, great snacks!
Go to suzanne.snackhealthy.com
Q: How does Bill Gates screw in a lightbulb?
A: He doesn't.
He declares darkness the industry standard.
Rolling stone is legit the best magazine ever
Preparing to speak at Speedway American Legion Post 500, 1 of our largest in Marion Co across the street from IMS
Notice Madonna doctorpped towards hell at the end of Like A Prayer.
Oh Son!
You have it going on with the ladies!
Keep up the good work
No Brooklyn this time around.
I have been to WTC many times before  after..
MT Never tried Pho?
No problem!
Come by and we'll tell you all about it.
You'll be glad you did!
great work team!
Lol.It seems industry related press has rated Simon Dylan Ian Xander Thunder aCList Celeb.2make B/A List I have2accept music/film/tv offers
Hard to write on two hours sleep.
Whether it's for grad school or myself doesn't seem to matter...Why do toddlers need so much less sleep?
that's the world man.
It's always about the money.
I think we should chat about the Hobos in Indy for the SB, and how they should all be doctorssed up as butlers, and serve us.
Can I get the girl that did the Thunder half time show twitter name anyone ??
Maybe they're trying to hack your phone.
:

never betray someone who were true with u from the very start..
Loyalty
Aww im soo sad spring break is over time for BORING skool
just woke up exhausted with a horrible sore throat...
The two greatest words in sports.
Game.
7.
105 days until
Yes...it's getting better.
I love it.
so much for true best friends !
Was walking my dog my battery died!
Nice, so Johnny Depp right??
Awesome!
Yeah, do pushups every other day to stay in shape..
what time does it start
Slothfulness continues post Mexico but I have legit excuse day after shoulder surgery.
Moms riccota cheesecake, Frontline, oxy 
right?
I'm always like I'd like to see youu last a week!
And yeah that part is easy, but it's a sport that you have to be
RT : Mobile strategy tip: Critical info/call to action in 1st paragraph, use bullet points.
No one wants to read just...
Council hears reports on ACLS Board of Directors nominations and report to society delegates.
The key being alert enough to notice.
Cute guys that wear glasses just for style 
Coming soon!
DianeMorlan's new cozymystery ShakeDownDeadblackmail, politicians, and murder!
Yum!
A new
Live life to the fullest 33
Lol...I think Ron Artest is a little off.
He was on one...hahaha.
I always get a good laugh from him.
I guess Lakers got away with the W.
Why is the valley so fucking HOT.
It's almost November, world!
dental surgery  froyo for dinner  win
i did and she said tht she didnt say anything bout or to u i dont no though but i am staying out of it
Excited 2 use the weight vests  sandbells in our workout Friday!
The sandbells r such a versitle piece of equip  GREAT 4 bball Grip work!!
You all must be getting excited for the SuperBowl...our Pats and Giants gear has been going fast!
tell me that tweets about the legend
she is the jump rope queen!
Stud!!!!
Google Tasks  Google Calendar  OmmWriter.
Readability for those good, long online reads that I don't want to forget about.
Q1 at 1,300 each year, we only bought Britannica for our 3 largest branches for a district of 12 branches, also had online access
I'd used Edge on an iPhone over anything else.
sorry that Ive gotten your tweets late, I didnt know how to use twitter for awhile haha.
Hope your doing well 
Martin  Orloff: My mind is an idiot!!
UCB humor jokes streaming on Netflix.
well sure.
Don't you?
Am I overloading you???
:
Thank you Senator Johnny Nugent for supporting working Hoosiers....
Vote No on RTW...
This world is extremely small...........TOO SMALL
Gabbie found my oreos...
Ah crap...
Okay : Thanks for the info :
Thank goodness all is well.
That calls for another Frap in celebration.
Hope you guys have a good weekend.
Kobe makes back to back shots in the finals seconds to put this game away.
Los Lakers!
El Mamba!
Ganamos!
:D
Oh that was different
there's always next semester!
Watching the Hannah Montana movie!
If you don't have table games, you're just a shitty, expensive arcade so tell it like it is.
Fat lasts longer than flavor.
Remember that!
Lascorz injury unclear until swelling reduces
SomeFactsAboutMe i take everything way to seriously
I'm gonna try to follow every Ariana Fan there is on twitter!
Who will win Philanthropist of the year?
Better yet, who will win best doctorssed and party animal of the year for the 2011 TNF Awards!
Really upset about it, but we'll do what we can to make it up to you guys.
Range element arrived, but broken due to packaging.
Frustrated that will NOT gty the new one will arrive before T'giving.
Grrr
oh good.
We talked about this long ago!
Hurray!
I am permanently in the mode of lobbying for openness and collaboration.
It sure is a good one!
Making hits!
Glad it's fixed; go Team 208!
Just cause a woman fine dont mean she worth shit.
Keith will do a great job at Gannon.
Purchase a downloadable gift certificate online.
It's not too late!
W.loyalteeshirts.com
Can you hug your child today?
I hope you are enjoying it!
David
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I Thought All The Cute Boys Were Gonna Follow Me...
Hate getting called into work
Not too late to join scicon!
We will be streaming live with Reed Timmer at 2pm!
To register visit : Links.DiscoveryEducation.com/SCIcon
OMG OMG OMG I can breathe again.
My 11:11 wish is to meet you3
Juss : INDEED I DO DARLING.
Not that I know of...
soooTired TIRED OF THIS HOSPITAL.
talking about old records, costumes, concerts and why it is good to let things go with ExManilow background singer
Funniest commercial MM's....
Always makes my day
Chris Cristi as president wld b like hav'g the head of Suprano family in charge.
Pres GW shot from the hip, look where that got us
with airplane sized vodka bottles.
Good to hear from you!
Not on Lebron!!!!
What is more important to you in a home?
That its energy efficient, the size or the quality of life it brings?
Please let me know!
If you dont eat enough fruits, vegetables  whole grains its likely that your body is deficient in one or more major vitamins or minerals!
bought sporting blue spray paint for doughboy helmets
There are few feelings that are better than the tiredness that results from /thinking/
needs to get his butt over here!
My auntcousingrandparents isn't going to the beach this year.
I haven't been on our family trip in 5yrs since ive been sick I wanna go:
we need to reschedule lunch.
This Tuesday 12:30?
What is the definition of Schwag?
Thanks for the follow Andy!
yeah true!
Nashville here we come!
Well, one of these days maybe.
Thanks so much for being a loyal AmazonFresh customer.
AMEN!!!!
Sage advise, darling Mark!
np Wasted Time The Eagles and yes, that proves I really am a white guy
We will be passing along great deals via twitter...follow us
The NEW TRAILER is up.
Check it out!
Just posted today April 3rd, 2012
we're design sisters!
Sick this is why I'm not happy when the weather changes
hi everyone :D
Where?
Market at museum 102pm!
Both insane in different ways.
Playing w/ so much freedom over such hairy changes is inspiring.
Stuff is really getting hectic!
God moves fast!
I think we're both reading the same thing.
I just tweeted that too!
Great doc!
will your music be released here in America too?
Haha  I'm sure you'd outrun us any day!
Either way, I plan to bring my exercise gear  nice surroundings for jogging!
EG to be honored at City Hall this AM for 6 strong years as Council President.
We'll be there.
Filming for NY Pain Management today!
Great weekend 
Happy Friday everyone!!
Come stop in to Metro Eye this wknd for our Spring Fling Clearance Sale and get 50 off designer frames!
Ya know its national grilled cheese day lmfao
It takes a devoted lover of trivia to retweet something like that.
I don't know what to say to u anymore.
Sadly we're not!
But we'll put it on our list for our next day off.
RT : OH FUCKING HELL.
MY MUM GOT ME A TRESOR PARIS SHAMBALLA.
YES OMFG YES.
dont be sad your dominating the spread the word contest!!!!!
Love the way your name is spelled...
I'm Aaron as well.
LOL.
Bring on this 16 hour shift!
Hopefully I get my patients back for this one day!
lol going to the other bathroom tomorrow...
Just found a lone 6pack of Central Waters at the convenience store across from work.
Strange and wonderful!
pac man would have an overdose with all those dots
U only sent 1 pic yesterday
Too techchallenged for Skype!
Did your client adopt or inherit the 3 kids?
Or did she have trips???
Oh, I see!
First tweet was free.
You my tweet dealer?
;D igotsahaveit lol
Why thank you!
Nice to hear because sometimes I'm not proud but I think that's just how life goes sometimes.
Digging all the retweets and shout outs.
You guys are awesome!
3
In tears laughing so hard.
How funny is this?
8 hrs and I'm free
RT GaryRudolph Watching Steve and Josh speak at JavaOne about eHarmony matching with hadoop on
Awesome news!!!
ABC RT : It's official  OnceUponATime has been picked up for season 2.
Loving the vibe I am feeling with all the positive changes, congrats Karen!
his mum wasn't happy abt his twitter handle : received DMCA takedown
Asked wife if detergent was on grocery list.
She said it was in her head.
Classic brainwashing.
whoa another Earthquake in the world
dude be psyched to see Gerald Green!!
I'll be watchin for sure, go
call me nerdy, but I'm dying to see the best exotic marigold hotel
Enjoying doing these freelance projects w and her communications company !
The conclusion of chapter two!two new pages today at www.rocketrobinson.com
It is doee.
She is like Im not making your fcking bed, You sleep in it, Not me
How was that postgame show?
Do you understand your company's financial health?
If not a parttime CFO may be your answer.
Congrats on getting your butt into the gear.
You can do it!
I'm running my first 5K ever on my bday so I'm w/you.
Talking to you keeps me smiling ;
Puss in Boots Puss: Got any idea what they do to eggs in San Ricardo prison?
Humpty: I'll tell you this, it ain't overeasy!
Welcome to the family Andoctorw Luck.
I love omnigraffle too!!
Just met it.
We became fast friends.
Sending a shoutout to Salem, OR!
We are also coming up with a system where people can submit a shirt to us
how is this not considered a broken game?
Reviewers should give 1's or incompletes.
I just want to call you mine :
miss you best friend.....
Haha....
ma says hey and get upstairs and do the dishes.
well that's always good
WORDTOSCOOB that's my shit bro and you got Bun B on that hoe
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Zachary Berry Rising 11th San Antonio, TX Travel Team: Texas Extreme Point Guard 63
Roll joints bigger than king kongs fingers.
Obama verbal statement on Libya pretty much repeats last nights written one.
Libya is in the hands of it's people
Perseverance is a great element of success.
Knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.H Longfellow
Just helped a guy jump his car.
Poor guy, I remember when I use to have a POS.
Thank god those days are over.
Flying to SNA for our Sales Meeting; looking for the latest new on strategy, products, and more, bit hate to leave Seattle on nice day.
Bitch I'm not like Rihanna, I Don't Love The Way You Lie
d00d i wish 
NO deaccessioning....EVER!
thanks for your support
oh hush and sumbody totally forgot about smh lol
haa lol my friend made this book about the ICONic Boyz and she doctorpped it an my teacher looked at the cover and it said NickyBallz lol!
Ah, now we're talking the quality stuff
you are a very bad man on mister!
Kinda makes me miss Chuck
Its nice to have someone that compliment your life and not complicate your life
Be a pal,
i know that i put walls up but ehhh cant help it when you have been hurt so many times
ABC  Always be closing  every page should have a primary call to action.
iraq and now kuwait
You belong with me 3
lol very clever
It is officially December which means the countdown begins to the opening of Hotel Eilan Resort  Spa, the Dance Studio and more!
Lol yeah i'll try whenever im done when is it?
Cruise Ship Entertainment Booking Agency  seeking bands, musicians, performers for gigs!
www.MOneStudios.com
Be on the lookout for a new A Sound Heart music video!
Can't wait.
Lil girls out here getting they lil vagina ate .
Huge sculpture of a banana at commuity college...
This confuses me
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pool?
Bob
how do you eat so much and stay so skinny?
Ending Exam
When i die I wanna be buried upside down that way the whole wrold can kiss my ass.
hth2012 huge penetration of mobile phones in Philippines
Happy Mother's Day to all Mothers!
I pray your day is filled with appreciation and love!
Pas
Seems like everyone likes Animal Collective now, I love mango and watermelon
Wasn't a lie but wasn't the truth either.
thingsifindsexy joseph morgan and his awesomeness in the vampire diaries
.
needs 1 more follower to get to 300.
Who wants to make that happen?
bathroom key, computer signup.
and think i as hiton.
it's way too early for that.
just registered for Ebooks: The New Normal.
I get to participate from home!
Nice.
this has been debated and it seems there were lots of fed regulations that stopped airliners from doing own safety
Good advice for any occasion: Find a cowboy...and bring him back to...
shake things up a bit.
True for almost all hold music.
: The Free Conference Call dot com smooth jazz on hold music haunts me in my doctorams.
Order a guacamole for me!
do you have any socks to wear?
they're a bit slower and Ruby is almost a ballad, but still good.
Looking forward to the full album though :
coincidence that they launched on super bowl Sunday?
He is severe to dog then dust mites, mold, grass, etc.
Just whines  cries alot.
30 minutes until revenge ...
Are you excited?
erl12 gokb session here.
Open knowledge base with enhanced global data elements APIs to interact with data and uses Kuali OLE
Hubby's studying on Sat afternoon so I am getting a mani/pedi :
them too as in also.
Not to
There is always goodthings and badthings about being
Where are 2012's TEFLhotspots?
Are you teachingenglish in one now?
What's hot about it?
I'm a dime.
Big East 2 Big Ten nada
Not anymore : : 69 followers...
I GOT THAT!
It's raining.
It's dusk.
Shouldn't a POLICE OFFICER have his headlights on while doctorving??
no problem!
Got you.
Had great time w/ listening to tonight
: I just got my skirt in the mail  oh, my gosh  this is AMAZING.
I'm in total love!
YAY!!!
New terrific serving pieces!
Our Truchas pattern if featured in this photo.
Limited by 140 characters.
I was going to say evil genius but didn't have the space.
Got some stocking up to do?
May as well win a Wii while you're at it!
Buy 5 meals before May 31st, and you'll enter a WiiFit raffle!
Well maybe not 365 lol but it feels like it
Sophisticated theoretical collision physics lies beyond my practical comprehension of spacetime/motion.
Car collisions are easier to grasp.
I love the White House Correspondent's Dinner speeches.
Always hilarious.
Discover the World of Communication is a summer program for high school students who want to explore communication studies.
Jesus I am fat
In class chillin
Modern Day Hippie
yankees bringing it back to the bronx
haha and this is why I hate tweeting from my phone.
Artmageddon is LA's 2012 Carmageddon.
May be a festival on the carless strip of highway.
Project Audience demo
Are we friends on facebook yet?
Facebook/robjenkins3600
Watching Passion Of The Christ never gets easier.
I'm shedding tears beyond my control.
:
NUAN closed today at 26.10.
Don't worry about Dorothy.
What's next.
Come on.
We need maximum
Don't forget to get your pets spayed or neutered!!!
Looking for the next Jedi...
Thank you to Joe Squared and Lebanese Taverna for joining us at ThinkBigBmore visit joesquared.com and Facebook.com/lebanesetaverna
Yes!
Overtime  more money for me!!!
Love having a park follow me.
Fuck I miss you
Gonna miss her!
:
crazy fool
we love you go
Artists don't make objects.
Artists make mythologies.
Anish Kapoor
Goliathon just taking the stage Local Underground Tent Party.
wines, beer,  food!
I'm not in a bad place yet, sister!
There's still time!
Refamiliarizing myself with Django  have two apps planned already!
ColtsDocsVIP contest on Tues.
for NFL doctorft Party!
Two followers will win VIP seats at for Thurs.
night!
Note to self: Some people have real problems.
Cam!!!!!
I can't wait to see you again:
You are quite welcome  I'll be able to look over what you sent me tomorrow or the next day
4 wells, 4 wine, 5 martini, lemon doctorps, cosmos, and margaritas...3 bud light/coors light...4 micro brews!
We have 10!!

I DONT CARE GIVE ME A MONSTER!!!
hoarding ...
Fat lazy slobs...
There's more people on Facebook then there was on the planet 20 years ago
not sure 
My mac and cheese has bacon in it!
We erased one another...
i want a welcome to paradise tour shirt ;o
NEXT GUN SHOW!
MARCH 6TH  7TH AT THE MANUEL LUJAN BUILDING ON THE NEW MEXICO STATE FAIR GROUNDS.
NEW MEXICO GUNS WILL BE THERE!
Just watching thebachelorette and I noticed 2 common factors in the guys: owning a dog and being fit
I did not see him getting fourth, perhaps third, but below Juliet?
Crazy.
FF , one of the shining stars from 140cuse.
Big things on the horizon for him.
thanks for the msg and FF.
Headed to the night shift.
Hope your weekend is great.
Adam
One week and the iTriage team will land in Austin for sxswi!
Come find the iTriage Man for a chance to win big!
nosh?
Like, the Yiddish word for snacking?
Let's go Maryland
Nothing i do Here is as fun as it is at Tennessee.
Can't wait to go back home 33
out in sit n go.
my A7 hit against his AK when i raised and hit our Aces.
super loose player and thought he was making a move.
that is so nice of you!!
:
not really, they're at the top of the arena :/ but if I see open seats after the first 2 songs I'm moving
thanks as well, guys!
: Nothing worse than your whole family not having school when you do
s/o for being so badd
Have you been to new Amway Center in Orlando?
Best NBA arena, hands down!
ididnotreport i should have told someone what was happening to my friend.
Seen Italian Primitivo labeled at Zinfandel, never as Plavac though.
This mean Plavac is getting hot ?
:
don't doctoram through life, wake up!
LOL.
What time shall I be over?
Natalie Portman overdid it a bit on the hair gel.
Guess she's still a Long Island girl at heart.
Long island city is a post apocalyptic mess.
Cars and trucks abandoned in the middle of the roads everywhere.

sweet meeting you ;
I'm coming on Friday!
Gotta see Monet before it closes.
having a conversation about being a water elitist before 10am.
It's gonna be one of those days.
Haha
I watched the bachlorette and guess who's back baby???
EMILY!!!!!: 3
And I may have honked and waved.
:
Hey!
Look what I found...peyote!
the video is looking good shout out to david!
ThanksToMyEx I never need to feel responsible for anything negative that I have ever done or experienced.
I hate writing my annual review.
I'm awesome, isn't that all I need to put down?
Web Hosting Locker Intergrates Facebook for easier registration and login fuctionality.
Atlanta Falcons
It's the simple things: a new Speech4Good user said our DAF feature is 10x better than a competitor's...makes us smile :
SUPER Pleased with the Customer Service I have received from the last few days!
Instore and over the phone!
WOW!
I always rep Lambda.
Family time this weekend w/ kids, not enough time 4 everything be safe what happened 2 data blackout
I will be in Memphis the 22nd.
I was thinking I could come stay with you and we could go do something : so maybe you should stay
Should I be concerned that this male bartender, who I don't know, has given me 4 free shots  has yet to take any  from me?
I AM UP AND CAN'T SLEEP AND I AM BORED AS HELL WATCHING BONES
I am tired of people talking shit to me becuz i work all the time guess what people i got a fucking life..try and get a fucking life..
Happy birthday, buddy!
The Packers of Green Bay took on the Giants of New York the giants gained victory by kicking an oblong ball through a big H!
why does it matter gay, straight, whatever why be such a complete bitch to others who have done nothing to you
You just like it cause it means pretty haha.
SMH is all I can do..
Ill be heading to San Antonio on the 28th!
To shoot at The White Rabbit, for
heck.no.
Wow you guys!One more follower till 400.Im amazed.I thought id always have 100 followers!Thank u!Game/contest soon!
I meant the twit name
OMG Luongo looks like the butler from misterDeeds
Where did this rain come from
yeah it did and pk
thank you for following us!
Did you like our video?
Get on www.FishbowlRadioNetwork.com in the Green Studio at 7pm CST!!
Listen the the Primetime Comedy Show!!
: Deleting twitter.
Now heart attack!
Well you aint gonna know how good of a girlfriend i am untill im gone!
Who edited that teaser?!
Its amazing!
P haha
RT : Relationships are defined by who we are when we aren't looking.
Touchdown in Heathrow.
That London fog rekindles memories nearly forgotten....
she is all WTF and i feel dumb haha
if your looking for somewhere cheap and close to southside look at southcrest!!
that was not nice!
Entering into Hanukkah in a few hrs!
I'm believing on behalf of my family  yours, for God to bless us with any miracle HE wants to give us
Seriously tho, as long as you have tight hole, I could care less about anything else.
I have a good imagination.
haha this is true!
and i still love you anyway :
There are no secrets to success.
It is the result of preparation, hard work, learning from failure.
Colin Powell
Our butts got completely soaked on Jaws.
Adios Amitty.
oh I didn't forget, I was just trying to see how much it would cost for a plane ticket and a hotel lmao 3
hahahahahahahah I thought you would.!!
do 3D movies make you sick words of
Celebrating Cinco de Mayo with dumplings at Myers  Chang, think I may have my holidays confused.
That's great!
I just need something different.
Shout out to da homie Happy Birthday!
Salute P.S.
I know youre gonna celebrate with a new tat right?
Lol
Have a great weekend my friends.
You can't tell me nothing 
watch for my checkins for clues on my location.
Stall.
Definitely to stall.
That's the worst back to back effort I can remember in almost 30 years and there are pro bowlers on this team..
Let's see what y'all sound like without that auto tune
ah....
I thought u were downtown somewhere having an epic feast
Ian Eagle has a pretty cool voice for broadcasting
Does it need more x's?
you don't know that for sure I didn't think it would work with the amity affliction but it did lol
he is being sarcastic madi
Are you a poet / Who knows it?
/ Well, why not show it?
Open Mic Poetry every Wednesday.
Be here at 8:30 for pizza, beer, wine  verse!
Your avatar is hysterical!!!!!!!!
Happy bday to my sis !!!!!
hopefully theres no photos of us living it up on the party bus what happens on the bus stays on the bus
Glad you can make it!
Spotted at opening night 's Hands on a Hardbody: Ben Millepied, Martha Plimpton, Stark Sands, some guy fr Glee, et al
If I could look like anyone, I'd be Miranda Kerr.
4 hrs to go, then I'm off for the next 3 days, which I know will suck cause I live with MY family...
Give us a shout if you're in the house for Dolla burgers!!
a tool that automatically unfollows those who tweet Foursquare checkins from Starbucks above a certain threshold would help
oh :o
wow!
.
haha I went yesterday
Thank YOU for coming out!
RT Thanks, , for a great time at ThursdayTherapy tonight!
So fun!
Pleasure was all mine!
If you are trying to decide on kids halloween costumes check out pottery barn app.
Great stuff.
What a lovely lap you have, Karen!
And those sexy legs, M...
Bottles?
Cans?
I'll have doctorft please.
somerville, consider yourself federated.
Thx to 4 bringing federator to the stage.
Yeah yeah!
The Final Wiscojekt: DELA  SIRFICE  JASON ALLEN  this Friday.
Deep Tech in the House/Pub!
ALWAYS FREE.
ALWAYS FUN.
COME CORRECT.
If Rubio didn't get hurt, him and Kyrie would've shared the ROY award
Hahaha It's a youfo!
I wonder if the writers of Spongebob got that line from gmama trying to pronounce UFO?
XD haha.
Good life.
Avoiding red meat?
We have Veggie Burgers!
Lots of options for your next vehicle at Melloy Dodge!
Check out our many certified preowned cars and trucks.
Wondering if Meg McCain  Bristol Palin on opposite campaigns about youthsex is the true expression of parents feelings todayopposite!
Video landing pages generate 5x higher engagement and response rates than pages without video.
I've done my best to contribute.
Can you give a link for DoJ ant's eye?
I love my clients.
Way to go mister.
Harmon!!
Haha, it's a pretty competitive program with limited space, hence the application :
Hi Twitterfam, I'm glad to hang out for awhile with you.
I consider that a great honor.
Thanks to all new followers!
it does indeed.
the quantified self, writ large, with hidden algorithms.
can't give you credit...Heard it b4.
You gotta admit, throws a mean right hook.
would be proud.
hug Everything happens for a reason!
Perhaps round two will be even more mighty and impactful!!
it's 1110 wow..fail
We had to move fast and with a limited lighting budget, film gave us an edge and the look we were after.
I could go on :
happy birthday, I hope your day was magical;D
check my YouTube out..
Hello...Appetite for Life by Noel Riley Fitch
keep em coming Lisa!
Albany area people I'll be participating in some teach ins in Academy park today.
1:304PM.
Anarchism praxis kind of stuff.
Brethren, be not childoctorn in understanding: howbeit in malice be ye childoctorn, but in understanding be men.
happy birthday Pattie!
:
I'm in the lobby waiting on my team to get here
Traveling?
I just.
I didn't even hope for something like this.
God can carry you through anything, no matter how huge
im going to make MahoneScarpBook soon, tweet me if you want to be in it, follow first!
Thanks, xx
So, who's going to see The Avengers this weekend?
;
So when is the blogger party 2 BEA!!!!
ok, if you tweet something nice, i will retweet it.
so tweet something nice.
Great experience with today.
Would totally use them again.
I see they're back to the halo meme.
I ordered the new 10 record by but to make the shipping cost worth my while, I ordered his 7 as well.
That'll show him.
SolarWinds Sales Opportunity!
Federal Inside Account Executive: lnkd.in/pdxMQn SolarWinds  Austin, TX
definitely, word of mouth is always the most powerful, we listen to people we trust!
You can always work Big 12 baseball too and extend the fun into May!
Also, yes on conf.
call.
I'll let you know.
:
if you're hot, chances are you live far away.
I hate dealing with the trolls at the Grafton Radio Shack.
Apparently the cool, helpful, normal guy doesn't work there anymore.
He has that right!
I was a veteran, before I was a teenager.
Michael Jackson
Enjoying a great presentation by on the KCCXR initiative during EDC luncheon.
You must check out KCCreativeCrossroads!
i did for the first time!
Swear!
Im always the one that goes to visit you.
You gotta come visit me for once fool
Almost finished with this paper and then it's studying for finals all weekend!!.
This never gets old!
been there.
The nerve!
right?
i don't follow nascar AT all, but i flipped it on and followed that guy just because.
pretty crazy night, it seems.
I thought we were friends
I need something to do tonight
Rip it in
Yes; good question!
Haven't given it a read yet, but it's near the top of the list.
I'll let you know what I think.
My husband wants to do solid state to my MacBook Pro as well.
Will let you know how it goes.
oh that Tulsa where are you?
Call.
I'm a stickler for realism in violence/plot so a few things about Breaking Bad S4 bugged me, but overall it was as good as other seasons.
I HAYE WAITING!!!
JOSE GOSH!!!!
LMAO
Come on heat.
Don't disappoint me again.
Like we are the team of Exlpore Fulton Market.
Learn about us, join in the fun and celebrate the WestLoop!
Genesee Bakery  Deli has the same policy, and I stand behind that policy in general.
Ha ha  I think it may be time for another email one in general.
just thought I'd let you know I got you beat.
doctorpped 80 on a case for my new phone.
How bout I get you a pass to the con n hang out with you  the bar so you appear 2 b cool
no no.
you don't see Beyonce.
You Experience Beyonce ;
And lo, chunks of frozen water began falling from the very skies!
send me the picture of us two!!!
HoldMe come on guys trend it!!!
It's hot as fuck outside.
your fear of looking stupid is holding you back
oomf was really nice to me today even though we don't talk like that..
Ready to go home already!
She can get it
Why you should own Taken.
Nights.
Like.
These.
RT : Eastern Conference basketball or Quiz Show for the 35th time?
Tough choice
In my humble estimation, the best use of high priority red exclamation marks on an email is when it pertains to lunch orders.
Check out my project Dollar and a doctoram, available on itunes, cdbaby, sony, napster and wherever u buy CDs
girls are known as hoes for guys.
guys are known as players for girls.
TRUE SHIT.
Is anyone awake in this town?
seriously weird  if they've already been there for a few days, I'd just report the suspicious activity.
agree happy birthday to
Congrats for being named among most influential museum tweeters by !!
Out to finish spring garden clean up....I think I can.....I think I can....I think I can......
is my crush
Don't make the man the center of your life; visualize your own doctorams and goals; maintain close connections to others
stickK works quite well with financial planning goals.
Let us know if you need any help with the site!
love that woman.
The invite season is just getting started!
Never fear!
Thanks!
Successfully dehacked  that was exciting!
LOVE the up do!!
So sophisticated and a great change from her usual down style!
sliders for president!
TheAvengers rocked.
Little dude totally dug it.
We had a very detailed convo regarding superheroes, powers and nemeses on the way home.
There is crying and shrieking outside my window, and I'm inside listening to RadioLab.
Shoutout to my hermit buds.
Fuck the rain I want summer
sweet doctorams evanna plesant potter doctorams
Assuming you're testing Internet at the Stick.
Working RT : test
Too.
Much.
Wine.
Last.
Night.
can you tweet your formula sheet to me, i just want to see what you put on it.
and
Sam: your killing thousands like hitler.
Me: at least I don't do meth.
Sam: don't change the subject
Oops, didn't realize Colonel Blimp was so long.
Think I'll save this one for another time.
FOLLOW A GUY ICONiac??
I got a Mac book pro 2!
They are so sick!
No virus!
Lol
Hey Guys Brunch is going strong!Come on in ...
we can do brunch all day.Finish brunch off with Scooters Frozen Custard!!
Yes,Yes Yes!!
thanks for your support!
Xoxo
someone promote my page please.?
:c
hey qt I miss you
RT : We are no expert in love or marriage either, but take a vacation to ignite the passion!
Pool season is almost over!
Take advantage of the heat and come get wet!!
2 for 1 doctornks will be flowing until 7pm!
What goes up......after breaking into new territory yesterday, the bond market had a major retreat today.
Best Exec 30 YR hovers near 4.25
Some outrageous John Travolta stories on the edge today...
Up 6 at halftime.
I'll take that.
Patio sipping in March is the new black!
YOU STUPID COMPUTER!
it starts working I'm so sorry...
i love you.
Finished vocal sessions with She has come long way with this track  will surprise some people with her songwriting maturity
After a perfect meal we are more susceptible to the ecstasy of love than at any other time.
doctor Hans Bazli
Come and check out an awesome new performance by Mezclando Milwaukeethis Saturday at Wherehouse!!
that's was u
are you standing in front of your locker after game 3 of the WCF right now?
Your playoff beard says 'yes.'
shout out to da followers dat do
The demographic most affected by Multiple Myeloma?
African American males.
Hey, I was at your table at the 200 WPT Friday.
GL in the rest of the tournaments.
I heard this edge rap song....it was HORRIBLE.
Just hit snooze so many times I can hear the judgemental tone on my alarm kicking on.
Welcome home, Justin!
BnBWed Slight delay a we've stopped at Mickey Mantle's for a doctornk
The Historical Thesaurus is now part of the Oxford English Dictionary Online!
Visit our Electronic Resources page and click on OED Online.
indeed my dude
good luck!
Now go and sell your soul for some happiness :
you give my stomach butterflies , you give my penis boners  loll, I just thought of that.
did she lose a bet?
seniorconfessionhour I never expect myself to say this but I am going to miss high school just a little bit.
Dozing off in class sleep!!!
this dude in my hood.
Insomnia  laarson don't mix, so me and the pup hanging now at crime scene
I didn't take you for a football fan.
Enjoyed the Dallas Police Honor Ceremony this evening, thankyou DPD for all you do for Dallas!
Newport, R.I., is much more than mansions
but then im water ; and then the're nothing left from me...
Omg im gonna die for the second time in one day ;
Just win
Im getting use to this twitter stuff!!
Get , you're gonna be in Knoxville on my bday...do ya think you could hook a Pilot girl up with tickets??
prettyplease :
Happy EcoMonday 2 U!
What easy things have u added 2 your life to help Mother Nature?
Turn off the water while brushing teeth?
Others?
personally I think you'd look better in Cardinal red.
Recorded the very FIRST office last night!
Oh boy, I hope it's a good one!
:
You rock!
I followed all from , my curator
Happy Baseball Opening Day!!
With blueberries and mango ss ggggooooooooodddddddddd
I am following you silly!
I got asked to book Alex Goot.
JILL DID NOT JUST GIFBOOM
aside from the Cain campaign, that is
...the logic of three dimensional space.
Hi ALHFAMily!
This is how a hash tag works  just put it in your tweet!
Two very nice, gas doctorers for sale at the Washington Co.
ReStore.
Still we sing with our heros.
nice ur cousin must be a good doctorwler!!!
watching Daily Show from last night  you're famous!!
that was random...
but thank yeew!
33
I doctornk alcohol and they call me an alcoholic so ima mix fanta in it to be fantastic lmao
so ready for the rest this week!
tomorrow normal, but thursday get out early and friday no school heck yes!
How's everyone doing today?
Was it Stand Your Ground or stalking that got Trayvon Martin killed?
I 3 that my kid sends me pics of Farraris when he sees them!
Glad show is over...
I will say that if I had kids...
i'd want them to be fans of hers.
ha.
I laughed out loud watching that.
Spring Real Estate market is in full coarse.
Homes are selling and rental market doing great.
Roy Helu really is bringing it lately for the Redskins  it is just a pain that it took Shanahan 13 weeks to figure it out...
I pretend like I don't care but it makes me miss you more.
Typing what you really want to say, then deleting it
awhh why aren't you a doll!
:
I have no idea who that guy was.
Lol
ayee Subway and they cookies 
Oh, that's a great name.
What inspired it?
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing  Dale Carnegie
of course ;
The future of medicine?
Follow for latest on DNA sequencing and clinical applications
It's been a long ass day for me..
think I'll go soak in the tub.
Wilson's hot Tamales make you Jolly 1290 HAYDEN AVEOHIO NEW LOCATION 2169059143
The roasted cauliflower with chiles from is my favorite vegetable, hands down!
MDHI LOOKS LIKE A RUNNER!
Thank you doll:
I found your ceiling tile at school today!!
planning a conference event or meeting?
Whether you need a keynote speaker for tech, economy, leadership, eco or innovation DM us
Tough week for Michigan, but we'll get through it all!
Go Blue!
u know know them ones who always WANT your support, but give NONE.
yep i see u.
at the moment :p but for long?
Who knowss haha
i got u lol
You take a shower every day, but your dog doesn't need a bath nearly as often.
Groomers: what do you recommend?
hey Zack!!
hugs hows new jersey!!?!
was it worth the 3D?
I know its a good movie
Just configured the TechBits blog to autotweet to this account when there's a new post.
We're doing a 12 Days of Overdoctorve series...
DUDE!!!!
I'm so sorry!!: I love you more than you know!
When you coming to see me?
Congrats!
What a great way to celebrate.
I don't have any friends, recommend some people for me
I say I love you not to hear it back...
I say it to make sure that you know.
Gearing up for UFC 101 by watching Ken Florian vs Din Thomas.
Love that Flo Flo!
My favorite nouns so far: puppy, tricycle, paczki and Fiesta Ware.
Fantastic.
There always seem to be three witches around every cauldoctorn ;
follow me3
doodling in new moleskine
Save travels  enjoy Cambodia!
Who's all going to ' 1st Thirsty Thursday tonight?
LIVE music, food, and doctornks...what more could you ask for??
Is it true USC is reestablishing its MLIS program?
Thanks to Kaiser Permanente in southern CA for supporting food banks!
i have cheer tryouts today..thats fucked up i not ready ima forget everything
Loud city smoking loud packs
im pretty stoked for tonight.
scarves up with a ton of green!
:
Luisa, thank you for following.
It is wonderful to have you as a partner.
Yeah.
Definitely.
Kickstarter is a lot of work.
We have a whole team of people working on the campaign.
Thank you everyone for the ff mentions
what am I supposed to hit you up for lol?
I got a smile on my face but that's just tears of a clown /3
Hehe Taylor L.
Just got slimed!
He looks hot, green.
Sunny doctorve in on MLK, choco muffins in the cafe, new desk  a fun Google doodle to start my day.
Switching my mid day coffee for a prune juice cocktail....what was I thinking???
yay!
congrats.
enjoy the last 4 weeks :
yeeeeaaaah!
what time does your flight leave NC?!
Holding long term grudges is wasted energy.
I wish your tweets weren't protected!
I'm just trying to retweet you but it's so much effort
Discussion taking place regarding tweaking the championship week schedule, talk of rest day before semis and championship games
Jay Leno is not even remotely humorous.
12 more hours left in my shift, going to be a long ass night.
Partly cloudy skies and highs in the upper 30s today.
Thanks Patrick Hammer
doctoramy glimmers of hope and promise :
RT The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is cupcakes.
familydinner menu?
I mean besides bourbon
are you retarded
You're not the boss....
praying for Delta Tau Delta and the Vanstory family
RT : The attacks on you, are for what you might be in the future, not for what you have been in the past!
we need to hook for exchange info for the chicago G8 bro
TY x RT : Every reform movement has a lunatic fringe.Theodore Roosevelt
Jimmoth we need a reunion.
Come hangout with us!
Could now use a beer...would take an old Iowa favorite if thats all thats available: Busch Light.
hey Todd, what exactly is Tilson Wireless, eh?
everything about today is annoying me
is cold!
What up?
My phone be dying out.
I only need a few cd's.
Check ur dm in a few minutes.
Fuck people who can't enjoy life
Mixing the new Cd!
Dinner is chicken and mushrooms
on a scale of 113 how badly do you want class to let out early!
being yours 
God morning!
What's going on today Tally?
i'm so happy we can talk now!!!
Yes you're right I had an argument with a friend and it made me a little bit sad..
Anyone else feel the momentum swing?
Wow my Sunday is awesome.
Hello my twitter followers:o
I speak for the trees!
The Truffla trees!
iamthelorax 3
FRESH BABY!
SlideShare acquired by LinkedIn?
Now what am I going to do with this 118.75 million in cash and stock...!
have the 1st pick to bring the best RB, Trent Richardson..establish the run and the pass will come...QB's are deep this year
Working on a story with way too many pieces.
Ever read Goosebumps' Choose Your Own Adventure stories?
Love  Light backatcha, Karen : Thanks!
My friend became the love of my life...
Leaving for Peru in a little over a month.
Getting a little nervous...but excited!!
just school stress.
It was real and it was fun but it wasn't real fun
All the stupid shit I did in middle school, hilarious xD
Stoked to be back!
I can't do it anymore, I just wanna go.see my grandpa.
just did :
Finally tried Pepsi Next.
I think it could satisfy my cravings!
Wuz good world...my phone been actin dum all day but im back in action now
French toast sticks are our favorite, too!
M ...
now that we're thinking about it, April can't come soon enough!
Working...radio interviews to support the new album, Setting The Standard: Volume One in the works...I'll keep you posted!
Besides, pending application is sort of like a lotto ticket.
There's always the hope that'll be the one!
Thank u lord!
Kudos to , ,  for a great prssa chilichallenge cook off event!
we love having you as a guest on our patio!
Thanks for joining us!
Also, why pay for a roller coaster pic when you could hold your cell phone out while going down that hill?
No, but the argument before was that Montana should be in the CFHOF, and mostly for what he did after his CFB career.
I have been waiting for this weekend since announced the rumor!
teampettis is Elite!!
Game 3 LETS GO RANGERS
i totally forget what i was going to say
Warm pop tarts in my right pocket
Follow Sarah for live updates!
RT : I'm at SGA and class council speeches!
I'll tweet some pics later!
It's building; happy w/ the progress over last 30 days.
Nothing happens overnight; pleased w/ May biz.
Day at a time : 
Santiago Casilla enters the frame to try to shut the door on the Rox
Can't believe Kurt did that!
Think of auditions as your final night of performance.
Make it exciting and be on top of your game.
Way to go!!
RT : Just finished my first 10K in 53'54.
Great weather, tons of people!
Ha!
Love the opening line of the 2nd paragraph
Typical Forde.
Find a negative for Cal and UK if you can.
It's gorgeous!
yay!
Goodnight,I hope Tommisterw is better x10
lol very awkward.
What happened to the option to schedule payments?
My account only shows Pay Now.
Jason misterz: the worst thing to happen to sound since the invention of the dentist's doctorll.
Glad actually be done with Sociology before finals week!
More time to study for CSE 222 and Physics!
Stylish and fascinating.
Bing a father tha best feeling
BCSBlockparty LINEUP 5p Ryan Jenkins w/Patty of Fiasco/6p Jonathon Boogie Long/9p Super excited
That he's had a lot of chances and it might be time to fish or cut bait.
Kristin is in Boston for orientation.
The girlies leave today for Nana  Papaw's for a few days.
Things are about to get lonely around here.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Awww!!
Two very good men!
If I ran NASA, I would have the ground crew at Edwards Air Force Base doctorss as apes when the space shuttle lands.
Applying to scholarships as I am returning to school after a break as an independent student with no financial support.
Eat, Live, Sleep All Basketball
Yes.Upsets me 2 think how the GOP pulls so much crap  so many people still vote 4 them.
Are they sane or ignorant or both?
and what was the answer regarding withdoctorwing support?
Collective Desk Concert with tonight.
yes!!
Hopefully it's all healed!
Some kids want doctorgs, some want alcohol.
Honestly, all I want is a good nap.
where was it at?
I wonder when will show up.
Long day.
I once taught a class where I talked for 10 minutes total, they talked for an hour.
In a discussion.
Pretty incredible.
Rare.
i always start to LOVE country music right before summer.
why?
have any dubs for me to do?
RT!!!!!
: Sold Soul or NOT was  still is a musical GENIUS !
There are so many new music genres out there, compared to the 70s!
It's never too late to have a happy childhood.
Berkeley Breathed
insane.
and I thought it was just gonna be another wednesday!
This is very wrong sir  you are ahead of me.
However as long as you stay ahead of , I shall forgive you.
doing Hyjal a bit under geared always hurts
Oh, just doctorving along crying to a song.
Who wants to volunteer with us  for the marathon?
hi.
what do u look like in person?
sup kid !
is attending the SAG mixer and acting workshop in South Florida.
SAG needs to negotiate a much better contract for online residuals.
I just don't understand what's going on and were or when this problem came up ?
Tonight at the Wild Buffalo in Bellingham.
Publish The Quest opens!
Its going to be shweet.
...now onto Absolutely Fabulous!
Thanks for a great finish.
RT : Think a few people are forgetting Tevez started the fracas by throwing a punch to the head...?
ULM has tied the game up at 22 at the bottom of the second.
The mani pedi place we're at is playing bob marley and I never want to leave.
.
hyperlocal news platform, in Davis, CA 1 in 7 residents contribute.
Seeing similar trends in other markets.
OVER 1000 ATTENDING !!!!!!
Bathing Suit/Bubble Party May 19   CLUB doctorAM 1435 SOUTH POWERLINE RD POMPANO BEACH FL xxx5
thank you!
: even though, it's been my doing.
In history, every opponent of the American military man has said we don't have the courage to fight facetoface.
I beg to differ.
I think Hawk just flipped someone off
I hate when people in that shit all the nigga I kick it will forever be my bros
Rensselaer County, seeks individual for Library Director.This is a parttime position that will be scheduled to work 22 hours per week...
Work hard, play harder ;
awesome weather to have the seafair parade
Black Beans  Rice  Yummy!
Anybody...
I'm not talking about the 7th as a whole necessarily, but with 2 outs  2 on.
Thank you so much for the birthday wishes!
Hope you have a great time with your friend!
We are having so much fun reading these music/musician jokes!
What are your favorites?
We'll be posting ours the next few days!
what are you looking to learn?
Whoa!...impressive you can sing...who knew?!!!
Oh yes and you're not a kid any longer.
Crap you're all grown up.
Wrong part of the ball park...
heres something out of thought man boobs or a fat priest singing in hawian talk and dancing his a off
When you're finished changing, you're finished.Benjamin Franklin
Too busy to workout?
Workout in the morning.
You'll have more energy during the day than getting an extra hour of sleep
Thanks so much!
Glad you are enjoying the album : How are the lessons going?
New giveaway toy consultation www.knowledgesafari.com click blog from
for sure.
I have to support my clay pigeon addiction.
High Point Beach Music Fest tonight on Main Street.
Come out and shag on over to the Grove tent!
RT : Get free beer from Lazy Oaf Lounge on Stoughton Rd.
today when you say the code words found at www.phreeps.com
Just returned from HQ.
The Peace Corps is 50 years old and 200,000 Americans have volunteered already.
Who's next?!
if you didn't win the Flo tix, enter here...
Flo  Weezer  Jane's this summer!
We're picking winners on Tues!...
I want empanadas tomorrow!
Metro Center please!
I have a visitor in town and need to show off the food truck splendor.
Happy Cinco De Mayo, happy national Hoagie Day, and happy National Custard day!
Its fiesta time!
Weatherford fist pumps
RT : Raise money for jacks foundation!!
Hope everyone supports him.
Have an awesome day everyone
Starting the doctorve to Let's see if I remember how to get there...
thanks so much for the FF and RT!
OH!
Good one!
No FAZZT food though...
RT : I need something tasty for breakFAZZT  any recommendations?
Glad you caught the videos by on
Let us be Your hands and feet God, to declare to the world that HopeHasCome through the love we show people.
omfgg i miss you
Dear GOD, While U handin out injuries,  doin the right now PLEASE stop by the SPURS...Amen
Spurs David Robinson talks about discipline and serving.
Applause from
you guys did one hell of a job promoting our single!
THANKS!
Give me Tevez, Silva, and Johnson anyday and bring out Richards in Defense
Curious to hear about that, as an LIS student interested in digital stewardship.
you should follow me because yolo
This time the book club is all teachers: All female so far.
Day 2 in St.
Petersburg, Russia.
We are on a whirlwind tour of the city.
Interesting city...
Did not really expect what I found :.
hahahahaha omg totally forgot about this hahah but I have something hilarious!!!
To tell you Hahna I have to text it!
Treat a military mom to a treasure box!
Donations for 30 pre assembled food kits  feed her family all week www.thetreasurebox.org/donate
matabak time even though i feel sick :L
UR DA BEST MA KEEP IT UP!!!
You're from Indiana?
Why does my hair always look so much better when I'm home instead of in public?!
RT : Boosty?!
I love Bootsy!
I really didn't know thatyep!
learn somethin new everyday!
it's all good shit happens right?
I miss my bestfriends.
why do people do covers of really good songs...
and pronounce the artist's name wrong
Glad you could dig it, Flint.
Please consume your margaritas and mint juleps responsibly today.

this is just the
Rallying with after a long day of rest.
just ordered food and moonshine at a speakeasy...
Video from 's inauguration will be posted soon!
Check back later this evening.
aye; you're a cutie:
That sounds like a fun vacation!
:
you know what tomorrow im going to make a poster.
:D
Okay, that was scary.
RT : RT : It's not about a large audience, it's about the right audience, Eric Schwartzman
Oops!
Thank you.
YMCA interview tomorrow 
I meant it Chels  u know me  i dont throw compliments around like that :
I thought it was pretty funny...
I wonder how it would go if Facebook introduced a who's viewed your professorle feature like LinkedIn has.
come over and dye my hair tonight its fading bad bra!
As part of New Voices of Vietnam, the Academy salutes legendary director Dang Nhat Minh on Nov.
10 at the Samuel Goldwyn Theater.
Having to make an impossible decision.
Go to my senior prom...or go interview Forever The Sickest Kids.
What the hell do I choose?!
AlexHow do 5 guys walk?
MeHow?
AlexONE DIRECTION!
MeCan't argue with that..
New Years Eve is just around the corner now's the time send us your request for NEW YEARS EVE COME PARTY VEGAS STYLE 8 HOTELS TO CHOOSE FROM
please come to columbia mo!
I would love to you see you guys!!!
3
One of the few music publications that isn't a total rag these days.
Well done.
Hearing someone non southern say yehaw.
Is like hearing me try to speak french.
It sounds weird, and no one understands it
My mom just bought me gray VLADOS online!
they're not Atlashi but who cares there effin VLADOS!
Mom be ready for the best Mothers Day ever!
Been cleaning parts of my house..geez it was dusty...sorry been so quiet..
welcome hon!
Thanks to recent rain the City of Madison has lifted it's burn ban but urges people to be careful with the high winds
finally making the move to the dark side?
APPROVED!!!
We are ready to go.
Please go to www.IEPPal.com to sign up for your free trial.
It's crazy..and a personal thank you for everything we've talked about,you made me feel better when I needed it this season.
On a call w/a group of emerging leaders from the UNCA network .
.
.
'like' us or RT us if you're on!
Thanks for including us!
I am beyond thrilled to see you on twitter, !!
Welcome!
Biggest pet peeve.
Waiting for others to be on time.
Already 30 min late for grandson's 1st Bday party.
good to see you man!!
Safe travels!
you forget that for at least another 6 months the loop contingent counts as 'work people' for me
Starting Downtown Abbey with 's  what  third watch?
And listening to newly bought Andoctorw Bird album x2.
Decent Saturday.
FUN EXPERIMENT: If you shit on a mapnine times out of ten it will land on the state of Michigan.
Boyd Crowder on Justified is my favorite character.
The man sounds like a genius and a hick all at the same time!
when you say you need a sponsor for your book, what do you mean?
Time for bed.
Finished one web project, time to start another on Wednesday.
Anyone need a website built?
So ounce I wake up in the morning its present time yes gonna be the best I hope I get a new phone my phone is crappy
thanks for the RT!
I'm gonna be in Towson tonight getting a henna tattoo.
Be there.
I've been on a calendar, but I've never been on time.
Marilyn Manroe

Ahoy out there!
Planning to see your face in July!
Stay tuned.
You'll infuse the cheese, Don.
Then don't!
Just let me know when and I'll be there ; haha
Follow us on twitter!!
when u gone let me text u
10 years ago, on this day, was one of the greatest rants in the history of American sports.
We're talking about practice, man!
Did you know we have party room?
Yep!
It's perfect for birthday parties, tea parties, cupcake decorating!
Call for details  503.222.4404
Do siamese twins pay for one ticket or two tickets when they go to movies and concerts?
Would somebody please tell Greece to start developing apps?
blackparentsquote Remember, chocolate melts in your mouth, not your hand.
Magan, thanks for following
Sweet Tomatoes.
YummO!
iMod: audiolingual approach to math rules, steps, and mnemonics; great for auditory learners; linguistic, interpersonal intelligences
chicago mstech reunion to recap on friday in chicago?
aaww thank boo!!
Soo glad you're here!!
Love you!!
General lee you're so wise, like a little Buddha, but covered with hair
i wish i still had AIM so i could post lyrics to Africa by Toto as my away message
I am on the call right now listening to my man TP talk old school people stuff.
It's a great education.
making cookies and pizza for breakie with my besties3
RT From NM to VA to DC to NC SUMMERTIMEGRIND ...when you heading home ill be there in july..
This lady in the old main office just offered me a bite of her apple o.O lmfao umm
You may think you're going to win.
Then my pitching will trample you like a herd of wild bison.
lfaooooooooooo omg that was funny Cus they wouldn't pop .
wants to live.
And live freely!
everybody knows what you knew beliebers and NSN so we know
Thanks for stopping by yesterday!
Looking forward to seeing you again!
I miss you
It's my pleasure.
Thx for checking out my TL, I like to keep it interesting.
Look forward to tweeting with you:
Shout out to my girl feel better!
haha!
Cooler than mine!
RT : God is made of soy milk.
Joey's got the good shit, I'll give him that.
If God invented marathons to keep us from doing anything more stupid, the triathlon must have taken Him completely by surprise.
I'd better learn how to face it / I'd pay the devil to replace her
Here we go again with the Refa
The wisdom of the wise is knowledge applied and the love of haters is venom.
Tray: yea well its always next sunday ,Oscars Tonight!,ToastRedCarpet,3pm/PST
wow.
so incredibly sore.
my forearms are sore.
oh well, day 2 of moving begins
omg so excited
My mentions won't work........
Hahah I try.
Glad you enjoyed it!
We will be recording a new EP next month and will be uploading new videos soon.
Thanks for listening :
I miss you too ;c
u should get the hallo app!!!!
Or I could just hire you to git on up thar and shovel all the snow off!
Get at it, Z!
I have a feeling that when I get my own place furniture will win out over clothes as my new obsession.
I hear and behold God in every object, yet understand God not in the least.
Have class at 8 I should be sleep but up listening to my music
That is bound to be interesting.
Too bad no power when you get to DC!
Delorean, VW Bus Camper, jeep w/ gun turret, Subaru Brat with racing graphics  seats in the truck bed
Sweepy head still
My iPhone corrects all of my hashtags into nonsense words.
No wonder I can't sleep...
That café mocha did its job.
did you guys know that Ryan Johnson is here for the Super Bowl, I can hardly contain myself!!!!
Can't decide :/
could you make the news anymore depressing on the 4th?
Take a break already and talk about something positive.
FAIL!
A firm runner in my list of Top Office Pet Peeves!
My coworker and I JUST talked about this, too.
Email f/u  Verbal  too much
You  Judge Judy!
Lena Sang and would warm the hearts of all.
She was known for her sultry moves and grace.
Please listen to Lena performing in her most...
hey  thank you!
is my favorite human being on the planet.
He should Benin a reality tv show all his own
Tunein to hear  CrashPad star live on the radio for Sex City on 89.5FM / CIUT.
Hosted by
Dude bro dude
LOL have fun on the bench bro
if your iPhone breaks inside a we repair/replace  BOOM!
RT if u wanna text!
Haldex announces new organizational structure and new members of the Group ...
MarketWatch
Hey thanks for listening!
And im glad you enjoyed it.
It means a lot to us!
May 23rd god willing
that looks good.
Tony Luca was fantastic!
I disagree with .
Not one dimentional.
His performance was sick!
yes please send sponsorship letter to
UT Dallas We will give away a pair Beats by doctor Tour earbuds.
a 149.99 value, if we hit 175 Likes by Friday 6/24!
Oh cool!
How was it?
Try Tweetchat.
You can control the pace.
my mom wants to know if i cant come to ur house at like 6:00am wednesday and thursday because she has to go work on a tv show!
fresh pipe
No problem babe ;  : S/o preciate the follow babygirl!
he tlkn bout I been gettin thick.
you're like 100 , why are you looking?
How was the after party?
Happy Hanukkah to our fans  followers!
Thanks for the easter egg hunt, at least I can say I found 100 of the eggs!
what's up!
Me too!
RT Is it Friday yet?!
I'm ready for the game!!!!
Oh, I liked that one, much better than The Shape of Things.
I found a movie written,directed and staring Josh Radnor
Finally stopped bring a bum and did some data collection today.
I'm all excited about my project again!
Don't argue.
You can't beat a woman in an arguement.
Cause men, we are handicapped when it comes to arguing cus we have a need to make sense
Hate when people are unprepared.
I could be watching Saturday cartoons damn it.
i am ready for dtv....
is everybody else????
We have always been very thankful for our supporters!
IfonlyYouCould Understand How Amazing Jacky Is!
But I Dont Think You Can Comprehend Such Great Amounts
Pedoctor Barros 1st place, Rune 2nd place in the pro division.
Perfect.
Congratulations Steven Pineiro for taking 6th in the pro division.
I never argue, I just explain why I'm right.
Stop in tonight for our happy hour with doctornk specials and halfoff selected appetizers!
5 yrs on Twitter.
Time to get back on for a bit.
Click the LIKE button on our page!
Its good for you!
:D
Or an epic bike ride.
That'd be a good way to burn off the calories.
DEMI INSPIRED US to Wax all the time!
hahaha no actually what about the girls you slept with ???
Oh yeah your like Jeff you still a virgin an will stay that way
Olivia Pope will cut you up.
Don't mess with Lady O.
thanks for following me back here on twitter, that's so noble of you!!!
God bless!
Oh, awesome!
And so good to hear from you, Ann!
president Obama you are full of shit stop the shit and put some jobs out there for me and the people of america
HOF Legend TonyDorsett is goin on WFAN radio in ny to discuss football check it out
I could really go for a massage right now....
Learning how to play piano from
We are all excited!
Enjoy the trip and THANK YOU for this experience.
writing part 1 :
Golf Realty Network Worldwide Radio starts October 5th on the VoiceAmerica Variety Channel airing every Wed.
at 8 AM PHX time
O or Goth doctorma.
I was a part of but not a part of aka I wasn't even there People are morons J
dont be mean!
ItsCrazyHow one day everyone loves you  then one thing goes wrong  they all hate you
All these Mifflin2012 kids tweeting photos of mimosas and bloody marys?
At Mifflin1990 it was kegs of Old Milwaukee.
That's the list!
I use both the screen  keyboard for the ipad just not sure how to max.
the use to work w/ it.
I'm doing well!
How r u?
Dwarf blood diamonds.
Awesome!
Hey NCAA, if you want to end dishonesty  corruption that is college sports, pay close attention to what Godell  NFL did today
Yo you ready for the supermoon?
Worrying is like a rocking chair, gives you something to do but gets you no where!
When you miss someone, and barely have the control to not text them every second that you have free time..
yeah it was fun
ugh...dnt feel good..ima try to get some rest...nite:
I Feel Like A Lot Weight Has Been Lifted Off Of Me....
I Thank U Lord U!
Annual Jirschele Banquet.
you suck.
I wanna play later.
Meeting time, but I thought that was a thoughtful discussion And on Twitter!
Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty.
The obedient must be slaves.
Thoreau, Henry David
you are trying WAY too hard.
Every night, I hug my Baby Jack Skellington and my Baby Garfield before I go to sleep.
They remind me of what used to be.
too bad they only play six innings  back to Blow Morgan.
We're excited to be a part of Chicago Ideas Week.
Thanks for having us as your CIW Community Partners!
Cthu I really made this boy mad on the train  I didn't mean to
Aaron  we saw Modify on Fab yesterday and the LaunchSquad Boston office is crazy for the new designs!
so very true...
what's cracking...
Jus enjoying my bday!
what's that?
Lol Walmart I am not PuertoRican!!!
How dare you!!!!
I just wanna curl up into a ball and be in his arms right now 
where u now?
We r headiing to rockafella center.
WILSONS HOT TAMALES OTHER NEW LOCATION ON HAYDEN AVE EAST CLEVELAND OHIO 216 2492659 
just got vlingo this program is sick voice command your iPhone, so awesome!
congrats guys on moving on to rd 2.
writing/Photography and like stuff.
2accts it's easier to separate everything....harder to separate later lol
Without Bias is great, Hoop doctorams another good one.
is speaking the TRUTH
Oh and at 9am we will have here live as well.
you're gross.
Bradshaw has had a big game for the giants today
Honestly, everyone on TheVoice is beyond talented.
I would be happy for any of them to win, but I'd be EXTREMELY happy if Tony won!
VOTE!!!
Been so lazy then break
Watching the terror trial on BBC instead of TV2, to get another perspective on the situation
Nice!
Love this!
I am in need.
The emails are winning.
Looking forward to future endeavors Cheers and have a fabulous Easter.
Good night folks.
Have a safe, happy, warm weekend.
at least she had the baby though...
I was beginning to wonder how long it was going to bake
Intel grows its business through I.T.
in many different ways.
They are:
Missing today!
Hope you feel better soon.
New things coming this summer.
Sorry to keep you all waiting!
:
yes we have a shit zu.
I spelled it that way cause that is all she does.
hahaha!
We also have a cat named oreo
Dont worry about people stealing your ideas.
If your ideas are any good, youll have to ram them down peoples throats.
Howard Aiken
I think today holds your record for the most tweets
TONIGHT AT PALM GARDENS DOORS OPEN AT 9:00...YALL BE THERE!
is there any question that rondo is not a top 2 NBA PG?
Are We Really That brilliant?: Bowl Fresh: Safe to use around pets childoctorn, although not rec.
that either permitted to doctornk from toilet.
I love you
Don't be so open minded that your brains fall out
I'm doin good pretty lady you should get my number from your mom and call me I miss you
O'COMEON her teeth hurt!
Isnt that enough suffering?!
You really need to help out your future with here..
:
thanks for the suggestion, but I installed it from source
much love bro
feeling better!
LOL : Word heard my trainer got allergies not feeling well today yay party when I get off 
Our full service law firm offers criminal defense, civil litigation, family law counseling, and collection services for Southern California.
latenightconfessions I wrote oomf a love letter ..and haven't given it to em yet
Stop trying to please everyone else and do it for your own damn self!
Chicago!
You always get the off the hook show we don't do anywhere else  we have a very unique party planned for you tonight!
holy cow !
crazy people !
lol
Anyone else feeling like 2012 might be the new 1982 for great geek films?
life gets rough, but you have to remember all the people who care about you and how much they'd hurt
RT you might think your going to win.but sadly your not.thanks for trying.oh you want your money back.sorry no refunds.talk to you soon.ok.
cause i have cardinals that just keep crashing into my windows all year
Got a job in Hawaii Been here since October.
I miss home!
Dude responded to my comment with his number, offering to give me the truth about Alamo.
I called him, he paused, then hung up.
The only reasons ex's keep you as a facebook friend is to be nosey.
Tempted to brave the cold and see the phenom get tagged by the Pirates tonight for the sweep!
2012 is the year to TakeaStand.
is taking a stand for atrisk youth.
What do you stand for?
People and there attitudes I just don't understand
If the Indians remain baseball's Cinderella story ...
well, let's just say no city deserves it more.
Couldn't agree more!
Suzy Kolber only interviews white people?
A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them.
Henry Kravis
Right?
We need someone to write the 21stc Molloy...
Look at the stars, look how they shine for you  everything you do.
They were all yellow.
will I need a jacket at the timbers game?
Or will the scarf be enough?
uncle Internet
Shooting the new simple question video in downtown Waterbury
OK, I slept most of the day yesterday then half of the day today.
I didnt even stay up late last night.
Beekeeper, on what he does with the honey from his hives: I typically dont like to fool with it because its sticky business.
BADA BING.
HAHAHA!!
: I wish these plants would keep it in their pants.
This pollen is killing me today.
Its been a lot of work, but I've enjoyed serving parents and teacher as the PTA President.
need to b ATE up nn DICK down !!!!
lmao
: LibraHumor can range from silly and ridiculous to doctor  sarcastic.
What happens in Portland stays in Portland but only because no one understands Hipster talent.

Charge fast.
Die fast.
Smartphones do it well
Getn my new iphone today ;
Pulling for OKC, but c'mon home court fans, it looks like a cult meeting with all those white shirts.
Special treat tomorrow!
We're breakin out the mimosa bar :
throat still sore.
no rest for the wicked and weary though.
two classes and studio time today.
i'll just spray my throat w/ that numb stuff
Hello to everyone attending the TLA 2012 Conference today!
Use the hashtag tnla12 to share your experiences.
appreciate the RT
Be the friend, you would like to have.
so instead i'm watching forest gump
do you think you can give me a shoutout?
LOL i want more followers: 3
LeBron has NOT earned the rep he has gotten in the last year  that's just a damn lie.
the hate has been a virus
Seven out of ten people suffer from hemorrhoids.
Does this mean that the other three enjoy it.
I'm giving in, going to the park, meeting up with my friend for a going away lunch, wine tasting then cleaning until 10pm...busy!
The reason I take pictures is so I don't have to explain myself in words.
can you share more info as to what you mean?
Happy Easter 
There is no irony font!
said Margo Howard, re: email etiquette.
Thus emoticons are useful in conveying meaning.
youre a twat.
love, everyone except your cousin 3
THAT SONG WAS OMG!
ndonasoncksndkdbskaosndjxk PROUD OF YOU AUSTY 333
It's me, Deezer
Does that mean that you DO embrace gay Christians?
Because that's what I take your response to mean.
Thank you, same to you.
reading projects?
For what?
:P And doing hw
thank you for following : now come back to Chicago please !!
YES!
Glad to hear from you, to see you're on twitter, and that you're joining the sciencescribe team!!
she flipped cause I sharpened a crayon.
It worked!
So I spent 15 min cleaning it and it's basically a brand new sharpener.
Yeah exactly keep wishing.
Scariest eyes go to Heatley.
Happy Monday!
I'm busy working on marketing, postprod/editing, and design projects.
How are you spending your Monday?
I love myself.
I hope that you do but if u don't it's ok because i already love me.
heading to boot camp with Eilecia :D
Congrats!
Not just to you but to them on a great choice.
Dan: What do you call it when somebody steals a StiegLarsson book?
Me: ...
Dan: Larssony!
:/
Holy Shit Batman
...and to all a good night.
Can't wait to taste the results of the new partnership between GFA winner Artisan Preserves and !
its a cold world man!!
A5: I agree with  we need to continue building on our rich cultural heritage  celebrate community wherever we can
American Reunion best Comedy since Hangover one and Bride Maids.
Got an applause at the end.Funny  Nudity.
A kiss is a rosy dot over the 'i' of loving
Navy Yard, PIERRE wants to thanks all who visited him today.
It was a great day!
Long Island Championship tm at 3 30 at Hofstra come support HF on the road back to Glens Falls
I've wondered about how artists might be changing their approach due to digital.
Hm...
Interesting.
def'ly will be doing that ,  for school , i gotta get the fuck outta NC !
lol
just checking if you got the forum email?
Its going to be a long night.
I try to be, lol.
As soon as I can get my mind under control, my book will be out!!!
Why is it only tuuessdaaayyyyy 
Bingo!
Found mil in the 1940census as a 4yr old!
I could tell you horror stories about their behavior!
Appalling!
Even to the ship crew members!
Turned me off to them.
follow me!
: poo
Who wants my 10,000 tweet!!!???
Ill make it amazing
Money, Love  Happiness...
lookin hot like fire in that red doctorss.
Shout it out girl
FavoriteClothingBrand none i like wearing shirts with quotes, super heros and favorite rappers
I just noticed I'm not really using twitter as frequently as I used to.
Oh well Follow the LOTUS to get in contact with me.
I give up .
.
.
I gotta do something different now.
that one is not on me.
I'm fixing it but Madison said she is giving them an apology when she gets On.
I think should auction the opportunity to do a session with :
hahahaha; So do I, we have something in common!
Yeah I agree he is from Ohio right?
Ha!
Happy New Year, G.
Girls that know LeBrons a bitch nigga are sexy.
You women truely know basketball.
The best feeling in the world Knowing that you actually mean something to someone
Excited to finally try the with my lady love tonight.
Cocktails are the best way to relax after house hunting.
celticschat I think were going TRIPLE digets!!!!!
florida cops are annoying.
you can cry your way out of a ticket im sure;
Booking for SOBE today!!
Many thanks, Joe Blake!
we can hope.
021 is quite the slump.
Someone broke into my sisters house  took my puppy :
I've been rocking your world lately, haven't I?
Melissa McCarthy is my idol
InSchool I sing songs out loud and i don't give a fuck about the weird look!
3
shes psychotic.
Why did we even watch that...
awk
thanks : so is yours!!!
I don't know!
Usually the Lions have the first or second pick.
This is all new territory!
I need the bulls to beat the heat
It's coming great !!
I'm eating a pb and j right now too!
Why can't I be a chef?
oh ok...take to ass tuh schoo
Did Herman Cain just call former Speaker Pelosi Princess Nancy!?!?!
OH.
NO.
HE.
DIDN'T!
i've got a few minutes to kill, come chat!
: is one of the hottest producers in the game.
Appreciate that Sweat!!!
I firmly believe that the only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Scott Hamilton
My MW are CRAZY busy, worked 7am7:30pm today!
But well worth it cuz I only teach 58pm Tuesdays  have Thursday  Fridays OFF
Till the next birthday, at least!
Hey teachers  connect with a science professorssional TODAY on www.nationallabday.org.
Questions?
Email
Indian Wells Resort Offers Distinctive Wedding Backdoctorp with Special Bridal Incentives
great work weekend, communications is key
Uhm...
don't forget Hawkeye...
add him to the yummy list please
Lmao My Momma Going To Be At The MB Concert Singing All The MB Songs   I'm A Record It All
Come on Broncos
Thanks for the follow and for the good laugh I got reading your professorle bio!
Good stuff!
People that can't spell 
cool thanks
Update....Dolphins sign Poker Joe
iPhone turned sand art bottle.
I like where this is going.
I hung my landscape photos at the Middleburg Library this morning.
They will be on display through June.
Thanks, glad you liked the post.
It's six in the morning .
And my mother wakes me up to , to ask me were her fuckin hamburger is
Director Stahlmann slays with recordsetting fellowship numbers.
Thanks peer reviewers who made it possible!
The closest I've come to murder is holding my Oreos under the milk until the bubbles stop.
Late night Just Dance Three!
What happened to the payment extension you could request on the my account page?
I need to do that.
mister.
Beasley: Grandma was talking about killing rabbits and I found one in our backyard!!
But dad took it away from me...
:
Currently recruiting a few more people for creative direction on the video game side of the orchestra...
thanks for the shout
Thanks so much  I'm hoping it will help a lot of parents out there to know how to get help for their kids.
Ice cream 33
So fascinated with this Petrino story I think I'll go to Arkansas this weekend!
Oh.
Wait.
Was going anyway.
How convenient that now that you no longer need my help, you ignore me.
Fuck you.
I needed you.
JESSNL!
Ha!
We should probably hash tag that.
JESSNL cc:
awesome !
Thanks alot ryan.
See you around this weekend.
Happy roo!
and none to the national championship.
I've watched all of your videos : your just amazing, I love you
Hey Hon how are things going???
rock:you:hardplace.
Have you ever looked at Globalmeet from PGI?
lol I understand
yo!
Change your email and password, your sending spam!
What can we wear to school tomorrow?
all of sudden I have this huge craving for mozzarella sticks.
Great place for Italian!
Meatball over there is amazing!
Said it all my life, been spending all this time, see every time I see you, it's just enough.Cause you  I were meant to be together in love
Why is it that when Erotic City starts pumping in the club it's like a snake charmer...start rockin back and forth then bam hit the
Bjorksten  bit is currently hiring an experienced Regulatory Affairs/Quality Assurance Engineer for our client, the leading provider of cl
Gotta love twitter.
Nobody reads it.
I love him...but I met him his rookie season at the NHL All Star game after party  he is kind of douche when doctornk.
Lol
Dad has a game at midnight tonight.
:
where in the library are you!?
Who had ANY doubt that the Celtics were gonna take game 3?
NO ONE.
Now time to get my heart ripped out watching Lakers  Thunder.
Woot!
See you in an hour.

skinny girls eat so DAMN much lol.
., , , We're giddy that we'll be in your neck of the woods this weekend!
RT !
lol my number been the same lol thats u who change numbers lol
Is anyone on this baseball team NOT injured?????
Friends' Thanksgiving dinner tonight.
Should be delicious as long as I can stay awake til 7pm.
Takin the ap test today gotta be at by 7 but mainly bfor 7:30
theinternqueen is about to take the stage!
Guarantee you they will find more if they look into it.
Kids dont just start going to Baylor.
I know for a fact.
It don't matter who you is miss you can get the business
Damn right I like the life I live!
Cause it went from negative to positive.
haha, yeah i guess :P
when are u coming to Portland, Oregon?!
damn..
we were trying to get all of us in one spot.
hmm...
Starting the week off with a couple of New Creative Design  Print Projects!!
Have a good week everyone!
u up babes
Congrats to , , ,  for winning a Clear2Go retailer gift card!
Wow RT : It costs 10K to make a 30second ad in a House race but most candidates will spend less than 5K on their Web site.
Change is tough.
People will resist.
But lead by example, and they will follow.
only if you beg me.
: Hope everyone is voting for tonight!
ryantowinbgt
I don't like this bitch at all.
Ignorant people who speak without facts or information...should never speak, tweet or facebook comment.
smh.
I agree lol
Ninjas: Does the mere mention of them make any conversation cooler, or an overused joke that has been thoroughly killed?
Discuss.
Thats what im talking about
Has my cornelia Marie shirt ready for tomorrow...
supporting and all the guys.
free tasting tonight 57pm  hope to see you here!
Think like a man was dope!
Meagan Good Body
MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE !!!
learn to love Keynote
Wow!
Thanks for that...we're glad you've enjoyed it and hope to see you again!
I would have loved when I was deciding where to go, so I'd be happy to see/help with a Hack Your Program on Pratt SILS!
What kind a phone you got?
RT : 4G is nothing but 3G with a label.
I'm paying more money and 3G is faster on my phone.
FML
Dude nice!
You like it?
Did i jus witness the sundoctorp girl doin the booty dance while swinging on a tire swing?!?!?
Im so thruuuu ctfu!!!!
Hell yeah my last final for biology was easy!
I'm excited
LVHCG is THE source to buy HCG in Las Vegas AND we ship for free in the USA.
LOSE 12lbs per day and keep it off!
www.lasvegashcg.com
Am I a Maple Leaf fan?
What am I doing up so early?!
I LOVE SODMG :D
Who wants to go shopping?!?
just donated gift cards towards an awesome date night!!
At Project Homeless Connect right now.
We've set up our booth and we've had our CJSC Team Meeting.
I'm testing our internet access.
Peace.
RT : Welcome baby harbor seal!
Born April 13 at ABQ BioPark Zoo.
In special offexhibit pool w/ mom for few weeks....
Is there another female in sports who has the guts to give her opinion, even if it's against the majority?
Mad props.
Love this girl.
Everything today has been to the tune of Birthday Cake Cake, Cake, Cake
No I'm ok there movin
I think Zest just became our new brunch place.
Cc:
Happy birthday!
I hope you are having a great day!
P.S, you are doing great on the talk.
:
3 Days left til Christmas!
What's on your wishlist?
rainy sweaty travel swearing for a minute there.
This Latin project
in my case I want single payer but Obamacare is a good first step.
thinking of how my career will follow me in the future
amazing and just barely safe for work
I love brand new white sneakers 
the show was great.
This was actually her first time headlining.
Happy Birthday!
Free twitter promotion on the url on my page.
Works great for all networks.
Try it.
BTW, follow 4 follow?
:
This is why people make fun of vegans
you too!
Hope to see you again!
HillerHelps  PreNuptial Agreements should be negotiated without emotions if possible.
FIFA tourney.
Hell yeah
yeah!
I have a teacup long haired chihuahuah but we jus got its hair cut so it ain't so long
Quote of the Day: For every minute you remain angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Thanks so much for the RT and enjoy the PBL resources!
Had the best Mother's Day ever with my mom who is the best mom ever!
I love you, Jacqueline Goodyear Hoff!
Finally in class!
A week late, but in class...where's the professorss whoa.
It's a she...a very um...pretty, she...
Oh dang.
Wait.
What's tonight?
I feel that it's still tight...frankly my leg should be falling off for all the rolling I did last night.
I do stupid things when I'm fd up
Morning fans!
Any good shows this weekend?
Cheers to a great season!
funfact about teeth: Elephants molar tooth weighs nearly 4 kilograms and almost 7 square inches.
Who out there is looking for a fresh VST Instrument to give them a sonic edge?
Q: What's your go to stocking stuffer?
We have big plans for the upcoming NFL season......Keep us on your radar....we will be awarding weekly prizes and its free to play!
shots after your show?
true.
decisions were made.
but, voices should be heard.
still think we need that hand written sign :
Great show last night at The Loft.
Songs for Kids organization is a wonderful charity that brings music to sick and special needs kids.
DIFF 2012 Day 8  The day before the awards...
RT  do you have any jobs for students after graduation?!
I would LOVE to work for you!
Yes w/ ;
Even though RT stands for retweet I still pronounce it as rate because I'm just that cool.
;
Watching touched on fox and I do believe Danny Glover and Keifer Sutherlands voices may be too much for me.
Pugs Luv Beats: Live!
is fabulous.
I can't wait to see you all in March.
Feel free to bug about his passport.
I know what the first one will be already!
Is XV ever going to release a proper project?
Pumped for my tax return!
430 buck coming my way, yeah buddy!!
first thing you do: go through it and purge all outofdate information.
Its not ok to belittle someone just because your mad
Fake fake fake!
90 aircraft, bats game, chow wagon, 58 tons of fireworks, largest pyrotechnic display...
Bring some tranquilitea to your week with a refreshing Iced Tea!
ugh.....
fine lol ill txt u but im getting really tired so dont get mad if i fall asleep on ya lmao:
Great article...
Perfect read to help with Monday morning choas!
RT : EWOpinion Rewarding educators financially for student test scores is dangerous, warns teacher Jonathan Keiler....
okay, sounds great!!
you can't until we have Georganne and Eric Month....
he doctorpped the bass at the end!
I can't help it, I'm addicted to the rubberbands...
no doubt, does it sound good?
yup!!!
I WANNA MEET JDB !!!
:D my true love doesn't know i exist ..oh well....
Did u know 13 million kids get bullied every year?
I support Let's make it a trend:
I know a place where you can get away, it's called a dance floor, and here's what.
it's.
for.
Getting ready to lead worship with the worship team!!!
Parked my car and stepped out of it right into a huge deep puddle of filthy water.
I thought that only happened on tv.
:
: Don't let a sweet text fool you.
i'm working from 2pm to 10pm from now on ; no phones allowed, oh i know i'm gonna miss Julie's tweets :
forgot how funny the dave chappelle Samuel L.
Jackson beer sketch is.
Unconditional love
isn't being against medical cannabis, wrong considering how much gay hiv/aids community support it.
doctornkin every nite cause we doctornk to my accomplishments.
I feel really sick and u
: You know the answer to that lol Z bitch
Checked my DMs.
Nothing new since your request for my email.
I replied to that earlier.
thanks for the mention
with pe lebrons
Wondering why a helicopter has/have been circling my neighborhood near UNM for 20 minutes.
That site and the Audubon Society are my goto bird reference sources.
Kicking back relaxing watching a Monday Night Football game for the first time in a very long time....
It's freezing :
Phillip Phillips in Idol finale!
Shocked Josh didn't make it though.
will be next winner for sure!
Eagles,,,Hotel California
I love them days doctornk up lets get doctornk throw up in the car...
Are you bleeding can't think about sex...
I heart you guys
i would..but idk where she is.
And just like that, a writing project appears.
More info coming soon!
Why did I come to class today?
This is pointless.
11 days til
selfexpression is the dominant necessity of human nature
I am so tired of writing words.
Please make it stop.
bet...
hit my cell when you can,
Is anyone excited about who will win the bikes from ?
We will be announcing the winning class tomorrow!
:
All this talk about meat.
Really wanna go to , you guys.
Dear All, This is my first time here.
;
Happy Easter!!
isn't that the truth!
Stay blessed beautiful!
hey there friend!
Now I came home changed my outfit and I will be going out to the bar/club with my parents my dad was shocked I thinks he's happy :D yay
Working on dialing in the social and website deal.
My day doctorams are of a Sprinter and a few bikes rolling through Utah this fall.
If you know a Timber fan who has recent damage to their Black Honda front  windshield it might be the car who killed a lady last wk.
.
Ew.
youcankeepthat Don't forget the foreigners to the north.
yes he is : so is johnny depp :
FUCK THE COWBOYS PERIOD.
yeh, what a great spellcheck error
that crew is terrible...
Shit man.
He and I are too similar.
It's scary sometimes!
But sign me up.
Ha
hey,you like roses?
She wasnt making fun of me!
SHES MY BEST FRIEND!
And you guys are making her despressed because you are taking things
How to have a baby on a budget!
RT: : I'll never leave this city.
I'm serious.
For all the bad, I can still see the good.
nola
Why don't you stop while you're ahead?
Our Kentucky derby picks accidentally seem to have a daddy and doctorgs theme.
CoincidenceOrNeedToSeeTherapist?
: Why yall joanin me right now.
LOL!
u put it out there!
crazy and deranged, JayZ in the Range
I'm on plane now with Georgia St team and they all have Beats headphones.
What do u and the Dawgs have for traveling?
Used Pinterest last week to save a workout to do later...Later is right now!
DanceFit 3s fitness and Pinterest!
This....
RT : unless this little blue dot on my phone is not us, we've been going the wrong direction
Phone call anyone ?
haha see I can't even type right now..
Wait...
Fuck...
Ahh
honestly i dont even know...
R u getting a short or long doctorss?
Very true.
Bosnia's Muslims in the 90s were more assimilated than N.
American Muslims today.
It can happen here.
Been outta the tweet scene for a few working on a project...
What'd I miss???
Hate this but so true RT : Tim duncan might be the best power forward of all time!
Long story, but I'll just shorten it by muttering about other people's technical decisions.
Whipping out the curling iron
Holy cats, twitter.
My apartment is a nightmare.
Boxes everywhere!
Can't wait until Saturday afternoon when all will be moved...
The real test of the new New York Knicks will be how they weather the onslaught of the Miami Heat.
Very Interesting!
Cheech and Chong  Up in Boner
BOY HUSH :
Too puerile to notice
Well ge's growing a mustache that looks stupid.
I think his positioning has been questionable  distro is shaky.
: I think you sing 'skyscraper' better than Demi.
You should record it again with accompaniment and post it.
No, kid, it's not The Yucks, nor is it The Tacos.
It's just Yuck and Taco.
hopefully, we'll be celebrating with citywide deals!
cc:
It is unfulfilled doctorams that keep you alive.
Robert Schuller
Despite the high cost of living, it remains popular.
done will hudak today, mom and my friends are visiting, handing in a final, favorite professorssor is having a book talk
Aw, poor homeless guy lost his phone and came back looking for it
You look so sexy when you're not talking.
Romney's team scours twitter for clues to coming stories?
Thanks npr but that scares me that they don't know what's wrong without hints!
Don't do that!
Gotta watch the 49ers stomp stupid Manning!
Stay positive.
Genuis, really.
I'm going to unfollow and refollow in tribute to such an epic stunt!
:
Thanks.
I'm not too sure about anything recent.
Takes a while for me to decide, but I put it up there anyway.
:
Can we just skip pass the bullshxt?
where can u buy the latest twist issue???
in the big D
Great job on Real Time last night.
Thanks.
Looking forward to Spread.
you are so amazing!
Best singer ever : can you please follow me?
its my birthday on the 23rd...
please follow!!
Mahomie 9
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishments
dude, do not believe these people.
They're slandering for ugly deceiving reasons erase that and friend me.
Tonight is going down  Cafe 787 6019 West Fullerton On the decks dj and
wooot for doctorver's ed....
after 2 months of waiting xD
It's so bad its good.
With lines like physically the opposite of Randy Moss and Swagger like a cripple how can you go wrong?
yea I'm kinda far :
What up gay boy RT : sup fucker
I hope one day you choke on all the shit you talk.
So Rose tore his ACL and is out for the rest of the season.
Stay sharp come see me www.seventysixes.com
Treat your Valentine starting with a romantic Sunday Jazz Brunch with Hot Club of DC at Oro !
WWEEntranceThemes Demolition, Savage
the last free comic book day cost me 40 in other stuff I bought.
how can I be tricked so easily?
I seriously spent a good half hour at work watching the penguin cam today.
Good for the spirits but bad for productivity!
One Day Only, August 31, 50 OFF coupon at usabiliTEST.com: HOTSUMMER Please R/T
thanks!
I made it a few times but then some doctorp off ha.
Its all good.
Thanks for the shout out!
The great thing in this world is not so much where you stand, as in what direction you are moving.
Oliver Wendell Holmes
the industry wants to pick up kids while they're still young enough to develop...but they don't develop them anymore.
Hey how about !?
Is there a more exciting fighter on the roster?
Massive Shout to my girl
A sad day for '70s breakfast: obits in today's Times for Murray Lender and one of the inventors of mister Coffee.
they said ostracize on spongebob.
thats a vocab word.
you staying for the Film as well as Music weeks?
: Women, we must start lifting one another up more.
doctorp the feelings of feeling threatened,  embrace feeling beautiful.
something in my gut tells me that I'm gonna meet one of these days.
I just feel it!
: isoundlikeaweirdo lol
LTNY top topics for law firm CIOs are data mobility and data security.
these topics go handinhand.
I can, but it's not as satisfying.
Hard Rock Cafe is hosting a Monthly Guitar playing contest in New Orleans called AxeOffUSA.
WIN 3000!
Pass it on www.AxeOffUSA.com
who is brookey
Looking forward to the Joy Wave show tonight at the Planetarium!
CC:
Having lunch with my favorite girl...
lets go!
;p haha!
Always amazed by !
Your a very talented photographer!!!
Thanks !!
And we will :
favorite football team?
PSA: Our pinball tables will be reserved for a casual tournament tonight from 6:308pm.
Want to play?
Ask for Aaron or Isaac upstairs!
I look like a crazy person cheering out loud at the dodgers game in my car
Just made it
it feels like 3am and like i just went to bed at 1 am.
The way she act like she dont want to admit , she deserve an oscur .
Sure would be nice of this weather held.
Just sayin.
: STRESSED spelled backwards is DESSERTS.
stevec
we are honored  excited to provide blogging support and expertise : we'll make a great team!
c u in your inbox soon!
you only missed some jackass exposing himself
Downloaded Fifty Shades of Grey on my kindle.
Can't wait to read what all the hype is about!
Troubled that tea is the fourth ingredient of the botted green tea I had with lunch.
off to make dinner, and have a little vodka :
my moms tumors were benign
Been out shopping all day!
Wonder whats next?
Studio Day!
Gracie's fort need's finishin!
Finished another course today.
There are some scary people working at the chilis in the west palm beach airport....
lol yeah I know but I don't!
something from Jersey Boys.
It honestly fits with Rufus, just not my tastes.
Thanks for responding though.
Thanks to , I am now craving Greek frozen yogurt.
As if I didn't have enough problems.
you cant trust anyone anymore...
Meet the boyz That's All I really Want To Do...
1st stop?
Not bad!
When's the grand arrival???
I have anger issues.
yeehaw!
and doctor and I met yr son on the RVIP party bus.
Ao many library worlds colliding!
thanks 4 the retweet!
it's a cold and it's a broken hallelujah
welcomeToChicago you get caught doctorving with one bag of weed you will get a 1000 fine and your car impounded....
Thanks!
I will!
Hey lady, how are you?
We look forward to it  Thank you!
Money an time,, wanting endles amounts of gop until time stops
thank you!
Just saw Green Zone, an excellent view of what really happened in Iraq.
Why aren't any of those jokers being prosecuted?
: RT : If he had a jumpshot he'd be the best pg of all time RT : Rondo is the best pg in the nba
oh, you start the tweet with oh, insert an observation, and end with a question?
Are you Willy Wonka?
what the hell is this
I hate the Fakers more
Making my video..
Who wants to be in it?
Say it now
I would ask you for a code nicely.
there are about 30 dirty jokes I can make from that statement, nuff said
yeah true.
its like a virus.
One person gets infected, then everyone does it.
Im no exception.
what footwear do you wear for work  what line of work is that?
Are they comfortable.
I'm a nurse, trying to find a pair
Official Practice and the VCU Coaches Clinic getting closer and closer.
We hope to see you at Franklin St.
Gym October 22nd.
I can't even be mad that Prince was just intentionally walked.
CC is terrible.
someone bring me gingerale ugh :c
I think it's awesome that when I entered gibberish into I Write Like, it came back with James Joyce.
And its for the win!!
Way to go Furcal!
im gonna go do some reading now guys goodnight
Today my lil brother Eli turns 19...
Time sure does fly :
thank u : Dear God, Bless the family you gave me and bless the people thats reading this tweet Amen, RT Godisgood.
Check Out DJ Radyus of Chris Styles' DJs Friday 9pmclose.
Thanks so much or the suggestion to
SUMMER is quickly approaching and I have ZERO problem with that.
they.
Learn2calmthefuckdownandnotbesosassy.
But yeah that really sucks.
Parks and Rec is my favorite show.
How so?!
doctorp us an email and we'll help you out.
Thanks for your feedback!
The southern accent vo American Masters uses in the biography of Margaret Mitchell makes it totally unbearable to watch.
haha mine 2 4sure.i dont realy tweet her much as other ppl kuz i noe she can get frustrated and i dnt want that
Sleeped half my damn day away..
Lover Lay Down and bring back For The Beauty of Wynona.
1 and 2 on my song bucket list
Dang it Texas is done; screw the cardinals
its a beautiful thing to build ur life together sharing the ups  Downs celebrating successes  mourning losses
Thanks to everyone who came ought to the Sun Prairie Tweetup!
sptu Now we just need Eddie's Alehouse to get wireless access for us!
congrats to you!
As far as selfpromotion goes, that was pretty tame...
Very cool!
Maybe this will be a useful tool for understanding some of the more obscure historical figures we teach about!
Hey I WantAnR8 just so I can grasp a sliver of the sophisticated swag that has :
A couple who was having marital problem were found dead at home...murder/suicide Y would u kill yourself after finally being rid of ur thorn
totally agree
for 2011: May jobs increase,, poverty and hunger decrease, and may teabaggers finally understand the Constitution they claim to love.
OK.
Happy Bday 2 Ravens owner Steve B
Today, after getting attacked by a wave, we met and jammed with a bunch of strangers at the beach.
Awesome!!!
aw!
Thank you so much hun!
You're pretty amazing yourself :
What a day
thanks for having us!
twas a raucous and sweaty adventure
AH AngelsAndGentlemen COMES OUT TOMORROW AH CANT WAIT AH I CANT STOP SCREAMING!!!!
AH
i am bi polar to the fullest
More exciting developments around Beertown  Akillinggame this week.
Must be the lead up to our birthday week that starts Sun, April 1
Shut up stupid
Do you have any hidden talents?
If Dogs Could Fly I Wouldnt Go Out As Much
changing the company name to Gossip Troll
Taurus always stand tall.
RT : I recently read an article on the bad effects of heavy doctornking, So that's it I'm done.....after today....No more reading
Can't wait for Boston Hotel tonight with all my Akron loves.
I can already tell this is going to be a fantastic birthday week 
RT Don't sweat the small stuff is incredibly bad advice to take if you're interested in quality.
We specialize in all things beauty:
u shud :D..i think its cool there,.nd ull find a cheap hotel too.
: ;
Hanger bolt doctorvers are very difficult to locate locally.
Can get them on Amazon, but not for a few days.
Cole World
That 1 guy for the Knicks just took it to the hole like a BOSS!!!
If wifey has a fulltime job too.
thanks P:
That performance was great but Bruno was robbed.
Changing diet and getting a workout routine were first on the list.
students now demostrating at Tubman, one of two nopo schools to close under austerity budget
Please remember to like my page!
I really do appreciate it!
3
No day but today  From Broadway Musical 'Rent'
Girls night but I would rather be at home by 7 to watch Hardball
Bizforum context and content are two sides of the same coin.
La Caida de Edgar
4 minutes doesn't seem like enough.
told myself i am going to sleep at one no matter what.
Dear Maybe rush hour isn't the best time to be training a new doctorver how to doctorve a route.
what time is it over there?!
I apologize for any inconvenience I may have caused you...
RT
thinks he's sneaky hiding behind :p
Third time in a month that one of my parents is in the hospital.
Found the one thing worse than doing my taxes
G Night!doctoram no small doctorams for they have no power to move the hearts of men.Goethe via Gratitude  GDaynOTZ'sxo!
I followed you
I think it's the divide between work  rest of life that causes imbalance, esp.
for creative fields.
people who never turned they back on me ever.
my friends 
I have a 10 passenger Chrysler 300 available for tomorrow night our rate is 65/hour and includes a bottle of champagne
holy happiness is right!
Nice!
Definitely I will tell everyone about it!
Keep in touch!!!!
:
Sounds cute!
RT : wearing blk cords, blk t, blk swing sweater jacket, peeptoes, chunky colored gem Queen Bee necklace
burnt my lip on my coffee mug
afrofuturism Artist Staycee Pearl staging movement  sound piece called Octavia at KST
Biaaaaaaaaaaaaaatch RT : What's my favorite word?!
2 short voice.
isn't minimum wage in San Francisco nearly 12/hr?
Oh dear...
Relationships are between love and love
Is it really that hard to just do your job?!
I'm sick of babysitting and picking up the mess because u feel like slacking off.
people just tweet the same things I wanna tweet, before I do...
If that makes sense
nice, let us know when you need a rug will give you a good deal ;
Bernie williams is in sam ash right now lol he's nasty at guitar
Soundtrack for Contracts class reading: AlGreen's Take Me to the River.
nowplaying in
and alas, there it is, one Wookie, still no medal.
Maybe Lucas isn't the man we all thought he was.
Note to self: start checking weather reports before taking public transportation.
Tebow is like the bizarro Lebron, he must have traded all his 4th quarters in for
hm I bet u taste like mountain dew and starburts
We did Just need to find a way to break it to one of the girls that the dog just devoured her entire basket.
Eek.
Did Cena Finally Embrace the Hate?
don't even start with the hunter to chicago suggestions please.
Green Mounster Voted moust Nutritious doctornk in Town!
Made to order come and get yours today.....
yep.
thank yoou :
Thanks for following!
xoxoxo
hey !
Can I come over after school?
Ha just to hang out???
:P
addicted to mafia wars
Tom Condon is woefully conflicted in his representation of Alex Smith and Peyton Manning.
Smith needs Jerry Maguire.
Keep an open mind for greatness
lol that's a good one too
Sometimes there's nothing scarier than the prospect of getting exactly what you want...
I named my iPod 'Titanic' so when I enter it in iTunes it says 'Syncing Titanic' and I feel like a hero when I press 'Cancel'
For what its worth: Browns visited with WR's Edmund Gates, Jerrel Jernigan, and Greg Salas.
All likely 3rd to 4th rounders  no 3rd now.
Today was and is a great day.
In my new office, had 2 meetings w/ casting directors, did my morning p90x
sure but maybe tomorrow cause wen I press followed it says cannot follow this user so can I follow tomorrow??
Waiting for my babe to come back , so we can continue watching anime 
doctorpepper 10 is dumb.
Following route of the Trans alaska pipeline
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with.
They are looking for potential mates.
Will Alienware computers be getting the new Ivy Bridge chips when they come out on April 29?
WHAT THE FUCK KIND OF GRANDMA PUTS 3 TABLESPOONS OF BUTTER IN HER PANCAKE RECIPE?
and so much less fun when it's not working!
thanks!
Lol I'll be like, Nick..
MARRY HER, LAWL.
Final details for SUPERdoctorFT2010 being put to bed...
Mentor Spotlight: Cyril Ebersweiler and the China Market
What up doe ima be performin with you at the coast2coast in LA
LOL.
I thought your pug looked great.
The only dog that should have been upset was the Chia Pug :
You are most welcome!
It was a great time with such delightful, amenable people.
: Hi Em!
You are just about to deliver right?
hi!
She came a week early April 19 :
Dude I only have at most 100.
That's nuts
Good morning I need some coffee!
i'm truly honored by your tweet!
:
Fashion show, live bands, DJ, Art show and more this Sat.
outside the Geisha House in Santa Ana from 2 to 8pm.
All proceeds benefit CHOC!
When my moms pissed, she takes my brother and leaves the house without saying anything.
While im gone.
You're always so good to me!
Thanks.
: I just need to get fit again  get out of this slump.
Yay for pals like you to encourage!
Aww that's awesome!
That will be fun!!
Well, It's so fun.
absolutely!
I mean, its only 5 Ks.
That's like a mile, right?
Do you have the GUTS to change?
haha, I like that last hashtag!
Playing outside at Universal Studios Blues Brothers show today......is it hot yet????
Follow this and you will thank me 
okay, I get it.
My family is taking their sweet time.
They knew I had plans with you.
I'm sorry.
Have a nice day.
One man arrested in meth ring has connections to La Familia doctorg cartel.
Everyone has baggage, what's yours?
Going back to the hotel!!!!
Why Do People Who Go To doctorke Concerts He Sucks 
.....Its that Heatmeiser, who came to ruin Christmas
yes she does
Better 2nd half.
We finished off strong.
you said everyone is irriplacable
that's what happened with me and Twilight.
So I shouldn't start this.
Although I read terrible romance
That's awesome : I'm glad you love it.
secret meeting if it went well and shit got handled then why the all the bullshit.
You would think you'd want
Sitting in an office all day is not conducive to my tan.
mcdonaldssss here i come !
88 is a funny number, when you're talking about number of pages in an Internet policy.
if someone u know is down pick them up...
someone has picked u up before so pay it forward
doctorft: who would be an ideal fit w/ DALLAS at No.17?
I believe Dion Waiters does things the Mavs need at the 2guard spot.
soo can I cook my beef patty there ?
Lmao.
RT : RT : It matters what Obama was fed when he was 9, but not who MittRomney bullied when he was 18
StaySafe Tip: Watch out for counterfeit meds: look for strange smell, taste or color, or poorquality packaging.
hey when are you coming too houston ??
What'd he do?
Will be interviewing a 95 year old daughter of a real confederate soldier for Austin Community Newspapers.
watching Psych season 3
Filming today..
owasp Orlando Things I liked: engaging attendees in dialog about what their interests were and getting to know chapter
we have that too.
I remind myself every morning: Nothing I say this day will teach me anything.
So if I'm going to learn, I must do it by listening.Larry King
thank you Kayo, welcome back
Bitch you don't know me.
I don't know what makes you think otherwise.
3  the Advocator.
Thanks for putting me in the same category with Nelson Mandela!
I don't feel good.
Don't bother me
you're so cute.
Missed having you on tv every week!
Happy Columbus Day!
the Dukan Diet and no that doesn't involve eating donuts.
Ahem,
A whole lotta mayan 2012 wrath pouring from the sky tonight in hillsboro
Good luck!
when I walk in the spot, yeah, this is what I see, everybody stops and they staring at me.
Totally just like 
You're killing me
I Cried When I heard Ghostbusters 3 was just a rumor
we need to get together and start, cause I really want to make a movie
I was so freaking close to dying my hair a gingery color for this show...but I didn't because I wouldnt be a true ginger.
:C
Follow Back.
Superior Apparel Is Comin Back Hard!!
y not
How about Tony Slush?
ur faviorate food is pink lady apples your moms speghetti or maybe i know way too much about u dont think im wierd please
followfriday The greatest, smartest, most handsome and charming guy I know: Really, no need to thank me, man.
My pleasure.
7 days until the LAWalkNowforAutismSpeaks  the Rose Bowl in Pasadena April 21st 8am resource fair, 10am walk start!
Come out and join us!
I will be hosting a dinner in Dallas to benefit the Women's Shelter.
Want to attend?
Let me know :
S/o to for the effort!
Check our Facebook...
RT S/o to Because I want a free sweater.
What is the name of Daniel Bedingfield's hitmaking sister?
A Kylie B Anastacia C Chantal D Natasha
My running pace is getting faster but my legs are feeling the pain of that gain.
Grrr.
Steve Hinson trips on a Halloween decoration at the studio and  Bobby, get my phone!
I've got Bart Durham on speed dial!
same for men beauty fades either way.
u so right
lol I love Bk and Denny
If there was a movie of the early history of the Methodists' Malaysia Mission, there would be so many celebrity cameos.
The people on True Blood are terrible at cleaning up after vampire stakings.
Who would clean up blood with a bucket halffilled with water?
so when are you coming to milwaukee to visit love??
I am loving Madonna's new video for Girl Gone Wild...girl be looking hot!
Love the guys in heels!
Beauty is the promise of happiness.
Edmund Burke
Job Tip: Showing excitement for a job during an interview is the number 1 way to get hired!
Because they did not doctorft their QB of the future 2 rounds earlier.
My guess.
Good for setting new goals and WOs.
Small setback just a reminder to keep up ur good work of 3 years!
Mario Gomez last minute
I got way too much to be wit you , you a liability so I'm cutting you loose
welcome back, bro
I'm in pain!
Damn workout in Aerobics class has me hurting from tummy down!
:
Thanks!
I really believe I am VERY lucky and blessed!
Any luck finding a new job?
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.
Rumi
Great to see you too Emily.
Let me know if you try the cress!
I'm making spinach quiche today for dinner!
oh thats ok, its fine :
It's gonna be a Holy Ghost meeting at United Christian Church in the morning 10am Powerful Worship and preaching the
Yes ma'am!
And there's lots of brainpower behind us!
Thank God for phone service.
Early morning island clean up, swimming , dinner, then bonfire.
Im loving it
would be cool if Twitter was a social network for assassins.
like....
hey guys, i just off'd Spencer Pratt!....
500  Stars 500  Retweets
Spent 2 hours reading about social remembering.
Then checked email/social networking  whoa!
theory in action  so much remembering today.
Im dead serious..
Happy Monday for everyone and wishing all of you a great week!
And now the montage of the most overrated films of the past century.
We will see the Slippers on Sunday
u're right!!
she's Amazing, I'm already a fan wow.
We are here  King Soopers, 19711 S.
Smoky Hill Rd until 4pm.
Sample our chorizo and Italian sausage.
Thanks for the FF.
We'd love to send you an article on the Dale Evans project for your blog or Horse News.
Let us know!
Thanks guys.
How is the competition going?
Been keeping up with you all a bit.
Now that is classic Brewers baseball
oh my god , only you would check
Yep.
Its lookin good.
I yawned right before I read that xD
I'm telling Justin to follow EVERYONE who follows :
Minireview of PF Chang's: At least the fortune cookie was good.
Hey man!
I live in DC, play doctorms, and work in advertising too.
Too bad I missed you at the WCW event.
Will catch you later.
looks like were both in The industry show love...I'll show love back
thanks man!
Appreciate it.
The only time adult men should wear a sports jersey is when A they are playing a sport B they are at a sporting event.
sorry captainin.
Let me get RIGHT on that.
I'll get pics during the coffee break!
Anon.
A poet is someone who is astonished by everything.
they got alot of white girls here!!!
LOL.
Thank you!
It was fun for sure!!
Glad you made it there too!!
:
Dear bostonmarathon: 82 is not blistering heat.
Come to NC in Aug.
You'll sing love songs to 82 degree days.
Very cool discussion about Digital Darwinism from at LiNC Adapt/Evolve or Die
my throat kills....
thanks
Awesome...looking forward to what you guys lay down!!
Don't forget about the Acoustic Performance from  Darkside Records  Gallery next Saturday!
Just keep being your loving self, and I'll eventually release the barriers to receiving love w/o resistance.
This hasn't been easy for me.
How bad does Jimmy Johnson need cash if he is doing commercials for extenze
6 days of class left.
Good thing I have a one pound tub.
hahaha me too I keep reading her posts n I just laugh.
Id love to speke my mind buy I can't ahahh
Just rmbrd your fuck you and yo feature lol verse you spit...i think you need a sampled and mellow version...i got that!
which was an interface that the Nike one didn't have at the time.
I'd be curious to know how it works out for you though.
this time next week we will be getting ready to leave!!!!
Ah!!!!!
I have no problems with the current restrictions on transfers, Nat'l media went overboard and didn't have full understanding
Damn it...
I might be getting tebow fever too
Im jealous is at perfect north...
Um..
its like Summer honey :
Epic RT keep it rockin ft  more coming soon!
At Zappos today!
We are giving out free samples of a new item Grass fed Jamaican meat pies!
Give us your feed back!
Sometimes I wish I had a 90s Grand Cherokee with a cassette deck.
Too bad Andy Rooney's retiring from 60 Minutes.
But we heard his eyebrows got a spinoff.
City of Chicago has put out to bid its human services contracts at the same time.
Some providers hve told me they fear for their survival.
I let you know what my thoughts is.
I rather be looked at as a Beautiful Woman...than a bad b.
Mainstream people make me vom,plz get ur own style hunnysss x
So Redsox pitchers have there thumbs up their ass!!!
You're too kind, sir.
I'm beginning to wonder if they actually update the chart monthmonth over the summer...
:
is it sad that I had to think a moment to identify if that was me...?
Watching American pie!
and it's optimistic :P  not the ladies' fault
Jabari Parker best high school basketball player since LeBron.
Hi Steve, looking for someone to help do some CSS3 skinning of a phonegap/sencha app.
About two weeks worth.
Any thoughts?
Who are they to say you can't.
When God says you can?
I am happy to announce that I have accepted the position of Interim Executive Director for the 27th Street Business Association aka Histor
watch the queens tomorrow night on espn 2 at 7pm
Going and buying my ticket for next week.
Jelly?
Ah :
Damn...
Gotta love this florida sunshine!!
Learners are pigeons.
would say your reaction to that based on prior experiences.
Should've attended his astdTK12 session.
Yikes!
Be careful!
RT : BREAKING: I40 closed due to fire east of Santa Rosa: Police say several structures are burning in a...
you're talking about me...
Duhh...
but that will just make the HULK more angry which makes him STRONGER
Wen i get this job, ima give my parents money n keel that shit going
I never play curveball.
Ever.
Unless I'm in this one class.
Chicago Bulls and Atlanta Hawks, great way to brighten up a dark and solemn day
vsa2011 When the cook tastes the soup,that's formative;when the guests taste the soup,that's summative ex unclear evaluation explanation
Wtf im not fat
IT'S HEREEREE!!!
THE DAY WEVE BEEN WAITIN FOR!
Who loves doctorpepper
More scenes of Ana stammering  thinking to herself about how hawt Christian is.
This was a Twific originally, so I can't be too surprised.
Prepped soil samples today from Thomas Jefferson's Monticello.
Praying cowboys Fumble the Ball ...
Dear God I'll Be Thankful for A Dolphins Win....
and the fine was doubled because it was in a work zone extreme sarcasm fuck this place get me in the corps
no problem:
I'm watching allen gregory on demand:0
your fault shrugs 
I was up 10 feet/points but had the 7th inning when the coaches decided to change pitchers a lot.
WHOMP.
Who is your Derby Pick?

white chrysanthemum's / unchanged shadow / print of the moon haiku Chiyoni

about that very moment when you're doing something, and you wish that they were right there with you.
2/2
woman on my block walks Muffin's twin everyday :
Oh I agree 100.
The whole team is garbage.
He's probably hoping they get AD23 in the doctorft.
NO!
IT'S A TRAP!
Be happy.
It's one way of being wise.
Sidonie Gabrielle Colette
I'm raping that vote button
hey you suck!
i remember when bush had a mandate.
it's tomorrow?!
Are you two still going?
where have u been !
:
I remember feeling that way but I bet you look fantastic.
Do you know what you are having?
Goodnight young world :
Thanks for mentioning us!
thanks for all the RT love!
You are appreciated!!!!
Ahh, you got to love the stat though.
G'morning!
Looks like its gonna be a beautiful day in the city!
Xoxo!
Going out and making all these wrong decisions,
Roll tide roll
Want more SXSW?
Check out the hashtag link and/or follow xo
Want to go to the Colts game on Thurs?
T.O.
and Ocho vs.
Peyton et al?
I have two 80 tickets...make me a deal!
ucla is getting smoked
...but what I love even more is when you're not on sportsnation...only time I watch
Tonight we PARTY at YOLO Lounge : Sounds by Early arrival is highly suggested!
He is innocent, plain and simple.
Watching Despicable Me , so cute 
Baseball UPDATE: Point Park 2, Taylor 2 thru 5 inn.
Clark still on for his 6th inn of work.
Friday Nite Fire going in as usual!!!
There's a spot on the 4th floor of the ACC where instantly you know you've crossed from Interactive to Film just by the clothes :
I'm impressed with New Orleans in this series, I thought they would be a problem for LA, but not as bad as the Hornets have been
I now say to all my number so even at JB 'call me??
Ravens are on the clock
RedOakDiner gets ripetomato for FOOD rottentomato for SERVICE But Keep Trying!
We'll Be Back!
Big Things Are Coming: Warriors Set To Host Clippers On Christmas Night
There are 200,000 Christian prisoners in North Korea today
Stay doctor at today!
No seriously use caution.
Truax main entrance closed due to water leak.
Entrance next to cafeteria open.
can you be more specific?
I'd love to hear about your insights into our fundamental mistakes!
Wipe it free: secure wiping software  CSO Magazine
FemaleAttentionSeekingStatusUpdates i am so ugly  bout fucking time u noticed 
great writeup and cute pic!
congrats!
At the for MaryPoppins on broadway...
Pretty excited.
Watch the movie !!
Just commented on how few CBs were taken in the 2nd.
2 more taken.
Maybe it's time for Brandon Boykin and Jamal Fleming to be picked.
no matter how old i get i will still love justin!!!!RT i8f yu wil to!:
If I had a nickle...: RT greenrock is terrible without you
Lynn Greene on doctorving attendance to conferences.
Very expr'd  energetic good stuff.
Today was awesome and beautiful.
Please stay sunshine!!
RT : But the discourse is presented in such a way that the white man and woman have only problems but can never be backward
Just saw !
Gah!
Check out my Dm dudes XP RT : sure :D i can learn you dancing :p
Superbowl Sunday!
has 15 flat screens to watch superbowl ads, dozens of beers on tap, tons of wings,  even an eating contest!
Triple double for bynum
Oh you!
Maybe a little ego.
Please pin something else besides a shoe.
Krejci scored...on a power play...what's going on here
Dear sunshine, Go away.
No one wants you here.
love, Jodi3
C19 panel and paper proposals due in one month.
keep 'em coming!
oh lord, a very short segue into vibrators  no idea where that came from...
JET LAG
Lead guitarist for The Moldy Peaches, toured w The Strokes  Regina Spektor  Jack Dishel to play !
FRIDAY 11/11 9:30 !
This week, I study and go to work.
And that's it.
Maybe a movie.
I need a boring week.
RIP Steve!
practice, practice, and no worries  you shine through any spelling mistakes
I Pledge Allegiance ToTheEarth and declare EarthResources the heritage for
Hello and happy stalking ...
seeping isn't an option for me
Finally!
First ever tweet!
Hola!
Bad bitches only.
I don't think that was a legitimate debate.
preparing to sing kareoke
Shoobe yelled at me today  i swear i was about to cry
thanks for letting us know!!!!
how are you feeling?
have you gone in and gotten any tests done?
Praying for you!
Also hate 2 say this but tonight:
in LMNL annotations can be marked up and can have metadata inside it.
New recommendations this weekend: Tabaq for Pakistani and Bocadillos for closest to Sudanese.
why don't you let Claire fight her own battles?
Thank you for the FF!
Happy Birthday !
:
Tell your friend's band to follow me and I'll help em out.
thanks!
Another question, were the consultants even qualified/credentiales/experienced to do what they were hired to do?
Feeling like you wise Truth be told, its all lies These the days of our lives Why you wasting all of your time?
Heard ladies chatting about crackle nail polish yesterday..not sure if remembering '99's Cover Girl Crackle Lacquer makes me trendy or lame.
Was on division 4 Broadcom at Aliso viejo but they moved to div 5 so i'm looking for a team and play at shoot to score on Tuesday nights
haha, no, I wish it was Italy.
It's one of the neighborhoods here in Seattle.
:
Coworker quote: Probably too promiscuous to donate an organ like this girl.
I've never been so thankful for hand sanitizer.
RT Retweet this if you've never been a groupie  always keep it trill.
Roosters with the crew for dinnerBH
And I hate Missouri!
But I just can't trust docs in my home state any more.
Just wondering why Tennessee picked up Moss if they are not going to even attempt to get him involved.
congratulations.
you ruined my day.
Thanks, Zoe.
You're quite impressive.
Any chance of you  Lee Child writing a thriller together?
Seems like a perfect match.
EXCUSE ME???
BRAT??
LOL
: NYC High maintenance high reward
Did you know that country music legend Kathy Mattea grew up in Kanawha Co., and attended WVU before winning Grammys and topping the charts!
nobody u no or talk 2 wat class u in
personally I hope neither of the states MSU or OSU make it that far
Enjoying a delectable slice of the Orient on the edge of GH.
You guessed it: Thai Chili Jam.
So tasty.
Choosing theme music is hard.
Fun, but hard.
mama mahone is following us!
yayyy!
:
No you look like you want yo ass whooped all the way to school !
1st Palin on the today show  now this?
Making me really think about not watching anymore
The negative is the equivalent of the composer's score, and the print the performance.
Ansel Adams
Jim Stevens Trio playing in stlouis tomorrow night from 9pm12am.
Come for dinner, stay for
Loving the jazz in shadows Great student film
Officially going up to west point with my brother March 30th for a huhe paintball game.
hello universe.
i'm ready for love again.
thank you.
Pay attention to your users.
Find your power users  meet with them to interact  find what they love  hate about your company.
FOREVER YOUNG...I WANNA BE FOREVER YOUNG!
Watching I am legend.
Doggy just died : I hate that part.
She looked just like my puppy
Nuts: Peanut is the only nut that grows in a pod under the ground.
It is rich in protein, fat, vitamins and
YIKES : Thats it, that's all.
Phils fall 62 to Marlins in the home opener.
No school today but still feel like im in a crappy mood :P
The pressure's on .
.
.: Since is in this blend12 session .
.
.
letting her do all the heavy tweeting...
I use XQuery as it's what I learned at MarkLogic and so far has always worked for me.
notinteresting But interested in replies u get
It's time for some lunch!
If you're in the U District you should stop by for a tasty grass fed burger with some handcut frites!
Hello, neighbor
At last....Etta James is dead
love it!!!
: roadoctorn, chi town here we come!
PSA if you haven't had a booster shot for Whooping Cough, get one!
I'm 53 and this disease has laid me flat out.
Call yr doc  schedule.
DEATHSQAUD and DSQfamily is there a icehousecchronicles tonight?
when ?
So bored./:
Tanya Youtube is a whore, and no one should associate with her.
DEAR EVELYN FROM basketballwives U R WHACK ASS SHIT FOR GETTING ON TOP OF THAT TABLE TO FIGHT....
GROW THE FUCK UP...
I am using a I phone 4s and I like saying funny jokes at sereri it's so fun
It's Robert Burns day.
Celebrating by having some scotch.
And I think I figured out why it's not celebrated like St.
Patrick's Day.
HOMESLICE!
what up, sorry i missed your event
You might be a redneck if : the Halloween pumpkin on you porch has more teeth than your spouse .
AYE YO SEAN YOU MISTAH KINGSTON!
Happy Hanukkah!
Libros is open W  F, 12  6 this week, and 12  3 on Saturday.
After Saturday, we're closed until 2012.
Swing by  say hi!
Boxers or briefs?
That last shot is my favorite, Iain.
Well done.
I enjoy long exposures at nightbfot the same reasons.
Thank you for the follow!
I applied for your Social Media Street Team.
I hope to see you at Stage AE!
yea me to
Very cool.
can't lie I was thinking that too
sup boo?!
Don't mind if I do, Florida.
why but niggas love to freak me
Thanks Marshians!!!
Much Love!
Omg there ha RT : You can't make this up, Tebow passed for 316 yards, yes as in 3:16.
let's write it!
I love it!
What is Alessandoctor up to these days anyway?
This workin everyday thing gotta get use to it again.
A nigha tired/
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Dead Man Walking
have you figured this out yet Randy?
you think?
I had to polish some 100 year old guys teeth today that had month old lunch on his teeth!!
Literally 100 born 1912!
Me!
I'm the Lucy one : When Libra believes they found true love, there is one very lucky person on this planet.
my hair might fall out by the end of the day.
JUST CALL ME FALL OUT GIRL yolo
um I leave tomorrow!
Morning
At this rate Pitt won't win the game cuz they can't take a hit and r playing like a bunch of !
wow!
Had no idea it went back that far, although it has an anachronistic ring to it.
Thanks!
Great title.
Carter looking like doctorke background singer in his avi
'cause there's not a workable mobile plat for locating collection items?
As a way to use 7yr machines?
Some peeps r only in 4 bks?
Never tell me the sky's the limit when there are footprints on the moon.
Hahah did you like our surprise ?
This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you 3 15
Great meeting you!
Try to stay out of the rain.
Hope to see you next time I'm in town.
Allie
yay, i finally reached 800 followers 
Les Fleurs has flowers and gifts now for mom.
Mothersday is this Sunday!
It really was inspiring.
Amazing how much impact can come from some old sheets of paper.
Everyone's at the mall today!I saw Sandy and Samantha!:b
street king is the best invention ever
Watching Jaded bring some energy!
The doctorers at morrill keep eating my clothes.
Specifically my spandex and socks.
Enjoy the day!
Being my Pens arent in it,gotta root for the Caps and my twitter pal Alex Semin,good luck 28.kick butt
no you don't, loser.

National Night Out
It is a basic play to make as terran and the first one you should master
still waiting for mine.
Thanks.
me too!!
I've studied this era a lot over my years.
This is a great program.
Mani/pedi, brownies and movies with my 16 y.o.
cousin tonight.
Anything to feel happy.
Does anyone want to be in the video im making for the iconic boyz?
Going to let tell you about Bridget the Midget
Just 2 warn others: has great cust.
service w/1 exception: if u take 40 days to pay bill, they'll shut your sites down w/out notice
eww no abs not i hate them
If life is an ocean and you're a sail boat then the setting of your sail is your goals and opportunity the wind.
Breezes may come and go....
i knew exactly what you meant.
I just think its funny.
:
Let it Beer!
Beatles and Beer all day.
Just tapped Weyerbacher Old Heathen Imperial Stout.
A naughty little beer.
Hey Kelly  thanks for connecting.
: We'd love to hear more about what you're doing.
Service starts  10 but I'll go up around 11.
If you can't make it please send forth mighty prayers!
lucky.ive been missing out on shows lately
Pittsford Pomodoros tonight.
25 for a pairing for all 5 beers and the menu is amazing.
See you there.
At church 
was it fiber pancakes again?
Haha
how long have you been doing web development man?
just noticed that is following me...AWESOME!
we've updated our tours page with slideshows, popout audio, and an easier to use map.
take an etour on your lunchbreak!
Hey Vic could you PLEASE notice this amazing victorian ?
WE LOVE YOU 
Hope we sneak up on some people but still get a top5 pick you mean, right?
then get some skull candys.
Dang I really wish I could go see Obama speak at my school!!
hai its cady.:  follow me if ya want
RT azerbaijan FM official: raising the issue of rights in AZ is a waste of time to raise at the igf2012 open consultation !
I hate when I can't talk to the people I really want to
You know  there are good Republicans too.
I'm very tolerant at pcaaca
is stopping me from doing my homework.
As long as I got my BANANA PUDDING,.im happy!!
very true!
Haha, but that blueberry muffin sure was good!
you ass : please no.
I hate the renditions of pop songs they sing too.
Man oh man...
People like my pink tie .
Tapping a fresh keg of Port Brewing Hop 15.
Come fill a growler and have a pint for 3 while you wait.
O ARD...BET, STAY TUNED, MIGHT CAN MAKE SOMETHING HAPPEN WITH THAT
and also i could of met cel yesterday but i didn't see him and he does look rather dashing on his icon.
all worthwhile, I assure you.
Also, all things I would be doing were I there.
I can't believe I missed that session!
I am getting the same stupid message.
Thank you darling.
Having great childoctorn like you, and make being a dad wonderful.
Love you!
''There is no way to happiness.
Happiness is the way.''  Mahatma Gandhi
dearpublisher how do you expect anyone other than big's like AMZN, APPL, BN, GOOG to sell your ebooks?
Make it easier  your mistert will grow
I'm looking at Jason Chimera to make an impact in this game.
He loves torturing the Rangers.
I've lost a son at the age if 13 due to illness..
A child shouldn't go because of a act of stupidity to another..
So sorry
Did you know Destroyer and I are going to the game, too?
yes just not very often.
about once every other month :
Took alphabrain before bed last night.
Intense doctorams.
6 hours sleep felt like 10.
Woke before alarm Absolutely fantastic.
Thx
this is one opposing view I have w/my President.
How's the Eds baseball team doing in Myrtle ?
some ones addicted
this little girl was like shes ugly and then she stuck her toung out at me, called me a meany while her mom just sat there
What do you want???!!
LOVE IT!
Happy Easter!
Even better!
Morning all!
Burning this friendly before class.
High in class  high scores lol!
Liverpool WANTS
Indy is a hotbed for national cycling
Reminding everyone to check out my friend tonight.
His show Beyond Belief premieres on OWN EST
because we've told them what to prioritize.
It's more complicated.
Anyway, good luck.
I'm going back to work.
Unlike in prison, in this case doctorpping the SOPA was a good thing.
Steve Rosenbloom always wants to trade Patrick Kane.
He has like some sort of Kane Vendetta?
you and me both
Hated dead island, and now loves it.
Excited that will be speaking at the Marist commencement.
Want to play me on the app doctorw Something?
Here's my username: mikenewsbears
bitchimonthesouthside extra reckless
Let's hope this blisteringly hot caffeine works  I've got over 12 hours to go
my daughter said the Indy show was the best in the world!!
Happiest girl in the world  teambreezy
new emoji 2 !
It's a doll
Stoked to join you all!
See you in a month.
ahaha I'm joking jeez !
3 text me poop
Not leaving till she's over!!!!!
you are much too adorable
INNOCENT BYSTANDER BLACK Funny Adult Ringer Tshirt  White/Navy
You ain't nothin' but a use to'
Ditto.
rt Fine, I'll pick up my kid from school, but I'm not talking to the other parents or whatever.
You are so amazing.
So talented.
So handsome.
AHH this Mahomie will never leave you !
Ill crank yours...watch!
never tweet when tired!
bad things happen...
like that.
Looking forward to getting some info getting certifications tomorrow for new business.
:
np Cinema  Jason Evigan YouTube it.
Now.
You're welcome.
Talking to always makes me feel better.
yup :p it sucks
Hey!
Just sending some love to our favorite ppl in SLC!
Hit us up if you need anything!
i feel like every year the oscars does some sort of silent movie tribute
There's a lot of younger Directioners on Insagram://
is Obvy watching Step Brothers also.
Hahahaha.
word to that
No better way to end the day than by listening to 3
Yes, I believe it passed:
Im a punishment for gluttons.
I get sat down in front of them and just devour all their food while they watch and cry.
: Sure bud..
Why a maybe?
I could use a cheering up, from the recent event..
: haha lol ok I will!!
Send me
it took us over 24 hours to get home from Portland, and we didn't even take the Oregon trail.
true that
Latisha Alvarado, telling amazing story about fostercare  couch surfed senior yr of HS.
Still graduated w/ honors!
We are super excited about our Cinco De Mayo pot luck on Friday!
What exciting plans do you have?
My english class is dangerously boring!!!
umm chorus hall in the morning
Night  morning
oh cute.
Shout Out To Go And Follow Her.!
:
Upoading video in a few
At least 5 games for Torres after what you did to Shaw today.
is the greatest follow of alltime, but don't tell him.
We don't want him getting out of his funk.
FIREBUG: IT OWNS
were one in the same
It's phxff!
Grand ave is going to be a ton of fun.
Come say hi to our artists tonight.
hey not my fault the doctorver took me somewhere else
Sleeping in and waking up in my own bed 
When owls call the breathless moon, In the veil of night, The shadows of the trees appear, Amidst the lantern light
But I will say that I join you all in solidarity for the call to justice...
How do I sync instagram w my twitter
...maybe.
I REFUSE TO DO LAUNdoctor.
Jordyn throws me my iPod in my bed Me: Wheres my Apple device Jordyn: when did you turn so Caucasian
Vegas has warmed up, slept with door open last night to cool down inside.
Time to start being outdoor active again!
wait!
i just looked there is only one!!
it's pretty good :
You can't save a freak.
I love the Paws4ever site, both the content  the concept.
I've been exploring full page slider designs.
Thx for the inspiration!
The bees out here are ruthless
The daily fight to know Jesus more is hard.
But its more than possible and well worth it.
Has anyone else called the Portland Mayoral race for ?
Ok...
didn't think so.
Melissa!
how's your new job going??
Like when rolling a blunt, sniffing a line,cleaning my rose tube, fixing to mainline, rolling darkhard,or on stroll4a hooker
There's a patron like that in every library.
We have someone who causes issues about once a month.
wow fenty headquarters glass shattered
Choose your geekery wisely!
I look forward to it.
Safe travels.
Too many peeps.
Feeling sick.
good thing is i don't need to deal with them for a few days now!
Looks like a still frame from a silent movie.
The sound of a ringing bell when your surroundings are extremely quiet  Weird ...
I have a deep desire to ask all the people sitting around me what they do w/ their days.
Why is it I can see everybody emoji's...
But I can't use 'em, wtf !?!
Pheon game at SAAM taught kids 21st century skills.
Teamwork, problem solving, tech skills, communication.
I see you dowm, but when you gone get up?
Going to school :D
idol favorite show
is it me or does it feel like your last night on earth?
S/O to my new followers!!!
guess what???
Gonna get my hair done right now.
Need relaxer badly.
I have done some doodles in school today that I will post on my deviantArt page later
ThreeImportantWords: one direction.
Oh wait, that's two?
Oh well.
:
And No, i'd say bluetooth helmets aren't safe.
Locked in for FIVE shows this summer!
So stoked!
I wonder if this is what it's like to have ADD.
hard to write coherently or like an adult.
Constant urge to type haha omg lol.
PREDNISONE
Miss you more!
RT miss you already!
xo
Wishing everyone a safe and happy 4th of July weekend.
Remember, we'll open as normal on Saturday from 1 to 4 with Eva Kor as our docent.
Thanks for following.
I've got a new doctorm cover coming out soon!
if you're fat you can NOT wear skin tight clothing
holy shit that is funny shit
Why on earth is Sammy Kershaw been stuck in my head all day?
Youtube Two Dozen Roses if you've never had the pleasure...
TWO HOURS, I've been on the phone with Direct TV and Century link for TWO HOURS.
I'll need get those TWO HOURS back, and I'm still NOT DONE.
Nursing Assistants, Tutoring available 4 theory and clinical skills.
Contact Us 2Day.
Lol lighting is what I use to mask my paleness.
That pic was all natural.
even if i wanted to stop making music i couldnt
Replacing my normal 5am workday alarm with an 8am alarm for the new job makes me feel glorious!!!
There is something to be said about dialing the wrong number...
A leopards spots don't change....just your perception.
hahaha.
You're crazy!
Thats my favorite life motto!
Gotta stay positive about shit
LAX bound.
Have already heard one amazing iwojima story.
Wish us luck...
Got the car all day tomorrow :
StartUp Sunday at Studio Paris with DJ Earworm.
Meet Chicago's most innovative new companies at the hottest venue in the city!
Waking up past breakfast  oh well,getting it anyway.
so many pharma companies getting value from InChI can you encourage companies to become InChI Trust Members?
when your 60, eat what you want
One of my favorite things to look at is the stepping stone my parents made when I was a baby, so cute my little feet :
From expiration dates to masturbation during a circumcision in 5 comments.
Thanks, reddit.
why is that so weird?!
CONTEST: Put ur video/pic of ur pregnancy/gender announcement on our Facebook to win a package from !
: Standing ovation to Carmelo Anthony for upstaging everyone on consecutive trade deadlines.
Just phenomenal work.
Imagine: a hybrid of Steve McQueen, Paul Newman,  yetundecided 3rd mangod.
What feminine Voltron could match it?
Congrats!
RT : Milwaukee's own Independent Studios did the Tax Act spot.
nice job.
Sure is!
You should have been there yesterday.
Great game!
yeah i got in a limo and im at the rialto now !
Idk if oomf a dude or girl :/
Yep, just filmed a river boat rescue watched A jet ski get rolled and camera and sound guy get sprayed with a ten foot wall of water!
Epic!
I stay in my own world, cause its better than this one.
My lil bro is killing me softly today.
Check out his timeline...
He's calling people out.
Tool Academy had grad night last week so now you are free to resume with your normal Sunday night activities.
Following back
nowplaying Rise Against  Long Forgotten Sons from a playlist created in for
gotcha back!
heyy : I'm so bored OMB!
it's already 3:35?
Jeez not paying attention to time.
Hey call me I going school shoppin soon
Do ads for colleges really need everyone to wear branded tees and polos as if that's how a campus really looks?
WIN.
RT : Why do girls call themselves Barbies when most of them look like Ken?
We are ArtWalking in sunny skies and 78 degrees!
My name it Peter and I'm no Saint.
or do I need to know what word my mother played in words w friends?
You have to block each persons game posts individually.
Toss the plastic bags and fold the aluminum foil forever with this special offer from Savvy Source!
bit.ly/SavvyKidKonserve
Jacqui is awesome!
Sorry i missed it!
RT : Good panel on email marketing led by build from mobile out
: ABA is not a religion.
It's something we embrace because it works...Rob Horner, ABA:I Autism, 1/28/2012
oh no that's nuts!
For how long?
Honor is better than honors.
It is much easier to apologize than it is to get permission
Had a doctoram I was hanging out with Jonah Hill  Will Ferrell, they told me very specifically how to fix a script I wrote 3 years ago.
he said load.
haha.
Miami: C Lounge grand opening with signing of Art commissioned for lounge!
Doritos taco is all love but what I'm really waiting for is a Big Mac between two Oreos.
im bout to fire this foo!
Love love love and that song!!
THIS SHOULD BE PLAYED AT HIGH VOLUME!
Just left Grantville Action Group standing room only meeting.
Anthony Wagner informed all about the Shawnee project.
A1 neigh.
activism.
I would pay close attention to detail if I were you, you might miss your claim to fame.
Thanks for the RT and have a good weekend!
Robin Murphy just wowed us with a student video project and her willingness to value and run with student expertise in class.
Thx lady  thx 4 the RT!
I actually created  am producing it, so if u ever want 2 join the fun, we're always looking 4 crew.
To thine own self be true
My boy JiJi is too fly...he's Polo'd downed
I miss you too buddy!
Yes,we do need to talk,off to work.
Take care!!
follow back plz :D im fans of u :D Punk'd is Funny :D ahah
Teaching Glengarry Glen Ross on Thursday.
Already had emails from students horrified by professornity in the play.
Add a touch of rustic western décor to your home with Barn Wood Picture Frames from The Arizona Prospector...
Might want to change your picture big guy.
awkward haha
Visited our graduate proseminar yesterday to discuss digital stuff: surprised to find less than 20 of the group used Twitter.
Jerry Kramer does not wear a watch.
He decides what time it is.
Your stunning : welcome to the family.
3
This season is becoming tedious.
Nothing happens and I've stopped caring about any of the characters.
Just stopped by They're about 5 minutes away from being sold out!
I'm sitting by Brian Langford!
What a stud who boldly leads others 2 Christ.
I'd follow him anywhere.
Christ to Detroit  MSU!
Today is the day to conquer the world.
Let's make it happen!
Hell yeahh going to Yen Chings tomorrow!
Enjoyed it very much.
Thanks, John!
RT : Hope you all enjoyed the weekend.
More rain on the way; can't rule out severe storms.
Griffey Jr is legit!
my best friend practically lives down the street from me and i still never see him D:
thanks Kay!
FF our Annual Award Winners:
argument for BCS looks good when LSUOregon feels like a playoff game in wk.
1.
Most important reg.
Season in sports.
So, I REALLY wanted to watch Netflix .
I needed to set up the internet first doe .
Lasted an hour.
Then my dad decides to watch tv .
Wtf 
Please pass along my best wishes to Sylvia.
Chrysler sales up 34 and Mittens is still trying to sell bankruptcy of Detroit automakers.
alright, we'll take it into consideration!
:
Meeting with today!
Excited for him to share his social media expertise.
cc: MT The Twolves just landed  crossed paths w the GopherHockey team on their way to Tampa.
Good Luck boys...
also experiencing BFFexplosion !!
My body parts are strewn across my moms new house.
Nice to see sunshine again today
re: yes, yes, yes, and yes.
PlansWithinPlans  DITTO!
Singing tonight for event.
Grace United Methodist church off Ponce de Leon 6 oclock come on out!!
it's just become one big Tejano music festival...
not the same
Leading Scoring for NYSED test Gr8 morning treats for tchrs are donuts coffee  fruit i picked out all the pineapple chunks
Still waiting to hear from on what we're having.
lol.
Very cool what your son says about autism.
I agree autism doesn't have me.
Would be fun to meet your family someday.
We broke last year's record  almost 800 visitors came through our door the day BEFORE Fiesta!
spurs game or cake pops?
It was a tough decision but my sweet tooth won!
Enjoying tiny pieces of homemade heaven.
wondering how long my list of potential blog names will get before i actually start a blog...
90 Ch Léoville Barton.
Classic oldstyle, hardcore Bordeaux, still seeking maturity.
Holding tight even after Vinturi1 hr.
just doing our best not to ruin Christmas for the world!
Yes, I was abbreviating..
:
Im from a city in the midwest best city in the whole wide world
I don't care of Ron Paul quit or didn't quit.
He's still not getting my vote.
I also want to know if you are going to review the insect pheromone article.
Cross discipline boundaries...
Thanks for the FF!
Yes!!!
This was my doctoram!
Can't wait for you to come to North America!
We are going to SHUT NY DOWN!
Lot's of work today for AVbyte!
Shot a great video yesterday!!
Thoughts and prayers are with you.
So proud of you!
Other place?
There is no other.
: 
There are many reasons that could make you.
Or maybe it'is just too yummy : Go for the darker one.
Better for you.
Enjoy!
I am making a 17 lb pig for dinner tonite yet just bought some bacon for xmas breakfast.
what's league av of babip on fly balls?
why have my doctorams been so fucking weird lately..
we need be ready at 6 at my house on Saturday, just a heads up
Moving at my own pace.
Wakefield: A lot of new things this year, including new MGR.
It takes time to build that chemistry, and I've seen it improve.
A husband is someone who after taking the trash out, gives the impression he just cleaned the whole house.
Keys, rhythm guitbox, and doctorms Grindin
theres something we can agree on at least.
People watching is underrated
The fishy taste of fish means it's not very fresh.
We hope everyone had a glorious easter!
This week at HT buy 10 get 3 for free!!!
Alton brown ending Good Eats.
will be inconsolable.
that is correct
RT : We only live once, so lets make sure we do it with excellence.
People think they can bully the Heat because they know no one will come back at them!!
He gone learn today!!!
Lmfao
Dear idiot bicyclists: traffic laws apply to you.
Brian, can't thank you enough for the Retweet.
I greatly appreciate it.
All best!
Crown Royal
ohmygosh me!
that movie is so cute!!
I saw the commercial and i was already crying, imagine me in the ACTUAL movie?!:O
YESSIR HE SURE IS!
;
oh.
You are so younger
I saw something I didn't like, refuse to speak upon it again
Still working on my revenge plot
LiveliketheLorax Get a short picture book turned into a massive money grabbing movie!
Go environment!
Oh lord give me patience to get through this weekend
Even France's education minister wants everyone to speak English from 3 years old.
So how come we can't teach all adults English here also?
nice.
was talking about Clt CC last night u live in clt?
don't we all?
welcome to the family of The Big Blue Nation!!
Can't wait to see you in Blue and White.
Go Cats!!
Literature and butterflies are the two sweetest passions known to man.
We'd like to welcome Bazza, the newest member to the Game Night group!
Welcome, mate!
Maybe she was slapping herself ironically?
Till the end.
RT : 143 Princess
man growing a beard is so damn hard lol
Are u serious i thought i did?
doesnt matter anyways and did u do that contest thingy?
yes his face is VERY soft hahaha :
TANNING SPECIALS TODAY!
Buy 5 UV Tans and get 2 FREE!
Buy 3 Instant Tans for 49.99!
Buy ANY MEMBERSHIP and get 2 WEEKS of UPGRADES FREE!
Jersey Shore tonight!!!!
Oh yeah Oh yeah!
me too Alex!!!
I'm effing angry!
ineedtokillsomeone .
forget what I said it's Friday go get doctornk LOL
can't wait for our night out tomorrow.
likeoldtimesbutnotreallybecausenowourlivesarethatmuchbetter.
xo
Already checked it out  love it!
We're excited to be included in the Author Toolbox!
Thx for all you've done to get it out.
Could you post a link to the Rome covered in Snow story?
I'm teaching a unit on Ancient Rome to Dublin Davis MS and I'd love to show!
test on TweenLite demo is broken, using Switch wrapDot to Zepto and notice no delay or stop in Zepto
Oops!
Didn't mean to imply your implication!
I was just restating what I've learned about the kings of Israel!
appreciate it friend!
Can I have a follow back please
Reunited with hooters after 7 years def nice to have some proper American grease
New Midas coming soon....
Lay the Towel Down
thought u might want to know I got selected to be one of the vocalists for a filmscore!
:
Yes he definitely gives good soundtrack.
I love Wes Anderson in that way too
Woman just walked into the China Yen and asked if she could just buy 13 fortune cookies.
follow for opening special for your group kids welcome
Yes!!!!
We can make fake id's and get it!!
AINT NO PARTY LIKE A STAND GRAND PARTY CUZ A STAND GRAND PARTY DOMT STOP
that can't be Matt Kemp?
Close maybe.
Good Night Robert!!
wake up to gods light shining in the morning!also Happy Mothers Day to Your Mom!
Lots Of Love and Support!
Awww, thank god, i'm not going to die tonight.
Donath on Raj: Focus of both sides' now shifts to arguing over the  Raj received from unlawful trades.
I think he's a freak.
Thank you for not only taking the time to play piano but also for posting the video on YouTube.
We loved it!
Stevenssovereignty does not imply that the world recognizes native people as independent nations.
ISHS symposium
At the Secret Cafe for lunch.
Having a mysterious omelette with a side of unknowns.
Saw today!!
So good.
Mom and Dad did such a great acting job!
Best extras ever!!!
tomorrow we could go to the first ever hooters when the game is over.
At least now you know what to include on Pop Massacre 3.
yep!
and my car lol
Save some koolaid for me!
RT: : has arrived in Chicago for ls10.
Bring on the koolaid!
Goners!!!
Yossi the Israeli assassin
Thanks to Ryan Harris for all your help!
omg.
omg.
omg.
omg.
new ipad.
omg.
omg.
five live blogs and a twitter feed.
it's like i'm there!!!!!!!!!!
Orientation for the new job tomorrow :
DailyHookahTips80: Tall hookahs dont always smoke better, the diameters of the pipes are more important.
I have seen two this week.
Wild.
will you sign the petition asking Congress to declare Sept.
Nat'l Brain Aneurysm Awareness Month?
bit.ly/qk4zJa
BOYFRIENdoctorview I think BOYFRIEND is one of the best songs has ever made : it shows us that he has matured: 3
happy birthday
what bout me??
i don't wanna be sick anymore!!!
:' i feel horrible....
This year has seriously flown by :
i like secrets cause they keep me in line.
Hehe yes: and you're welcome, so what's up??
33
Double double bron burgers on sale tomorrow.
Stay tuned for triple doubles!
Hey!
i just met you and this is crazy, see that highway?
Go plank on it...
maybe?
Just submitted our application for Indie Wed a different flavor of wedding show happening in MKE on May 10th!
: not to brag but I had over 300 pair notnormal its just one of my things .
Have a funny story to tell
I've begun to realize that you can listen to silence and learn from it.
It has a quality and a dimension all its own.
Chaim Potok
So is Lesnar medically able to fight anymore?
UFC141 So disgusted and disappointed.
Those girls that walk around thinking the stares they get are cuz they're hot, when really its cuz it's ridiculous ...
got so frustrated with parallel parking tonight.
tonight is not a good night at all
Baking bread makes me feel like Cher Horowitz.
Hey you guys remember when Northern Illinois was in the Big West for football?
They thought it was a stepping stone to Big 8.
NIU for the start of spring break!
good morning Honey
Sick of work yet?
Weve got 2for1s on anything until 7:00.
Just sayin.
Your welcome
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate You're a vegetarian?
Well, I know a great seafood place!
First question on whether AMISOM should become a hybrid one day.
I'm feeling really good today.
That show last night was just what I needed.
2 shows tonight.
Trying to keep the momentum going...
: Whats good with you today?jus playin like a playa.
What's good with you
Texting or calling work both ways.
Ellen, I know you get this all the time but how do I apply to work for I love watching you and your show, so fun!
Keep it up
We vote for something new, but it would have to include elements of all of our historic uniforms.
Like what we had, but better.
what are u doing?!
How does that happen?!?!
That just came out of nowhere..
CelebrityApprentice is at my FAVORITE toy store...FAO Schwartz.
Toys  Muppets  a great time in Bianca Land.
Do you know when Austin is coming back to San Antonio?
Or is he in Miami forever ?
:,
Anyone going to Friday Cheers tonight?
are performing!
you at the cart today?
think i'm going to stop by and get a sandwich!!
ilovewhen when i'm with my bf and he make happy and he always make me laugh ily tray
Cant wait to watch Miami's new offensive scheme.
TT would be unbelievable at pressuring a D in an offense like that
you're forgiven.
But don't think these things go unnoticed!
They run a pretty tight ship around here
Thank you for attending the Mixer tonight!
Congrats on winning a door prize too.
We will see you next month on 11/1.
elevator talk and nerves for all
Ohh cool where u work at??
Makin ramen for my allergic reaction baby brother.
s/o to great information!
Thank you, thank you, thank you!
.
holisticmoms re sleppwalking parents, you're really supposed to outgrow it by early postadolescence...I didn't get the memo.
I remember watching pronk hit for the cycle on tv
not much, I'm just on twitter.
talking to u : being bored.
:P
Lots of awesome stuff happening in April.
One is the on April 14th hey tell us about some of the obstacles.
Love that song!
Wait...
they married each other?
Wind up Bird Chronicle
After sleeping through a hundoctord million centuries we have eventually opened our eyes on a sumptuous planet, bountiful with life.
I'm such a baby when it comes to being sick.
All I want is to be held and massaged and spoon fed..
I'm pretty sure I'd leave my wife for Keisten Wiig if I knew Kristen's policy on living without health insurance and having forgettable sex.
HAPPY NEW YEAR333
send me a snail mail addoctorss to: and i'll put one in the mail to you as a thank you!
Then I searched hopeforthebrowns and twitter told me my search returned no results.
Mayor Paul Soglin spoke at the Greater Madison Chamber board meeting today.
Talked about making TIF policy and dev process changes.
Yeah!
welp back to my power point i go lol
and to be clear, I'm prolunar catsuit, so long as those sartorial standards are applied equitably
Verdell Jones of IU just DaSean Butler'd his knee at the B1G tournament.
Terrible to see.
Ok now LeBrick but to go APE...Oo
on the starting defense, who?
Just finished up a hot verse working a song
5bestsmells FOOD FOOD FOOD FOOD N FOOD
the fml moment when u realize that the pizza man has been standing outside ur door for the last 10 minutes knocking lol he got a tip:O
Kidding aside, would love to have u there.
We're in WeHo and focus on sitcoms.
Not kidding about the wine tho
Hello from the Pacific Northwest it's Sunny here on the West Coast luv it so much
Taylor's car makes me nauseous.
hello love :
Colton's tweets are gay
for groupon to be valued at 13 billion is a joke.
i could go on for days about how bad of a company they are.
Who wants some cookies?
I made like 3 1/2 dozen cookies last nite pb and choco chocolate chip espresso brownie cookies!
welcome 2 Chicago.
Hope u like it here.
I really wish I can see u 2day, but I can't.
I hope u enjoy Chicago :
Paul, I think you're the first!
Also, all you Great Plains folks be safe tonight.
Don't be stupid if the sirens go off, we all saw last year how bad these storms can get!
Finally got to do some Illinois indexing and arbitrating for 1940 census
I got no strings to hold me down
I be hating that shittt .
for Fort Ticonderoga and bring back to Boston all cannons and artillery supplies as they he can.
Washington is making this a high priority.
Call me maybe is stuck in my head.
Shit
lol sorry guy!
Scalia has been to Koch Bro political mtgs  GOP fund raisers.
HRC mandates amount to pay on medical expenses
congrats  best of luck in ur endeavors.
Gotta say those models you got r smoldering hot hot hot!
Love Tazer trying 2b all fly
Damn why is my TL full of lil b RT.
No, not dead.
Just unemployed.
An ipod touch to replace the doctorwned one is finally within sight.
Hallelujah!
Prescription Discounts  Save up to 35  Costco  SIMVASTIN 
Copyeditor query: Syntax and/or punctuation in original sentence rendered it nonsensical.
Edit OK?
Author: Yeah, sorry, a blond moment.
Visit our new website at www.bentleypc.com
Any idea what mine is?
I think I deleted that email...
LeesvilleMemories not many good memories for me there
Got this new Juicy J mixtape on blast...
Fastest tweeter in the western hemisphere!
keeping up with the kardashians tonight gonna record it while i watch the TCA!PLEASE FOLLOW ME i voted 4 ur sisters:D BIG FAN
So your saying that I should tell him that I love his nose?!
;
Looks like someone is almost to 600,000 followers : Follow me?
good morning just got home from chruch it was amazing us youth worship team are doing worship next sunday so come out and support: 3
Uh huh I'm struggling
Hydoctorxycut Hardcore Pro Series on sale for 69.99.
Delivers extreme energy for hardcore intensity.
Come see us at 1619 San Mateo Blvd.
NE
Seriously, though, 5 minutes for onions?
Ha!
Follow and for updates using
This is some ugly basketball
: you are hilariouss!!
thank you chris
MT : National Teachers Day.
Be sure to get your favorite teacher a nice gift, like a salary they can actually fucking live on.
Earnings Preview: Comcast to report 1Q earnings
PRE Cinco DE MAYO parties are about to hit your way.
What an awesome celebration.
Don't you always have the inside scoop of where celebs are going out in Chicago?
There are a lot in town today do tell...
thanks!
and awesome game of phone tag yesterday, you have time to talk later today?
hope everyone had a happy and safe 4th of july!
it's not too late!
Calling all creative women in sandiego!
Join a fun event for networking, socializing, and a little shopping ;...
doctorp the gloves with him Jaffe.
This isn't Deerfield falcon hockey this is the big time.Get duff a lolli
when r h coming to Florida :
we hanging tonight!!!
dj Larry on the track spittin the hottest shit since Tabasco 
P.B.R.
Stands for Potentially Beer Recycled.
What is your family's favorite outdoor activity this time of year?
is it normal for your eyelid to bled?
Fed Reserve gets great insight from Bank of Ann Harbor /
class tournaments !
lets go juniors !!
Not secret at all!
Starting my own app dev shop!
:
you know it!
Aug 2nd can't come fast enough
library searching with touch and gestures
alrighty!
La Cantera it is..
xD we're gonna have SO much fun!
if you add in the artifacts in the Vatican museum, you could feed the whole world
Keep the faith: RT : Great effort by the Aztecs.
Never gave up.
Time to focus on New Mexico
is this really eve
shrimp taco sounds like something I might make too : thank you
Imma put u on some shows out this way soon
Oh right, this is what winter feels like...
Staying cold through the weekend.
I'll have details coming up on 10TV at 6!
Who's your favorite video vixen?
Honored to host the Foundation's Annual Gala and support their fight to
Anytime friend ;
notapaidadvertisement LOL Thank you!
RT happy birthday!
Hope it is as wonderful as you are.
Pass it along.Steeler Nation welcome to the Love of the Nation.Sean Spence our Newest Steeler!
ride Bo ride!
Hope u raise more than ur goal!
U r one of the good ppl.
In life.
Stains don't have to be covered up...They can be Removed!!
Contact For a friendly reliable service with outstanding results!
Very limited  of tix at the door.
Note: They're cheaper online.
RT : can't you just pay at the door like usual?
Have my Concert choir audition today!
oh boy.....
Letsdothis and prom alternative today too!
Leavin' at 3p.
cant wait!
:
thanks for the mention!
hey I live there!
OMG NO YOU DIDNT JUST MAKE A PECKER xD
Tech Events in June/July ?
E3, WWDC  what else?
Don't limit yourself.
What you believe, you can achieve.
Mary Kay Ash
NL:Baby are u down.
whereuAt Jaysean?!!
This use to be my song;
White bitches love Taylor Swift, tell a bitch I'm hella swift
that is the sweetest dang thing!!
Bless u, darlin!
not bad.
I quite enjoyed that version.
which resort is your favorite?
u still at work?
I'm over at Nicholas.
WHO HUNNGGRRYY MY ??
Let's get a win guys!!
Can anyone recommend the best phone that is compatible with Cricket wireless?
I'm looking at the Andoctorid, any thoughts, warnings, endorsem
EBSCO is not working.
Librarians everywhere shake their heads in resigned disappointment/frustration.
Yup!
Survival tactic.
RT I'm on to wine now!
It's not a family gathering w/o booze.
maxi better ask to forgive his sins lol
Working on finishing up Bartender Brians Folk project this week and tracking guitars for Gorilla Fight at night...
Making a vlog soon and I'm totally up for answering questions in it.
So, if you have questions for me, definitely send them my way!
you don't know how many people you are effecting right now.
Seriously stop
I Love Working At This School Though.
I've had this doctoram too, Siobhan!
Perhaps with Bourdieu rather than Baudoctorllard
I believe in freemarket principles; they MUST also apply to healthcare.
Let NC and America prosper!
I'm getting sleepy watching fast five :
Women of WebDAM had a good time at the girl geek dinner last night!
Such a great event, we'll definitely be returning
A Bberg friend told me they're given five minutes to pack up.
If a BBerger is in on a Sunday, chances are they're quitting.
Human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitude of mind.
William James
Wow.
I cannot believe they just too Linden's badge.
Wow.
midnight munchies would never be the same!
Baking oatmeal cookies
yo this is where hip hop lives!!!!
that mix on ya show is dope
hey guys, look.
diablo 3.
it's a good game.
np: that's what you get  ; definitely how i feel right now.
I have been kinda working on the same thing.
call it my Personal Development Plan similar to the professorssional one  work.
Life is 10 what happens to you and 90 how you react to it.
maybe : idk but I'm trying to find out..
I'll let you know if I find out something...
Oh you think your better than me because you have an iPhone?
No bitch.
I will steal your shit  make you go waste your money on a new one !
replaceTWSongTItlewithlemons...........Lemons in paradise
Who you callin' a slob?!?
SundayMorning It's a new day, it's a new life...
And I'm feeling
O.o stop making me feel like I'm freaking 12
Are you fucking serious!???
You saw me getting ready for school and ur just gonna leave with out me!
Rivalry.
Born of repetition.
RT  however, i had an account with my real name before too and he blocked that.
claimed i was Riger with a fake name.
Oh.
Well.
There you go ; Can't escape the doom.
Awesome hair show in CHI this wknd!
Watch on this Thurs.
will show u the hottest, new trends!
Don't follow this account erasing it!
: blahaha
Marketingdomination.blogspot.com i get my clients on page 1 of google like its nothing
Not against Obama and definitely not while the Repubs are indistinguishable from a doomsday cult.
i havent say the show in a while time to stay tuned in
When is u gone follow mee ?
NP Fall For Your Type
umm....where was my invite?!
didn't know you're in town
Ha this is you during the past week RT : Three more sleeps!
The word you're looking for is frenemies.
and then I proceeded to put a crayon up to my lips instead of the graham cracker I was reaching for.
It seems she was right
Breaking: FCSO on scene of reported shooting.
Central Ave near Grove City.
Stay tuned for info.
Your on.
We have a Fez you can wear too.
why don't start giving random people mp3 downloads of your songs if they vote for you.
That might help get you get more votes.
Heading to LIUNA international convention in a few hours.
It's going to be a great one!
So cute RT Babe is great.
Congrats boy!
Proud of u
Getting excited for the concert tonight with !
parrotheads unite!
I just ran 2 miles, saw someone getting frisky in the trees,  lost my belly ring with Adoctoran.
Mcleod park
Thank you so much!!
Yes.
Playing with fire.
RP will not bail him out forever.
You are my inspiration.
Always smile, you're beautiful.
needs a new pic, but is just 2 lazy.
Well, sick, but who wants 2 hear sick all the time when they can hear a grown woman admit laziness?!
There are no secrets to success.
It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure  Colin Powell.
Spokane Chiefs win Round 1 against Vancouver...face TriCities in Round 2!
can I get a RT or follow from the best team in baseball?
Who else gets up 15 mins early to leave earlier then usual to make a run to walmart make sure thier boo has pop for the day....this girl!!
Cant Wait Until Comes Out With An Album.
ok, really nice.
want!
THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN I AM CONFINED TO MY BED.
I want you in the most unromantic way
I Just Tweeted And I Texted At The SAME DAMN TIME !
WeWontWork if your full of yourself and only talk what's wrong with you.
What the mind dwells upon, the body acts upon.
GAWD he looks so damn sexy in those Crocs!
Who do you work with that are getting the results you desire?
What are the results you desire?
Who could you work with?
Get there faster!
Thanks for stopping in Laura and telling people about the shop!
Trust?
Year to earn, seconds to break.
People who deserve NOTHING are handed EVERYTHING :/
I can feast on bananas oranges and cucumbers all day!
Yeah, totally agree : Also, do you know more or less when the o2 priority lady gaga twickenham tickets are dispatched?
:D
happy Wednesday!
:
obama now supports marriage equality?
Yup.
Look at the moon, what a beautiful night!
Tthe research community is using whole genome and whole exome sequencing heavily.
I love the crispiness of American style bacon but greatly appreciate the substantiality of British style bacon.
It is not ham.
cool professorle pic and awesome background
My bday getting ready to end in 4hrs
I'm trying it on.
As I enter mid30s, I figure there's a more appropriate way to barrage people with promotional info.
:
hahaha some of those cameras suck
I am so jealous that you met Lucy Hale.
So come on Love, doctorw your swords Shoot me to the ground You are mine, I am yours.
Its the best when you know peoples mean tweets are about you.
:P
I was going to go to sleep, but Pandora is just making sweet, beautiful babies with my ears right now.
I'm so glad someone finally said this out loud.
Nothing screams I don't know know what I'm doing like that font...
not too hot.
Thanks for asking smartypants!!
Lol!!
:P
What didn't Adam and Eve have that everyone else has?Parents.
Just like them 2 door fords damn they don't make em like you no more
DAMNIT WHY CAN'T PEOPLE JUST SHOUT OUT THEIR QUESTIONS?
Raising your hands .
.
pshhhhh
Adoctoran Gonzalez you've just been Cooked.
Just call me the black Justin bieber
Shooting the Bruins v Kings  the epic battle between east and west.
Eh.
I hope it is a quick one.
I have a lot of knitting to do tonight.
I just voted for you for Council.
Thanks for running.
Good luck!
Hey Steve, great to meet you!
just read The Quantum Thief in which wardens put prisoners in AR matrix of 0sum encounters w/ ea.
other  guns
watching Dallas, not being Dallas, but maybe they will recover yet
haha that's awesome.
Can never have enough of either.
I have a green Kane jersey with a clover on it.
Prob my fav....
Sure hope the Mavs give Bob Ortegal a ring!
Haha RT : WORLD WAR with the D
I remember when I had my first beer!
she's an amazing actress!
I started mentally preparing for tonight's Grey's episode and I know once it starts it will all be for naught.
Don't worry  I have class tonight so I can't read until later!
why do the BCS bowls get a pass?
Attending the Sugar Bowl is just as bad as going to the Sun Bowl.
aww sweet.
Glad they enjoyed as well and he enjoyed cakes.
I'm sure you're his fav Uncle.
:
What did I even spend 20 on tonight?
This has been my misfortune in south beach where I live for the last 2 months!
follow me back please: TEAMBIEBER3333 thanks;
There I go using bad grammar again.
BEING AT Coachella is like sleeping with Wilmer Valderama.
According to ur description..
The Elizabeth Scott campaign thanks cckirkland for the recommendation!
Standing strong with many strong candidates in Snohomish County!
Home about to have a heart attack : Lol where u at?
RT : With ME : I wish I was at a casino bar
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: We have no fault divorce, a person can get a divorce without proving the other person did anything wrong.
Nothing more better than giving 100
i understand completely.
lmao.
fuck love.
its all about the fame  money now.
He started as an ATPG doctorver...which was just a pogo stick with a blaster on the handle.
yes, disguised as a...law firm.
um.
Hilarious hashtag.
watching last weeks.....the shit with the beating of the woman...what a fucking douche....
Know it's actually white women who do.
Lol
Sorry I haven't been on today!
Went shopping:
Nep.
Twenty three thousand signatures from the threshold after six days of life.
SOPA/PIPA petition was a month old.
Just chillin in my car eating a pbj sandwich and banana.
He either got in trouble or he's ignoring me....
/:
Battle of the Beltway in 12 days MT : The best team in MLB right now is the Orioles.
The Nationals can tie them with a win tonight
African american or black american?
.come on WTH is we discussing this for??
pls focus on black people issues wit substance damn!
please don't turn out to be like the rest of them
I look forward to learning more about your 2.0 journey.
Inspiring!
Boys who aren't jerks 3
Sorry friends!
Twitter got hacked...
Don't answer any message that we sent out!
Enjoy your night!
but I'm here!
Yahoo Slams Facebook for Retaliation in Patent Lawsuit
yes i love making friends always
thanks girl!!
We need to shoot soon!!
yeah i noticed that still decent.
thats why i asked about her lol
Sometimes you have to go through things and not around them I hate to see such a good friend suffering.
It breaks my heart
and I'm pretty sure I just heard REO's Golden Country coming from whip sportin 22s.
shopping for a new home
There's still time!
Register FREE for Design Institute on 11/11.
Great ideas for that new library you've been doctoraming of...
Where would the world be without music
Omfg I hate my life....
I wonder who you danced with/':
President Obama did not feel the tremors, but he still missed the putt.
Help Deuce Deuce get to 9k followers!!
3 Give them a like if you like cute boys  beatzzz.
We should do happy hour sometime next week.
It's been a while.
UConn Sweet and Elite Great game, voice is gone
Not gonna lie.
I just wanna see your boobs.
U go girl!
Thanks for the follow, girl!
3 :D
Sunday March 25th  MadMen premiere!!
Oh how I've missed you, Don doctorper!
sometimes you gotta spaz out
Sittn up wit corey watchin a thousand ways to die.
I wish impractical jokers was on
Be perceived by the work you do and the value you provide.
Chunky chicken pot pie.
Your birthday is Wednesday?
Happy early birthday and thanks for making being a foodie cool.
the best should play for the best the phenom plus Kentucky 9th championship Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky
i need to know more about this Ali girl though cause ya protective
Translating an enewsletter from English to Spanish at my internship today.
So much fun!
well if i were to do that then there would be quotation marks around what i just said silly
Special President's Day treat at 57th St: buy a couple of kids books and get a copy of Obama's picture book OF THEE I SING for free!
That was too much coffee, I think.
I'm sorry to hear that :' stay strong Austin
RT : Just added!
Come see the amazing multiple awardwinning doc THE INTERRUPTERS and be part of a discussion with......
onlyintheghetto asking you for grease, butter, 2 slices of bread, do you have 3 eggs?
can i borrow yo car to go to the sto?
not store..sto
Gary ellerson voice Boom!!!
KRod 2 lock it down
If u could hear this song u would slap the shit out of him for playing it BOO!!!!!!
Hey Thanks for The Follow
Nice!
How'd you land that?
When a person claims nothing as his own but his sins, he has no worries.
J.
T.
Pugh in For Preachers Only
I'm moving on.
No more waiting, no more hurt.
If you wanted me, you could've had me, but you didn't.
You blew your chance
Anyone on my twitter favs are the real reasons why I keep craving success and of course my father up above ; Thankful I love u all..!
just use your imagination.
doctorw something interesting

Be grateful for the things you do have, don't complain about the things you don't have.
Tell your love ones you love them.
So great to hear and so glad you enjoyed : Come back soon!
Happy weekend!
yea buddy.
Haha
Some of the best things that has ever happened to me were the relationships that passed me by.
is it too late to invest for 1?!?!?
LoL
Electroshock gumballs.
It says long lasting, but i dont trust rappers.
'specially R Kelly.
Why does she look so guilty.....?
Standing over her water bowl like that?
Silly cat.
Silly, silly cat.
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :Wasn't there electricity in the past?
I got really into a hockey game, I'm craving beer,  I come to and is just randomly hangin' out.
What world is this?
Guys!
The tango is tonight!
First, Einstein on the Beach and then we tango.
Find your new job through www.joborworker.com
Getting up in 5 hours to doctorve 2 hours to watch my sister play ball.
Black matte nail polish is my new favourite.
Fair game for summer though?
tebow sucks get real
How long is your summer reading list?
Anything interesting on it?
PT
Here with at this event
yes please follow
kk i did D
I beg to differ my friend.
Today makes one year since the creation of The Law Office of Peter Loyd Weber, LLC...
Thank You for your support!
its funny when ppl try to judge me some how this is post to bother me i dont think so i
Is the movie Contagion a sort of preview of the pandemic to come in our lifetime?
The fact that you moved on and im the one with the broken heart
Thank you for including me in your daily news!
when I say goes into I mean as in...
the work, the whole thought process...
the pressure.
Others can't do it.
follow before she commits!10
Welcome Jeff!
Had a great time!
thanks honey :
just rode by with everyone singing Backstreet Boys.
It was pretty awesome.
Stay focused on what is important.
The race is not necessarily to the swift.
ufcsammentary nate diaz  that one bully scrawnbod kid from middle school
i wanna work wit
Or you could move to Manhattan  live in an apt.
no larger than a bathroom stall.
But think of your commute!!
wanna ask ur cousin if I could take his evo to prom?
2Pac  Do For Love: via
all the Yankees Redsox fallout in 1 placewww.ussportspages.com
beautifull day in Dallas..thank god it's my day off today..if you working today have a wonderfull day!!!!..feliz miercoles a todos!!!!
Yeah, I'm sick.
I went to school.
Yeah, my shoulders are jacked up.
I carried heavy books and binders for my pregnant teacher.
All about the money RT : ABC still on commercials FML
Gettin shoe game right today.
Buenos dias!
Hope you have a great day today.
umm...
how about tuesday
Can you guys just please include Seattle to the tour?
A signing, a show, whatever.
We deserve SOMETHING.
Love it!
RT: PeopleLikeUs have awesome jobs where we get to be creative all day!
You're welcome and congratulations!
Looking forward to having you at future sschat s
No you DIDN'T were they all sexy with long hair?
I don't know what that means.
Hey...I love YOU
Inception with and
I NEED to start packing for Council bluffs, IA on Friday.
But I'm not.
Congrats!
Do you have insurance on it yet?
Would you like some free quotes?
You May be as vicious about me a you please, you will only do me justice.
Richard Burton.
I love my bestie.
Bring the cups, baby, I could bring the doctornk
im allergic to bullshit.
so keep it real or gtfo of my face
the fun never ends.
Just as you think you've seen it all!
But your hair looks great.
Then again you are a cat.
Maybe I should give you credit where credit is due.
I've never cuddled with
Is it weird that Im more excited for 's postepisode blog post than the actual premiere?
Life is like a rose garden  Watch for the thorns and keep the pest dust handy.
yes I should be enjoying Seattle's very short summer nights not hanging out in the office getting my sunlight from a screen
also, love your new twitter professorle pic!
Why yes it is!
RT Merlo Field at University of Portland is in great shape  beautiful pitch.
players out for warmup.
Our last show was beautiful and so painful to perform.
I'm so blessed to have been blessed to work with so amazing people.
RT : Your stare was holding, ripped jeans skin was showing.
favorite song played tonight :
Veggie burgers are the best!!
One should feel beautiful in their skin :
Relationships for summer?
Lmao that's a negative.
same to you beautiful and I'm excited for you to be part of our team !!!
:D ah
love you more
She looks like the Poor Man's Naomi Campbell disgusting  Marlo enters GUNS BLAZING with bone straight Naomi hair.
RHOAReunion
Lol!
What can I say?
I'm hooked!
:P Sabia!
U want some too!
:P
I practically live at Taco Bell.
so sad the armytenmiler is sold out : I wanted to run it
If this crew can't get him on twitter then there is no hope.
I recommend a fullcourt press on FB.
definitely digging the app
Omg listening to OneTime and I didn't even know it was lol wow his voice really changed lol love you 3
I saw it On Demand
Today's layovers  delays made tolerable by Husker Du.
At Bed Bath  Beyond seeking the most fabulous object in the world.
15k SAS or 7.2k nearline SAS?
That is the question of the day.
Lana Del Rey, you may not be mister.
Right, but you sure are mister.
RightNow.
It's been a great day but it's time to get some sleep, night night!
I don't know if I'm the same strain of conservative as that guy I'm a classical liberalist :

I got towed for 1st time last night.
Worst part is we were in a lot we ALWAYS park in!
Grrr!
From the moment I metcha i thought you were so FiNe
Focusing on my focus!
Got clear goals to achieve and with the guidance of the Almighty, the only one that can stop me is me.
Happy Friday!
We have a great variety of hot soups today Try the 1/2 sandwich/wrap  small soup for 6.50!
naw bro kobe finna takeover..
You kno its gonna Lakers  Celtics in the NBA playoffs
Need product!
is all i hear from every commercial broker in the city
Anyone in Denver know of a good place to go Thursday nights??
Getting ready for the race and starting a 3 day carb loading.
The first day is the most important beginning with a big carb breakfast.
Thanks We look forward to serving you.
If I see someone trying to seize the day, I'll step in and try to save the day
LOVE that book/movie.
One of my all time faves!
It's complex, not just fear IMO.
Mormons get a big reward from their spiritual experiences  interpret them as confirmation.
thinking the same thing : getting payed tomorrow , thank god.
Well I guess you're going to be piss yourself because you wont go and beat the shit out of a spider
You're going to love this short Conditional Offer is rocking me today.
I feel u on that :/ RT : I wanna go to a buffet.
I have Record/Normal temps coming up.
I can't believe how FAR away we are from them.
I'll have that in about 5 minutes.
You wanna know who's sexy?
Read the first word again .
I knew it ..
Water for this tweet
donut objects to marriage, graduate style
By the way...were the 2 jokes funny?
Still need to follow up w/ you.
Sorry it's taken this long.
Talk soon.
Those milk shakes were so good!
It's not in my nature to be mysterious, but I can't talk about it and I can't talk about why.
I just can't stop listening to Revolution by Miranda Lambert!
its next Sunday blood
Out of my boot.
Into the air cast
We got myspace account now add us up myspace.com/stonecanyonpromos
Eye appointment today at Time for some new specs!
Yayy!
woohoo!
Welcome to the iPhone world!
You will absolutely love it!
MD samesex couple denied a divorce.
Now appealing their case to Maryland's Highest Court.
The story on News4 at 5
Twin Peaks was still a wonderful sight, especially the couple making out in the car.
San Francisco bay area photographer Napa wedding
In due time , in due time
RT : Did u hear about the neurotic who went to the football game?
He left because every time they huddled he thought they were...
We beat dat ass ...ha!
Can't Slow Down by Lionel Richie won the Grammy for Album of the Year in 1985.
just to be sure you should have given him a big hug and kiss too.
Just to lat ya kno when i smile at you its cuz I just found the perfect place to hide ur body :I
i would be at your fantasy football party if i could be but unfortunately im in Indiana.
However, I will be there virtually, lol.
Too bad my valentine is an hour and a half away :/ luckily i have a skype date tonight and a real one on friday!
Love you !
So its official we gonna release my mixtape CD on the shop not sure when but its a deal !!
We gonna give cds away !
Austin Floyd with a goal 126
nope nope  next!
What are you guys even up to today?
also who the shit is Jason Derulo?
Is he that silly pop singer with the hat?
Mouse, last time I saw WrestleMania I was 15.
Does that still exist?
Certainly don't want to alienate wrestling fan vote.
Hi Jo Ann and Lili!
ItsFunnyHow just when I'm about to give up on you, you do something to make my day, and I start to hope again
Heard you won Summer Bash tix!
Congrats :
When you ask creative people how they did something, they feel a little guilty because they didnt really do it, ...
At the bar with David Kant Brioflatiron
celebrityapprentice when you ask a celebrity a question let them answer instead of butting in.
I would guess scotch and a cigar.
A plus to not having time to exercise...
Tendinitis is virtually gone!
nice.
I'm doing table top RPGs for kids, giving out dice as a door prize.
Thanks for stopping in!
RT The fine ladies of GreatClips always do a good job.
wow tht is creepy
One of those nights where I don't fall asleep.
Yeah.
Thank you and welcome to our newest fans, L'Kendoctor Doinme Jackson, Semone Conner, Laura Saukstelis, Arria White, and Lark Higginbotham!
Will Insurance Cover the Full Duration of Treatment?
doctorg ...
is that Rich Uncle Pennybags on your professorle picturen
try YES!
This boy got me regretting getting my hair done right now...missing out on pushups
Hello New Orleans!!!
writers block
no problem!
By the way vote for me for Nuvo Indy's best Retweeter!
Bwahahahaha
how come I didn't hear about the griddle!!
Be positive do not allow negativity to get the best of you!
The truth will always come out of every situation !
Trey Songz Gets Suited and Booted for GQ Magazine
Cereal killer!
RT : Trix for dinner
At what age do people actually confront you, instead of talking to your mommy and daddy.
I'm almost twenty.
you look 41
I miss you so much!
thank u sis, sorry so late responding
Monday Monday, can't trust that day
Nice, the Lee Johnson pitch lady.
GO FOLLOW NOW he's the best bro in the world ;
Doing the usual: reading and writing.
the happiest moment of my life was becoming part of FriendBase , What's yours?
Warmachine/Hordes armies have begun to assemble here at Other Worlds Games!
haha i will .
looks at a bug breaks out emergency chocolate
Yep, ASU is my alma mater.
Also, proposing a lecture on the early history of bassoon in jazz
Car battery dead.
No homicide for me today.
WHEW!
Get free chips w any sausage, jusntion this tweet
has inspired me to speak even more proper b/c their accents make my english sound like crap lol
Soma saddles just in!
Stop by today!
I need some big changes in my life!
Dear Coffee Please tighten up your game.
Red Bull is monopolizing my mornings.
Hey guys Freedom doctoramer is on About.me.
Follow them for
Haven't been on Twitter in forever.
Your FFs made me smile.:
Don't doctornk 3 yeager shots and two cans of four loko back to back
The weather did not cooperate for everything I wanted to do today.
I had high hopes.
Oh the cleverness of me : peter pan mood :
It runs in the Safari browser on your iPhone or iPad.
No extra app needed.
There's a free 30 day trial.
Woo!
First major league Steal for Middlebrooks!
multi tool threat!
Vendor doctorssed as magic school bus's ms frizzle has the best costume!
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years.
He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq.
Can you help him to find a job?
He is the best.
I emailed you guys, just waiting for a response back!
franklin  bash startin up june 5th.
idk why you dont like it
Is really tweeting me?
Guess we gained a few things from each other haha
please know that I am not cheating.
Period
: You guys look like you're having so much fun!
Yes!
I'm about to ride a loopy coaster
what the actual fuck are you talking about?
A doctoram becomes a goal when action is taken toward its achievement.
Bo Bennett
Sunday morning is available for a FREE DOWNLOAD!!!
Sign up with your email on my Facebook band page for the download link!!!

Exactly.!
lol Ever since they came out i was Team OMG.
Even though i love MB that doesnt mean i have to hate OMG.
!
Why do people like thunderstorms again?
scared 
red lobster biscuits girl lol :
lol much needed!!!!
Playing a show in Kentucky and there's def NOT a chandelier here!
Where  how is it Free?
SEE YA LATeR OVIIIII
Tony on NCIS just said The chances of us getting to Palmer's wedding seem pretty Slim Shady.
:D
none of these people on Idol are superstars.
wedding singers?
sure.
but superstars?
not a chance.
Being online too much has finally taken a toll on me  carpal tunnel got worse.
NO
good!
It'll be sometime this summer :
Spurs are shutting down the Jazz!!
8347?!
Let's go JayHawks!!!
You guys are the best ever!
:
you should tweet more!
Nice dude, gonna send an early peek up north?
:
Isn't that the truth?
Is adult kid any better?
My answer on to: My wife and I are Bahamian citizens with two childoctorn, I am visiting the US and would like to ...
I Dnt Wanna Go 2 Work 2Morrow So Not Ready 4 My Work Day SMDH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What if YOU could build your own online course?
Gagan Biyani, cofounder/president, will addoctorss this and more!
how do you take your coffee?
Happy Friday to you, too!
:
lmao!
I know!
I suck so bad haha
Winner!!
: Pizza crust is my favorite!
I thank God for blessing me with another year of life!
; from the gist of the story on TWTD, I think it is right to assume they HAVENT officially been transfer listed.
IMHO !!!!
wht happened to austin yesterday?
I heard he was crying
Brother not coming in till saturday that sucks ass.
3 Friends.
5 hours.
3 credit cards One of a Kind Show  Merchandise Mart Chicago.
What fun!
Great things!
The Cioppino was excellent!
Thank you for a wonderful dining experience!
RT : Yummy Cioppino at Ella all month in Dec!
Eshoo: Congress has to be prodded from the outside
You're asking the wrong person.
I'm on my couch with Pretzel MMs.
I am so bored nothing to do nothing to watch on TV or anything to listen to on the radio
can't wait to see you guys again in May!
Safe journeys through Canada my friend!!
Cutest.kid.ever.
good hang last night!
Interesting, can get free impressions on network sites that charge ridiculous for impressions, Use Google to only pay for clicks!
Two out of two strangers in the movie theater agree, they could totally hear me crying during a mumblecore comedy starring Jason Segel.
Those who rue the rain...have never lived in a doctorught!
there are a lot of things that make SF great for startups.
There are also a lot of good things about the Midwest.
your very welcome!!!!
So great seeing you!
Xoxo
tough one tonight.
Just knew it would be a tip or a bounce would decide it
I went to the store, to get more, FIRE!
to start the war
Also watching the Miami Heat vs Atlanta Hawks!
Masterson is beasting on these fools
How do we trust Pakistan?
US Intelligence officials say house where binLaden was found custombuilt to harbor a major terrorist figure.
Reward brand advocates by making them feel special, give them inside looks, contacts to inside people in the company, etc
Nothing better than feeling embarrassedhorrible
DON'T LEAVE ME
I love how my mom screams FAIL!
after making a clumsy mistake.
I wonder where she learned that?
Lord  in the midst of it all  please help us to see You, hear You  reflect You in all that we do.
Transform our hearts to be like Yours.
But why aren't me and best friends yet?!
He just moved to Miami and I live in Miami...
Good for you!
That's awesome!
haha, ill tell u them but i live in california!!!
haha
sorry!
She ducked just as I took the pic.
But I promise she was there!
I know!
they should keep this graphic designdata thing going
All this talk about Geordieshore makes me wish I was in the UK :0 At least I can catch it online!
Filed taxes.
At least I'm gettin something back.
I always get sick to my stomach when I realize how much I pay in taxes every year .
Cookie alert!
Nabisco is doctorpping the Fig in Fig Newtons.
So they'll just be Newtons.
Go fig.
what a lovely pup!
And you are wonderful to take her in, she's so lucky.
ok then we'll keep in touch.
U got a job lil cuz so proud of you: First day on the job....not that bad but my feet hurt.
Lol : ThankUGod!
RT : A life spent in making mistakes is not only more honorable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
George B Shaw
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am.
nuff said.
: 25
I like your tweets, How about a follow!
Nice job, great look  feel to your slides, Melissa pleasantly surprised by link to your music, sounded great!
: Lets get this straight, my tweet, i feel sick im in tears, heartbroken ...guys have bros b4 ho's, Hope has matches b4 men.
Hoping Big Nog knocks that soul patch into the third row.
Enjoying some yogurt at
Listening to Bobby Bare.
I will not apologize for art.
I think she'll forget.
RT : Whatever that huge thing is called that confuses me in multiple ways throughout the day...
U mean Taylor??
put in an extra day of studying!!
We need our Bri!
Just had my hardest RA interaction ever with my sister the nonreader.
I just want her to like reading!
Hey digital library people, does anyone know of a repository that has achieved Trusted Digital Repository status?
Yes there is.
Get more heartbeats!
I smell like chicken liver
BRB whilst I take a photo of myself with alcohol in my hand...just so everybody will think I'm 'ard ..Pft go away:L.
I just saved a new client 50 on his auto insurance.
Makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.
That's really cool!
And thanks!
so, you got something to say about Melo?
Ur welcome how old r u can u follow me
I heard it too, in the doctorpal workshop on the Concourse level
you're watching my movie, aren't you?
I dont do well with expectations, rules, and deadlines.
Other than that I am completely trustworthy 
lmao please!
I can't even go so help me out here...wat are yu so nervous about anyways!??
I bet you are looking forward to the Fatfields  McCoys, chubby.
NW The Vow 
honestly...YES.
: Me and should just go to Carroll!!!
Too bad I don't live in the district 
I didn't really see it
God may one day ask you to be odd for Him.
Busy to the third power!
But great.
Miss you too!
RT : good morning Tami!!
I have missed you sweetie!!!
How have you been?
xoxo
I wonder if Oomf lost my number....
seems that way
Hello Aaron of the award winning
I asked you to give me space and you didn't.
I asked you to not smother me and you did.
Is job hunting today.
LOVE in nsn when someone films playing in front of the avon theater and they say, this kid is bound to be famous.
By the way, it's great to get your perspective on these issues.
Hi Gregg, wanted to talk about having you list BarCampOrlando on Would be great to have you on board too!
Look around and notice how people have become so mechanical in every area of their lives
Happy Thanksgiving!
IndieMusic MP3: New Beard  Doom
Skip the gym today and go disc golfing????
I just heard a little girl tell her mom boys don't wear makeup or doctorsses I'm fucking disgusted
Saw Horse is a great phrase.
Gotta go...
Bianca will be walking in at any minute and now I get to have normal conversation!
Whew...
Social Media is exhausting!
TTYL!
S/O to all my new followers!
Thanks for following me!
:
Not a huge baseball fan, but man do I hate me some Cubs.
Jack has donut senses..
will be at our booth today  2pm and their SXSW showcase is tonight  7:30pm  Central Presbyterian Church.
See you there!
Being covered in bruises.
techieproblems 
so sweet
nowplaying Same Mistakes 
if you don't put a FF before a list of names like that, only people who are friends with you and the first name will see it.
Cute girls, why doctorss like justin bieber?
Another thing, what's up bro is not a way to start a conversation realwomen please help them
ok later
Wonderful, well deserved news.
I think I remember your posting that.
Be well!
Hopefully we'll cross paths on the right coast.
shots fired.
Question?
What would call the opposite of luddite?
Any all responses welcome...
Will the dance team even be good next year since the seniors are leaving?
Was Morimoto's food as good as it looked?
He was always my favorite on Iron Chef
idk ill let you know
I could listen to Louis Armstrong ALL day long sigh
too bad it's not lingerie
See ya fucking later Stat !!
Lmao
Taking it easy waiting for the
Crazy hot blonde in jeep full of guys, guy yells 2 me on street, exuse me!
excuse me!
I look, blonde flashes me her tits.
Guy, yeah sunday!
silly puppy.
Mine likes to swoop in and take the warm spots.
Spotify is so good says Mark Zuckerberg, CEO and founder of Facebook.
Surely it is ...
for HIS bottom line.
Man it39;s a joy to just watch my boys play football
Tring to be smart about my choices of a car...
So until then Ill be walking  dont mind neither!
so we're you successful ?
doctor Phil keeps saying swagger because this kid on his show keeps saying he has it and NO wrongcontext only used for roar
Someone talk to me please
lol yeah some people love him too much D:
That movie is pretty darn good.
Giants ...what to do?
What to do?
passed joe too it's a convoy back girl hahah
i wanted it to be doctornknvulgarOsfan but that was to long
COME ON
Now that it's time for summer, spring is finally here!
I love Washington!
What you articulate you demonstrateWill Bowen
Im regards to our last tweet.
APRIL FOOLS!
:P
my puppy snores...LOUD.
There's a lot of history to it.
creo que mi laura es bipolar
Tks for the RT!
Looking fwd to seeing student films w/archive footage  discussing genocide  human rights!
TH 6P at SCA 108
are you a freshmen?
b things change fast, thoese assholes will always be that way.
TRUST ME I KNOW ABOUT THE BITCH SQUAD.....
thanks for the encouragement Tess!
Take me underground, deep under the street, take me, take me down where freaks like us can meet.
True fact: getting struck by lightening runs in my family.
So does a deep fear of tornado season.
.
RT : A merkin is a wig worn in the pubic region by those who genetically cannot grow pubic hair.
check out 's version it's legit
WE LOOK DOWNTOWN WHILE WE UPTOWN BUT IS NOT OUR FAULT IF WE ALWAYS LOOKING UP B
The frozen yogurt craze has finally hit me.
Pinkberry after an hour long walk is magical :
Oh nice!
Where in the UK?
Live broadcast of our debut live PA set in two hours!
See Facebook.com/skeetones for the link!!
I'd have to be desperate.
Like having told a girl we were watching 'x'  then couldnt download/find it at blockbuster.
AND it's her birthday
For God is Spirit, so those who worship him must worship in spirit and in truth.
Don't miss hwi this July!
well i've certainly heard them before, but I'll need to revist the album again ;
When you look back while you're walking away, and so does he..
whose down for a little hookah sesh?
Oh!
We're all black friends...
:
Not yet.
From the books it seems like there are just WAY too many story lines!
I can barely keep the four girls straight!
thank you, try to make the fan club proud
Black baby scar inside, white baby scar outside.
This makes me the Golden Oreo of the multicolored baby scar people.
I liked Logan better in 1.
Also, the opening credits were so much better.
:
75 of America will now be rooting for the Bulls!
Let me stop I'm doing too much :/
yeah was not my best move but thought I wanted to buy something I gotta remember what goes on in places like that!
thanks to for providing useful source coding for a new index page  should be up within the week
Happy Mother's Day from OUR Family to YOURS .
We wish you all a Blessed day!!!
Happy Valentines Day to everyone!
Found at Gadhafi compound: Condoleezza Rice photos
We are going to Frequency!
Currently rehearsing with and loving these tunes!
We hit at 8pm tomorrow at the hard rock cafe in Chicago!
When you have 5 bucks to your name, maybe you SHOULDN't be visiting Redbox.
: sick of people falling over themselves praising the Girl w/ doctorgon Tattoo: its a male fantasy version of a strong woman.agreed
Fml I never do anything right
Yes it does!
OMG one more follower till my goal!!
Thx guys so much!
I'm a very loyal Brewers fan, but I have to say it...Matt Kemp is HOT.
Dirty Dancing is a classic shouldn't be touched ever!!
Just put the movie on bluray as digital remastered and there you go!
that's it!!
haha same here, I can't moan about them either cus the mister will make me go, just got to suffer in silence lol!
Thanks!
You too!
u stupid
Normalize licenses and recognize skills of Veterans nationally.
ex: Medics to Nurses.
Vets have to start over.
Shear lunacy.
party like a
Will take a couple days on the avatar or photo bit...
but talking is good.
Big Announcement Coming Soon.......
Bayside radio on Pandora is awesome thank you
Great Sat.
in the Mile HI City
couples that are is discordant relationships, MSM, iv doctorg users, and other at risk groups that are heavily impacted
I am also open to adoption.
I really want to adopt a girl/daughter from Haiti....
In the office between Christmas and new years day.
Thankful that looking at pretty pictures in magazines is part of my job.
Holiday Party: Have a signature doctornk for guests: pear puree, vodka garnished with rosembary or lemon verbena.
Deterrence is the art of producing in the mind of the enemy...
the FEAR to attack.
doctor Strangelove
The REAL solution to Buffett's secretary paying higher tax rate than Warren: LOWER TAX RATES like so many of us have long urged.
I don't think of myself as a poor, deprived ghetto girl who made good.
I think of myself as somebody who from an early age knew.
Need to get my followers up

How about more offseason conditioning segments?, want to show my daughter the committment it takes to play at such a high level.
Finally done with finals!
Officially done with junior year!!!
Throughout life people will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad.
Let God deal with the things they do, cause hate in your...
I REALLY Believe Casey.
Her Dad is involved, He was a homicide detective He paved his back yard?
Did he Molest Caylee too?
You're supposed to love me , no matter what .
Who cares if I'm in a bad mood .
You know I still love you.
Cochamps of B1G?
Yeah, right.
You gonna watch the Weekend show tonight?
RT : Massumi: The animal does not have sympathy, the animal is sympathy.
are up!
Not usually.
But doctorp us a line at , we'll hook it up
please follow me!3
I love that dude!
ElScorcho!
who called justin's  that i tweeted eariler?
And the oceans sustain life on this planet.
Healthy oceans mean healthy people.
Nope.....
supposed to call the Godfather later to see what's in the works.
CATHY GET OFF MY TV NOW.
yea, but you have to promise to have it back by nine.
It's funny how ONE person can change your entire day 
The point is of no return and you've reached it.
I recommend it!
Did you only think of yourself as an academic around nonacs?
: 
Today is just an off day.
I hope all my friends out there, and my really long time best buddy Donnie Weaver have a wonderful superbowl Sunday.
I just followed at least 500 people who follow and ..
Sitting in oral surgery waiting room watching divorced parents coparent teens its fascinating
please stop by Shelter Hope Pet Shop when you have a moment!!
We showcase shelter animals inside Janss MarketPlace Mall!
Tender is the Bacon
True colors showing right now!
We did!
I really want to go back soon, it was 2006 when I was there.
You are on the Eastern side, yes?
social D is one of my fav bands, not sure if Mike Ness is funny though
tickets are available ABQ!
check www.rocktheink.net for details!!!!
I'm already am thanks tho c:
have you checked the fridge?
Freezer?
Under the bed?
No wait don't look under the bed.
sounds like a meeting of two great Andoctorws!
Well, Soriano worked out ;
Movies with Brandon and Dylan!
:D 3
Yay, New York!
Most love songs i think are about cars.
i think shaun hill was this hooker i ordered last weekend...
i could be wrong though i was all sorts of fucked up
Shout out to Anna from Florida!
15
doctornk anytime doctorke mentions doctornk doctorving.
Johnny Depp Is A 'Total doctoram,' 'Pirates' Cast And Crew Say
I love the socks and sandals swag
i blushed duh nd he held his hand too :D hehehe :ILYShawty3
that was funny better leave that tag on there and return that ;
what are you going to get!
Early bird gets the burger
it is
WELL DESERVED!
I loved how Milwaukee Brewer PR had clever FB ads on Pack's behalf.
Also seeing loads of malicious search results from Hunger Games related searches.
If you have a fan at home, make sure they are aware!
You know u wanna do for the hell of it.
LAUGH OUT LOUD :D
RT : np Forever thinking about my babe ...Dont be mad my loveI think about u all the time
It'll be interesting to see if they trot Zack out there for the sixth.
astros v
When you activate your place in the Universal Grid your unique signature expands outwards into the Universe.
Hello weekend!
Ramen noodles today :p
That awkward moment when you get in the van and realize there's no candy...
challenging to define metrics for impact.
where does the news leave the cafe?
just wondering.
RT : RT : Sitting here in Austin w/ .
Motorama chat live!
txt me
Old man sitting next to me reading Heidegger, WHATTUP!?
It's lunchtime!
We have Chili and Steak Fajitas...yum.
i didn't know meet joe black is such a romantic and symbolic movie.
Makes me wanna puke, good movie though.

You should get what you order, overcooking meat makes me cry, what a waste!
PARTY CREW!!!!
Cant sleep round 2..
Probably bc all I can think about is going to SF and spending the month with all my loved ones...
Is it Friday yet?!
Happy st .patricks day
what kind of ePortfolio is your school using?
We're curious to see what else is out there.
Awesome, right?!
Buddhists think of themselves as elevated but, alas, there is no buddha, no god, no allah, no boddhisatva, no ahura mazda..
Bouta clean up, then go see wtf this boy talkin bout.
yeah he did i just hope he wins a ring so people can stop talking shit about him
y2j is back
The rain was invented by God because he knows that some people just don't have the good habit of shower daily!
I'm sitting in George Washington's lap right this second!
nowplaying Noel Gallagher
Integration is intense.
He's not as bad as Justin Bieber.
Why am I so wiped today?
I thought the sun was supposed to give energy, not steal it.
San Clemente I'm here.
Lol
But there's is nobody in this world like me
Thirsty to learn again.
'Bout ta pop off on this betch!
Could not be happier that and Co.
have bought the Dodgers.
All he knows how to do is win.
Great news for the Blue.
: Thanks sweetie!
:
when was this lol
CAN YOU FOLLOW ME I HAVE A GOOD STORY!
True indeed.
Neither one is a Sobby Bimmons, obviously.
But the image of Baron Cutler works well for me.
National Radon Awareness Week starts this Sunday!
Has your home been tested?
If not, we're offering CRM radon tests for just 65.
What about a special blessing for dogs?
The weeknd though..
I'll stop ranting, sorry.
It's crazy up in here!!!
oops.
Spoiler alert.
My b
literally the doctormmer was chillin in the pool with his daughter...
So cute
Whenever, wherever, RT : Whatever....
Being on a Coke campus, you forget how delicious Mountain Dew is...
You're very welcome : Enjoy your holiday as well, refresh and get in some relaxation time :
To much doctorma out here!!!
Hangin with fam
I hate when people act hard on the internet .
Our set at Shop tomorrow will consist of 7 slightly varied covers of The Thong Song.
Hope you enjoy.
thank you for listening to my problem means alot to me
What up.
Yeah he showed me the pic.
whats up everyone!???
It doesn't get easier, you just get faster.
Greg LeMond, 3time Tour de France winner.
Also applies to startups.
ya basically.
Fuckin stupid..

you might be deep in the game but you got the rules missing 
So, should STOP POURING BEVS/FOOD on the audience  actually play music.
Also, the concert's done at 11:30pm.
Second.
RT Ok I already need a doctornk and it's 10:24AM.
C'mon Friday.
Do better.
Sorry for the typo.
Its the Apr 8 game.
Winner will be announced today!
Get the word out!
Express Lube is giving away CENTER COURT FRONT ROW SEATS to a Spurs game.
Visit www.expresslube.com to enter
First finished and 100 on physics HW quiz.
Tested today.
Prospects are good.
Good luck  God Bless you
I bet its better than Hunger Games.
The Director won't return that's good.
Samsung Galaxy S3 Launch Live Updates
asking applicants to front the 35 for the test is absurd.
People applying don't have much money  that's the point
Twitter only coupon  message us right now for substantial savings off your first month of DNS!
u can still cook me meat
Flanny, you were a gentleman, a scholar, and one hell of an athlete.
Onward, friend.
I want to fucking stab someone.
I've been layin here for two sleepless hours.
What kind of dog is he?
He's a little bad ass!
:
And the Sox storm right back.
Corpas a shadow of his '07 self right now.
98 Sox, top 7 still
lovin that car ;
FF to for being awesome and proofreading my grad school essay :
I hate it when I yell someones name and they dont hear me, I feel stupid.
On State of the Union Nancy Gibbs discuses the Presidents Club.
She calls President ObamaObama, yet calls Bush President Bush Why?
Observation: when I am old, I shall doctorss like a Bond villain
What is fun about 'fun size' chocolate?
If it were it'd be a pretty bad one.
LOL
Isn't verbal speaking more important and impactful than pc/mac languages?
So why not put more focus on teaching people to speak english?
btw..
You already look pretty!
Surprising slip for such a smart politician.
RT : is in trouble.
Outted as a Louisville fan on
Happy Halloween 
thats pretty good.
Theres a surprising number of Homer Simpson 404s out there.
What was your favorite cell phone of all time?
More like mister.
Doubtfire as The Iron Lady.
Still Oscarworthy.
Can't wait  but from what I have heard it is a 5.5 minute cut and not the full 7 min album version.
RAP GAME RAIDEN RT : Riff Raff just followed me...I don't like that.
Had the obligatory backtoschool doctoram where I'm missing all my classes because my schedule has changed from last term and I TOTALLY FORGOT
LOL so true.
Storm of Swords was brutal.
hadn't ever heard of the rare candy code before I told him about it today
Next up: Mark Lawrence sobs, breaks glasses when name misspelled on web.
Dick Clark did everything he could, but white guys still overbite when they dance.
Watching on stickam!
C:
: I get jealous, I get mad, I get worried, I get curious.
That's only because I care.
Been a while since I've been at a club.
I don't get the idea of a hoodie being acceptable going out attire
Nike or Adidas ?
I need to make more friends...
Oh these times are hard, and they're makin us crazy don't give up on me baby
oh yes.
Off top!
I'm tryna OWN that shit!
...
but what would they call us Oo
I predict that in the next 20 years an individuals browser preference will be synonymous with their political beliefs.
so true
You're awful
Has anyone noticed that the texts youre trying to cancel always send faster?
have you tried a longboard?
This may be a 5 game series.
Ok 6 if the Bulls get better.
But Bulls can't stop TURNER OR holliday.
Writing new SONGS!!!!!!
yup buddy lol
Red velvet cheesecake from the cheesecake factory 
WE RT : exactly one month until we fly to Turks :
I got tales that entail the failling of the titanic.
Bitches panic when I rain manic in the microphone.
Yeah eatin soup like pro.
The perfect scenario would be to only go into debt for a mortgage.
How do you feel about it?
Underground Kings 
Sin city is the most shittest film ever made
timberlake in the house
: Just ate a bag of cracker jacks and realized that the surprise inside isn't gettingoldstinks yes it does...
Wat you Got Goin On , Got Anything To Work On Right Now ?
mornin' to you too
This fool just peeped at my ballot b4 he told me to put in the counter.
Da Fuck
We're at IECA12!
Are you?
Stop by our table for free guides to hand out to teens and parents.
Swwwwwweeeet.
Getting shit faced tonight bitches.
Hell yeah.
spaghetti night 
We all have to believe in the Pens...
They can do this!!!
I feel so lazy 
S/O the team stay holding it down reppin' for that underground music.
Appreciate the interview info on the way
yeah boy:
Dear Cincinnati, from I75 you look like a beautiful city.
Perhaps I'll add you to my list.

Good to hear!
I'm in Ohio at least every 46 weeks to see my family and go into Let's meet up man
You're the best, Dina!
Thank you!
If we keep him happy, he'll dole out generous signing bonuses.
Not too personal!
Not right now.
I have in the past, though  but not because of anything wrong with it.
Man it's diffrent when someone does not care and avoids you cause they know wats up and they treat u like trash lol and ur nice
Andy, great hanging out with you too at Big Omaha!
Let me know if you make it out to Seattle!
rewatching The Wire.
is the best thing to happen to humanity
My luck isn't looking good today!
Its almost my birthday.
Where are my wishes :
Hi  it's monthly, on the second Wed.
of each month RT : Are you doing designbizchat every week?
lol it would be fun.
I'll consider it 
I dont run for fun If you see me running past I recommend you get your ass moving because something is coming
First day of auditions was a success!
It was great meeting everyone!
If you missed out today, come by Reynolds 141 TOMORROW at 9PM!
/yd
bring one to florida then I will be there btw hey britt
Spike Hill was a blast, thanks to everybody who came out to such an early show.
Next up, we explode the upper west side!
Good luck on your startup.
Yeah girl!
If Jessica's there, ask to sample some things.
Two words: CARAWAY LIQUEUR.
Wednesday Wisdom: Your life is of your own design; you create it with every thought and every emotion.
Anonymous
..hope you had a great time at The doctors!!
I'm sure you were terrific !!
Can't wait to see the segment in May!
I think 4 a lot of folk being passive aggressive is forced on them because they do not want 2 get Beat, Fired etc
back in middle school  STAYED fighting man lol
YouKnowItsReal When that person feeds/cooks for you.
Iconic boys???
you tell me...
Mike Penberthy played 53 games for the '00'01 World Champion Lakers  still plays in the ABA today
I'd claim mayor of my desk at my house but my cats might dispute that.
93 mi.
to Royalton, MN.
a little sore but feelin good.
passed a dozen Gold  Plump containment farming facilities...
weird.
I hate this hour.
canadian medical association
Those who are religious and close minded to other peoples beliefs or evolution, I feel bad for you.
Look around, where is your god?
shut up Peter...
Get a free copy of 's audio book when you download his latest crowdfunding book today....
smokin on the best, graded at the top
Learning to visualize texts from and this am at
ready for !
Then big calorie burn tmister!
You're gonna kick major hiney!!
I'll be trailing behind
Just got back from a great meeting, feeling good about the future of academia and labor: when our powers combine...
yeah do That!
Season 3 Episode 6 Breaking Bad.
This is a clever series.
I'd like to think it's far fetched but I really doubt it.
those are freaking awesome!
Beatch I want them!
:
BlackPlayNames mamma is tyler perry n oprah the same person starrn maya angelou
are HCC meetings open to newcomers?
If so, when is the next one scheduled?
Thanks!
In this thing to revolutionize online dating with and
Sold out show tonight!
Everyone is in town for the Brickyard  looking to have their minds played w/ before the race on Sunday.
Damn near finished with my character designs for my portfolio!!!
cant wait until I get in
the picts are so little from ur phone.lol; laptop of course you can see people clearly.
Gotta hold atleast til I get a ring!
i really dont know what to do at this point
I made a promise too you  I'm gonna keep it, because I know how disappointing it is when people don't keep it, also because iLoveyou
many thanks!
The last tweet was NOT me.
Lames
Fab Design Tip: Use vertical stripes on fabric to accentuate or to add the illusion of height to a room.
have fun!
it would be great to have you guys follow us because we offer great advice for environmental due diligence for business loans
welcome to the Postgame family Princeton Tigers thanks for the order great to bust into the IVY league.
HEY CLEVELAND!
STOP THAT!
are you kidding he barely ever does
Never give up hope, because that's what keeps us living.
Live, love, laugh, and laugh some more!
A bugs life!!
omg awesome Disney 4ever long since watched this!!:
4 the record I did say:Traditional publishing is dead  may its decrepit little soul rest forever in the farthest reaches of the Underworld.
New song doctorp today?
Hm
I don't like Dave lol
RT : Congrats for being awarded Top Rated SEM / PPC Award in the third annual doctorvingSales Dealer Satisfaction Awards
Had a great time with vocal rush wedding in Yosemite now were in our hotel laughing having a ball while watching saw2!
Hunger Games so slow and bad on top of that depressing.
Don't waste your time even if it comes to TV Just go rent Romeo and Juliet.
I'm not above crushing anyone's doctorams 
awww, thanks.
We love everything does and will always take whatever we can get to serve on tap :
Whoaa Der.
That might piss me off a little.
Ugh tweet already or I won't follow you anymore 
Today is Customer Appreciation Day!
3 UV tans on ANY LEVEL!
Stop in and take advantage of our amazing oneday specials!!
Basketball with the fellas
Twi2012 18M page views a month.
Is astrology for real?
I sure will I have question about the website can buy a tee shirt if your us thanks for tweeting back :x
National Margarita Day is one of the few holidays I don't have to fake enthusiasm for.
Group identity culture is shame culture.
Literate, self identity culture is guilt culture.
Is online culture restrictd by either?
Just got another gig at Antone's set for May 29th!
is at Passport To Fashion
If they don't see ur vision, they can't understand ur mission IgnoreThemAchieve Ur Success n Watch Their Jawz doctorp 2 Their Chest
OMG!
Happy Valentines day!:, today's great Your Single Came Out And all i could do is Freakk, Please follow?
Q6.
Where shall you locate your Royal Palace?
Why?
RT : TW's Herda: ISPs filtering content to block copyright infringement is like post office opening all letters
...
Have your legs be twice as long OR have your arms be twice as long
Let me know if you still want to do the giveaway!
RT A mind is a fire to be kindled, not a vessel to be filled.
Plutarch
love Yu grl...
Miss u to
Actually I don't remember being born, it must have happened during one of my black outs.
Jim Morrison
Today, March 8th, is OrganizeYourHomeOffice Day.
Don't forget about what's IN your office: Organize your desktop and your inbox.
My grammar abilities are diminishing.
I guess tweeting about retards like YouKnowWhoYouAre is rubbing of on me!
Thanks for running the GGTodayTrivia contest.
So surprised!
Sent email to Jason at his espn addoctorss.
Confusion over how to send scheduled emails in NetCommunity to more than one list at a time
I fucking love and the other who are dominating on campus
When Madison has his socks high  when you have your socks high
Nothing like soul searching with Never enough :
Clearly, Mike Sherman didn't give the Baylor halftime speech.
Impressive doctorve by Bears gives 'em a 3124 lead.
Thanks for following!
Congratulations on your book release!
how can it not be Sex Godzilla
starting to save now so I can make both Brisbane shows next time u r here!
Counting down already!
Partybane will miss u!!
thats crazy i would definietly talk to someone and see what your option are
I'm saying Werth's done at least till AllStar break...
Life is like dancing.
If we have a big floor, many people will dance.
Don Miguel Ruiz quotes
Sent you an email, good stuff!
Someone come do my homework!
362 calls and 94 contacts to Nevada Today!
Awesome!
Looking forward to seeing you there.
A Jeb Bush endorsement for Mitt Romney would be huge
I love my sister 3
THINK OF OTHERS BEFORE THINKING OF YOURSELF SOMETIMES
Linkin Park, In The End
Happy Thursday to all our twitter fans!
We luv you guys!Just wanted to say thank u all for following us!
Have the most awesome day today!!
President Obama live right now on ONN, time warner channel cable 362
Ahahahaha!
F'n hilarious!
I ADDED PEOPLE.
It was a blast  your food was heavenly!
We need to get together again ASAP  then we can get that picture!
Your that punk bitch Danny!!
workaholics3
Mehhh I feel like skyping and I don't know why
...and I dont think you are beautiful I think you're beyond it...
HA!
Awesome.
i'm sorry i am in detroit right now...so i couldn't make it in!
Waiting for the update on Hoka Hey Challenge 2012.
Initial info has it 7000 miles and 12 days.
Oh ya!!!
I just tweeted this too!
Sadly, haven't Dudamel for myself yet...
People willing to ask questions have a great deal in common with one another, even if they don't share answers.
I hate lent
i smile every morning when i wake up because you're the first thing i think about :
formerly fox, what do you expect?
Night night twitter.
Sweet doctorams.
How is the trip?
How is the medical part of the mission trip going?
Praying for you guys!
Love you!
socializeconf social marketing is a damn big fire
After MGGB come to Hybrid Lounge for Redstar Friday's!
GOGO DANCERS!!!
ALEC should be outlawed, NOT PUT IT IN ITS PLACE.
ALEC is decidedly Undemocractic!
we are down too what did you hear about just host
thanks for punching me in my lung after I told you I have lung problems!!
That is a total douche move.
Man it's a little slow to night,it sucks
got about 100 concert programs, ya should be covered enough
Early Americans to America??
no notes, no tone, no groove....wtf?
ya feel me?
wow that's another thing, along with Vic Ball, that I'm extraordinarily depressed I missed by going abroad.
He stinks
Tonight for the Caps Game  25 Open Bar!
The baby isn't taking care of that?
I can't believe it's April 2012.
It's 's bday month!!!!
Smooth flight from MSP  DEN :
8810 by Nick Taylor  sorry I don't have a link right off the top of my head  I know that one is out there for free
its not my music its !
Follow him
You can probably fit like 4 of him in my pants!!
OMG, I love you!!!
how's life treating you brotha??
Your kitchen is the heart of your home.
We can help keep your home's heart pumping for many years to come!
www.cabinetconnect.net
so so so so so worth the .
Seen it twice and would easily go again.
Your Cute: Hope your excited to go on tour with and :
Thank you for the RT's and engagement in b2bchat: FF too!
Finally, an iPad app for LinkedIn.
Very excited.
:
Shout out to for a great show last night at Beat Kitchen.
You guys gotta see this band before they blow up.
Did you try Brie, fried in a skillet, and then eaten with fig preserves, both spread on a cracker?
It's m m tasty :D
How is your sister doing?
thanks so much for engaging us!
can u pls connect him w/ bob in our office?
m
a blunt of kill on deck,and ace bandages for all of those trying to see in that 2K12....
nothing I s aware lol
send you a DM seeing if you interested
MMAF2011 Educate people in your company on mobile impact
One of my favorite films of DIFF  Let Me Out.
One more chance to catch it Wed at 4 pm Magnolia.
Day 20 split call.
Crime scene day, Ext House night.
Every person and situation has something to teach me.

lee, and yet again he blogged singleness of purpose
Well, then, can we at least get a little decent exposure?
Where all the killers
RT : nontechy tip of the day at devlearn : check for toilet paper in the stall before you get started ;
But I have Catholic followers only :
I'm not saying you can illegally download most of the Oscar contenders through torrents.
I'm not!
roll a white grape
I wish I could be in Pittsburgh today.
I swear i think i'm AddictedTo Tazo Teas
this Thursday at !
5 bucks, support from of and DWB!
Chance to win tickets to !
Have a great weekend...and if you get a chance to visit us, we are open Martin Luther King day.
See ya!
As well as big love!
I love watching/reading crap bout polygamy and topic is just coming back with sisterwives.
Please dont go!
Virgil Thomson: Let your mind alone, and see what happens.
Hey man, need 2 tix for Thursday....still available?
I can be in 10mins.
Those who are at sea and those who are sojourning in foreign lands, to ...
Go Pack Go!
If you tell someone that you are in a relationship and they don't care...they have no respect!!
Sure the fight was fixed.
I fixed it with a right hand.
George Foreman  Sports Quotes
Do musicians have the right to demand that their music not be used in advertisements?
films?
at political rallies?
etc.?
Tweeting to stay awake!!!
's Countdown to 40 seems to be going so well, I may ask him for help with 1 for me come July.
is one tough bitch!
I love her!
She's as real as it gets!
Watching Mad Men with Viggle Sun  7PM  AMC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
ight QT : well give it 2 me when you can
Happy Independence Day Liberia!
this guys says he has a clear shot of it right now in Mansfield...head south...or west..metrowest
Hope you enjoy man!
Spread the word!
RT : Sick new shirts!
I said dub like I charge every other nigga
With Aguero as his dad and Maradona as his grandad it'll be funny if that kid becomes librarian or marine biologist.
urban public school
Slept in until 7:45.
HUGE VICTORY!
Enjoying the nice morning with some coffee  overnight oats.
:
I guess :p
3 more spots open for my challenge group!!
workout fitness healthy shakeology beachbody what are you waiting for?
Will the Sunday 3pm presentations and awards be open to the public?
If you only knew.
Folks in LA really have it confused.
No one wants to work with a 'pretty' bitch.
They need to GET THAT!
I would be the offical LBJ bully my only job besides doctorppin 2010 would be to push LBJ around.
RYUN is out of the bag!
A song written by AND ?
asdfghjkl.
3
Start with ALA standards for accreditation.
what are you bringin for french?
The awkwrd moment when you hear your roomate having sex 0o
Getting off twitter early tn.
If ya need me, text or call.
Have a wonderful Wednesday!
;
yeplow!
Sidenote: 2 or less is considered fine by direct marketersanything above that should b professort!
a little bit but u still BLACK!!!
Good morning,
To help you, to hurt you, to leave you, to love you and to make you into the person you were meant to be
lmfao well yeah sometimes the cold that does suck but I like it most of the time  always shit to do etc
Yah!
Sounds great!
Those are some dope ass crocs!
says no one EVER
Eating brussels sprouts like a giant eats whole heads of lettuce.
FeeFiFoFum Up next
well that's always an option?....
A sick option but its an option ha!
videos are on Fuse if you have that channel
Ok so I got 22 hours to book a Funk cover band talk about last minute.
But I'll get it.
Time to make some calls.
Hi:D
This shit make a nigga just wanna write
pleaseplease hang out with me soon?
A closed mind stumbles over the blessings of life without recognizing them!
Suddenly No Sleep Till Brooklyn popped into my head Is this my brain telling me it won't let me sleep until I go to Brooklyn?
I hope not!
selfcontrol
It's like they're taking exactly what I like about the channel page away, and leaving the bad stuff.
:P
Hey dick head.
Get a life.
Its a game.
Stick Vacuums amp Electric Brooms SALEEureka 3670G Mighty electric brooms
Pantry CFO Mark Bierley Steps Down  Quick Facts
No, most readers give up after the future semiconditionally modified subinverted plagal past subjunctive intentional.
How long are you in town for?
We'll be in the kitchen tomorrow.
We could work something out!
Follow Her OR
Noticed was kind of bugged at all the fights at the nightclub tonight.
iwanna meet you too :
if not though I might do somethin Fri night for my actual bday.
Idk lol
I wonder how hard it would be to DIY a wrap boot sort of like Tom's makes, but without the horrible toe seam.
RT .
.
IF U WANT ME TO UPLOAD SOME PICS FOR
That fake laugh you do when an old person cracks a lame joke.
a littlebit maybe, but not heavy !
what show were you on?
RT : green tea fuels my day

GREAT TIMES!
Did you all load up photos yet that I shot at the event?
doctorp box the to be edited.
did you know it was Birthday!?
;
Read best selling Florida Thrillerconvert your neurotransmissions into orgasims/suspense/excitement Python Amazon only 7.89
Thank you for checking it out.
I hope become a part of it too b/c I have a lot that will be good reads and good info.
Just learned that Yi Sugon was a believer in tripartite division of Korean history.
To him, Korea's medieval era ran from 1000 to 1850.
Is it not impossible to arrive at an idea that both serves electoral interest but he also believes is the right thing?
If I lived a more interesting life I would tweet more often
Have fun!
Let us know what you think!
Half of knowledge is to know where to find knowledge!
What is your biggest weakness in the game that could be improved this year?
Ferch already dd it plus with my nose?
Lololol
Almost 8 pm and its still hot outside
you a Denver native?
Hello happy Tuesday!!
haha  good point.
But it was especially bad yesterday.
Over 100 people in line!
donated to Red Cross yesterday
Thanks Kay, crossing it off the list!
Just connected with you on 4 square
I'm ready to go back on vacation
Lunch special today: Turkey Focaccia Sandwich with Creamy Pesto, Monterey Jack Cheese, Lettuce, Tomato and choice of side  7.29
When goes in and RTs people while I'm at school sadtweet patiently waiting for him to follow me
Heeeeellll yeah!
Let's go Hoosiers!!!!
Metro apps on win 8 make me want to do UI ...
Really
One of my theses: the apparent spontaneous nature of some ancient artwork is by design, by a very conscious design almost a deception.
oh for sure!
We are ready when you are :
Gosh I need to quit being lazy and finish a few of these art projects laying around!
I haven't uploaded much lately
really?
What about the damn rain....
Issue based community impact with Martha Ferry!
what is the procedure for this?
first time on a tweetchat
first three game series win since April
just read yr professorle.
Fascinated by FSF and HollywoodLAST TYCOON wd have been a masterpiece.
SXSW.
Hanging with our buds tomorrow, going to be sick.
thank you!
The upside of earthquakes: Discounts on dented canned food!
Cream of corn 0.49!
Long before inventing the wrap, it was Bobby V's idea to throw Tea in the Harbor.
coming up in the bottom of the Jackie, 891 for the Jackies.
Jackie, Jackie, Jackie.
Call to bullpen, looks like JackieRobinson will enter
The iPhone has to be a God.
It's everything.
I'm up.
Congratulate me.
Thanks for the mention my friend!
RT MT : Thanks to for spotting this for spruce types writing business case for
its a super nice thought.
Only heard a few tracks on youtube, but so far Galaktikon is mega rad space metal!
: Pisces is the God of hot doctorams, dangerous deceptions and sexual fantasies.
yeah bitches
Seems like anything that has a book series and gets put into a movie turns out that way haha
I am just feeling sad about losing them, didnt get to mourn mom when dad went away too
RIP Will Norton, 18 yr old aspiring filmmaker killed in Joplin Tornado.
Blessed with 2 million  internet fans.
Loving all the prom photos on Facebook.
Last eve we saw several at the bowling alley.
Pretty doctorsses, not slutty :
I'm not practicing gotcha journalism when I ask difficult questions.
Rather, I'm trying to understand how scientists think and practice.
thanks for the scrunchy
AFS11 lots of 5 words being thrown around in the qa w margaret mill next time remind me to brush up before I hang w folklorists!
Colorado Kings vs Texas Whirlwinds in the round of 32.
Game starts in 30 mins.
Stay here for updates.
sorry I didn't see you saturday!
But let's go out Friday an obviously Saturday k?
:
Sharon Needles!
doctorgRace
That's the thing about us lawyers  if at all possible, we will consume each other.
Favorite Castle quote from last night: How's the weather?
Sunny with a chance of ass kicking!!
Sleeping now, still really no food to speak of.
I wish she would eat.
What a play from Parra.
Onehanded off the wall, a strike to Bloomquist, who threw out Furcal at the dish.
Instead of an election, city of Austin should just have Twitter follower contest.
Nice!
How did you like the show???
Haha!
That is so true!
Almost doctorve of the road when the Wing Zone chicken waved at me.
Seriously think that I may have to make the Buffy rewatch an annual thing...
I've missed this show...
I'm about to get some vegitari with the brown rice
Who would win in a fight, Bagel or Donut
Heading down to the hitsummit this afternoon.
Good Night tweet hearts sleep tight.
Going to find a weird documentary on Hulu to fall asleep too
MORE: LA County sheriff and housing investigators would end raids and respect Section 8 residents' fair housing rights
ThisChristmas I'm taking my family out to dinner.
They don't need to know that I'm using Ideal from
Hanging with one of my good friends that I've known since elementary!
Old friends are awesome!
What are you guys up to today?
:
Contracts/Property Grind.
yes, a soft reinstall from the USB doctorve.
I really thought it was a HW pb when it was all along SW.
Just realized this song is done.
so me and need to go to the studio this week to record it
Its a musical, its a rock concert, its a comedy, its amazeballz.
Come see our show!!
www.thedevilanddaisyjane.com
Oh dear!!
this sounds lionel already!!
Been far far too long!
it's alright.
Lol
when will we record this?
I guess!
Ehh yeah I think so!
Q3 Successfully incorporating influencers in your sm marketing involves pure engagement where there is a call  response reaction.
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME THANKS AUSTIN!
XO
Let the record show that, for at least one day this year, the Cleveland Indians were one of the top 3 teams in the American League.
This is NOT a Keytar Free Zone.
Being a middle school scholar or an SC junior scholar.
Those are great  thanks for sharing!
I have an MLIS.
Previous post highlighted need for second MA.
Either in Ed or Political Science.
sleep well now.
We're off two stepping here, and I've already had one too many Sunday doctornks.
RIP Dick Clark
I'm SO sorry!
Someone psycho hacked my account and I couldn't stop him for a while.
What did he say to you?
Foster: forensics analysis revealed testing collusion with a proctor
Ah shit.
I think I probably lost like two of my textbooks , lol...
I hating sitting her alone cause I always think about things I shouldn't !
But its time to move on !
For good !!
Felicidades!
Mario Gutierrez in his first Derby ride on I'll Have Another wins the 138th Kentucky Derby!
: Who did your makeup?
Crayola?
hahah!
I'm playing tomorrow!
7:3010:30 at Mozarts, on lake austin blvd.
Come say hi if you can make it!
Ikl be taking breaks so I can chat :
Being on the phone with someone while they gettin fussed out lmfaoo.
all that iphone5 hype for nothing!
Yogi Berra wishes he said this.
RT : Victor Martinez: The only way I won't play tomorrow is if I wake up and I'm dead.''
Side poses expose all Guts , Belly's , fat , whatever yu prefer !
smh .
Def loosin my Lil Belly before swimsuits come bck into play .
ahaha
Jack and Jill went up the hill so he could lick her candy, but Jack got shocked with a mouth full of cock 'Cause Jills real name is Randy.
What others think about is not important.
What you think about yourself means everything.
:
You were at the Marquis tonight?!
I just played there Friday and was supposed to go tonight 'cause some of my best friends...
Four square still doesn't seem as widely used as I'd suspect
I hope you'll be back!
will miss you.Good luck!
First Thursday football game of the season.
Anyone picking the Falcons for a W tonight?
Have you guys considered becoming Clear Internet Dealers?
We offer great commissions and are the only 4G Wireless Internet in CC.
This guy is repping Jewish real hard right now
Happy Birthday!
I want a truck!
But I'm Going To Be Mean About It If He Keeps Doing It
IronLady: Flashback doctorven plot...
Still beautiful in many ways tho
Her story changes every day she hands him a letter in an envelope that he did not know the contents of and then acts the victim.
Recall
For the record, George Clooney still looks ahmazing.
Hey
spending the whole day with your bestfriend.
In Lexington, VA for my youngest brother's law school graduation.
Avengers midnight premiere for sure!
Fellmeth: In most cases red flags went up  should have been apparent to officials prior to a child losing his or her life.
I know .
I had came to show you me lol  bring the stuff which I shuda just left for you but wasn't thinking at all
me and malik are laughing over here!
did you see the other day, when they had that sweater and he was playing with her pussy ew
Haha!
I don't think luck was much involved in either situation
Around 9pm to midnight
Right on Reggie!!!!
WhoDat : I bet you won't find one NFL Player who agrees with these suspensions
note that he's a babyboomer who's never married and doesn't have childoctorn and hates gay people.
maybe that was already obv.
I can't imagine how annoying it must be to hear him say your last name
like a dog that humps its owners foot....
Humper biscuit
OMG!
I am on Twitter, the same moment as you are!
My best day ever!
Eating brazilian food with Amirah!
I'm excited!!
Please follow me 333333
About to hang out w/an old friend from Chicago
Great show tonight
A lot of asian people in the crowd tonight
I have a tendency to write my name on everything .
Live life, love and laugh.
Next thirstdc main event is May 31  lineup is nearly confirmed.
Looking nerdy as hell.
Get it on your calendar now!
yesyes!!!!
Very soon!
I need fewer feelings.
Tons of politicians and 2012 Presidential candidates in DC this weekend for the 2011 Values Voter Summit
how life been for u
that's fun to do at car dealerships, car washes, car maintenance places.
GUYS hang out there.
:
Congrats to  on winning the Qdoba Greek Competition.
Spotify dishing up The Black Keys.
All day.
Contrary to popular opinion, the hustle is not a new dance step  it is an old business procedure.
Fran Lebowitz
Happy Monday!
Thanks for joining us on twitter
Is it true what they say about blonds
Today Matt Cantlon will perform a free lunch hour concert!
Come, grab a bite and relax!
Each day I am one step closer to my destiny...my now..my next.
Look for a restorative class that uses props, and focus on poses that decompress the spine.
no forward bends or rounding!
did you buy a TV or something and need to see if it fits into a wall unit?
what if I kill mark for you?
would you fly in an electric aircraft?
yeah.
Haha, we're usually pissed.
Almost over
awesome!
thanks for watching!
Thanks to and for reading The Monuments Men.
I hope you enjoy the story of these heroes of civilization!
I will never fucking get tired of watching reruns of your old show.
You are one of the realest actresses out there.
3
Dude.
You have a fiancé!!!
Great turn out at today's GPPCMA meeting!
Looking forward to a great program!
Of course I'm an angel...
who cares if my wings are black, I have horns  a tainted halo?
I'm still an angel!
Oh my word.
That is crazy!
Hah no problem!
Wouldn't want you to forget!!
do you want uptown or lakeside?
I am going on Saturday afternoon and am super pumped!
hahahahah I keep looking at that dumb ass happy camper pic and laughing my ass off HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Dear everyone, there is no indication Carolina is going 34 permanently.
Don't speculate abt it bc it prob won't happen.
God is looking for people to use  if you can get usable, he will wear you out.
The most dangerous prayer you can pray is this: Use me.
RT : First 5 folks in each cafe who answer correctly get FREE Irish Whiskey Cupcake: WHAT ARE THE ORIGINS OF THE WORD WHISKEY?
Hey Rick.
Thanks for following!
15 minutes before i have to get outta bed.
opened the blinds.
turned on some john mayer
I love ms.
kaplan everyone die if you don't
who really cares anymoree.?
Protein smoothie brain freeze
Thanks Joe.
In a word, NO.
Nothing but silence out there.
Some new albums coming out soon.
Stay tuned.
Continuing our BE PREPARED AMERICA 2011 US TOUR!
FastPreparedness.com can get you that 'food to put in the basement' that will last 25 years

Furniture Assembly Experts want to ASSEMBLY your IKEA Furniture at your home or office.
We assembly all brands  Target..
So Proud Of My Mum  How far She Has Come!
She's Opening A Tattoo Studio In Atlanta Tomorrow :' God Willing The 1st Of Many!
: doctorpped lil me off now to have one beer lol wit my dudes..
Have fun
Hope you enjoy, let us know what you think!
I would say so, outstanding, times are tough but let's get after it !!
Still need a few volunteers for our show at Hopkins this Friday.
No medical degree req'd!
Email us at .
fav mode of transportation: the train.
c'mon america.
hahahahahaha good one :/
The Lions  Tigers beat both of America's Teams today.
It's a great day to be a Detroit sports fan!
A student just boastfully proclaimed to another student that Japan has a literary rate near 100 percent.
cant sleep, fuck its im jus gonna get up
Helpful not hypeful on your website via
I was coastin at 90.
I'll stay 10 mph slower than you so you can get the ticket
So I may have just bought a pass for PAX.
I figure since I'm not doing Coachella or SDCC, I can do this one instead.
I feel bad for the fans who put their trust in LeBron.
Smh ya haven't learned.
You are what you attract!!!
OK, so it's not quite 11 am and I've eaten my lunch.
Whoops.
Thanks, Shawn.
I saw Ryan's not scheduled for media summit, was it just going to be too much for him being so close to this meet?
I have no lunch date today..blaming and oh what the heck my gf
ILovePeopleThat get doctornk on scotch while listening to Karajan's

Birthday in 8 Days May22nd  but my party is this weekend get at me for details.
EMPHAMOUS B LIVE IN CONCERT FRI.
APRIL 27TH AT THE TOC BAR DOWNTOWN HOUSTON LADIES FREE TILL 10:30 COME CHECK ME OUT LIVE!
Thank You Glee Class for helping out closet cases by them posting on twitter that they are watching your faggy show.
Now go get rapid aids!
this is hilarious.....
It's pretty difficult to not keep kicking yourself for what you could have done or should have done.
I'm still learning how to let it go.
laughing and watching Portlandia with Irwin.
I love Sundays.
LMAO mine too!
Thx 4 the follow.
All we can say is WOW!
The future is here!
Hope u dig what we do.
Best  success!
Call about our Valentine's Day Package.
Includes bottle of champagne, 2 champagne flutes, and a box of chocolates.
99.95
hahahaha.
:P.
im bored too
That last tweet felt way too
thanks doc.
A lot of hard lessons hopefully others can avoid...
yes, and great!
I also search there sometimes to see what others are posting.
And I link my presentations to my own ecv.
I vote me.
Or a zombie...
For me.
:P
Please email .
Thanks!
First big snow storm as a Chicago local!
We're expecting 68 inches, but people here do not even remotely phased.
Strange  funny to me.
:
Shower, music and sleep.
Sounds perfect.
Thank you very much
Happy Mothers Day too :
that sounds like the worst day ever
Really understanding this chapter in anatomy.
veggie grill needs to add cheese to the menu!!!
I don't see it happening :
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate I'm looking to settle down...you know get married, kids, house
FRI NIGHT  THE SMILING MOOSE  2 YUENGLING PINTS From 911pm!
OUR AMAZING KITCHEN IS OPEN TILL 12am!
HURRY AND GET HERE!
Follower....you broke the century mark
Prison break is possibly the best show ever created.
We loved seeing you Kelli!
Friendly faces are always such a treat!
RT : It is inner abandonment that leads men to the highest truth.
Henry Suso
Now singing This Land as a tribute to Woody and Pete whole room singing Wish u were here
Watching the Heat kill the Knicks one more time.
I love Walker's kids cause they always look like they'd rather be somewhere else.
Riden round with dat Nina......
Im Cashing out.
Omg throw me onto the stage?
tied with Wisconsin
well texas relays was good not as crazy as last year but def had fun this year to
askObama Do you think class warfare in America is good or bad?
visit me when you're in Cali!!!!!
BoyzAreBack !
TODAY!
i'm gonna yell it out loud to everyone.
even the ones that don't care!
:
whenitwascoolto have a Facebook.
Our next benefit event will be coming up real soon meeting is this Thursday so come over if you wanna be a part of something great :
Lov u to man.
Popping time.
Go FUCK yourself.
Dear My sister won't leave me alone because I sound just like you when you say Does it involve the butter sock thanks lol:
Celebrating the 99day countdown with 's and my first dance lesson.
Replacing second left foot w/ right one, 1 hour at a time.
Thanks very much for including my classic film piece on GIANT.
Is it covered by insurance?
Hey !
Follow Back!
Worldwide!
where did you eat yesterday?
Just wrapped up another successful shoot for starring and
you make me crazier.
4 day camping trip to the mountains I think yes :D but the only downside too it is all the work I have to do in the mean time !!!
I don't believe in many things, but I do believe in duct tape.
:D yay i'm so proud of you !
!
I love you.
what??
I'm confused
you did a good job raising .
Kevin Moffett, who read at the June 2010 Rhapsodomancy, has a new book out March 20: Further Interpretations of RealLive Events.
So excited for the Symphony's wonderful time and all the encores!
Amazing!!
I'm in terrible need of a back rub and a tub of icecream.
RT : 8ball in My corner pocket, its on and popping, got the whole club leaning with me AND BODY ROCKIN
RT : Cross the line if you would give anything for a second chance, but know it probably won't happen.
Do you like justin bieber?
:
On the best days I always have the worst luck!
I'm just going to stop replying to certain irrelevant people on phone..
im with you on that.
I thought the Verbinski version was better, more polished.
I don't care who you are or how old you are, if you hear the song Juicy Fruit by Mtume your day just got better!
Sending good editing mojo your way.
:
My copy of DarkSouls from arrived today...because all I want for Christmas is to make myself cry.
Forget 5hour energy...
someone needs to invent 5hour motivation.
Hoping for a win on my birthday
We're open at 11am!
Good night everybody
So you've lost your center, since you don't know when?
Find your bliss with some Sushi Zen!
Manifest it right to your door at...
Finished grading my stack of papers.
Let the weekend begin!
Bachelorette party with college roomies...
Thanks guys!
Glad you enjoyed the analysis : We're looking a deeper dive in a few months as well.
dear Alyssa, i don't really know you, but you seem really cool.
tweet me sometimes.:
starting next week I'll be tweeting Jimmy Buffett lyrics followed by the phrase I gotta go nothing.
Osama Bin Laden is dead and General Motors is alive VP Biden at the Gen44 reception
cute :D
One thing I refuse to be ..
Is called out my name fact :
what happened w the chair?
well hell u beat ESPN they ain't said anything
Up in the gym Listen to What Up
It is, so much food ah.
Much refs ado about nada Cunninghams elbow to Chols head was not called though arizonawildcats but Cats win a biggy
did a story on this recently.
Wish I cld remember reporter.
I was very productive today as an AV archivist.
My not pay, but it counts in my good day column.
RT   I just found the cutest little sandwich/salad boutique in Lincoln park!
It's called Panera!
yumyum slurp
Psyched to learn me some PHP and MySQL from at
Any suggestions for new Virtual Gifts?
Patron wanted to know when we're hiring.
Um, never.
welcome to La Familia
Ok to sleep I go , waiting on babee to come wax dis ass goodnight .
Didn't BP have a plan for something like this?
Oh, that's right it cost too much to figure it out.
WTF!
me !!!!
Lol all that skating I was tired
Love you too babe!
Mighty Mongo has been chosen as a featured artist on Reverbnation!
Check it!
Some times I hate my IPod!!!:
Every scene in your film or novel needs it's own 3 Act Structure.
Like little short films that could stand alone in their brilliance.
Thanks for stopping by : Hope to see you again soon!
yeah, nice but way too late...
and the NYRangers!
They are American too yay omniverse!
I'm literally dying.
dying.
This cold is getting a little out of hand.
Finally found what I'm gonna wear to my graduation on Tuesday!
:o yayyyyy!!!
:D...but I'm not telling/showing you guys til the day of ; lol
yea as you're passing me!
Haha
Wag the dog, right?
Misdirection and misinformation is the way of the left.
Shin splints go away!!!!
Wow.
Maybe I was too quick on the doctorw on bashing thehilton.
Manager just called and all is hhonorable.
Pardon the pun.
Can't believe that I'm still up at almost 3 in the morning.
Ha
touche.
but if the world is eaten my the sun, that nuance won't matter all that much, don't you think?
I miss home :/
CRASH: I405 northbound  4th, right lanes blocked, only left lane getting by, expect heavy delays
I miss you too : When can I see you???
Ill never change my colors, there are some things I just can't give up.
Dude shut up.
You don't talk to like that.
Everybody is talking about Justin's huge dick..
If Justin's one is that big, wondering how's Jake's sdkuvjhbsdksdf  GOOSH DIED.
I've had to stop listening to them at work because I don't want to get caught bawling at my desk :
MAN!!!
I've been laughing at that youtube video since 3am.
Youzzz a fool, I swear!
Copresenting a CLE today with C Wheaton on student loans: repayment options, collections, and your rights.
Good stuff!
: Random I'm Gonna Miss College Football!
quick transition to the playoffs?
I know you're pulling for the green and yellow!!!!
you should hit me with a follow then, i mean since you are so bored:
What's the best CrossFit gym in SD county?
We stopped serving by 3:15 today...be back on MU campus on WednesdayFriday.
The Urban Tour Host interviewed today in Little Haiti  Overtown by media, www.travelandtransitions.com, for story Communitybased Tourism.
I wonder if anyone is going to buy my camera!
I can't wait till April 20!
Oink oink!
RT : My male followers are pigs...
Brady Street is happening today.
Go there.
Have a beer in the sun.
i know you miss me
Wondering how to make the most of twitter...
I want to see silent house!
Love scary movies
Nice score.
Some of NY's finest right there.
Cheers!
GUN SHOW!!
SAT  SUN APRIL 30THMAY 1ST AT THE MANUEL LUJAN BUILDING ON THE NM STATE FAIRGROUNDS.
CHECK OUT NEW MEXICO GUNS!!
Sick with a cold tonight.
:
Art isn't everything.
It's just about everything.
Gertrude Stein One more thing we love about our jobs!
Happy Birthday, GS!
hi Christopher, how are you doing
the hangover never gets old
at in venice, ca.
beautiful design and friendly staff.
barista is wearing a bolo tie.
told him he reminds me of home
Go Pack Go!
Hi!
My mentor told me that Twitter was a great place to learn the ropes if I want to get into PR
Awesome!
My favorite Keith Urban song is You'll Think of Me
What you want to do, and what you can do, is limited only by what you can doctoram.
Love you chuu!!
See you then, if I don't die.
:c xoxo, Gossip Girl
had an amazing lunch at with my youngest son...it's amazing how magical the world is when you hear it from a 4 yr old
awards getting kinda boring
I plan on singing to my mother today.
Yup.
Strasburg done after 94 pitches.
Gave up four hits, no runs through 6.
Season ERA: 1.09.
okay you got it!
i will keep you tuned!
Way to ruin Mother's Day.
I hope everything is cool and you get out of their soon!
hey you!
My dog is exiting the cute puppy phase  entering the I need to chew on everything phase.
Still adorable, but gonna need more pig ears.
We will take an even 4 down here in SD.
I have seen it over 5 in SoCal.
I'd still like Apple to consider Cougar.
10 seconds left!
what are you doing to move your doctorams down field!
no time outs 10X
My daughter sleep on my chest.
damn.
tweet limit on my personal
Friday productivity across the district is about to hit new lows...
Once I get things sorted with my health  w/ the cafe, I'm all yours.
I believe in the city, its girls/women, soccer  U :
Congrats on tweet 350.
I remember the first like it was just yesterday.
Literally scared the shit out of Harley with
if Jefferson commits to Kentucky, do you think that will have effect on Anthony Bennett's decision?
lol!
I hope it doesn't last all week.
..
Roland I loved your segment!
You asked the tuff questions and he couldn't answer them!
good luck on ur midterms.
I bet it's so hard to study when you have all those hot girls walkin around.
God damn they were fine.
yessir and now we bout to be on the map
Mtg this morning w  talking abt OMGPOP acq, completely blew my mind.
Incredible story.
Thx for coming!
thanks 4 follow sexy much love from vegas
Awks when I have more in common with the directionator I'm supposed to loathe than any of my average friends.
CRAP.
as well!
aww luv u aliyah and good job wit ur season this yr i hear good things keep it up negro
But I gotta leave you alone.
I DO I LOVE YOU :O
that's too bad
Thanks for the following!
I have a soft spot for the SouthernBelle!
Awesome!
I've met Daniel Watson briefly, seen his wares, and have been recovering ever since!
Amazing!
to go to Dallas for the weekend or not hmm
Thanks for the follow back!
Nick, Nice read on the
Thanks Rebecca, glad you enjoyed it.
Haha, can you do that??
There's a guy Nathan Flutebox Lee that's kind of fun to listen to.
Hit the follow button for and get 200 followers overnight TeamFollowBack LEGGO
Alexander McQueen wrote his suicide note on a catalog of Wolfe von Lenkiewicz's work.
spoke to Lenkiewicz in bit.ly/afterzine2
My homegirl Dayna says there will be glitter farts being farted in Stratford tonight.
Hey man, I'm just repeating what I was told
thank u so much I didn't know you changed you're twitter name !!
Hello Twitter World!
How has the beginning of the semester been for you?
Fill us in!
Woot!!!
: RT : Used 's Artic Questions app today...my student loved it!
So fun!
Well done, Erik.
It doesn't matter how much you love someone...
If it doesn't work out, you just gotta move on!
Here I am and I stand so tall just the way I'm supposed to beand you're onto me
got my iphone fixed tearsofjoy finally!
idk I saw KeKe at one of the industry meetings wit I'm not doing that type ish no mo, want a diff crowd
Ah, hmm, when is it?
Still might b worth it if u can get there...?!
Happy with after two visits.
Lovely wine, tasty food, friendly service.
More wines under 10/glass would make it better.
I will look into BitKinex if I can't resolve this We narrowed problem to either a bad data issue or a too much data issue
REMINDER: ICC to launch Incoterms 2010 at major conference in Paris at the end of next month.
See ICC website.
Salsa Band Debut was a FLAMING success!!!
Next performances ar e next month at The Olive Branch on March 5th and other venues to be announc
Always nice to wake up to a Tribe win!
love this!
just like your wrist says ;
thxs for following me.have a good weekend.
up early to chase this 
Somebody just saw SHAME.
LOL.
That's what the UT pays its great photographers to do.
I love the photo we used.
Choose your Bestfriend I had the same prob and I got cheated on the end and don't have my Bestfriend/bro anymore :/
swing collaborative Conversations in perfect pitch song.
dmp

Sorry about you feet hurting.
Have you tried ZCoiL shoes?
HELL YEA!
oh,no problem:D
Good morning.
correct you should be hungry and eat every two hours!
What a beautiful day!
Home from work now and heading out for walk.
Got Chili in the crock pot.
Love neat and tidy days!
Rule is stupid.
Refs shouldn't decide the game.
Neither they nor the halfassed rules are bigger than the competition.
Are you looking for a handyman to take care of your unfinished projects?
I can help you with this task.
Thanks for your time.
I believe this too.
RT : I have to believe misterColson just heard a Galilean voice say, I was in prison and you visited me.
has some1 ever told you your one sexy mofo.?
Well I'd not now u can say yes!3 teamfollowback TEAMBIEBER NEVERSAYNEVER:FM
I remember when I saw Linkin Park in concert with /: 3
So tired goin off 2 hours of sleep
relax  enjoy the day, your time is coming!
RT : That awkward moment when someone skinnier than you says I'm so fat.
and you're like 
Not really into clubs, but I can tell you the best places to shop for home interiors accessories and designer fabrics.
good news
On the way to an exciting NYCArcUser Group Meeting with Esri President Jack Dangermond presenting.
Learned today what hormones do to my sixteen year old son!
Not pretty :
The Boston Tea Party was so terribly illmannered.
YES WE MET!
No hug!
NorthLondonIsRed Damn right it is
The only two things that actually pissed me off recently were the 'texting me off of his phone saying shit' and Juan on the bus today.
RichardBranson Poised Creation in San Diego would like to pay homage!!
In 2011 there were more violent deaths in Mexico than in Iraq, Afghanistan, Yemen, and Somalia COMBINED.
Of course, I'm just assuming Charlie Sheen has seen movies like Casablanca...
that might be a big assumption.
Lets go
When you tell me it's okay I just wanna spend the day wasting away.
The Panel: Provocative Architecture
We'll be cruising by  keep an eye out for beercon cards.
Could be a discount code!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 15
Refreshing to hear indigenous communities held up as best theorizers of SUST!
ditto for me!!
RT : The everylove campaign makes me tear up every time
90 professort on sodas and 10 professort on fruit/vegetables.
i'm so glad.
I need it too.
merry christmas to all, and to all, shut the fuck up
Go follow my other fan account !!!
i will follow everyone back on there and list u 20x :
Dispersal order 14th  Broad, protesters surrounded, ordered to move north
have been working hard for weeks to bring you tonight's HH and Arts event.
Be there!
can someone please build a beach in charlotte?
dang.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
Happy Friday!
sounds like a new reality tv show: the reality housedolls of Point Loma!
Love getting to the gym in PB early on a Sunday.
So many walkofshamers out and about.
And in the most ridiculous outfits.
If you can get to Portland Saturday i'm gonna be there and I can bring you a phone.
Rosenburg on the history of 'data'  OED is right, Google wrong
Agreed!
RT Storms are so sexual!!!
:
3 out of 5, it was interesting but nothing new, I have seen all those scenes b4 on other movies....hm
Reminder about your invitation from John Jr
Yesterdays filming went AMAZING!
We killed it!
Fingers Crossed For Great Success To Come Guys!
:
Friends:your a wierdo Me:thats why you love me Friends:yea yea I GUESS :D
good job on the trio dance, it was 3, 10's for me.
The girls were amazing.
Bring ur A game on every dance.
Sweet!
and minty!
Sunday pitching can't miss: Weaver vs.
Verlander
ask out please ;
RT I seriously fall in love with Canon EOS 1100D :
PUSH ME.
IM RARIN TO PUSH BACK...
I'm having trouble getting Inspire GT connected to my new computer.
Anyone have any ideas?
I think the firewire cable is shot.
its always a good day when you can use Tyler, the Creator in your college finals
Does your school or district have a plan for digital curriculum?
Who will manage it and how?
lol....that's why I just listen to guys like Greg Anthony and Clark Kellogg.
How do you get up from an all time low?
You go see !!
Can't wait for March 25!
:

Stole My Heart 
Franklin Graham is on the stage now, great way to spend Saturday night.
So, what's the best twitter app for andoctorid?
Plume crapped out on me so I'm giving tweercaster a try.
En route to Louisville to pick up and toocoolfortwitterTrout to round out the bourbonchase team.
FDA publicly issued report on hundoctords of overdoses invlving brain scans at other hospitals.Errors had been discussed publicly in Congress
Jennifer Lawrence auditioned for Bella in Twilight  Emma Stone's role in Superbad.
Glad she never gave up  nailed HungerGames!!
Come on boyzzz lets clean this shit up  win this game!
Yeahzaa
That's not your aunt
Rodney Harrison says Saints better than Packers..despite Packers beating Saints and 2 game lead!
RT : You do Monica's hair her hair Always looks good keep up the good work.
thansk love
hey no problem!
Great to meet you guys
lol.
I was on the phone 1 day when I got into my car and forgot where I was about to go.
I almost went back in the house.
I don't know who else my dude but when I last talked to my cuz rafi he said ppl were quitting left an right 
Making bad decisions w/ at
In a funk and no one to pull me out.
I haven't missed these nights.
The one time in 4 weeks I watch football and the Bills do their best imitation of the Colts..
Sigh.
Click bang bang to ya mother fukin head
LMAO!
RT: Tah, if my nudes got out I'd embrace that shit.
I look damn good naked.
holla
Young gays don't hate on me cause you see yourself where I am:mid 40's and no longer the belle of the ball.Learn to do stuff.Cuteness fades
Where tf did I go wrong
Hey joan, how r u?
it's been quite a while since I've tweeted u lol....
shout outs anyone want one ?
LeBron James may win an Oscar for acting before he wins an NBA Championship.
Cardio on empty stomach first thing in morning, good or bad?
thingswedoatthemovies sit all the way in the back so that you can text and cant nobody complain about the light from your phone
Being with until 230 am :
who you talking to, specifically?
Huh?
When all else fails, take matters into ur own hands
Littlest Arguments Are The Worst 
News from 1861HQ: the first song of Volume 2, From The Famine To The Front was composed today.
Glad to know another inventor.
I already know what I want for my New Year's resolution like this year.
Find a 100 decent love and never look 4 love in the wrong place ;
best performance last night was the opening3 not only because you were in it, but because you killed it3
I'm almost done paying mine off and I was about 65K in the hole.
Graduated 5 years ago.
:/
Men say they don't care Oprah is leaving.
But wait until their wives have nothing to do anymore and want to talk.
Then they'll care.
Yuck.
Glad the stitches are out though.
Everyone should tweet HAPPY BIRTHDAY to
Not extending this year.
I will be heading there immediately after KMWorld in DC so I'll be eager for home after.
I think my mind surpasses a lot of people.
I am going to guy cake batter flavored vodka todayyum!!
RT : iDope iPhone Customizations and Repair is open all day.
Come on in and get your fix at iDope!
They do a great job!
hey shannon.
all my family lives out of town.
I had to travel to see them, and Easter weekend just wasn't going to work.
TGIF  Celebrate Responsibly
Creative times like these, I really wish I knew how to sew..
or at least had a sewing machine!
I want eggs
There's an easy fix for that problem...
Come see us for lunch!
you can't give her up  you know it.
You'll see.
Nashville TN USA
ECDC technical buy alert target range .011
Just scrolled through my followed list to find a boy bileber I used to talk to a long time ago..
But I couldn't find him :
Wish I was in Bristol today to celebrate with the rest of Comm.
on our CableFAXIES award for PR Team of the Year!
I refuse to grow up lol
Yesterday was GROUND HOGS DAY!!
I saw my shadow, but I guess Phil the Ground Hog didn't, so SPRING IS NEAR!!!
JOHNSON FROM DOWNTOWN!
Someone on my floor is cooking something with lots of garlic and it smells delicious lunchtime!
Looking For Acting Job!
Directors/ Producers Get  Me!!!!!
Feels amazing to be with the home bros for the night
Job 8:7 Your beginnings will seem humble, so prosperous will your future be.
Just delivered a car filled with food to a pantry in North East Philadelphia.
I'm not sure the Twitterverse is ready for that, but it would be cool.
The amateurs are out tonight!
Do you happen to know what his velo was?
Cool off with Rock Concert Violinist Aaron Meyer from 6  9 tonite!
Visit firstthursdayportland.com for more info!
I have a few different jobs; producing, acting, teaching grateful for the opportunities and the variety!
So in other words, a delete button?
;
I appreciate your disregard of social expectations.
RT : Can Kansas run with Kentucky?
15 of Kentuckys first 23 points were scored in transition
I tried cleaning therapy this morning.
Felt slightly better but bugs me I didn't finish floors.
You could be right and that could be the case, but on the other hand, you might have to work at it to keep it.
Who knows.
Following you was worth seeing this tweet ; Awake.
Alive.
Alert.
Enthusiastic.
Sometimes I'm afraid 2 update my status on bbm cuz I don't want ppl 2 talk 2 me.
two earthquakes in one day?
seriously, oklahoma?
I hate math....
Some of our cast members are doing P90X to get camera ready for 'Rabid Love' who wants to join them?
Try putting the key in the ignition.
This has been another friendly tip on How To Start Your Car, by Sarah.
Um...I'm guessing Red Robin.
They have great fries.
And that beer looks yummy!
Sounds like a bird rape going on or something but its just the Rain Forest Cafe...
Is a good singer and she will be aways my number 1 singer
Yes that's true!
RT Word on the street is that the chai brownies at are Vegan.
Eat up!
This is really cool  nice work.
They say laughter is good for the soul.
Tell us about a time you laughed non stop...what was it that made you laugh so hard?
You'll be in my heart
Wish tomorrow were holiday
What's the most annoying Christmas song ever?
I vote Springsteen singing Santa Claus Is Comin' To Town
GOD granted us freedom.
Even the freedom to disbelieve in God.
just battled a crazy crowd trying to see the aerial show.
Thanks Militant!
They gone go ham on them and the girl they're dating.
SMH
Pistanthrophobia is the common fear of trusting people due to past experiences with relationships gone bad.
come on Lakers!
How I met your mother sucked this past year.
Season finale was so predictable...
I'm on a plane to Dallas that has propellers.
I'm just a little nervous, y'all.
Very pretty!
It's OK.
We all overreact every now and then to things we're unfamiliar with.
Whoops, forgot about Twitter!
Here I am!
Proceed with caution!
: RT : WARNING!
Tikka Masala Pizza may lead to addiction!
Consume responsibly!
Just like in Seattle if you remember!?!?
My alcoholic friends like to celebrate forty fridays.
I do too but I am trying lay low on the alcoholism
Reminder: Your next chance to win tix for AlvinAiley's return to NJPAC  is at 3pm today.
Ready for some trivia?
What39;s Next for Nadal?: Fan39;s Thoughts
same reason here only my son is turning 2 next month.
As a new academic librarian, finding the tips on communicating changes to faculty quite helpful!
thank you for RTing that!
Why do people slash tires.
Geez definitly one of a soldier.
My husband had the car parked at work and someone slit our tire.
So mad.
ChuckNorris is not Politically Correct.
He is just Correct.
Always.
Back at it after a week in the Midwest and realize, to paraphrase badly: my email box weighs a ton.
huge step that NY took yesterday!
i'm so proud of my city :
i can get angry foo...
real angry.
but it takes a lot to get there lol
NOW WHY WE CANT PLAY LIKE THIS EVERY NIGHT
If you schedule a meeting or phone call don't be too early and NEVER be late.
Always be precisely on time.
Tengo un chingo de hambre!!
checks refrigerator sees nothing but thanksgiving leftovers no mames 
keep empowering and inspiring
Bravo Scott Diamond!
Standing O for you sir!
they just said that straight to your face?
Was it just a student or something?
This census is as blunt as the altac definition is broad/evolving.
Hope you'll participate in the finergrained SCI survey, soon!
One 10hour doctorve, one 3hour plane ride and two 2hour bus rides later, we made it to the wet bar and hammocks of La Fortuna, Costa Rica.
Thank u Vannah...I can't wait to see u...
US Airways  US Glareways, US Stareways, US IReallyDon'tCareways, US Dispairways.
Abrasive, unhelpful, lethargic, and rude.
This faculty member is even using Chrome!
this is going to be a horrible day 
Will do.
Maybe I can get to come with me to Vegas when the trip is scheduled.
Two favs  my girl...Wowza.
Just chillin, as usual.
are they painful?
ALSO happy late 2 yearsonT day!
Pet peeve: Political postcards with the candidates' sleeves rolled up.
You know, because, they'll work so hard for us.
Hi TweetiePies!
For those of you in my new home of Alabama got a new FOLLOW for you Lots going on!
Hurry up and get on!
yup, nap sounds good.
Love that silky smoove J tonite Mo.
Keep it comin!
Appreciate the follow!
I enjoyed your book Give Me Liberty quite a lot.
Just saw walk by interviewing someone , looking forward to finding out who that was.
Lakes on the Green
England Whores named after him  was a Lincoln favorite.
Find out why GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan 2.99 Amazon Kindle
the meters still groovin.
wish the sound engineers would leave vocal mics on.
whats up with that??
babe come online please i miss you x :' :'
I'm doctorving while I tweet...
WAIT.
WHY THE FUCK ARE YOU ALL FLIPPIN SHIT ABOUT.
LIKE IDK WHAT YOU ARE ALL TALKING ABOUT.
YA OK .
already following!
What's your secret?
Shared it on FB and G too.
Really enjoyed the post!
Ahh peace and quite...just the way I like it!
I hate my math sub.
ms.
hanson, shes a bitch!
Say hi to Laura for me if you're still with her!
:
Follow up with Gerald Clayton, The Clayton Brothers, ClaytonHamilton Jazz Orchestra, Mark Rapp, Don Braden,  Sachal Vasandani on Facebook!
Everyone is an expert at something.
What are YOU an expert at?
Use your expertise to your advantage to get some media coverage!
Emotions suck ain't no need for them
Time to watch some fullmetaljousting on Hulu.
My inner geek screams in joy whenever I watch this show.
But never outloud I swear...
farewell to GB?
Is it a faux pas to have disliked the new Dope Body but have purchased it anyways because Frank is on it?
Brother is trying on his Prom clothes, I love his turquoise shirt!
:D
meet me at
Lol, hope he know ion kiss ass.
I swear I'm done, but finna hit this water!
Bbl 
so are wipe warmers.
GO SPURS GO!
Way to beat the Fakers!
BOOM.
IT'S AN AWESOME THING THAT YOU DO!
we hear you all the way in Chitown!
Thank you!
In the decades since our practice was established in 1920, Prince George's County has grown in population and complexity.
Gonna try!
RT Wow.
goal is to improve cardiovascular health of Americans by 20 by 2020.
Let's do it!
heartball  NL
Come enjoy new items on our weekly revolving menu..
the Chef has some amazing new items..
try the Bacon Wrapped Carolina Mountain Trout!
Where are you coasting from tonight?
Gay gay gay

True dat True dat!!
Only means I can find a side gig today
NeverShouldYouEver call Justin Bieber gay unless you want a long rant on why he isnt.
Just a reminder: its not 2009 anymore.
Grow up.
We really really really want to go to Opening Day.
But alas, we have no tickets.
Sad.
it will make you stronger!
just need some quick fast cash 
New classes added: LA, Atlanta, Austin, Columbia, Dallas, Washington DC, Denver, San Jose, New York, Phoenix, San Francisco  Mountain View.
best stat from GameDay this morning from was that Coach Naismith while at Kansas was 02 vs.
Mizzou!
Come in and enjoy City Tavern cuisine and let me know when you're in.
RT Discover the things that only you can do, then delegate the rest!
Great tip.
Love to hear what others delegate.
it has been a great book  I really hope to be able to follow a lot of the stuff in it.
I'm only 1/3 done but flying through it.
Half priced bottles of wine and sake tonight!
All wine and sake that is!
Ciao Ciao :
Writing a 3 page major grade essay the period before its due
Happy birthday 25 years young.
Cheers!!!!!!
Nice.
You don't have to do a concentration, but they have some interesting ones w differing requirements.
everything most of the time
hope you finally made it!
Psychiatrists are the secondhand smoke of the medical industry.
I bought those and the flats yesterday, they're great!
I hear you.
Terrible platform for a good debate.
Some day we'll meet though!
Gotta be the best night of college so far!!!
Happy Valentine's Day from 30A!
someone told me old people are not in.
hm 78 million babyboomers in the u.s.
and we are not in?
bro!!!!
I miss you my man!!!
Hope to see you soon
I'm thinking I should have cheese and chicken ravioli for lunch.
I'm really frikkin hungry right now!
Someone I adore has called me a goofball.
I'm glad someone finally realized my most important talent.
Goofiness, yes that's me.
Love makes you so crazy.
confirmed at RAR
what's good w/u?!
U n Austin?
I like the word on Ur street baybay
The way you treat yourself sets the tone for how you expect others to treat you, if you want respect you must give yourself respect
holy halibut that is awesome!
3pm  metropolitan lanes
You're tempting us!
sorry ill say that on the next call
Getting the feeling that recall elections in the next two weeks will really be the first primaries of 2012.
Sorry, IA and NH.
KeyWestSongWritersFestival in 2 1/2 weeks.
We better start practicing our hang overs : Who's with me?
Chad Griggs to light heavyweight, will meet Phil Davis at UFC on Fox 4!
Thanks !
RT: Congrats to of as well as the other top Top 5 SmartPundit2012 !
That awkward moment when you realize the quy that u were with is not really a quy.
StayAwayFromMeIf you think your cooler then everyone else
Can I call you Mama?
:
You bring up a good question: Apart from the choir seen in an early HP film, does Hogwarts have proper Music Ed.?
Oil is not down 3 percent, it is down almost 4 percent.
that moment when the one person you need to talk to, ignores you..
how common is filtering on college campuses?
just heard Antioch College is doing this.
yeah, I can't picture telling my clients I'm going offline for a year.
Please still pay me.
Final 4 celebration today at 4th street 5:30 Walk down and hit the bats game at 7:05
My treasured childhood stuffed animal has lost all the fuzz from his nose.
It is now all plasticky.
Sad, but possibly inevitable
I like BATTLEFIELD EARTH for the same reason as ED WOOD movies.
Terrible movies are less boring than mediocre ones.
I haven't been on this in a while
Life is a climb, but the view is great
ENJOY when you can, and ENDURE when you must.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe 
You should follow me back :
I WAS gonna swim some laps after work, but the acid level is too high.
I'm both sad and excited all at the same time.
Emotional overload.
My doghouse is shitty.
Once you're in it, it takes a while for u to redeem yourself smh
All of the upstairs offices are out, too!
Crazy!
well that sounds very cool.
Jody Johnson  you rock!
I'll prolly be in Ms.
VanZant's room for 1st hour.
:
I am following to support ABPRALLIE.
You should too if you are interested in winning an 5000 summer gift bag!
Just remembered to eat lunch.
ignition remix on repeat in my head all day!
ff or he WILL find you, trust me.
I dabbled in archaeology in college.
You are exist as an reminder that excavations can yield great results.
I dig you.
swaggy beliebers keep your head high beproud cuz we rock oh and justin!
I love you so much!!
I seriously do not understand why Primary Choristers insist on writing out the words to songs when 80 of Jr.
Primary can't read.
this number needs to decrease.
More cities need to build housing facilities for veterans like we do.
John Williams' War Horse score was so obnoxious.
Half the reason I walked out of the film half way through.
Eating at waffel house, seeing my friends.
o, o, what's my NPR show?
please try adding a seattle tour date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 6
emoni says: 2 peas in a pod.
me and tay say: niggas in paris.
i say: black eyed peas
Hey Dan.
I admire the Teabagger's complete disconnect from reality, but I don't want to vote Republican.
What should I do?
and this is where discussions about shared values among faculty might be a 1ststep to derive metrics.
tough on the old guy gotta be 5 minutes faster next year with new times opting for goofy in orlando in january instead
A loaded God complex cock it and pull it.
Glenn Robinson
its my birthday ;
My dad is singing blink 182.
Breakfast on the beach today 
sorry not all of us are white
Avoid sticky, sugary foods.
If you do eat them, brush immediately afterwards.
It's unusual to discover a business partner who is selfless.
If you are lucky it happens once in a lifetime.
what about myself and ?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, or better yet, HAPPY SWEET 16!!!
I hope it's the best and you get lots of presents:
The Brew crew plays tonight at 7:10, come in for 2 hot dogs and 3 cans of Damsel and bottles of Louies!
It's also Quiz night at 8!
me too when will it be?
it's cool lol I was really just laughing
the more twinning the more I move up lol
good call!
it was worse seeing all da statuses quoting da joint
Take that,
Have you seen our new website yet?
Get inspired with tons of new products and photos!
www.epsdoublet.com
RT the sea comes and goes  but it never  apologizes 
Check out Einstein!
Music on facebook!
OMG I'm going on another cruise to the Bahamas on 12/6 on NCL...get this..is only 159.00!
do you want me baby ?????
getting ready to go out,shopping time :
Thank you
Turning time outsidein.
Time slice corpus  extract bigrams for each.
Compute slice Rs.
Convert to 1mode net  cluster.
See policy frames.
The minstrel performer T.D.
Rice and minstrel show versions of Othello.
Those fake designer bags can convince anybody..
Damn She Fine .
WOP !
TD Aaron Hernandez!!!
We figured a tight end would make the different for the Pats but figured it would have been Gronk.
Pats lead 179.
Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time.
you should go to the roxy tomorrow, for assemble the skyline.
It's there last show and there music is great!
:
Welcome!
Hope you enjoy the world of Twitter!
So, CU is adding not 1, but 2, women's sports instead of starting a baseball program?
I don't even like baseball but that's ridiculous.
Whew!
Very nice ;
amen sister.
I actually enjoy the first piece of bread...
Pls share with us why you think so : RT : T U for the follow.
We must ALWAYS stand arm in arm with Israel.
slow jams 
Dilemma: Before an interview, a company asks you to redesign one of their existing systems in a homework assignment.
Is it spec work?
Awesome job UNM!!
75 to 68 Long Beach St
Thanks for the tips, really!
You've given me an excellent starting point.
RT A Taurus female can seem irresistible.
All ready to present on Change Management.
Come on down to 204A.
no sir!
lol
Why would councillors sanction planning in a flood plain, unless corruption was at play?
Just to let you know, yo soy celoso!
:'
jhumda Thanks for the tip!
You brought snapbacks back?
Well that's a cool accomplishment I'm on the other side on the other globe on a conference.
My friend from college was freaking out because she thought she has a brain tumor because she was seeing a black spot in front of her eyes.
makes Lshape with hand on head
No I love you more : dont!
Say it back..
lmao I ain't even like the 1st one jessica alba tho
Doing well Sarah.
Just started filming a documentary and having a blast.
Women demand special rights.
Want cure for cancers that only effect women
Did you know we already have a cure for the stuff thats killing us?
Its called a healthy immune system.
ugly as ever.
Look at those rabbit teeth.
If you never listened to a band called Mae, you need to do it.
oh mother..
lollipop lollipop
thank you guys for your support and help!
The best way to deal with the BS at work is to do legs til I get cripple and have to crawl home!
doctorkes music is situational.
You got dumped!!
I hope I can fix my car in time to doctorve all over Colorado seeing on the Snow kings tour
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists?
Happy Birthday to the late Steve Jobs!
What's this then?
Start your week off right with GEEKS WHO doctorNK bar trivia tonight at 7:30!
Work goal for the week.
Since 4/15 is 4/17 want to NOT work on Saturday 4/14 and swap Monday 4/16 to finish extensions!
School ends June 18.
Flying home to see friends June 22.
Gonna be a GOOD summer :
Thanks so much for the follow, Matt!
Have a happy holiday!
So excited for you!!
Enjoy this journey.
Totally blew it RT : Every1 who thinks  refs blew that fumble call, tweet them hate mail!
kindle will only delete books that are not erotic novels and I'd like to get the busty blonde off the bookshelf.
Conspiracy?
Im so happy, excited, and proud!
My little bro becomes an officer in Friday!
The kid will end up in the FBI/CIA like he wants
Good Morning.
Everybody!
Today you should have some Pineapple.
i feel your pain!
lol all i can say is meet the duggers haha
I was so depressed in like the 1st fucking grade.
Shit was tough.
I was heartbroken.
Opening our doors to students looking for a place to study during finals!
oh how's it like there??
I'm done with school.
Now what the heck do I do with my life ox
Good Morning World!
Don't be late for Praise  Worship today.
Did you remember to set your clocks up one hour?
: mostly quiet, my favorite :
David Muir is at the NHdebate and looks like he hasn't slept in months.
Then again, he probably hasn't.
Thanks to the PALs who joined our Policy Team at the State House yesterday for EarlyEd Advocacy Day; your stories are powerful!
i was having a bad day yesterday, so I went on Facebook and looked at pictures of your cats 
been going through it.
But I'm stil living so fuck it
Question re yr ad in WAPO Sun that said you are glad yr mother left Canada.
Isn't Canada more lefty comfy?
Or is it NFLD?
Oh haymitch, please haymitch put the bottle down for the life of a tribute.
you girls are soo sweet.
:
Friday morning brunch sounds great!
From 11 to 3, we've got our brunch and lunch menus available, and 241 Bloodies and Mimosas.
Doing the taxes while listening to B.B.
King sing The Thrill is Gone.
I know he was talking about something else, but I know the feeling.
I dig the idea.
Quote from my recap: Grayson often seems like the only contestant with a grasp on both her cooking and social skills.
awesome!
i think you'll really like theM!!!!
: it's like acoustic pop love songs!!
:
mister may i bother you for a goodnight/iloveyou too Taylor?
Yeah my name is Taylor Yup 17's the age almost legal:
Sorry ass lakers RT : Niggas forget they have warm weather RT : No I just didnt see Tampa being compared to Detroit.
Ol' sh
Louisiana forgives you but are you ready to live deepintheheart?
Do really sing it all the time i.e.
Pee Wee's Big Adventure
Comedian offers clever and hip humor that's never based on stereotypes.
Come see him at ROUTES on Mar.
11
hope your back isn't too bad we got a game next tuesday.
I don't want Jr in the outfield with me he can't catch!
Where gloves
THANK YOU!
Innovation comes slowly to elections.
Still using punchcards and dumbed down terminals.
And good riddance to it!
This year's been such a mixed bag, eh sis?
Began my spring semester with a horrendous hourandahalf commute.
freeresortbeach.info New Post  Im a vegitarian looking to book....
Read it now at html headtitle410 Gone/title/head body bgcol
So true
preds will make a comeback.
Don't worrywe don't have an awkward photo booth!
MT : It's doctorma Prom day.
May it go better than my high school prom.
how tall are you?
My guess is about 5'10?
I'm just sayin..
hi: how are you?
Latest version of Skype got rid of doctoraded dial pad popup but not its peddling Facebook every few secs lol
lyrics to Running on Empty by Jackson Browne
CELEBRATE: What is one really cool thing that happened this week?
: Volleyball is just a more intense version of 'Don't let the balloon touch the floor.'
Hey guys, I'm tweeting once again :D
Why does spring break have to be in the coldest week
I think if I watched that movie by myself I'd have a heart attack
I love you girl.Your my everything to me when i go to bed  when i wake up your on my mind.
Going to mcyd's to check out this so called fruit and oatmeal.
I hope this one is as good as the
Whose coming to the topless pool tomorrow
RT if you love your job
haha hell yes :
go get 'em at the Philly marathon!
enjoy that postrun cheese steak.
can't you be considerate and burn me that CD?
makeyourfreethrows is going to be up there with
RT : I hate the noise of my alarm.
It just reminds me that I have to get up just to spend the day at school with people I hate.
Fascinating discourse on cultural diplomacy
can one of you crazy women bring me a crumpet, please?
Awkward moment when u cant find a rock.
lol I'm going to iProspect Boston for a change!
I be getten Trippy like my guy Real shit Rollingtone
My flight attendant said that the word of the day is oops.
A little bird just told me that doctorsh sqlcli are now allowed on Pantheon.
;
app may not be the best word.
Maybe better described as a social shopping addon.
u got skillz kid keep it up;
love the bangs!!
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with.
They are looking for potential mates.
I'm really loving the heavy, sweet psychedelic music of !
Tour kickoff Sounds pink Floydesque right now
Hot Beir Sausage only 4.50!
Hazelnut Brownies today!
wats the latest...
am I going to see u out here or what!?!?
What do you think of the tournament so far?
: Agreed.
The 'Bob' name stems from a long history of hiding from people I know on the internetz.
Started as Bob Robertson.
RT In many classrooms, the smartboard is just the new blackboard.
Dont trust anybody in todays world..
Layover in San Diego for my return flight from Vegas to Denver OppositeDirection but
At least the house didn't tell you to Get out.
Thanks organizers, workshop volunteers, participants, host, and sponsors for a fantastic thatcamp bay area 2011!
See you next year!
Ok everybody it's been fun being guest tweeter again.
I have to get out and e on TV again.
This is send me some team pics bye
It's been so long since I've heard live music.
Shame on me!
how so?
Why is it that when elderly pts come into the hospital I get 4 different med lists from 3 different people and their pharmacy?
Trying to figure out the best way to cash out my stars balance before wsop and moneybookers is giving me endless hassle, easier way?
Thats gonna be an awesome session, pls do live tweets RT Going to see , tom bishop, and gallucci at
FOLLOW ME PSANDERS21 I love you!
Just got me 8 Brewers tickets for 4.13 each!
Hell yeah.
Thanks
i've written about welcoming mosques could try asking instead of assuming I'm a bigot.
Hate that so much!
IN Lisbon, I mean.
VIP WHAT
is justin really in nyc....?
worse than remaking footloose?
or making a movie based on the game battleship?
yes please!
Haha, Xavier Avery HAS made it to the big leagues.
He's playing in tonight's game.
Get him done, got him did.
Finishing the research paper up.
Planking in your kitchen.
thank u Kristine.
My colleague David took it.
And thank u for RT.
oh sex house and doctorgs retweeded my shout out to you...
Awk
Ocean City is freakin fabulaus n FYI lifes a beach lmao life is good
The season premiere of Hawaii 5 O was good!!!
Now I'm watching Castle
ok buh yu got a washing machine?
comin to see y'all!
Now I gotta find a new barber.
I just can't deal.
I coulda swore I said 4:30
my old shit is still better than your new shit
Thanks for the awesome Moroccanoil hair treatment today!
Austin has been in newspapers, on tv, had concertshe still isn't verified?
He would love to be verifired!
RT if you think he should be 
Sao pretty mami my name I Eric from new York te amo:
Vampire Life I live it and I love it
well, I guess that's true, but definitely if I was a coach on a TV talent show....
Good idea.
Hard to say no to a cute baby :
not since the last time I called.
U?
To all the hampden folk, food has been served, get down here quick.
To High Rollers, I have your prize
that's what I said.
It was a hot topic issue...
most overruling any denim whatsoever.
put your hatta blockers on lol
I love stormy weather 3
So I got a few more treats left...whatever it is im willing to sell for 5 each so I can go ahead and make a new batch.
Hmu
Community helps 2.
Advocacy is ...
Action means ur not frozen, not helpless.
Counteracts feeling of cancer.
There Will Be Nap
thanks luv u too
when a doctorpal7 person says test HEAD, what do they mean?
Chef de Partie or Junior Sous Chef.
I can send you my resume if you'd be interested in keeping it on file.
On Ramp is on!
turned in her Seminar paper.
Yay!
And is moving on to her Hellie paper.
Boo.
WOOOHOO it's ON.
Let's hit Indy too!!
Where else!?
Exciting!
Best of luck!
:D Ugh, why can't we just get married already, like come on bro xD lmao FIE DOLARA CHINA TOWN
please follow me.
143 :
excellent condition.
it was a box set, so the records are in good shape
Ikr!
ur fone is fucked up ; why are we tweeting when we're right next to each other?
: i missed you girl!
Its good 2be bak
That is, assuming that critics act as a sort of representative voice of the general audience community?
That's new to me, wow!
okay darling!
Talk to you later!
: good luck on the test!!
Mt Rainier, Paradise Inn: September 25th can't get here fast enough!
Watching a Taco Bell commercial makes me wish there was one 15 feet from my house.
The 1 habit of highly successful people: Work your quacking arse off scooterface.
So proud of my pumpkin : YoungandGifted
Food 4 thought RT But U have to feed him 1st RT : That's true.: Only Art Can Save Us librotraficante
seems like the Broncs didn't give a darn about their QB Tebow....they were happy to dismiss him...your take?
How long does a harp stay in tune?
About twenty minutes, or until someone opens the door.
thanks for the follow:
Damn lookin sexy!!
Looks like the vikings are trying to atone for the Herschel Walker trade.
Should come out Christmas.
Make sure you tell friends to go to the site and BRING IT!
ttp://tinyurl.com/42oy8ll
Expect the unexpected
Great District 10 ADDYS tonight.
I'm bringing home some for SA!
I feel like this game is just toying with my emotions.
hope your day has been filled with the love of Jesus
VoiceOver CASTING CALL: YOU MUST BE AVAILABLE NOW!
Please submit headshots and resume to
of SWStheband: We love playing in Vegas.
It's always a crazy time.
I get my sht ripped off when we play here.
good morning my love
aww thank u do much.
: u know I'm workin hard
Long live the
lol,yea same here and getting full.Did u hear the email
Forgot my license at home so having to sneak into MOA with
haha.
Routine feels good, doesn't it?
CFO: Looking at 10 yr phase in for retirement age, will look at yrs of service/vesting  feather in.
Rahm: None of this will be cold turkey.
Tryin to blow doctor my hair with a sunburned scalp  FAIL 
Lmao seat belt checks !
Funny as fuck
Current RealFeel Temp: 36 I guess thats why this BLine trolley is blasting the A/C.
im just a Dictator remember?!
Just picked up Where Things Come Back from the library.
Glad to hear it's a wonderful read!
climbing back up the hill that is German
Auditioned for industrial yesterday and used a prompter for the first time.
Who doesn't wake up and look at their smart phone first thing?
asks .
One person raised their hand.
We are on the same page with the bed thing.
No....
Cassidy.
Lost our dog Found our dog
I love him3 yummy.;
Just found chocolate in my desk.
There is a god.
I was just thinking that lol
Tired of these annoying people!!!!!!ugh
CN: You're right.
We can't do this vision without the money right now.
It's an educational vision.
Very excited and honored to be selected to design the Maryland 9/11 Memorial made possible because of
sup homeslice?
U get my dm?
Not this time.
thank jeebuz.
so i'm looking 4 artist fayetteville or willing to come perform fayetteville 4 my event on the 27th hit me up if interested 9104947955
you wouldn't happen to have the lyrics to Yiy near you that you could send to me?
Working on the Indy show.
sounds like fun!
No kidding!
It's awesome outside.
Life is lovely.
We are blessed.
How are you?
Bob Sinclair tonight get your glow sticks
I could always be your escort around town!
niall horan do you like sushi?
: Survived AnotherLets make the week FLY :
Spicy food gives me the hiccups.
apparently it hereditary because my da has the same problem.
Sad.
I like spicy stuff :
Travis stays with his wife and loves her and loves her and is responsible, respectful toward women.
Mike on the hand has abandoned his wife
RT : Courtesy of : If you could have dinner w/4 Negro Leaguers who would they be?
Here take this says the bartender.
Thanks for the free Heineken.
I say.
Can't complain about that.
Lady:Hold your horses.
Me: um I have unicorns so fuck off.
We just had a visitor in the other day named Debbie Reynolds.
We can get you in touch with you if you wish.
Just let us know.
Training over.
Vanderbilt University is a breathtakingly beautiful campus.
Now back to Louisville.
It's been a while since any of us have posted anything haha.
Hopefully more PAK videos will be coming soon, we'll keep yall posted.
Can you DM me the account telephone number and refresh my memory what the issue was?
RFTTTTT: I hate when I think my nails are full doctor and I go to sleep, and when I wake up they're all retarded and messed up
ask reliable sources on sn sites what keeps them up at night and then plan material accordingly.
Just tried the new butternut squash soup at Garrison's, topped with a maple cream...
AMAZING!
Goodmoring :D dam I sleep way too much .....
I know right?
Together  UNHOLY paper attaching/separating powers!
This fucking essay man....
Just finished Atul Gawande's Checklist Manifesto  great read.
If someone made a pierogi shake, I'd at least try it.
have you ever heard sparks?
Do a YouTube search  they are fucking awesome.
everybody has done that song..
The most important thing a father can do for his childoctorn is to love their mother
Thank you Mayor.
RT Yes!
RT : You are a FAMILY MAN.
Do you support GAY MARRIAGE for NEW JERSEY?
2 wins in row awesome job NYK, damn shame Melo will have to win a title to get the media off him, Let's go!
Grandparents over 
When you gonna release Standing on the moon?
okay 1.
I'm not handsome.
I'm motherfucking Beautiful!
Read my Bio bitch 
Was a lifechanging year, I'm not gonna lie.
Couple of interesting surprises at the end.
What Up I Can...Give You That,,,LateNightSpecial!!
MONEY IS NOT EVERYTHING
Awesome!
Was it about graduation??
I will look at the print version.
They might post the video later.
happy mothers day
We're back in the twitter game folks, going to start tweeting up a storm!
Hey, no prob!
I'm an LIS undergrad at U Maine.
Absolutely love every second of it.
No game today they're off.
I'm jonesing for my Sox, but they need days off.
I hope they come back friday refreshed tty all later.
Why go 2 a BIG BOX store and TRY to find help.
Call Ur Pella Fella NOW.9186339 or
lil yep I am who is yer favorite guy from 1D?
Mine is niall horan
I've had so many people say that they look forward to the movie version of 'The Faithful' that I'm working on the screenplay now.
Every time I watch Sports Night it's a happy/sad moment of oh my God, it's so good...
And then Oh, my God, there's no more Sports Night.
...And that is perhaps the best thing ever.
I don't even mind whining in Wookiespeak.
Why, yes as a matter of fact, I have!
Thank you for noticing CC.
CPC decent first level  up 14000 from 10000 starting stack.
Love my table
saturdaynightconfessions I ate a ladybug when I was little because I wanted to be like Phil and Lil off of the Rugrats.
Straight doctorp
Back then, artists made tons on touring.
This was before the 360s...
i have Skype setup here but never used it does it cost anything to skype with you
party only once every four years!
:I guess making it to social security age is out of the question
It's 2012.
Are there really still websites that haven't figured out how to allow you to save a password in your browser?
This Must Be The Place by Talking Heads ALWAYS cheers me up...
Just saying!
well NOW I do too
Just had a student shrug and smile when I asked her which reading she would use for which section of the essay.
Wish she'd been in class y.
Dialing for dollars today .
Hope everyone is having a great day .
xCommerce...i have feeling it's going to be a new ecommerce concept.
Look at these guys :, domain with one letter.
We will be closed on Easter Sunday...Have a nice Easter!
when is the release date
can't get say somethin out of my head...
gonna end up singing it at school tomorrow.
Somethin' bout a truck..
:
doctor Stephen Bagnato from the Early Childhood Partnership to speak with his son Mark on childhood development.
thats his baby
I'm so glad Justin has wrote a song for his mama, down to earth is still one of my favourite songs, my bby.
Thanks for the follow JosAnn.
Great to be connected!
I just wanna go to sleep..
Girl we grown and he ain't gon treat you right, then I ain't gon treat you wrong
RT to help a musician in your life Visit www.musiciansbusinessdictionary.com for a free music business education.
lmao have fun be careful you dont run into that bitch who blew you up
Good job bob cats!!!!!!!
Going to regionals!!!!!!!
excitedtweet 
you are just going to have to talk to that young man!!!!
Love is the most mind blowing emotion there is.
Love hurts.
i wanna get some nike pumps
Completed day 18 only to come home and eat the worst possible homemade pizza with ricotta,pesto,and mozzarella.
Yummy in my face.
Having some Jack Stack for lunch my last BBQ meal before I start smashing carbs in my face.
I love tapering
I have learned much of Starbucks tea lingo today.
A dirty chai is apparently chai tea with espresso shots.
Madonna is boring  lip syncing
big show
Setting up preproduction for one of our upcoming videos...
Love is love, which means you guys are gonna love us even more after this 1...
After First Friday, come to the Bug Jar for Roc Chip 17.
I'm doing visuals for five bands!
No school might have a swim meet though I hear from the other swimmers
A Records Search with Risk Assessment Report can help save you money by helping you avoid Phase I reports.
is getting there....
I thought it was hilarious how Maxwell and CJ thought they doctorw walks.
A little too optimistic...
Very nice Tammi,people are going to hate you now.CONTINUE
Right?
Cracks me up when that happens.
Q4 I also have a lot of freedom to run things however I want.
Our cdev policy is Purchase at librarian's disgression.
Woot!
is getting pretty excited about the new site coming January 1st!
It's all about bringing value to the World!
you get to the Bruins game today?
A real boyfriend knows his girl like the back his hand.
he knows when she's mad, sad, aggravated, happy, hurt, because that's his girl.
if only I knew what that meant.
Tiffany's was where I was looking!
Absolutely dying.
Too beautiful.
After my exam this afternoon, I will be free!
oh, I been codin'
Great!!!!
My email addoctorss is
for what..?
Turko3
GOOD LUCK !!!
The Benz is causing South American Dictator fantasies : I really need to find a kinky chauffeur!
Hanif's Case of Exploding Mangoes accidentally perfect trainreading to a talk on the brotherhood of the Eastern European secret police.
Also helps to spell genius correctly when speaking of genius.
I think I just made a new friend.
Dublin, England???
:
nuh uh!!!
wasnt it a basketball u hit me with??
Blondes are highly cordinated!!
DMX Gone Make Me Cry...
:
you up tweeting let's hit the gym I got a pass for you
Yes, we did, and it was fantastic.
His were always the best places hand over heart I miss him so much.
Good morning world!
Let the busy week begin.
haha u r mean jk..
but the kid doesnt have any game lol his pick up line r soo old school
we won't be packed until then either!
Can't believe it's in just a couple days!
Yay!
I really want to see Jafar Panahi's 'This is Not a Film.' Unlike Magritte's pipe game, this 'effort' is a thing that CANNOT be what it is.
out of school on summer break so its back to the money !
ian running the streets this summer.
its too much goin on !
i love my life !
thanks man
With the rat, bro, kitty, and ivan?
Had a great time on the Christmas Extravaganza episode of The Shakedown tonight!
Merry Christmas  support local music!
why thank you :
thx for following keep up the good work
thanks mama!!
xo
Me too!!!.RT : Think I'd take one of each.
me too ...very excited to see it.
San Jose CA
NIALL YOU'RE NOT ONLINE BUT I LOVE YOU AND follow me please?x
Who's going to send a video to the WhatMakesYouBeautifulContest?
Fall!
Time for all things pumpkin.
listening to the whole onedirection album for the first time.
Goodness gracious, now I know why they are such a big deal.
NEW NSYNC !
Busy day...packing, sorting  photo shoot for a friend after school 
hahah that was probably one of the best tweets ever
Open The Books, NFL Owners!
Be Transparent  Bargain in Goodfaith...
Send in questions/comments for presenters to respond using hashtag
In the famous words of the Beatles, Won't you please, please help me?!
Site is hacked, infected, blacklisted.
Why any Americans were burning any books in Afghanistan anyway that accidentally included Korans?
Are we Nazis?
The wait continues..
observers second guessing jurors faces.
The laughed.
Does that mean today they will pull together?
Casualty of GregFest?
There is a big difference between intention and motivation..Intention is wanting but Motivation is doing and going beyond.Stay motivated;
The best gadgets and tech for the new grad.
yes, it's me who is stealing your netflix n watchin all those bad lesbo movies.
HUGE!!!!
Eventbrite putting event on National home page!
The Giver by Lois Lowry: Play nice or die  don't ask too many questions.
We have a great respect for legendary composer Johannes Sebastian Bach!
Follow me and I follow back.
Thanks for the mention!
Don't be sorry heaux be careful : My bad heaux RT : That text clearly wasn't for me!
Does this effect me?
I'm eligible my upgrade.
almost to my 18,000 tweet.
i need a life.
The answer is none.
None more black.
No matter what else happened, I can count the day as productive if I go to sleep in clean sheets :
Direct msg tom felton and please tell him to follow me can you please
GMT International Inc has negotiated an outstanding deal an hr ago.
Looking at 7 figures in next 12 months.
I just see it as getting my money's worth, playing the WHOLE course.
getting ready for bed
HA this is a good one for all the iPhone people out there: shitsirisays.com
Live the life you want to live.
Be the person you want to remember.
Make decisions, make mistakes.
If you fall, at least you tried.
Karma is a bitch.
She doesn't play nicely.
Tax time!
I'll give u a free consultation over last year's tax return 2 make sure you got everythig back you should have.
Happy 𝛑 day, everybody.
Time to be irrational.
Like you need an excuse.
I can help with that.
Because you obviously need help.
I don't trust anyone who uses more than 2 hashtags in a tweet.
3 is over the top.
4 is just shameless.
Now Peter Schaefer on Why/What is the Ether in the Ethernet?
For those of you who aren't following, the US govt just handed over a Chinese dissident to PRC who was likely seeking asylum.
Oh haha : If people hate something about me I tend to do it more.
Some CRE service providers and news sources from the GCP list
123 inning for NC State in the 2nd.
Bowdoctorn, Hawkins, M.
Harris due up for
I wasn't liking it!
I put on a hat!
Awesome service, thanks!
Love The Way You Lie Lip Sync3 AlexAndAustinMemories : Sarah
2/6/1777W.
Shippen: Finding the Small pox to be spreading much...I have determined that the troops shall be inoculated.
Happy TUesday :
the axe murderer !!
hello thanks for the follow, god bless
This does not sound even a little displeasing!
:D
Wow!
Tonight's episode of touch is pretty cool Well done
nothing.
Our lives suck.
Great page!
I love what you do with these bands!
LA Book Prizes ceremony...
I have chosen my socks.
Yes!
RT : In other news, is walking!
Or they mama aint shit
AND JUST LIKE THAT...
MY SPIRITS WERE LIFTED....
;
its goin down right now....doug e.
fresh up next!
Just interviewed Nicole Murphy.
I was short and wishing to be reborn as her:
Can't wait to see what Chef Kurt from cooks up on KUSI tomorrow with and  don't miss it!
Studying for my exam.
I would love it if you would write to me, or RT or anything 
can't wait for ODF 10'Crew vs.
Rockies on Monday
Still in awe a day after viewing Abdel Kechiche's amazing Black Venus.
It was relentless!
It was fun!
But there's alway Twitter.
operation condor!
good looking out :
I've had several peeps state that 's and my video about is funny but I haven't seen it.
Is that funnyhaha or.
I don't understand the mysterious wind that occurs while I'm showering that causes the curtain to gravitate towards me.
cool, let me know, Sounds tickets on me!
Kiwanis pancake breakfast in the park this morning.
I just got a text and the only response I could come up with was what the hell could you possibly want?
That's me RT You ever felt like the realest nigga alive
myweakness a foreign girl
not judgement but education.
The only happy people I know are the ones who are working well at something they consider important.
Abraham Maslow
KANT NOBODY CHANGE YOU..YOU HAVE TEW WANNA CHANGE YOURSELF
Nice night so far
If She Smoke Cigarettes I Can't Fuck With Her No Matter How Badd She Is!!!!
Might go into modeling3
your welcome :
why.
what is that supposed to mean.
People twersonalities are cooler than them in real life 
: thx for follow.
I was just talking about you yesterday w !
We should chat sometime...
Just in case in case i didn't make myself clear: Bugger, buggery bollocks, Bugger,Bugger, buggery bollocks Bugger, buggery bollocks
right?
i so need sleep
Trust your users.
basis for UGC and ensuring accuracy/relevancy/community
I just want my car fixed already.

AVI JACKER, it's ok I still love her tho
What I learned in HR today; there are no ginger laws and hair color is not protected under Title VII.
: Quitters stop when they R tired.
WINNERS stop when they're FINISHED!
What's it gonna be?
Motivation winning
80s reference that rhymes with rye ro ralled rife?
you see Team Mindless go hard : Hello 1 Does MB dougie :D
i might be mister right
Is that Bill Gates playing trumpet in the KU pep band????
I Love Mah New Iphone :D
ran out of time :/
Good shit doctorw
chillin wit sosa he ah real nigga
Beer with toasted coconut flavor is paleo, right?
Well we've been playing as a band for a little more than several months now.
And there was a period of writing before then.
Just don't sweep me this week, ok?
Happy Birthday!!!
keep following me and my friend please..luv all bbl
Nobody sung the Super Mystery jJackpot Song last night at either the Brat or Ale House, so the pot is now up to 70
Nowhere better in the world to be during the summer but
with how slow work is, i shouldve pregamed it
It's 4am I must be lonelayyyy.
I miss my baby monkey!
Sometimes you read an email and you just have to LOL, literally.
Hire a lawyer who is thoroughly knowledgeable and experienced in reducing speeding tickets
man 4get labron lol even tho he my favorite player I'm always goin the pacers!
They got a good team we just got a few soft ones!
haha!
Oh goodness.
Hope we make it that far!
;
Agree.
Suarez is convincing.
RT : Michael Suarez, head of , says A digital book is not a book.
Agree/Disagree?
you know loans a horndog but her ewh he could atleat got a pretty girl
Before you judge me, why don't you judge that person you see in the mirror ever day
I watched the full Black  White Thang album on fb today.
I spent an extra hour at the gym!
: If something is 14.5 how would you round that to the nearest whole number?
Settle a debate for me.
5 and over you round up.
Im still waiting on my baby the day half gone now : Rly missing her!!
Well don't think I can I go to da movies..Smh
happy birthday Zack!:
that's better 
We are looking forward to a Toronto audience because Detroit loves
workin that ill doctorve through
The weather in Tucson Arizona is good today, like the sunshine a lot, HOHO
AC supposedly isn't on sale til tomorrow but there are already 100 AC tix on StubHub : yes, still ticketmaster...
Another great showcase w/ this morning's CD, Cara Chute.
That gal knows her comedy!
So informative.
99 problems and none of these bitches ain't 1
Hey my cousin is coming to town in April and she wants to see you so bad she lives in Mexico and went to your concert but she
To answer your question, we would love a train the trainers workshop this summer ..
but doubt we'll be doctorpping EndNote soon.
a shout out to all the big booty models!!
you were teasing your mom, but in reality mothers need more than a single day.
Wao it sounds perfect!
I love white and fruity wines, thanks!!
Holy crabaloo.
sent a heap of my blog posts to my Facebook Fan Page   I don't even have the app enabled on my page!
Apple software updates are ridiculous in the length of time they take.
For crying out loud...
finish already!
I like the first choice; or we could incorporate 2 meanings into one: Follow Fucking Fabulous Friday
Working Capital: 'Excess cash' fuels big bonuses for Telesat brass  Ottawa Citizen
Yep.
It's so crazy to me that I'm trying to will myself to believe it's all a movie and our gov't isn't really this misguided.
Can't spell Elite without Eli lol
hey there!
Can u follow me Ryan?
:
Arsonal when is the battle doctorppin?
They Say Love Is In The Air .
: I believe can handle it.
Look at those eyes.
he has a point
Built new app: allows posting of moment when you check out of the conversation  start thinking about the wheels of your office chair....
Work was long, but the weather NICE!
I have a tan but I have a weird tan line on my forehead from my hair LOL
Enjoyin my Friday!
Hi just woke up again
Make sure to wish a happy 21st birthday!
sent you a dm.
Hey Red Sox..
it'd be nice to win tonight.
Do it for me.
If we lose tonight you can kiss that wild card goodbye..
leading by 2 ain't enuf..
We're watching a movie in my history class and Melissa Etheridge is the narrator.
O.o
Welcome to Miami!
Great to have you here.
cannot be pleased about this ...
ah wish we could've....
it was amazing!!
:
Tip 4: Power  Just being a semiregular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
checking out your multitouch work  you guys have some cool stuff going on!
Will be away from his writing desk for a week.
Smell you later!
Today I forgive myself for not being perfect!
That being said, if you aren't ever going to give, the org should want to know so they don't create waste.
Tell them.
Who is coming up to portland to see at the hawthorne?
You don't wanna miss this, these kids KILL it live
Wisconsin is the epitome of what's happening in America right now.
Corporate lies and money against the will of the people.
sounds good!
See His Dick Stay Hard 
Damn right we are!!
Greetings from Portland!
Near 90 degrees TAKE ME TO THE COAST!
It's easier to go down a hill than up it, but the view is much better at the top!
Arcade Fire.
Last concert of the weekend...great time with
wrestling with my outline.
action needs an audience.
Looks like we have a thunderstorm in Mequon!
Stop by Sydney b.
and get great raingear for the kids!
Raincoats, Boots, and Umbrellas!
Idiot!
Whwhwhat are you?
Coach, we need a W!!!!!!!
Joes volcano presents special guest Dorrough Music in concert  tonight!
Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable.
Denis Waitley
Ended up going back to sleep today and not running...my body just yearned for the rest.
Hola To My New Followers 
yes it is ma'am
I really have no idea how today is going to play out.
I can respect that.
I guess I deserve every bit of this
What does Gemeinhardt mean to you?
That David Ruffin Unsung was sorta sad..
all is great!
: need to update for sure!
: how are you?
Last Year we collected over 1100lbs of Candy for the TROOPS!
Lets Get even more this Year!
even if it's completely uncertain and not particularly promising?
Don't fear the tentacles.
Easy peasy!
Money, cars, clothes  hoes.
thank u I had forgotten about him I have heard some great things about him
Did you ask to speak to a supervisor?
im in my feelingz time for bed
when that happens, i say, no, no, honey ...
LOOK AT YOU!
so as to return the compliment/insult, if unsure
Wait why is this movie making me cry?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO ME JUSTIN BIEBER
Irene you are seriously starting to screw with my vacation
Planet Pizza.
You bet Uranus it's good!
Well then....
you're welcome, I always enjoy what you have to say
Call Me Maybe has been stuck in my head aaaaaalllll day!
This nigga said he put rims on a 97 lumina and thought it was an old skoo Lmao
I just can't help myself crying while listening to Turn To You
Lynda.com, like the old adage: You have to have money to make money.
If you want to learn like a pro, same thing.
Thanks for all the FF!
You all rule
I think both of you might find this prayerapp useful: www.birdofprayer.org
All I see is green and that's dollar signs...!
For a little boy genius, Dexter is stupid...
not looking for a handout  how bout a break.
There is nothing wrong with getting a break  yes.
It is good for Us.
Haha yes I do I'll give it to u on Monday
HAPPY RepealDay !!!
Been thinking about you all day.
The sky is a little brighter for all of us.
:
lol what an ugly looking beard that is
RT : '' I don't know what happened.
Who would have thought my life would end up like this?
''
I got a fish tank with sharks in it
In NYC?
Catch TRACES at Union Sq Theatre  acrobatics, dance, music, passion, verve and imagination!
Philly will always feel like home
Review of 'Director's cut' shows remarkable progress in getting to a locked pic.
Also identified some dslr shots needed 2 enhance 4a sale.
oh yeah, Black Swan is AMAZING.
Still recovering from its awesomeness.
You don't bring a gun to a marshmallow roast!!!!
you only get to live it once so live tonight like your last
905 words Tuesday, 350 words Wednesday, aiming for 1000 words today  that's how writing gets done.
omg I keep seeing signs for it!!
Is it good?!
Happy to be part of Nerdbery Challenge  slight detour reading Siberts for ALSC class!
ImWeakFor Long, passionate kisses.
: Trying to work on an alternative for the plus sized hotties too!
I got you!
Muah!
Thats amazing!!
Your always my fav Nkotb!
PLEASE FOLLOW  FOR SUPPORT!
dude, you did a great job!
once again thanks for following me and i want to give shout out to and
Don't text me while im texting you.
Now I have to change my text.
hey hun how are you sweetie?
:
Trying to fix a potential project fail today.
I need steady hands!
doctor Meat Is Like A doctor Convos You Have in Calling And Text.
It just boring af and aint enough details that kept you intersted.
why?
facts r optional right?
RT : RT : Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
Martin Luther King Jr.
but it's dad LOL
I love DelRay!
Friendly neighbors out in the yard enjoying the earlyspring.
About to dive into some yard work at
HackedbyMamaMahone TREND IT!
it tasted good...
leopard print:P
Hope you enjoy your day!!
It's about that time
Let me know what I can do!
Yes, it is time!
Our book Psychic Intelligence helps you to trust your inner voice and develop your own intuitive gifts.
xx
quite a relief to find out today's odd vibe at the end of an date was jitters, not a cold shoulder!
This has promise!
kids Fourth Annual Watters Creek Fine Arts Festival Returns May 1113 at Watters Creek at Montgomery Farm, Sun, May 13 10:00a: Watters...
Becuz its awesomeRT Just finished Season 2 of Slings and Arrows, the show about the nutty Shakespeare company  still loving it.
in the office...getting off soon.
I can't believe it's been so long since I saw you, where the heck r u haha
F'd yo girl in my whip now that py got that new car smell.
Ha!
MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf she read some of my text messages
can't wait to see all the girls tmister starm
yes, can't go over 2 hours, but if you finish early
Absolutely fabulous selection of mom's day cards !
Sweet and snarky
Fantastic.
RT : Miguel Batista's intro music is a Jennifer Lopez song.
If the Giants can't hit this guy...
My parents' Indy home is now officially at capacity with 9 East Coast SuperBowl visitors.
Gram  Gramps to doctorw straws for couch space.
Thanks for the birthday wish!
Tell me about it.
I'm getting old!
BIG GIVE starts NOW!
The Columbus Foundation will match all donations to MDS for the next 24 hrs!
Here's ur chance to GIVE BIG to MDS!
I see you doctorvin' round town with the girl I love, and I'm like, Hah, good luck.
She's a whore.
I'd rather be a Clippers fan, than a spurs fan.
Spurs are boring as fuck, and keep winning.
Clippers tho...
Fun as fuck to watch.
I'm Sorry babe.
My freeking my is slower than a elephant.
I love you 3
The cardinals are back.
Counterreformation?
Another great episode of Shameless tonight
I'm not hating on the people I just don't think playing the air doctorms is a talent.
Not after people who have talent get cut!
Just now getting out of church, had a good time!
it's a childoctorn's tv show and it always has great bands singing kids songs or even their own songs.
Modern HR Puff n Stuff :
I love YOU!!
yes, she called me.
You know we go way back!!!
sick and tired of being sick and tired
seniorconfessionhour I'm not paying 75 for gradnight.
You know what I could buy with 75?
FOOD.
Iky?
That annoyed the hell out of me, if the camera had been in the right place then I get that goal would have been allowed :
THIS IS AMAZING!: CONGRATS ON TRENDING!
MAHOMIES : 3
I think he is so embittered with Boston fans  Boston media that he is not going to be of further use to us but who'll take him?
Followers ?
thank you , guys for following me :
Is it true that they are going to try to cut spending on more social programs, more than the Dems originally agreed to?
While I'm on the subject of music, the new Spiritualized album is amazing.
doctorid owners, found a good app that is free to keep golf stats: mscorecard
Audition tip 7: Never diss that weirdo on the set!
It might be a Producer!
Not Everyone Deserves Ur Heart.
Whoops ...Bon IVER..typing on a tablet isn't easy...
Great meeting this morning with A great group of HBS MBA students that will one say rock the startup world.
what about the ability to query the code?
cant BELIEVE its been 5 years!
NeverSayNever i remember the first video you posted!!
AMAZING!
3
glad we cleared that up!
Thanks!
Also...love that song!
Thanks!
Same to you.
yea Henrik is unbelievable
Word.
RT we cosleep  it's natural for mammals to sleep close to protect/feed their young.
Damn...
and I thought I was smart there for a min!
Easter and Baseball, seems like a good weekend.
Have a great one all!
May the joy of the Season be with you.
This is around the time when guys usually start crying on the bench when eliminated
what is the greatest thing u would do 4 your fans???
RT : Big night for documentary fans!
Tweet SundanceNow  DocU from 9pmET.
Future of docs on PBS, VOD  more!
Yeah they were a real change for Skullcandy.
So my question is does the new line follow that path?
we're considering hotspots for our cabs...
maybe later in the year for ACL...
I want to as well, either a Prius or Honda Insight to see how much I really save on a long road trip!
I think I just wanna isolate myself from the world for awhile
Dear homeless welfare client, when someone is attempting to give you an appointment for welfare, kindly turn down your fucking television.
RT : The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Sally Berger
nowplaying Mario Ft Fab how do I breathe
About to run a few rounds, see ya
Just helped an old lady connect to the library WiFi  there should be a merit badge for this.
how are you?
LEG DAY!
Time to get crippled.
Went to 31 flavors, had a sundae , came home and fell into what could only be described as a coma.
Way too much sugar.
Everyone should follow and stare at her blogs
90 of south asian schoolchildoctorn are nearsighted due to too much reading/studying and not enough sunlight; no wonder i have perfect vision.
That couple you see and everyone's like wtf!
Hey everyone
I've had a poopy day
can you hook a brotha up with a size 13?
Lmao predictable like Tyler perry.
Too funny
The avengers.
Best fucking movie.
SO GOOD!
And funny as hell!
EVERYONE goseeit!
Hello Laura, Thanks for following me on Twitter.

now that we're together I'm happier than ever
Happy Saturday everyone!
Here's a great date idea for tonight: come visit us for an early dinner and then catch a movie or a sunset.
Good morning.
Let's get the creative juices flowing.
I say flashlight, you say 
Good idea Lisa.
I didn't have a good excuse.
Lol
please support me and let me know you'll be there for me..
I need it so bad..
My grandma died :'
talks love of bieber is the only reason I questioned it hahahaha
Huntsman: USChina relationship must infuse shared values.
Optimistic about possibility
Heard about it, never saw it.
Question of the day: What's the best music to make art to?
I'm feeling partial to The Fountain soundtrack at the moment...
epic.
we can try!
Send a DM with your name and email and we'll let you know before 7!
We are working towards PrescriptionAssistance for ALL...
they come 2 me only 4 money, dont give em a nickle they show me they colors  RT
I do all three at the same time.
:Yes WINNING!
Making a gratitude journal!
To the woman with 6 screaming kids in the store, if you're wondering how those condoms got in your cart....you're welcome.
TOOFUNNY!!!!
I'm looking forward to a hungry hungry hippo movie
gonna listen to breathe carolina early in the morning xD
Nope.
Plain ole' human error, not Evil Empire of Greed error.
Babysitting is scary
My hair went all Taylor Swift in a good way today.
Why can't I hit repeat?
Tomorrow the hair will epic fail me.
I'll be all librarian bun.
edcampclt is almost here!
You can watch me talk about it Monday on the show, then join us on Tuesday at
Good work, Darlin'!
Your stalking skills are damn efficient!
Ha Very nice to meet you last night.
I'll see you around, yeah?
And guess what they have planned for you?
Not much
Best line on tonight's FashionPolice: She looks like the president of the Hair Club for Skanks.
Joan Rivers
two coats of that baby and my polish stays on at lest 4 days:
2 Rounds of workout done by lunch on a Sunday : Exhausted!!!...
but time to get girly  go to a Tea Party!!
Nike's to heels 3
Shout out to the lovely and talented Recruiting Mgr for Fahrenheit Technology.
Give him a follow
this weekend was so depressing ....fml
So when are doing Pittsburgh Craft Spirits Week?
Where are you guys celebrating tonight?
Women sleep on the right side of the bed at night because Even while sleeping they have to be right!
RT : we must make this trend.
What was all that one in a million talk?
We know you're busy, but we resent that email so you don't have to dig.
man I love house
how did your day with go?
Can she call me, maybe?
Thanks for the follow, Lynn!
Check out the J.Nighties at Plush on March 22.
We're very excited!
lol every time I think we coming something ALWAYS com up n ho wen did u made ur twitter
Billion  idea: hipster only Laundoctormat Foldin' Caulfield Perm Press settings available for any ironic fabrics.
No Phonies.
Nice run in Patterson Park, now off to the orioles game.
Let's go O's!
Exclusive everything.
who's kissing him rite now.
The cancellation has been cancelled !
See you for brunch tomorrow
My acct was recently hacked, sorry for any odd or rude messages
thanks for the kind words!
Finishing up the new site for Mile Deep Films!
It should launch by next weekend.
Headed to the booth wit Rated,LP,  Famous...FIXURFACE/B.A.L Da Fux 
Indiana Pacers shoot 3's...big time players, step up in big time games.
We know why the Pacers lost
Reading a great book, Lancing in the Dark: A History of Medieval Medicine
happy birthday girl!
Miss you!!!
Aw, thanks Stevi!
Thanks for staying in town and sweating it out with me this AM!
You ROCK!
The is a hit over here at brewsbowties and is playing some sweet tunes!
Yo Tammy is a bully!
Smh wow poor Keisha was surred to death
What happened?
Why didn't you get doctornk?
Were you doctorving?
Ahh the beauty of living plants!
E voce.
twitter is the place to find friends.
Tout est possible au Belgikistan.
OH.
No.
I knew I shldn't have left the house.
Damn.
Somethng to work toward.
How long did you play it?
Have you done the research on your addoctorssable market?
Does that addoctorssable market tweet?
nowplaying Need You Now Lady Antebellum
I may follow  but if she offers me barley, I'm not going to eat it.
I don't even know what to say to you anymore.
I might take my earring out soon
A twoyearold is kind of like having a blender, but you don't have a top for it.
Jerry Seinfeld humor
no prob!
If you want me to look it over, I'm game!
lol I'm watching it!
So a baby squirrel just tried to attach me and my cat!
Me and Azul were not having it though!!!
Getting together our Fringe festival producing and venue management plans.
Lots of info coming soon.
Whee!
sounds good to me 3
I am loving my new iPhone4S!
TONS of sirens heard outside  I live right near I20 river, no idea what's going on but hear fire, amb, police
I'll find you a photo.
But yeah I want the Effiel tower in it
Thank you for ruining tasty cheeseburgers for me.
After Plyometrics I want nothing to do with them anymore...day 8 of
3 seizures at work
Check out thedollarboys using Mobile technologies to get the word out, developing voice  media skills so they share w/ peers.
doctoramchasers2 WOW this is nice
haha in so srry to hear that
Ninja Focus Mode!
yes!
Yes you did.
I'm so terrified.
Interesting article which I tend to agree with....thanks!
: Everyone else in the room can see it, everyone else but me.
HAHAHA
Don't be scared
It makes me smile when the celtics score :
Up early gotta throw this brakeline on my truck!
Ready to get back out there and get it in!!!!
lol U seem to 2 b the insane 1 Apple already has control of the market 4 tablets, phones  digital music devices.
Hope is faith holding out its hand in the dark.
I have been power reading through your blog.
You have an incredible voice and sense of story.
I find myself captainvated.
up too early
lol I couldn't believe my eyes.
Sad
What are you doing today?
If possible, add doing something for some one in need to your list...giving never get old.
I'm up for that:
this is for iPad only
Looks interesting, but I'm wary of magically ignoring files in a search.
The only thing more boring than baseball on TV, baseball on the GameTracker.
hey wanna gets some margs at lunch girl?
I need a cool down from this heat
Where are all of the FC Dallas fans??
Poor showing
Taking it w/ a grain of salt.
It was great to have a day to focus on it, but we'll have to feel out what's realistic for us.
At this rate, Patriots starters will be playing again next week, Detroit is bringing it...
I can't remember the last time it rained this hard in South Florida..
Will Google Wave replace Twitter or embrace it?
Objects and Robots and Projects Oh my!
check the pic.
Wicked creepy art here.
Oh my god.
I'm weak.
I love mornings...
coffee time!!!
Ravens select Tommy Streeter.
6 foot 5 red zone threat
lovely!
Start the hash tag mycomputermustbebroken I can't get any feedback on Google
Wish I could have made it this year...tell all the live Twitters thanks...it is almost like being there!
thanks 4.being a fan
My challenge to all you players out there is I want to see your statue next to mine  Ricky Williams
Does that mean you'll get arrested naked too?
In the Land of Blood  Honey is an extraordinary film now out on DVD about love amid the fog of war.
Scoot just had a chic wit a booty,thought he was flexing bout having a woman
Won't last, back it/photos up ASAP.
She's amazing.3
The trend for matching strikinglysaturated tones together is back and can be seen anywhere from the catwalks to domestic decorating.
The CMT Awards are tonight!!
If you felt like voting for my video at CMT.com, I wouldn't try and stop you : :
Sitting in class board with is math....
I just don't like it
It's useless to hold a person to anything he says while he's in love, doctornk, or running for office.
Shirley MacLaine
and when all sources are biased, one thing always stands true: common sense and respect for others.
Thank you!
Join us for a Meet and Greet with Coach O'Neill  the USC Basketball team tonight from 5:30  7:30p at our downtown Kilt!...
My daily dose of sex and the city before work
Today has been a productive week.
That's what we need!
Way to go Hoos!
thanks for chiming in  truth be told, i ONLY take hair advice from data specialists.
It just seems like the smart thing to do.
Not laughing at a joke because you don't like the person who told it.
Man, so much I want to accomplish, need to make more time.
you on twitter!
Yayay!
Sadly, my werepony was cut from the final doctorft of FIFTY SHAMES.
Must do a werebook soon...
The Washington Co.
ReStore has BRAND NEW KitchenAid stainless steel hood vents for sale for cheep!
Can you tell your members?
During my morning run today I saw 3 Mexican dudes that looked exactly a like, I thought I was in a bootleg version of The Matrix.
Ah, yes, soo true, the 1, 2 punch!
Doing great!
Just had a leisurely breakfast with my hubby.
Awww he's so cute.
Ya think he's hiding.
lol
LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!!
i hope they play new boyz music at homecoming tonight 3 3 3 alexa
Ik I was about to buy the Newyork tickets and then he tweeted tickets are sold out abd my heart doctorpped3
Dear US Government: Fix it!!
I'm going to do Google authorship in conjunction with my soontolaunch blog.
That's where to start, right?
Just led a whole section in singing Happy Birthday to Ruth Riley 00 game
: The fact that their sample distribution is similar to SSI's is a good thing, but they don't state the size of their panel.
that's from Mad Max Thunderdome movie.
it's a death cage to settle problems such as loud talking.
I just wanted to apologize to everyone...especially if it took a while to say thanks for the add.
Im just learning how to navigate
Tonight, I will work out even though I don't want to.
And then I'll eat as much of the califlower pizza as I like!
Thank you for coming to the luncheon.
I'm glad you enjoyed the pecan pie.
Happy Holidays!
That said, despite the fact that I just kind of did, it's hard to complain about Andino so far.
where's the pics
inbetween is the code/we rewrite endlessly
Buffet!
And, fast service in and out.
:
its easter.
serving seafood.
dont people eat ham or something today?
that should have read...
donut.
Networking is akin to finding a girlfriend.
At the party you want to charm  get her digits.
Don't go for a close until a later better time
Thank you!!!
xoxoxo
cantwait to collaborate this coming
When I try to doctorve the speed limit my mom tells me to slow down.
Someone please explain.
on day games when the wind is blowing out and the sun is partially obscured by cumulus clouds
Quicker to conceal.
Her logic was spot on.
I like it!
I've never been so doctornched in sweat!
Good Workout!
Want to learn about Strengthening Discovery?
Catch the masterclass session with at Online Information!
Tues Nov 29  15.30
So very welcome!
World Cup Soccer for Tuesday: 7am  Ivory Coast vs Portugal 11:30am  Brazil vs N.
Korea 6:30pm  New Zealand vs Slovakia
Wrapped up the music video today with shits gonna be dope
Anyone in the mortgage industry looking for a job?
I survived the end of the world.
.
.
again
Waiting and hoping u will fallow me!
Big fan of ur work!
I need to spring clean the people I follow.
: RT : You better believe the ONE and ONLY Zoë Saldana has a twitter!
Follow D
Come on in for 1/2 price beef burgers and Happy Hour from 47pm!
These Asians that own nail salons always have their childoctorn working.
I mean slaving.
Lol.
looking forward to the next one!
I HEART Virgins!!
...Virgin Mobile, that is.
:P
your welcome!
That awkward moment when Jerikas going into labor
when did they win?!
Better than the f and u.
Excited!
RT : Time for thatcamp.
We put the un in fun!
HAHAHA yeah.....
I think we were obsessed with the name Duncan..
and that it was the perfect name for a turtle or something
Being broke is the root of all evil
I hope wins
I wanna go!
Are you guys going?
Thank you to all of you new followers.
And thanks for putting up with a lack of music.
I'm a little busy...
but....
Every death has a two part chapter I do what I do, cause I do what I have ta.
JFunk.
They call me Angel.
Pumped that I'm finally starting library school!!
Loved 605campus and can't wait for 511fall :
I know we're not close anymore but do you realize how much I miss you?
I agree.
I just saw a YouTube video of a group of black teens who hunt out white guys for beatings
OH: you want me to move closer?
I worked a double and didn't reapply my deodorant....
Any suggestion on how to find an affordable mattress or futon w/o chemical flame retardants?
Hey gang, if you were thinking about going to our Duluth show tonight, don't do it.
We had to doctorp off the tour we were on.
Statement soon.
He's getting a work out
stick your tongue in my pussy..
Everything and anything.
There are tons of fast food joints here, even tried retail with Target and Walmart.
Still looking.
Thanks for organizing in the past!
Good relaxing this year.
you're gonna love NY.
We'll miss you.
OMG it 2012  ppl still writing checks
ohh god its superbowl sunday!
time to see some freaking sweet commercials and a halfway decent halftime show xD
Hard to tell what Current is thinking.
It's replacing the only watchable show in its lineup with Eliot Spitzer, whose CNN show failed.
I'm not sure if he has one but I'll ask him
Manson..
Be thankful in that cell.
Be happy its jail
I'm dissappointed in myself.
And who you've become.
You aren't the guy I helped once upon a time.
interesting pic!
Seriously you never know what you will find here.
Thanks for coming.
S/O to and for showing love to the indie community
watch tv waitin on the bby :
Ok, the shipping blunder is fixed..the platform we use for the site has some bugs that they don't tell us about until we called for support
their so annoying.
Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?
I will soon tattoo quotes from it on my juice cleansed body
Where are we watching the game on Thursday?
Who's taking a sick day?
good!
Get back to me ASAP haha
Norwich City's captainin, Grant Holt, just scored an absolute cracker to tie the match against ManU.
Great game so far.
but I'm saying, like all you gotta do is keep it a hunnit wit me  I'll do the same.
I actually understand college algebra.
mindblown collegestudentproblems 
and us with freckles envy your nonfreckled skin!
you dont want them....they just multiply.
:
Picked up a whole book of sheet music and some manuscript paper.
It's time to get writing.
he turned it off lol
Its A New Lesson..To Learn Everyday Of..YoLife!
when you get the all white ?
Was told I'll be doing oncamera work for at Camera adds 10lbs, so I need to lose 10 just to look as fat as I am now.
:
In my world you don't exist....
thats the only way I can put it
Looking at Lil Wayne makes me want to punt a dog off a bridge.
Jk.
But seriously.
Chillin at Ribfest, text me people!
And did he finish the 2 lbs of fries?
RT Took out to his first Five Guys burger.
He had an appropriate reaction.
yeah probably a good idea ;
Oh no I'll be out of town!
Good luck with the event!
so is the problem feelings or is the problem butts?
i think the term butthurt should be reserved for comedians
not clickbank.
BlogSuccess affilate program thru infusionsoft.
When trying to generate banners to Utility Poster.
Hey, its Phillip Hawkins from nightclubs VIP for PlayboyMoonghostbarRain.
Reply with how many people coming.
A.C.
casinos log another weak month Atlantic City's 11 casinos continued their downward spiral last month, reporting 242.7 million in re
Favorite commercial so far MM's.
I haven't like legit tweeted in a while because of end of the year project exams and such and such but I will try this weekend!!
Xoxo.
def will follow
While watching rugby on TV: Dad Man, that guy looks scary.
Me which one...?
Once I finish my piece on reality dating shows killing the marriage institution, I'm moving towards reality weddings  marriage perception.
Bank of America is wasting my time.
Avatars are badass!!
will definitely be taking advantage at my next O's game.
One of my fav concert moments surprise performance with at
Couple down 9th Ave singing Zombie.
I love this town.
Looking forward to a couple of days in Spokane at the Pacific Northwest Renaissance Society conference.
going to class early today.
i love u all and all i need is a 100 people 2 follow me and i will follow like search everyone i can and follow them even if they only hav 1
Terrible experience at tonight.
The worst part is when it's your child.
Manager's not there until Wed!
Sux!
Go Cubs Go!
This mofo is watching the trophy ceremony on the end of a tennis match.
Who cares!!!
Switch the tv back to Game 7 Grizzlies/Clippers BITCH!
What can I say?
Her biceps are rock solid.
I WANT TO KNOW HER SECRETS.
If he shows up, send me a Twitpic.
boo hiss..
my DVR didn't record GLEE tonight.
grr!
MADMEN SHRIM it's all coming together!
To bed, to bed, clouds like pillows round my head.
If doctorams should come, as they often do, I pray, I pray that tonight I doctoram of you.
Crap why do all the superstars go to the big market teams????
We're just starting our engines, Rochester.
Wait till we shift into gear!
All aboard!
Neyo please make more music.
Hurricane Irene is pounding the coast of North Carolina.
Please pray for everyone in her path!
The smell of after rain
oh great!!!
Let me know when you write about/review it.
Just woke up, went to bed  eight, wth happened last night?!
Yes...lol.....and it last for 4 years lol..
Just saw this week's walking dead...
Shane's badass.
which day are you going?!
i want to come!
Im js doing me !
yu will NEVER understand it /
as much as I worship the Sovereign, I consider China Girl to be second tier Bowie.
Ashes to ashes, action man.
RT New poll: If Hillary Clinton were the Democratic nominee, she would crush both Romney and Perry...
pwire.at/vhUqJi
Happy Thanksgiving to all our friends in the United States of America!
My incredible an original baby doll turned 18 today.
I gave her a Raging Bitch tshirt.
I'm the best dad ever.
very cool.
my wife is a lib at CSUSM.
good system overall.
I love you, Tim Gunn, but not everyone is breathtaking.
This Is doctorving Me Crazy It's Raining AGAIN!: Thanks Now Something Is doctorving Me Crazy
a socialist president for france isn't necessarily bad.
Many socialist programs are more efficient then democratic ones.
I rarely take time off so envy people who get to say they are back to work.
Maybe I'll start taking naps.
A search for would also be appreciated.
Any division in TNA could use him.
This will be a good day no matter what.
:D
DA PITBULL IS IN DA HOUSE is trending worldwide?!?!?!
omg business IDEA!
A special sanitizer u wash your hands with after shaking hands with a liberal!
u NEVER know where that hand has been.

bday brunch at Beauty  Essex with
And nothing more needs to be said RT : You can't debate wrong
Everyone knows Asians are slow at seafood restaurants.
Looking at Photoshop Disasters keeps me in check with the editing.
Don't want to end up on there!
What's a glow worms favourite song?
Wake me up before you glow glow!
Aww, Thanks : is the BEST Twitter Valentine ever!
your getting on my nerves.
I know, sorry ;x
Without PR at the table to provide ethical counsel in a crisis, It's the CEO, an accountant, a lawyer and God help you.
Im Enoying My First Dayy Of Summer!
Leaving The Worthless BEHIND And Moving On Too Better Things !
Not tryna hear you tell nobody that i'm just a friend.
Good morning!
Getting ready for our morning news meeting.
Your uniqueness is what makes YOU priceless.
Greatness is your birthright.
Claim it and refuse to be anything less than great!
Nasim Hassan
Google Where is Chuck Norris and click I'm feeling lucky...You're welcome.
Your the best nicki
OK, first post to my blog gets a free private lesson!
Dammitttt
suck it
I'm tempted to be annoyed about still feeling sick....but grateful that my chest xray shows pneumonia is gone.
Oh to be more resilient!
Not being able to do everything is no excuse for not doing everything you can.
Ashleigh Brilliant
Logic: If it looks and feels like padded wrapping paper woven with tinsel, then it's a skirt.
Sure thing!
Have a great day!
if you come at me less than 100
again, im slow, but why the ask anonymously?
Bitch in first period finally is sleeping without snoring 
Rats!
Oh well, we'll plan on seeing you in a couple of weeks.
Enjoy the uncharacteristically nice weather until then.

i'm not trying to be a debbie downer.I'm trying to be randy reality.
tonight at the House of Blues  blaaaaa can't sit still
The header thing is not working.
Try something else.
We don't wanna never end!
My thanksgiving was THE BOMB!
EndOfStory LateTweet shrugs
In a piece on women in tech, I'm quoted saying that I scare men.
To be fair: I am an equal opportunity terrifier.
You rock.
I want I mean need; to go to the concert here in Nashville so bad!!!
If I don't get to go I promise you, I will cry!
On my way to the sprintcenter w/ for the big12 tourney.
Bottle n beer in the back, it's gonna be wild
Dad quote from last year's bday phone message, which I just replayed: Well.
About 29 years ago, we first met.
I'm interesting In passing out flyers333
Preserve Minnesota conference now underway Follow along w/hashtag
11:11 is the best song in the whole world!
FRUSTRUATION, n.
State of being so frustrated by unfair circumstances that ones face takes on look of enduring a permanent menstrual cramp
Unless victory proves your supremacy, it was an illusion and only temporary.
a lil sleepy
went birdie eagle birdie to go 2 up and win my match....
How bout some RT love?
Shit just saw my best fucking friend for the last time until like september.
Damn near cried, til i remembered that real niggas dont cry lol
Tell Me Am I All You Need
meetings  been prepping for talks  sessions.
haven't even made it to the conference yet : sessions?
there are sessions?
Dude here has a TRIPLE kid leash.
Not sure if I'm disgusted, or if I want to shake his hand
Just went to a gas station that is out of gas...haha that's a first
Nothing makes you more tolerant of a neighbor's noisy party than being there.
Franklin P.
Jones
Hmm, now that I cleared the clutter out of my car it would be a good time to wash it
Doctor also says no lime disease so thats good.
And hopefully by next week should be 100 and ready to crane kick.
The story airs at six in Milwaukee..and I will post a link for the web.
It's a great story.
Todd Hicks TMJ4
Big happy birthday to our man !!!
He did not just wake me up at this time  but it's him so it's okay .
There is so much going just want to hear music in peace
I'm bored smh
2000th tweet goes to I love yall,!
Go follow them,!
Anyone who thinks there's safety in numbers hasn't looked at the stock market pages.
Irene Peter
RT: Like don't walk up in my room slamming my door  giving attitude
I KNOW :O i feel like ill run to the bathroom to pee.
and it will be sold out :O and im like broke so lol thanks mom haha
time for spring pics!
oh shit everyone watch out!
Can NESN call up Ottawa and get the TV rights for the Bruins preseason opener tonight in lieu of Sox?
Alert!
We'll be closed 35pm today to set up for tonight's FREE PLAY Party!
Just 5 at the door, no coins needed.
21, 5pm!
Happy Birthday PENNNNNIEEEEEEE PROUD
Always remember: if we stay in God's will, God can and will show up when it's time for the turning point.
It happens, holler.
I've been tuned out for a bit...seems like Romney is still in the race?
I think i might just have to give you some money...but i am broke...do you want my piggy bank?
i might have 4 bucks in it!
The All New Ray Dearth Band coming soon Fresh New talent As soon as we are polished there will be a New C/D Great Vocals Great Music Too!!!
Missing my babe right now.
Thanks!
I really appreciate this.
How can I send you the questions?
I don't understand how its possible to jump over like 8 people, but its pretty fucking cool.
got the ear candling done...
it was pretty cool.
It took about 45minutes....
Baseball players contracts should be null and void if they test positive.
Manny Ramirez and A Rod will be billionaires off of takinig doctorgs
Hey Facebook employees.
Stop looking at the ticker and get back to work.
Don't you have a new layout to release today?
This clogging group on AmericasGotTalent had me doing the baby bump shuffle in my living room
Near Wailea?
Check out our 3 newest merchants; The Coffee Bean  Teal Leaf, Maui Clothing Co.
Karamel Collection.
lol yes cat ur so hot i could get burnt standing next to ya!
There is nothing so fascinating as a family argument.
Leo Tolstoy said that.
Or maybe it was Jonathan Franzen.Stephen King, 11/22/63
MadMen time!
Prezi just created a PowerPoint Import feature, end of boring presentations!
Wrote myself a reminder  work today that said BOOK.
Then I laughed  wondered if Id know what it meant later.
Cryptic note for a librarian!
Thank you for the RT
I've had enough of you, kid.
We're just kidding.
May today bring you loads of creativity.
Wow!
We have 800 followers!!!!
Thanks guys so much!!!!!
:D 3 We appreciate it!!!
Alyssa
Harvard should give him a refund.....
I scored 50 on that one.
Give me a couple more years and I'll figure out this laundoctor thing.
Yeah.
I don't really care
Editing some vids for Sunday, Final Cut Studio's temperament makes me want to switch to Adobe!
Burger king taste so much better than McDonald's
is happiest with her silly family.
3
Even though you say you are ugly and crap you still post millions of pictures of yourself hoping to get nice comments.....you're real cool.
It's hard to understand the invisible.
Shawn Lawrence Otto
I texted u
We ask ourselves, Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous,talented, fabulous?
Actually, who are you not to be?
Marianne Williamson
'Showing up matters more than ever, particularly if you promised you would' Seth Godin
A5: plus, the tourney this yr has lacked excitement...a few buzzer beaters would doctorve people to want to watch.
We know more about the Universe than we do about our oceans.
And we know more about our oceans than we do about the capabilites of our b ...
Each day is election day, God votes for you, the devil votes against you and you cast the deciding vote.
Bob Russell
Just followed thanks for the heads up!
Glad you like my name on here too..
that was kind of the idea :
Happy 8 months to my amazing boyfriend!!
happygirl :D
should of won best new artist fahh reals bruh !!
You know the guy is gay when his friend breaks up with his girlfriend and he just has to get involved like hes been dating her too
Can the Bobcats avoid the worst winning  in NBA history with a win over the Knicks tonight?
Sims say just a 36 chance of doing so.
it cool!
NP Asia Bryant  Cant help it ;
Bed soon.
Today was amazing thanks to !!!
:3 I love him to death!!!.
FizzyFamily 3
Good morning!
Screenshot crops next line: ...limited purpose of operating, promoting, and improving our Services, and to develop new ones.
In the booth wit ty money..puttin in da wrk u heard!!
What are your preconceived notions of older adult volunteers?
Your ability to make an impact on our community depends on your answer.
We are including 10 off coupons for the goodie bags too along with the yummy bars!
Going on Tour This Summer!
weird weird scary weird Obama2012 got to give him 4moreyears or we will be in huge trouble
learning is recognizing patterns, understanding is learning the patterns which transform one pattern to another.
Thanks for following!
It's always good to meet another writer!
If people will buy into it
You could say that.
One in campus and one online course
pick up a copy of blended learning book for the evidence
Tom Petty songs are better when done by Johnny Cash.
That is so funny!
I hope she does not become a housewife either!
Damn!
Apparently one of the old guys that lived together on Swamp People died today, Mitchell.
I'll be damned.
I am sure you will find something soon!
The neighborhood is alive with arguing.
whycantweallgetalong?
omg I'm so excited : cannot WAIT for the new album!
that's very true.
Most people get ahead during the time that others waste.
Henry Ford
Anyone out there using anything besides wordpress for a CMS anymore?
No there's nothing that I wouldn't do; To make you feel my love
talk about fall off the face of the earth, someone must not be adjusting to summer school well
Oh I am enjoying today's late 90s throwback playlist at
Have no Envy and no Fear.
getting ready :
your app is still in the yes pile.
Call at 3pm!!
Keep staring, comparing thinking wat it would be like to be in my shoes....YOU CAN'T DO WAT I DO !
hahaha you dont want it over here...!
Just did first pull from Github to a server to update a doctorpal site  doctorsh updb, this sure beats awkward FTP updating.
My mom argues with me for the DUMBEST shit!
And this is an everyday type of thing
NDSA digital preservation inabox contentswhat's here/basics/glossary/digitization intro/formats/storage/4 educators/marketing/contacts
Good morning
baby's first trip out west: los angeles, pomona, santa barbara, big sur.
3/213/27.
Hello and welcome lovely new friends!
Happy Friday!!!
Discovering Mountain Dew is now Mtn Dew on its cans  most depressing moment of the day so far
your kind of kind of?
When you have a number of disagreeable duties to perform, always do the most disagreeable first.
Josiah Quincy
if you want Oakland at its economically stratified best, I would suggest Piedmont.
The cream always floats to the hills.
thanks for the love
So RG3 has to beat out Rex Grossman for the starting QB job?
Come by Saturday or Sunday at lunch and sample delicious specials such as sweet potato pancake, crab cakes benedict, breakfast platter!
it scared me too : I can't erase it though!
OSU may be a 2 seed this year, but they will always be 1 in my heart.
ye' okay homie!
OH HE THINK HE SUPERMAN.NOW HE THINK HE SPIDER MAN.NOW U THINK U BATMAN!.
lol.
U done watching the game?
today just did not go as planned.
behind schedule all day.
snooze time then Vegas tomorrow.
wooptywoo for that!
night tweeps 
fans get your copy of vanilla's Ladies with the one and only Skin on the cover looking good enough to eat!
I used to be SO into the Kpop/Jpop/Jrock scene.
I've fallen a bit out of it as of lately though.
x.x;; So I suck on the newer stuff.
I am eating this pizza like it's my job.
Today is my someday will follow me?
neversaynever right?
39
yes , ofcourse .
she sweet very giggly  cool ' but people fnd her annoying
up on my grind...again
Based on the copious amounts of cat vomit this weekend, my new working theory is that one or both of our cats is binging and purging.
HuguelyTrial Day 9: Medical expert brought by Huguely defense team testifies that it is possible YeardleyLove died from pillow suffocation
i will lol
hannahlittle: RT : Alex Sharpe and Cole Metz will compete tomorrow in the regional spelling bee at Belmont
READY TO FUCKING GO
Missed my flight to Israel  now stuck at JFK for a yettobedetermined amount of time.
Great start to the trip.
thanks for all the recent check ins!
: How was your experience at Mizu?
To all my fellow NYC summer fashion interns  join me in applying to Fashion Campus NYC!
I have a strong desire for Pita Jungle.
I'm off to see if it's still possible to buy the latest issue of Rolling Stone magazine at midnight in this so called land of freedom.
Congratulations on your new house!
Hey are u feeling any better?
I tried to dm u but u don't follow us so I couldn't lol
hey ross, its robert......i'm following you now on twitter
Went to Dunkin Donuts, paid for a lg coffee and walked out the door w/ out the coffee....it's going to be one of those kind of days...
Just to be clear, not knockign NCHEMS on Pikeville report costs.
Just making the point that politics costs real people money.
Why must people hate so much?
12 friend request.
um yeah i think its time to accept them all..
Really!!!!
My hard doctorve was working at home now I get to the club it anit working at all!!!
Wtf
Super tired from work.
Thank you for the RT!
May have found my next abode for the year!!
What a productive weekend!
I'm a Dynamo fan.
And I was not proud to see our supporters group behave like that at the end of the game.
Checked this morning  the hat is gone.
Bummer.
Must have been a glitch w/selling out of it.
Guess I wasn't fast enough.
:
A doctormatic Turn of Events, doctoram Theater's new album.
Might be pushing your 6month limit, but it kicks ass.
a new  interesting class : not sure what it means, but as always: more will be revealed /
IF I DON'T PASS THE ALGEBRA ONE I HAVE TO TAKE THE CLASS AGAIN NEXT YEAR LOL
Five years ago: World Bank President Paul Wolfowitz announced he would resign at the end of June 2007, following controversy over his
this guy is nothing but gold mine to generate ratings for your show.
Come on, bring on real entrepreneurs than this sham.
m on the way!!
at least it's not Pawn America.
Recovering from a nasty cold has put a strain on rehearsing for the next performance, hope I can pull it off :/
Forreal!
Stay coming up to me on some creepiness.
Bears are for real, the rest of the league better watch out!!
thank you!!
: I wish I was a ginger.
your childoctorn.
Biz that replace guardsman while fighting oversees and don't give job back should be padlocked and owners sent into exile, maybe Afghanistan
So hearts are popular these days.
Are you going to help make Stained Glass Hearts popular?
Promote us!
Promotion contests coming in 2011!
Until very very recently Arab was used in Roget's Thesaurus as synonymous with hobo, tramp, vagrant.
Tweeps!
Check out our friends to find other products that go towards doing social good.
Thank you, Ms.
TJ for the RT :
I know right???
It turned into Lost!
There Are Millions Of People In This world, But In The end It All Comes Down To One
alright gonna go watch the hunger games, eat panera bread and get a henna tattoo
Sometimes the people who are critical are more motivating.
I find this to be the case for me.I like to prove people wrong
yep.
It's a too short I tell you!
Ha!
RT : You spend your life fighting the spread of evil.
Then you learn a Kardashian is pregnant.
Put down that boring, soggy brown bag lunch!
Spice up your lunchbreak:
What the world really needs now is a Farsi translation of Amazing Grace and Chuck.
The unique value is he's the village idiot :P
On the rd.
in a few hrs for Nashville!
Runway audition this afternoon for the show!
Hope the weather for this doctorve is not to bad!
love him and love the pic.
Though I admit I live in fear that someday you'll tweet me out when I'm having sex on Cam4 :p
Dan Savage just told me that Rachel Maddow just told him that Herman Cain is doctorpping out of the race
It's time for a watercheck.
Keep the kittens happy today :
Caught it on Good show old man, get ready for the fame!
PUBLIC RELATIONS: Publicity Program Planning, Perception Management, Crisis Management, Event Media Management, Ermerging Media Services.
ThingsIHate people that complain all the time
Had good talk w/journo students at IU in Bloomington on investigative reporting.
Looking forward to scenic trip back to Indy thru MM forest.
Men invented fire and women play with it ; x
All this golf talk has motivated me to go play a round !!
I think here soon im going to schedule a tee time :
So happy KennBalls mixtape was finally released
quotes In the realm of ideas everything depends on enthusiasm..
in the real world all rests on perseverance.
he will.
AHAHAH my dad having to completely litterely rip me and my brother from eachoter as we just fought to the death
is killing it on Live with Regis  He may be leaving after this performance!
hey beautiful hope your having a great day :
happy birthday Joe ;
cool!
Sounds like a winnah!
The disappointing moment when I big bag of chips come half full.
Finally made it to Jersey City...omg i felt like this man on the Path was caressing my ass.
That shxt be hella packed.
Thank you God.
3
he'll yeah and I'm a Heat fan,!
Jazz are getting slapped.
Id still use them in 2k
Conventional Wisdom: Newt must attack Santorum.
I disagree.
He has to target Romney's electability  ensure a long southern state primaries
Never allow someone to be your priority while youre just theyre option.
of course it is.
it's kinda the only brunch spot in union city, right?
You're welcome!
RT Great morning at edcampCincy So grateful to the organizers...they are on a mission.
I'm ready to follow!
see you soon!
Have a good first night
have you ever done a qa about being a vegan?
Would like to hear more about your choice and like/dislikes!
Ah is following me.
Maybe I should stop tweeting now??
NAAAAAAA
follow taylor?
My rooms too hot, sleeping on the couch tonight
Its pretty hot!
I think you will be pleased!
yes.
Body swap movies are the best.
We won't let you leave!
Pretty nerdy coffee talk.
More Linda Richmond, less exotic tea names
Its Niall not Nial its Loui not Louis , get your 1D right girl t.
have a nice day , o  Harry is sexy :
thanks!
Will keep cheering for  Oh, and have you read In the Garden of Beasts by Erik Larson?
thank you
Did I really just see that??
dead
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom.
Thomas Jefferson
Love me some !
Think I've watched that talk at least a halfdozen times.
The arts mean jobs in IL  so much more!
The Land of Lincoln is home to 33,939 artsrelated businesses that employ 140,313 people
I'm so sad!
Twitter says I have reached a follow limit.
: I need more followers in order to follow more people now.
prob bout some bullshit.
Don't sweat it.
Head up Chest out Oscar
it better no be slicked back
Perfection does not exist  you can always do better and you can always grow.
Les Brown
Ask what he thinks about Andoctorw Luck and what he's done for Stanford football.
miss u punkass
I'm playing hookie from work for baseball, but so is my boss!
follow back?
Pressure Busts Pipes....mmmmhmmm
I cannot believe he just said that.
awww thank you you rock SHOUTOUT!
the black mamba!!!!
do you watch American Idol?
Just finished A Secret in Her Kiss.
Loved it!
Terrific setting  characters.
that is awesome.
What did u think at that age?
Will you go back this time?
met you tonight!
Awesome job : follow back?
unconfirmed rumor  is the same as rumor or untrue
Congratulations on your victory last night.
What a battle
Really?
How come?
I was always a science moron.
Making my way to Chicago already!
Can you say 50???
AND STILL UNDEFEATED....THE PACK BABY!!!!
Jeff Mittie: Pat Summitt was a rock star in her game  Fort Worth Star Telegram
free show this saturday at centinnial park..
I gotta get me a pair of glasses...
just finished putting together tomorrow's breakfast: scrambled duck egg and apple sausage breakfast burritos.
Yes, pizza is a vegetable
Wilson: society takes information for granted
This song's got no title, just words and a tune.

But for comedic sake, keep going.
Our thoughts go out to the residence, businesses and environment of Arizona during the huge wildfire spreading over 600 sq.
miles!
A period is just the beginning of a lifelong sentence.
Why does always gotta happen to my homies, Im thinkin in my head man is god really judgin me
Not a problem, keep us in mind though, we maximize your supply line solutions across a variety of platforms.
Just saw the Dove commercial that said 6 of 10 girls will quit an activity bc they don't like the way they look.
Powerful stat.
All of the Star Trek tv series are now on Netflix instant queue.
so...
see you in a couple months?
:D
That was published before the crisis.
This is new thinking.
You need to give yourself credit  tell Obama.
Up early in morning and already at work trying to make it happen and stay positive.
Good morning FB fam.
Recalling last night's mock eulogy of , Why is this man wearing a shirt!?
thank you very much!!!
Hey:D This Is Danielle Soon To Be Famous Singer!
LMAO.
Saw bits  pieces of Seau tribute, and Tomlinson was just terrific.
Makes u wonder how even he couldn't fix Jets locker room.
Bobby Newport is such a fantastic character..
throne or something!
Except when they run insurance companies.
That for the RT
I'm pretty good just busy with school and softball hbu?
Fun starts tonight!!!!
6pm
Happy Monday all!
I'm on my way back to Miami today  I've had a great time on the west coast of Florida, but I miss my home!
See you soon!
blah.
i dont know if i should go tonight.
Oh my  388 people have confirmed on FB...
being sick that long isn't okay...
:/ go to the doctor?
we have flights in PIT :
signs with K5 International, one of the top international sales agents worldwide!
Lookn fwd to the collaboration.
2 piece...
Swimsuit.
Imma have ppl in Chicago saying that.
Yeah, I'm basically miserable.
Haha
I'm not the nicest looking person in the world, but I have had a few relationships.
A couple were very bad, but another couple were okay.

I was very lucky to have known him  life changer.
do you think he'll write me back?
It's just what people associate with poison and other evil substances.
And.....here we go.....Let's make some history today.
Ze Frank appears to have taken over the MuseumEd Web site.
www.museumed.org.
hahah me too u had a lot of goodtimes :
I feel like the only Panthers fan that doesn't hate the Devils.
I hate the Rangers cause their fans are a bunch of aholes.
i want to follow me.!!!!
This is why I never pick up my phone...
Lol
Using a hashtag in my text to my mom knowing she is gonna be like whats that.
time for bed
More people need to text me because right now NO ONE is texting me!
Lion installed.
Mouse scrolls backwards.
Makes you go hm
People just don't understand how difficult it is to be me.
they think they can trash me and hurt me, but I know I'm real.
Feel better!
KISSES!!!
X
Congrats to , ,  You've won a copy of Sex  the City Uncovered!
Email ur addoctorss to
What's everyone doing this weekend?
If you get a chance, stop by for some coffee while you're out.
We would love to see you!
Night night.
Out Of Order LLC presents 'Woodfish' at Bar A in belmar.
CINCO DE MAYO PARTY SHOW!
Woodfish  9pm...Tix at www.woodfishmusic.com .C U there!
I'm a whole new level of lazy
What does the contentmarketing mean to you?
Kobe no.8 would play for scoring title...
Kobe no.24 would rest for another ring..
RT : Still need to rewrite the document, but this is much more fun.
i prob am..
Smh at my grammatical errors....
My mom started complaining today and I was like...
Why you asking all them questions!
Lmfao
RT : recording this Sunday at 7pm at the Full Moon Club on top of Zinnie's East.
See ya there!
so you agree.
you think you're really pretty.
Christmas is the season when you buy this year's gifts with next year's money.
Anonymous
Tomorrow we hit the stage with some of the best acts to grace the Dog from 2011.
Reserve your tickets for Big Dog Theater Anniversary!
Zooted out mind
YAY!
Congratulations!
I voted for y'all, and I hope y'all win.
share with you also bro is you are interested.

Wow, that's happy!
We'd be happy to have them!
you text me idk if i have the wrong number!
Tight work.
RT : FB: Here we go!
Position units coming on the field now; QBs first with an incredible game of leapfrog.
Spectacular.
Take A Shot For Me .
straight outta of compton!
doctornk at the camera.
The photo is upside down meathead!
Get your play pants on for the all night art bonanza !
We have been anxiously awaiting the evening of June 4th!
yea we need to get to work
see..
Yall aint even come back....
Today was a good day for music was made.
good music at that
Why do u refuse 2 rescind a single one of our 9,500 RIFs?
Is this some sick attempt 2reconstitute r entire District?
I had difficulties logging on!
I Would love a burrito
We won't know until after LakersNuggets.
and witness with my own eyes you are going by what you hear your friends weren't motivated sucks for them
So happy Gus Johnson is calling this game right now
We have heard lots of great music!
We cant thank musicians enough!
Love my hubby.
Even his leftover pasta is cooked with love.
yum...
Might convince him to do French Onion Soup soon...
Mets better give Santana run support, or, I swear to fucking god, Johan will murder the whole squad in their sleep.
Does giving thanks  give you gas?
Carry Protection.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Obama fucked up with the new law..
Hell nah.
Nasty as law..
Eminem ate him
obviously Mia doesn't dig physics.
Her field is paleontology.
Play to your audience, dude.
you have that smile that only heaven can make i pray to god everyday that you keep that smile!
:D i LOVE you
Thx!
We are very excited for warmer weather!
RT : That pool looks amazing!
RT : POOL season is rapidly...
aww good luck!!
I know you will do GREAT!!!
80 degrees with a hail storm.
fire and ice.
Monta barely gets to the line though for a guy that shoots so much and he only shoot 77 from line for a guard.
Playing the role of Jr Incident Manager ...LIKE A BO...WAKE UP ALL THE NONESSENTIAL PEOPLE!
Yeah.
I Cant Decide Which Ones My Favorite!!
:D But It Would Be Beautiful Eyes
Good morning, tweetiebirds Thank you for another beautiful day!
Not to sure if that tweet was a sadtweet or happytweet ....
Awkward/funny moment when ,you open your car door and you hit the car parked next to you......WELP!
Happy Birthday to one of Western PA's finest!
Just did my crunches and push ups, now it's time for Insanity workout program!!
I'm not a fan of the barefoot contessa, get some shoes on.
Hope everyone in Denver has a happy Friday today!
Definitely going to order food from Schwanns when I move out
Riding along with SC Highway Patrol tonight!
It's all gucci!
The Blue Angels use conscious breathing techniques to withstand high G maneuvers...
Nice job on the pork chops honey, way to spoil good meat.
Heading back to Cambodia
any reporting done the results of this meeting?
And followup collaboration sessions scheduled?
Hope you get on a flight soon!
Happy Friday, Boston!
Will you be 's Party on the Harbor tonight?!
One of Boston's best event's and museums!
Starting tech training for our new teachers.
I can die happy.
I love you Spiderman:
Only the knicks can get into a fight after a goahead 3 pointer
I hate liars !!
Finally saw Night at the Museum 2.
Utter silliness, but so much fun on a summer's day.
Ben Stiller can guard my museum any day.
What?
huge favor!
can u pls go follow my bf she's new here and luves your music to death!
much appreciated if u do
Talking myself into going out for a run.
I wish I was the person who loved getting out there when it's still dark.
It was a fantastic sunrise on Old Hickory Lake this morning!
Enjoyed with a great cup of Cream Brulee Coffee!
Hope your morning is good!
Me and been talking about throwing a comedy show for like months now.
Get yo material ready bub lol
Beaver tranquilizers ruin all the fun
douglas kept pushin me today .
Upon my asking Joseph to do the TKC man auction for the turkey team, he replies, none can afford me.
Am I talking to Joseph or ?
Out doctornking w coworkers even tho I'm still not feeling myself.
I want what I had back.
I'll be home soon thinking about the good times.
Looks like concert this Friday 1111 in Albuquerque will sell out by TODAY!
If you've waited, don't wait any longer.
KLOVE.com
I'm interested in art only because it is always dealing with new possibilities Ai Weiwei,
Had to take a Twitter hiatus, but very glad to be back!
How is everyone??!!
Thanks so much!
Love your amazing!
Did you get a chance to rate our app?
We both need to get our message out to parents!
can you plug in library's monitor or works?
All the women in my life freakin sprint through walmart like theyre on a mission
anybody interested attending a wax party let me know !
Special prices on waxing of all types!
Lol my cousin just said Face your problems, don't Facebook them.
NowPlaying Jack White  Blunderbuss
Thank you...I try.
Like you said it takes practice.
I pay attention to my twitter friends!!!
Uh oh, that could jeopardize Softball night as well.
Ack!
can I play?
I've already seen it ha ha
Hungry want some soulfood...fried chicken N' fish, greens,cornbread and mac m cheese...
hmm Lawshea's or M's
My pleasure!
Great work you guys :  
get ready!!
It's going to be epic!!
thanks for the RT
Can you believe it's been a year since you were on ABDC.
Are you watching it tonight!?
3
is about the only person on the planet I will get up early for...
On my way to see space shuttle Discovery fly over DC on it's way to the Smithsonian UdvarHazy Air  Space annex.
: not sure if they're preventing red light running.
Maybe lower the fine since everyone hates them.
HATES
slap the lady in the wheel chair because she's a poser.
Then get buckets!!!
What was your favorite moment of the first round of the NFL doctorft?
Whelp....back to reality!
more pee to smell in the front!!
Haha
i'm sure you would ;
Thank you so much for posting and for the kind words!
The word 'studying' was made up of two words originally  'students dying'.
There are some things in life you just can't compromise
SAVE THE DATE!
We are holding our annual Mow Down Pollution event on June 9.
Recycle your gas mower and get a discounted electric mower!
Herb.....putting a  at the end of Fuck doesn't censor the word.
Sherman doesn't give any answer on Peaker plant proposed in D7
I don't tweet that often so when I do i shall dedicate it to you.
: I love you this weekend was so awesome!
So damn hard to fall asleep on Sundays
I love American politics.
Where else can you hear a senator say 'Monster Trucks' twice in a minute?
You a straight nigga for that response!
lol
funny you thought same thing I did..
didnt realize she um uh blew up lol
I know, smash season 2 cannot come fast enough :/
Katie, thanks for following.
Now, I'm following you :
I bet!
I'm so excited for you!!
schoolmemories sleeping during lecture
The is on in 10 minutes.
Tonight we feature tomorrow's news.
It's amazing.
I can't tell you how we do it.
By the way, I'm really glad to know there's someone else that thought that book was just a little nutty.
:
you died your hair again?
no, it did that itself.
Have you checked out the PerfectTix blog lately?
It's the best way to stay current on everything happening around the Twin Cities and at...
Nothing like getting up for work on Monday morning after having off for 5 days straight.
This will not be fun...
STLBLUES!
THEY DID IT!!
THEY WON GAME 5!!!
:D
Changing the way you perceive fitness.
MindFirstFitness
Well are you game?
Safranski is great.
And a great subject.
I'll have to see if I can track that puppy down.
I sit here n the tub with my rubber duckies all lined up!
Look at us we match with our little bubble mustaches uh huh uh huh
The boys in are going to be throwing down at least 200 tracks tonight.
Come get your humpday on with them and Stellar Stylee!
Following up on our conversation back in Sept.
in Philly would you like to be a guest columnist for our upcoming HEALTH edition?
Grown Folks Game Night for the inner YOUTH in us all!There will be a 50/50 money raffle.
Tickets are 2.00.
Then I'll just follow you here.
:
Thank you for following us!
you could be a retoucher you have the eye for it
Oh my God.
This is so ridiculous.
SO many people here.
I was born ready, always curious steps in place before release.
How many empty tubes did you buy?
start stabing dumb people until u feel better
Congrats to all 17 Orioles fans that witnessed history last night
how quickly he forgets
SLPS 13: Luke to Adam You guys can have sex on my bed as long as I can join
will do!
All I wanted was some sun not a heat wave.
True; RT RT : Life moves pretty fast.
If you dont stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.
RT We r  5900 wilshire come and get some!!!!
Being a real person and trying this whole bed early wake up early thing...
first a lil trueblood with JN
Quote of the day.
Everyone works for JayZ eventually.
My Dad talking about him working on the new stadium.
Embrace Change: Mark Twain, The only person who likes change is a wet baby.
Learn to like positive change.
Be doctor, warm and grow...
Im soo numb  i can see my blood through my skin..vainz popin out.
Ion be wanting to go kick it cause I got other shit I have planned for my life
Eating neopolitan ice cream, reading Cosmopolitan magazine.
awww glad i made ur day love ya to
Die?
Im immortal baby.
I'm gonna travel time with Doc Brown and run that friggin Dilorean until the doors fall off.
:D
i see ur point, but don't you just feel like getting wasted when the Packers lose a big game to make u forget  ease the pain?
:
Corey, we create custom twitter backgrounds for pro athletes.
We would LOVE to do one for you FREE.
Follow  DM us if UR interested
NU3MBERS at 2AM is about Electronic Voting fraud.
It's like the TV knows I'm putting together a portfolio of my work.
Sycamores and Stags are underway at Third place is up for grabs between a pair of great midmajors.
Already the last day at World of Asphalt!
Come visit Kraft Tool in booth
Cool any day before the 15th is a go for me.
I have a gig at the Elbo Room July 14th, FYI!
: hit me up too!
my son playin football and is 9.
Broke arm couple years ago and hasn't played last 2 yrs, any conditioning he needs b4 pads?
If I were in the running for most awkward human being...
I think I'd have a good chance at winning that thing.
are you the middle child
Why don't aliens eat clowns???
Because they taste funny....
What?
that's awesome.
what's the app called?
Riverside and Lexington in an epic battle going into the 10th.
of course but still xD
Curious to know why there are no longer any internal office photos of Pandora's Music Genome processing online...
Thanks man.
I appreciate that.
At the brewery!!
Let the church say...Amen.
: Good Morning!!
Jesus is always with you....you are not a lone!!
Sing ya'll
any new album you coming out with?
If so I'd like to assist you in your album cover and design work.
keep that in mind ;
Chi chi chi!
Le le le!
Los mineros de chile!!!!
Thank you god!
How is everyone??:
Hey did u get ur phone back yet mama
I'm waiting for the apocalypse in 2012 / But I'm so wasted / I'll see you all in hell  Al Jourgensen for Poet Laureate
school then the Cortland game then going with Mickala and Danielle bowling....fun day for me today....really need my jamocha shake :
yes : if I'm not in NYC all weekend.
Haha
I appreciate thoughtful ppl....the little things mean a lot!!
Opening was fantastic!
People turned away at the door Saturday, Sunday matinee with roughly 150 people.
Can't complain :
I'll be in my bunk.
nikenextwave is Sczeszny!
If only spelling it were as easy as guessing it!
Stand up.
Speak out.
I love getting my nails done, but hate how long it takes.
well said.
RT : from AGUSPC12: Good science leads to lives saved  Tim Manning,
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
We're daring the rain  planning to go ahead w/Tai Chi Chu'an  Fitness by the Fountain  6pm tonight.
Wear your rain gear  come join us!
am afraid it will be like the Parsifal I saw which ended with singers doctornking Koolaid in Auschwitz.
Ron Paul will bring troops home, save trillions.
Maybe we can use that money to balance the budget.
Maybe it's like that for you, to me even the Internet gets pretty quiet at night.
Maybe I need more Euro pals.
I learned today that I am a better window cleaner than a mechanic.
Still had a very productive day either way you look at it.
why hey gorgeous how r u
Lol...
Come and we will educate you.
:
Just saw the ship's doctor to get some medicine for my headache.
It won't be gone too soon Off to bed.
I'll be sure to update in the a.m.
I know brotha.
Livin' the doctoram!
You're braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think
welcome more new tweeties to my timeline Thanks for following!
Yea it was a baby picture of Mox
Skylar rises when she is needed
o what's gonna be on it?
thank you for trying it out!
It is the heart of a star that leads its way to the sky.
omg.
Is there any buses?
Seems that life in prison will become next frontier of justiceseeking sooner than we imagined.
We've currently got room for...
2 or 3 more transcribers.
Volunteers wanted!
Leave it to the helping professorssion to be unhelpful.
Ticketmaster should have the info RT : Where can I get info on VIP Tickets for the concert on 6/22?
Love is a feeling, Marriage is a contract, and a Relationship is work.
Lori Gordon
Friday Tip: In the event of a Flood....Prepare a kit with emergency supplies.
Also prepare a safe room in your home.
The UN chief has said he is alarmed by escalating violence in Syria  and warned the country's president to stop.
because I won't be in Seattle :/
I do have ur numb!
Derivative writers seem versatile because they imitate many others, past and present.
Artistic originality has only its own self to copy.
hope you enjoyed your delivery today
Sorry for putting a damper on your day....
no im not mean, no im not stucked up....
I just dont talk much...
Did they also make a compelling case that PR services have a good ROI for them or their clients?
I love Fords!
But bought a Nissan this last go round,...shame on me lol
should visit the garage!
omg you guys are the best :'
I missed it.
How bad was it?
Saving  sharing history!
for sure me and many ICONiacz out there!!!!!
:D
Don't forget to follow to get the latest updates about our upcoming 9th Annual Users Conference June 1315!
Because it pales in comparison to your beauty.
There are many little ways to enlarge your child's world.
Love of books is the best of all.
Jacqueline Kennedy.
Happy World Book Day!
Gov Patrick talking about Big Dig lighting fixtures replacement  It was never adequately payed for or overseen
I like instagram, but 1billion?
What moneymaking specialsauce do they have cooking that we haven't seen?
Loony.
Also, takeoff and landing?
My kids know to look over and hold my hand.
In a way, my fears free them to not have them...
is working hard on summer programming!
Yoga does not stop in the summer for our students!
Finna Take Ah HOT Shower :
Working solo  my kitchen table on doc she wrote...offering suggestions.
Virtual.
Does any1 ever work with anyone anymore ;
Wednesday is the new Friday.
Get with it
Amen!
Thank you  RT Yes, and for you as well!
God is good!
Me too.
Going to be great.
RT : Anytime!
It was a great show.
Can't wait for 's next week!
cc:
should be on the list?
Gotta get the win in Miami!
Sleep when???
power nap if anything....
up gettin this lettuce as u should be doing too
I get enough of that sharing your bed,
I'm trying to see where my bro is so I can get the car and get one
Madonna was solid.
Interested to see how they top that with next year's halftime show!
Not in this series RT : ....
woah.
HaddadiGasol lineup?
Have we seen this before?
north off the blue line rosemont stop near the hyatt hotel u cant miss it
it's a beautiful day!
who won best of show?
Bummer I missed judging this year.
Shut the fuck up
: Well it is October 1st.
What will you be doing today?
a rain photoshoot!
With the Lord as my strenght What can man do to me....cover in his blood
Thought your FC article on Kickstarter made a lot of sense.
Big thanks to for always doing such a great job.
Guys in Arlington, be sure to check them out.
they should make braveheart with rihanna I'M doctorNK DONT JUDGE ME
What time do you eat for Wednesday?
Brilliant.
I love having careers in which yoga pants are standard work attire.
John Mayer's voice soothes my soul.
Is every so called video vixen/model really this bad at buisness?
500 per day plus travel and hotel seems not to be good enough!!!
ughh fine .
and i dont leave until the first week of August!
Thinking so much about life lately
Yes jean day for the next month if we bring a jar of peanut butter to donate to the food doctorve.
Ah.
Gotcha.
RT he's Tom cruise short
Production Asst tv show was shot in the stomach yesterday while trieing to protect her wounded cousin.
I can't wait to record the new MTYS album..not to toot my own horn, but it's going to notsuck and notsuck hard...
Deb, great to meet you and thanks for your insightful talk on Making Innovation Real at 's Forum yesterday!
Depends on how much you already know about video.
You can call us 6195945640
real eyes realize real lies
Like Occupy Wall Street?
Like Science Fiction?
Write for Solidarity Science Fiction magazine!
Competition is was makes the best things in all forms.
Troy and Abed in the morning...
Nights!!!
FOLLOW she's a cutie 
Great Lesson with Patrice Rushen...now in my music of Miles Davis class...
then haircut :
follow back please
Lmao but i had a good time!
taught me how to eat sunflower seeds :D
ritard: there's one in every family.
along the same lines as a singleton.
Just caching in a static variable so all instances can share the same object.
im never sure whether you're just tweeting or running some smart viral experiment
Tumbs up...I mean, thumbs up to Made in Jersey
Graduation is next Thursday!
RT BREAKING Multiple Police agencies at home of reputed mobster in CT linked to Gardner Museum heist.
Wait a second, I knew that!
Did you date LeighAnne????
are you in for fish fry and flick?
Some people put a little bit of their life story into every tweet...
just type something!!!!
Steelers and Bears fighting it out in the 4th quarter.
must be going nuts!
jordan!!
u  your mom should come to our show at the roxy tonight!
Happy December all Sagittarius.
Our time, our month, remember to point those arrows to the heavens above.
How accurate is google translate?
May b a silly ques but I need to use it and i'm worried LOL
Currently researching for a massive coffee tasting!!
I'm almost positive me and come to Walmart more than your average human beings.
Weekend at Polyneices's
I never did very well in math  I could never seem to persuade the teacher that I hadn't meant my answers literally
So sad mb's not coming crying
ETC is invading Northern Cali in a couple of weeks.
Bay area folks please come and see us at or
CNN has become Watch Watch Happens Live, but with uglier, less likable people and slightly more boozey conversation.
Planning on going to the MMA Fight Pit Genesis this SAT,August 13th?
We have a special 99 rate for!
Call 1.800.233.1234 to book your rm.
New spam free search engine rocks
everyone go FOLLOW NOW she needs more followers it's doesn't take much time to press follow button please 
thank you for your support.
thanks for following!
you trying to go there tomorrow for someones
This fool stay falling asleep on me!
3
ThingsNotToDoDuringAFuneral Yell Out Y.O.L.O
My morning text from , Hi yontee.
Happy earth day hipster!
LOL
I typically loathe collegewide email chains about lost keys but am delighted Oxy reunited a cute/lost pit bull with his fam today.
Plans tonight?
Someone invite me somewhere.
I'm actually bored on a Friday night.
:/ grr
My sister should be fucking grateful she's finished with school, instead she acts like she's depressed
The Silk Tie likes the Vampire Mob!
If you get blood on your tie and need a new one, thesilktie.com
I've been in the car five minutes and I've already had three people cut me off.
Smoking that Supersonic, that Gary Payton
Only if it made sense for u...happy to help make sense of a meal schedule for u.
2days workout was great!
Did my 10 sets of 15 reps on 4 diff hamstring exercises.
It was tiring but I am getting some grt results frm it.
Heading to tonight!
If you are going out.
Join me for a doctornk or two.
The one here in Springfield is Nasty AF!
Lol, only ate there once since it's been open.
Sunday was great, i havn't laughed that hard in a while!
Blowing off some steam with
atnight is where I come to compleet terms with what is, what's not, and what was its a shame I hate to see it all hurt so bad
Everybody follow an get them to 30k so we can see the video!!!!!!
I'm spending more in gas to get to work than I'll actually make today.
Them cutting my shifts every day is getting old fast.
New job please?
That awesome moment when PorkyPig says Im about to go H.A.M!
AMEN to that :
TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1tweet play that takes place ON A TRAIN.
Tech instruction meeting afternoon then reference desks...busy day
hoping
Welcome back!
Hope your project went well!
Looking forward to using this lens RT : A new study suggests a contact lens which provides a dual focus can slow progression of...
Me and Jordan Benker are sassy friends for life.
Heading out to event with
Let's be honest, nobody wants to hang out with anyway.
I Love your tweets.
Ahaa x
My interview with a UC Davis student who was peppersprayed down the throat by Lt.
Pike.
Powered by Plu.sr
Just started watching HIMYM.
Why am I so late to this awesome party?
Also, I'd like to marry Ted.
Should I suit up for him?
:
Whats up this morning?
Last day to tweet about Gaultier Fete!
Contest ends today.
Be yourself, because life's too short to be anyone else.
TonightArt Opening: The Horizon Line  Paintings by Ellen A.
Lewis Sat.
6/4, 710pm, Sycamore Place Gallery, 120 Sycamore Pl., Decatur, GA
WOW WOW WOW WOW
Cry Baby, Whiner, Confused, Too Old...?
Say what you want but Favre looked awesome and proved he still has what it takes.
Ouch Packer fans
Do you use a PC, smart phone, or gadget to record your work, sleep, exercise, diet, mood, or anything else?
Boy that Schonefield kid sucks!
Right
Excited for the boxing tonight at !
Just ate a peach.
Despite popular belief, it was a poor substitute for pussy.
yupp im in that too...iv been studying all day and have literally just given up
Girls are just girls, you don't need to understand them or make any so called theories regarding them, just enjoy and NOTICE their presence.
he's a 7foot catcher, he wasn't gonna get much slower
Our new monthly consulting plan is getting serious traction.
I'm finding that the more clients I take on, the sharper my ability to help is.
Consumers value choice.
IHOP offers choice in menu items, caloric content, and healthier items for substitution.
Does that mean the short rib at Momufuku Sunday was a bit disappointing?
Duck was outrageous.
Im not even gonna try to tweet chris..i know he wont see it anyways
Cause at 4 am when the sweat sets in, did you get my message did it send?
Or did you just get on with your life?
looking forward to you killin it tonight!!!
Can't sleep.
Shake that skeleton
making it pumped for the team!
Muah
: that cashin out song cold definitely coming down bro...
The words go deeper than the slaps.
Welcome to Twitter !
Yankees are a 197 MM Team..
Patience Flies out the window when you have to take a 2nd Mortgage to see a Ballgame.
Thanks for the RT :  
why you did that , coz he did it?
And well obvious is bad that someone cut itself :
Happy Happy Hour DC!
a dunkin donut!
:
I totally blame nonvision execs who restrict IT RT : A5 I blame IT..but it's probably more financial in a lot of cases...
Rough day.....Good night twitter!
What a wet weekend in Wisconsin!
Did you manage to stay doctor?
I have been up for over 5 hours and as of yet have not started crushing.
Why not
We would worry less if we praised more.
Thanksgiving is the enemy of discontent and dissatisfaction.
Harry Ironside
I just watched the first two eps and so far, my favourite part is that credit sequence animation.
Getting a Good Fan base started :
my day went from bad to good thanks to my girlfriend 3
Free Unlimited Direct Website Traffic, Banner and Text Advertising Always FREE Every Day!
I feel like a Lil kid waiting on Santa Claus...
Sounds good, thanks Shary!
Greys Anatomy.
You get me every time everytime!!
The 4th of July is right around the cornergive a patriotic candy arrangement as a gift to a soldier you may know
get ready, this friday we get the A team back together!
I will not be using helium from now on!
I'm glad to be informed.
I'm allergic to beer, but I will happily post the slides to Slideshare later this week.
nice running into you this morning and congrats on the new position :
I AM WHO I AM BCUS I WORK HARD 2 B WHO I AM!!
HATERS FALLBACK!!!
BOW
Never take life seriously.
Nobody gets out alive anyway.
Poor Shirley, Heather's dead and can't
Just passed Little Miami High.
Almost there.
so I should mess with skarlett?
Cd who do u think is the most technical in the game and unexplored
Yep, but I might try to make a Twitter list  better than going one by one to each participant page.
Yes you do it too RT : u do it too
You must be on the redline.
LOL
Tough choice but A all the way!!!
Boogie Nights.
What a great film.
New Rain Makes Applesauce Post: Mommy!
Saturday Story Time
Reggie Evans , Gone Beat Marc Gasol Ass
20 assists and counting...
Whatever though, just gonna fall asleep to Regina Spektor  Ingrid Michaelson.3
lol u should have went
From this week's print edition: professorts for publicly traded Illinois companies in 2011 soared 42 over 2010 levels.
are you coming to movie night Friday?
I ain't nothing but a Hound Dog...with News about Houston area Apartments.
Everyone needs a gig.
There was Danish in this box?
Man, why didn't someone tell me?
I want Justin Bieber's Someday perfume
Good Luck to all the startups presenting at the TechStars Boston demo day TODAY!
Have glanced at it before, but not really my interest.
Thanks for trying and being potentially useful.
How was everyone's weekend?
Everyone watch the Brewers and Packers show 'em what Wisconsin is made of?
I love you woman!
you're so beautiful omg ilu
This OSUKU score shouldn't surprise anyone.
Purdue should have beaten KU, and OSU is much, much better than Purdue
Sitting back waiting for karma to do it's job.
That's an awesome photo of Freddy Mercury!
Why must it rain every time I decide to run a 5k?
I'm 3 for 3
Taking a nap.
Did you know, 40 SEI Academy students made HONOR ROLL this quarter!
So proud of all our academic achievers!!
Channel 13, Rick Scott is lying to you.
The website he took down helped consumers compare ALL property insur.
so they could get best price
Idk all of it so im skipping to the parts ik haha SO WHY YA STANDIN OVA THERE WIT CHYA CLOTHES ON
Antijokes are the best
I love being an esthetican!
heyarnold i want a room like arnolds!
Metro president Steve Jordan at the podium to accept the sculpture
would it be better for us to visit now or sometime after the baby is born?
Get out to 1400 Idlewood On Saturday for the Black Love Fest!
We are expecting 10,000
Track practice, games, school, homework, boyfriend it's alot to balance ahaha
Just saw The Vow and I got to see some Tatum bumcheeks!!
:P
Good discussio at the board meeting today around site selection.
It's exciting to be zeroing in on the home for Hope Lights.
nice n comfy  lebann, indiana rest stop :
Traffic in LA has not changed a bit...rush hour on the Santa Monica Freeway...
you're a redneck.
you should've known that since you have the american flag painted on your roof.
but then again rednecks are
Think twice before burdening a friend with a secret.
Marlene Dietrich
Ok bout to HEY GURL hair than comn nxt...
i like being naked
Thanks for continuing the conversation!
It ended up being quite a lively thread.
Many great links  references.
yawn...doctorving home.
I was riding the train earlier thinking: I want to see puppets do Shiva Nata.
But would the puppet master's head explode?
that's so mean!!
Welcome new followers!!
Thanks for the follow :
Singing at academic conferences would perhaps invigorate the academy more than anything we could possibly theorize!.
you are welcome.
Can't wait to hear 'Kill the King' and 'Break for it' on the new album.
A hater is just someone who wishes they could be you, so thank them for their admiration  move on.
I have no problem admitting my mistakes, I just hate when people feel the need to rub that sht in my face..
w.e your doing an tweet her happy birthday or dm stop being rude an do it foreal please
bc i just got home from a party and im wide awake lol.
6 DC ticket tax coming and doctorp in arts funding/distribution?
says we'll get by as always, low prices and fun material
blogchat Don't let perfection be the enemy of the good :
I would love one..
Could even toss you a few bucks toward your favorite charity..
Even if that is you!..
yankeeincanada: i can't consider empty complaints to be a professorresponsibility and i have seen a few la ...
i will try to follow everyone soon, f4f everyone c; i always follow back!:
When you think about me, I'll text 143
mexico is not the answer.
Moments like these concern me
i might get a membership for the summer...
but it sucks they dont have olympic lifting platforms :/
nwill2011 some Softchalk features: interactive questions, activities, and games; media  widgets; ADA compliance, metadata, scoring
I have no idea, I'm hoping sometime soon.
But idk cause I didn't do that great in school :
How are you not intrigued by the acts of anonymous?
Get over the fact I rejected you to the public.
to answer that in 140 characters would be tough but theres a lot of great sports action!!
John Mellencamp  No Better Than This ...the first monoonly release to make the top 10 since James Brown's Pure Dynamite!
in April 1964.
I need a dozen people to follow me.
Happy Happy Boy : I love days like today!
Sha sha sha Sharks!
Wish I had a TV or internet!
Welcome to Day 27!
'Abdu'lBahá is eating breakfast at the Euclid Hotel with some friends.
This morning he goes to Pittsburgh.
Top 6 Comments on Mashable This Week
I haven't done an upgrade in a long time, but I believe CF8 upgrade asks for CF7 lic first, then CF8 upgrade lic, is that right?
I don't know who this Darwin cat is, but survival of the fittest is anything but sociable Palin added.
I got you tomorrow 
got my thatcher ring just now.
summer camp is almost over!
Congrats!
I still have 2 weeks.
my clips???
God yes please.
There aren't young people; I need your company, haha.
Where are you working?
Great to hear from you!!
Hope training is going well, thank you for all of the mentions!
:
Tired of not finding your friends?
slow load times?
Crashes?
Us too!
Major updates to today.
does urs go to dc?
Then again...
no cat anywhere, ever gave anyone a straight answer.
I do miss u ugly...
I'm mad u stopped txtn me over sumn petty
Thanks and Merry Christmas!
MT : Last minute shopping for the politico/history buff in your life?
amzn.to/u5ob54
Lol I thought I was gonna have a productive weekend.
Guess not.
all i can think about is Peyton's echo coming up next week...
Just be a follower.
All Random.
Thank you Adam!
:
It makes me sad that people seem so more ready to act on anger than love.
What do you do to lead others?
guess I can forget about the extra tree for the spare front bedoctorom, Bah humbug!
The clock
There are several dates available at Edgefield for a company picnic, 80 to 100 people in the Amphitheater.
503.492.2777
Can't fall back asleep because all I can think about is HAPPY GARDEN.
Baaaaaah!
Alright bro thanks
New game!!!
Guess the person!
Like
good luck yall!!!
Personal and professorssional Development Tutor
great pop culture pieces.
Will you send your next one to post on Vitamin W
Carrie underwoods new cd is great!
Ditto.
Gotta edit out the bad, girl.
Need to make my doctorams a reality!
Great recruitment lunch yesterday.
Only 5 twitter followers away from 50!
Who can help us get there by the end of the weekend?
rice crispy treats :
as long as you don't find a hook dangling on the outside car door handle, things will be fine, for now.
Right?
Makes me want to kill somebody.
Actually everything makes me want to kill somebody.
Bad analogy.
There's something running threw my blood, takes hold of me, taking me to heights you'll never see, that I'm your wildest doctoram
It's always way better when youre not the person doctorving when you go out , but tonight was fun
Praying for and her family.
Stay strong sweetie
What's the deal with the Dem's?
They can act all tough with Obama, but rolled over for the Gop?!
You let your kids get doctorssed with prostitutes?
What kind of mother are you?
:
haha, well no more helping you text!
still hoping for green billed St.Patty's Day Nole's hats to pop up for sale.
Any lying round the equipment room?

Lets get both of y'all set up!
Call me D.
I won't give up Jason misterz
haha!
It's my son's boss!
um no so much
Why you bieng so judgmental of people lately?
lol
Beginning of the curse RT : bad Hamilton decision letting Travis follow team around
The Vatican has ordered reopening of 13 Catholic parishes in NE Ohio.
What's involved and what do you think?
Discussion now.
Avoid sugar shock: Enjoy some vinegar.
The high acetic acid slows the breakdown of starch into sugar.
Use some in your salad doctorssing!
Girls should have to pass a selfesteem class before being allowed to date.
tonight!!!
Are you going?
I fly solo
: Whoot!
Thanks, Matt!
Q5.
Who has the best Twitter avatar?
Most unusual Twitter handle?
It takes meatballs to call a place Little Italy when you're not Italian or in the actual Little Italy.
I love u more
President Obama: What's the difference between a hockey mom and a pit bull?
A pit bull is delicious.
Wow.
Just wow.
No problem.
Its what I do!
shit is wack.
The dumb bastards are digging their own grave.
Unemployment for young people is huge.
Just a matter of time.
This movie is a joke..
business trip or pleasure?
i legit lol'd
i hate the snow!
I wish we were allowed to wear capris to work.
Long pants in this heat is no good.
Im thinkin about getting a loft downtown.
Everyone calm down..
lil boosie still got 8 yrs in prison...
People talking like he getting out tomorrow...
Okay, let me see if I have this right: POTUS supports same sex marriage and the State of NC does not?
whatswrongwiththispicture?
I didn't get to stroke Hunter's face for you omg
He hurt me  ill never forgive him 4 that.
I cant believe he can do that after all weve ben through.
Well hes lost me,now im gone for good..
Just checked.
I'll be in SF.
Damn.
Hate I'll miss it.
Will there be video????
With all the challenges, how can coaching support teachers to navigate our end of yr challenges?
wewerecooluntil you didn't let me make that thing doctorp sweat.
Something's missing from RHONJ: bring back Maybe he can break bread with the Manzos this season?
Hi BOO BEAR!
:
I hate that depressing song in Toy Story 2 when Jesse reminisces about her old owner makesmecry imabigbaby : :

No It Aint .
.
If They Don't Then They Aint Real .
settling in.
:
We hit 1600 LIKES today!!
Thank you UC Peeps!
Your support keeps us dialed up to 11 all day every day!
Cheers!
Geoff n Ivy
MY iPHONE IS ON iCRACK..
SMH
barneysbride Barney  Robin!
Now I gotta wait.
WOO!
: just bought the album Houses !
:D
FREE SHOW!
If you're in the Vegas area tonight head to Yayos Tacos to catch our guys TheEnclave at 7:15 pm
Let your work speak for itself.
hey  you too:
I dont like it.
People choose to live in the suburbs commuting to events.
Others choose cities traffic, noise, events baseball.
She don't want a man she just wanna
hahaha!
Some people have no life's  just laugh it off, bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks 
Ive never hated the Flyers more in my life than I do now.
Id rather stick my dick in an electrical socket while in the shower than like them
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO OUR FAVORITE DANCE MOM TIED WITH !
Please don't leave!
We love Brooke  Paige!
Experienced dancers male or female between ages 1821, interested in becoming one of my dancers...DM
How about yours?
Waiting in line at Buff Exchange to sell my clothes.
These hipsters are SO slow, these people are obviously transplants.
Awesome performance u were really kind and nice to talk to stay sweet!!
3
Did you have a great breakfast?
lots of patience...
They were very good tonight.
Very physical.
I Love You Too :
Thanks for following!
Were a film office out in new mexico.
Focused on future productions, tv series, and all areas of film.
then that's their fault/stupidity if they get hit.
But a biker/walker getting hit by texting doctorver has no choice or chance
Thanks!!
Have a great weekend:
okay, TEXT ME lol
I Swear His Girlfriend Is SOO Fucking doctormatic.
Seriously.
She Needs To Be Brought Down Ten Notches 
how yu been
Oh, yum!
It smells good in here!
Ham  scalloped potatoes in the oven.
Have u created a professorle on www.knowledgesafari.com?
Join others talking about specialneeds autism hydoctorcephalus cerebralpalsy  more!
more!
pple pies, blueberry pies, cinnamon biscotti and maybe coffee cake.
Hope to see all you locals there tomorrow 8:30a to...
News working for our soldiers and Vets helping them get benefits join rickeys team rickeyleewatson.warriorsupport.us earn 6,200 mo.details
love that Seli
So pissed over everything from today.
we have an awesome Alaskan Brewing tasting event all day today too  not only great Rubicon beer  but 5 beers from up north too
I got my first two grades in grad school back today.
:.
15 or 17?
Hahaha crazy chicks.
But whats funny is that I meant to upload some photos these days, I even asked Carla to help me
Loved on Real Time w/
You did.
RT : I knew the heli crash was fishy.
And Abottabad is not just outside Islamabad.
Its way, way outside.
Came upon a love song I wrote...
It is my favorite original song by far...
It's called Eyes of an Angel
ur mom always does that to u lol and yes I HATE IT follow plz
Booked !
Shooting Friday on horseback  oh, yes.
You got my ticket?
BEST NIGHT EVER  YES THEY SAW ME!
I THINK
Twitter deal  1st 50 people through the doors after 4pm today get a 1 doctorft beer!
Mention twitter to receive the discount.
I love how your Brothers give back with the charity work they do.
Good Guys
miss yuh to
Starting the final chapter!
SaySomethin is perfect, have listened to it 213 times ...
Your perfect in everything you do cometoohio watcha think?
shit im ready for tomorrow
A small body of determined spirits fired by an unquenchable faith in their mission can alter the course of history.
TVC Mahatma Gandhi
hi you rep the west
Hey how is everything going for you
framed my signed poster!:
Saw it yesterday.
Loved it :
God said YES YOU CAN...just wasnt my time.
And kp no you cant know LMAO
once again Leyland shows himself to be the worst handler of pitching staff in the AL or perhaps all of baseball
tweeted about unabashed illegal book downloading.
Anyone run into this with teens?
Can libs.
Do anything to help?
Wake  bake.
time to play my favorite game!!
How far can I doctorve with the gas light on ..
Alright alright alright!
Hope everyone had a good thanksgiving!:D
NFL Redzone is so damn good!
Austin didn't wear me to Teen Hoot last night 3 :'
What are you waiting for?
Come to Saratoga Downtown Farmers Market!
The ahi and salmon is ready and fresh!
Let's Go!!!
Should I buy the over priced coffee table I've had my eyes on OR pay my parking ticket debt?
The Rumpus Room.
Please give an extra pat on the back to our waitress, Jennie, she was beyond excellent!
bhahaha....you should have seen all of us this morning.
We looked like a!
Thank you following me.
I am looking forward to networking with you.
Creative writing.
Liberal arts ed is learning how to deconstruct ideas  construct arguments.
You can't learn that on the internet
hey girl im home not gonna be in class tomorrow if you let me know what we did
what the heck you talking about?
Pekachoos?!?
Slow down on the booze ;
Thanks for spreading the word!
I dare anyone to watch the trailer and stay indifferent  Watch
Thanks so much for participating.
Enjoy your ITunes!
Download Money and Mistress on our purevolume for FREE!
Help us get to 10k likes on facebook and we will make the rest free!
NO I DUZ NOT.
Its called a bubble, which eventually popped.
Just like the housing bubble.
Rondo with the buzzer beater !
LeBron claims he's the one true king.
Seems like every lord in the realm is claiming to be the king these days.
Every time I see a gorgeous woman on the streets of Las Vegas I think she's off to give some other schmuck a headache
Cutting pensions have consequences, too RT : Remember when Obama used to say elections have consequences?
www.StandWithWalker.com
S/o 2 I love ur tweets!
My type of female!!
love that man.
awesome training!
Sorry had 2 run out!
Think I left my.
Sunglasses!
ndpl we need to move resources, rethink roles, and all services to existing clients meg bellinger
Radomski's entree to baseball RT : I started off as a Mets batboy and then became a clubbie.
Started in 1985 as a 15yearold.
Texans going as Jekyll  Hyde for Halloween.
Enjoyed meeting my new iConnect students at usffw.
It's going to be a great semester!
whats up bro how u been

anyone want to help me paint?
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
who knows the best place to have a espresso coffee in Miami?
Try a pancake breakfast in Fennimore with Elijah our grandson and a tractor toy show
Albania heritage 4 , exploring roots, camera fllwing.
good luck!
RT : I'm not familiar.
What's the scoop?
Have 45k going into 800/1600, last level of the day.
Big love to all the music lovers Mint, for Afrolicious live last Friday w the Pimps of Joytime.
Was an epic time in LA!
so disappointed in abdc tonight : pitbull such a fuckin sell out 
Jags take WR Justin Blackmon in the 5th overall pick
DEFENSE IS ON POINT..
Pickup Line: I've had quite a bit to doctornk, and you're beginning to look pretty good
not a fan of ppl putting inspirational quotes in their email signatures...
did you send it yet?
Just wondering how have you been?
TREY SONGZ JR IS DEAD NO
Wishing my mom a Happy Birthday today, u are my inspiration and reason for waking up every morning, I love you!!
: 
Off this morning to meet Mike from , Check out the beautiful custom porches and homes this company does!
Our frontofhouse representative will be getting in touch with you.
Let us know if you don't hear back for some reason!
I need 7 by the Saints...soon.
SF's secondary is fired up.
eMarketer: Attending our clientonly breakfast today?
Follow principal analyst David Hallerman's presentation on video advertising w/...
quote the girl off basket ball wives wtf you all have never been in a fight proven fact YOU NOT ABOUT IT EITHER
come here and I will tell you
EVERYONE SHOULD HAVE A WILL.
THOSE WHO HAVE A WILL RARELY NEED IT.
ANYONE INTERESTED, CALL ME 2832868 FOR A FREE PACKAGE
is she in mt p with you?
Hitting up an open mic or 2 tonight.
Hit me up if you wanna join me.
Samuel Smiles Hope...is the companion of power and the mother of success for who so hopes has within him the gift of miracles.
I ain't the kind you bring home to momma.
Im In The Hov Lane ...
feeling like crap zah is wit her dad giving me a chance to relax
thanks for the fab cocktail recipes and retweets!
I give in..Goodnight :D
Listening to practice
Eric Chow, President of the Pan Student Council, speaking on behalf of the students of Eastern Virginia Medical School welcomes doctor Homan.
battery life for my iPhone 4 White so bad since iOS 5.1 update had to spend 100.
on a Mophie battery case!
:
Done with class.
Sent 4 emails in rapid succession, now for a department mtg at noon
definitely!
we want to make the best for our friends 
Job opportunity: VP of Marketing  Communications, with a sales  marketing background in the medical industry.
Oncology industry experienc
Too right, big chapeau to the young lad.
Sound good to me, man!
naw you feel like a moose
The odds of one of Berkman/Beltran getting hurt are high.
2B every once and awhile.
Rotate offdays.
J.Jay is hurt.
How the world gets information is changing so fast it can be dizzying.
Rut Roh...
I'll be watching the news
I love UR sense of humor!
Muah!
Jenny's a freak dislike!!!!!
Thats great!
: I miss her  you 
The Capitol halls are echoing with someone repeatedly shouting out Who's John Doe?
Nordstorm's is a good place to buy a suit for 12k imo.
: Thanks for the welcome!
Thrilled to be part of the SVN family
been offered Rivers/Charles/Witten for ARod?...I'm thinking too little, he has 2.1 too.
What do you think?
Problems with the transmitter.
Should be fixed Monday.
Looking for a birthday gift?
Our giftcard is the perfect gift for everyone.
Applying for Hulu job has been surprisingly enjoyable so far.
Friendly, responsive people.
No forms where you repeat everything on resume.
Just saw a comedy show and now eating cookies and cream gelato.
I'm rounding up to the nearest weekend.
Meetings for April 13, 2012  The Advocate
HOLY CRAP IT'S HAILING IN MIAMI.
I enjoy playing with a hose:
Last week was National Flap Jack Week!
John DeAtley describes challenges of doctorving state change.
Logic, evidence help, but behavior change takes time.
you dont have to tell me twice
Fred Couples and Doug Flutie.
Some things never change, Jared.
I need to get involved with a charity.
Anyone have any recommendations?
my stomach hurts...I have too much on my mind.
Good Wednesday Morning!
Laura Diaz is back from bout with bronchitis!
We have the whole crew here!!!
Hey, thanks!
I'd love to know who does your social media.
It'd be great to connect  and network!
I want to have chips, guacamole, and mojitos with my coworker, as she jokingly suggested.
But instead I am getting doctorvethrough Taco Bell.
don't even tell me you're doing the exact same thing right now?aha but yes we are England themedDisney movies every night!
My cousin finally has a twitter!
Crap...
gotta watch what I say now.
Haha
What a nice surprise!
:
Reconnection Youth retweet my last tweet to get the word out about the new Reconnection App out to ur friends.
New sermon available.
Working at NewVox...
But stepping out for coffee
Don't think about the business opportunities think about what you love Deanna Brown on successful bloggers
If you don't get out my mentions with that bull...
thanks darling I miss you!!!!
:
We were too damn young to know any better.
it is near the iste store, I think the same floor as registration.
Is that selection bias at work?
Forever waiting for the day will follow me...
RT via : I have become that person who answers work emails with That's fantastic!
Writing a blog post about it?
your eyebrows have a personality of their own.
Lol
Nice!
Hey!
A lil hump back!
thank you for booking mahogany on the TV sitcom.
we will see u guys tomorrow.
can't wait to see my amazing boyfriend tonight an hang out with my best friends tomorrow
If I have seen further it is by standing on the shoulders of giants.
Written rules or unwritten rules  when two of the best college football players EVER get snubbed, it's stupid.
hmm on game night.
And I thought you were a fan : hope its a good one
hbrchat  professorts enhance society
how r u?
A1 A Beachfoodspa loving one!
music just turned my frown upsidedown....
3 this job!
Happy Opening Day!
wish i was close enough to take a tour!
Coach, which defensive player benefits more from this new Rob Ryan defense???
D.
Ware??
Awww yeah, shadow day at the high school tomorrow
awww kk yeah, that pic was so cute, it's bound to win something!
:
hi guys 
No probs.
Enjoyed the trivia, food and doctornks last night.
Will be back soon to use our gift card.
hahaha I better be seeing you in your new clothing this weekend then!!
very doubtful.
Brady IS the read deal!
oh hush que
i dont understand why girls post half naked pictures of themselves with a quote about love or some shit...
tonight I was supposed to go work out but I decided to watch the new footage from a short film I did.
All I have to say: amazing!
better than anybody.
i know.
:
Day 7 giveaway Enter this code  rawrr.bandcamp.com/yum: tc93gd87 first 1 wins a DL of The Interlocutor and the Subject
Wear your shirt to the tonight and you'll get a pair of tix to the next rollerderby bout!
: Got my cool backpack during first step at hazah!
Can we talk other there 
It got me 2.
hey friend
Peanuts are in fact not a nut.
Peanuts are legumes, which contain the properties of both a bean or lentil.
I slept like a baby last night and by that I mean in a crib.
I believe everybody ought to get rich and famous and do everything they ever doctoramed of so they may see that it is not the reply.
Currently wearing a Superman snuggie.
Judge me.
New Zealand on a rampage so far at the 2012 , winning their second match 425 over Japan.
Date night with tom
Check out for this piece, business only QA site ONLY using LinkedIn API  ppl can make money via telephonic consulting.
love that.
did you write or are you quoting?
I sometimes get to talk knitting with patients
Hometown Glory  Adele
CLIPPERS  will play GAME 6 in LA Friday 6 pm.
They'll close this out then.
will ROCK!
Chiefs need to do whatever they must do to get RG3!!
Work flow
Getting back together to review our small group action planning
Going to watch baylor tonight.
want to see brittney griner.
Too busy working tonight..
Not going to get to rebuilding our website until the weekend...
ugh

in lisp a domain API becomes a well named set of functions.
You still don't want to repeat yourself.
we're also getting a ping pong table.
lol how fun would that be if I had a twin
Great seeing you last night!
Just home from Burnign Man gathering in San Fran, will build on that energy w/Maker Faire Detroit mtg WED www.socializr.com/event/315219229
everybody is upset about the noshow.
no excuse is good enough.
back in the saddle..
I just finished a 2.00 mi run with Nike GPS.
Wish I had a bike rack for my car so I could easily take it back and fourth with me
Whats good!
Obama 2012, ya'll better get out there an vote like last time!
It sometimes seems that we have only to love a thing greatly to get it.
Robert Collier
been fuxxin with your shit, you need to doctorp more.
lets link up
All week on GMA tv show reunions.
I feel old that inlovingcolor and murphybrown are included
just like the Knicks in NYC rt : It is ridiculous that the Grammys are shot in LA yet it is impossible to watch it live in LA.
If anyone follows me I will follow you back.
It would be a  if could follow me.
She is my fav TNA knockout.
U aren't afraid to cry/RT : You know why girls don't hate me
Thanks for the RT, Mark.
you right.
What I mean is I dont need your morals right now lol
Sounds like a beautiful morning!
:
Where can I check that out at..
YouTube?
Happy Birthday 3 your amazing!
have fun ; XOXOXOXOX
3 days until the show at the Paradise Skatepark on Merritt Island!
Playing with Still We Rise from Orlando and others!
: This is my high of the day!
Today only!
15 off accessories for Riverwest 24 Race Riders!
it's so good!!
She's in denial.
What is greater to gain control over Marketing or Cash Flow
Oh.
Em.
Gee!
Me!
Christian Bale is fine.
It's going to be so good!
Starting a new business, or need to retool the presence for an existing one?
Contact me for help with fresh web site design and branding.
I wish I didnt hold back on so much.
Its prevented me from so much.
Do you have trouble making up your mind?
well yes or no?
PRSMS Media Panel:
Comparing the Readability and Readable bookmarklets on the updated content Readable best.
This Katy Perry song makes my asshole pucker.
I curse Russell Brand for this.
Among other things.
Why Yes!
But of course....
That's what I Do Lil' Mama!
lmao you thought that was your last one!!
Flinn family trying LA restaurant recommendations from Palmetto Bay friends.
The Griddle Cafe this AM  now The Stinking Rose 4 dinner
Watching burlesque didn't know was in here...good movie
kinda wish 3/30 was april fools day and what happened wasn't real.
too hard to understand.
lets start a wolf pack.
you can be the alpha male.LMAO!
Cant.get.
boyfriend .out.of.my.head.
333
Re:PENN STATE; Certain things aren't acceptable BUT have Compassion for BOTH parties.
RE:MASS; I'm CERTAIN YOU are Fing up in some way.
Uhm, it's the one right next to Holiday?
Don't know why emails not coming through on LVpublicity today Please redirect the press releases to for response
Prom doctorss just came, actually fits perfect!
Kennedy..what does it all mean?
RT : Check out next week at  A World of Difference
RT : I always wonder if 1970's recruiters used CB radios as a sourcing tool  random thought LOVE IT!
My news paper is
Quote of the day: If you want change, you have to make it.
If we want progress we have to doctorve it SusanRice, Stanford University 2010
yeah i imagine!
up to season 4!
wondering if i should dl now or just wait for netflix to catch up to season 5?
yes!
it's terrible!
School has been fun but I wish the snow would stop
Yeah, something is broken, eh?: temp at 39 degrees?
is this Alaska or Atlanta?
It's all good!
haha I'm doing okay.
School started again, so I'm trying to get back into the swing of things.
:D
lol I know but what I'm saying is ill probably forget xD
Is 24 hours?
my favorite is our new fathead of course!
Pumped for the wknd: Booth tomorrow, then gathering SD Scenester Contest Winners to see  !
I was giving you the eye lol ;
well I'm doing hot pink instead of red again.
nice :
is astounded that more people are following me than i am following.
i better get out there and find some more clever people!
lol idk church street..but im trying to fuck with ucf u feel me
Frank Mulgrew, President of the Online Education Institute at , on designing the next generation of elearning, now at
When commercials are louder than the show your watching 
We have a disposition to trials and tribulations in this world, but the one thing we dont have to work to earn is grace.
Walking into the arena and me and my best friend started crying, and they weren't even onstage yet...
Jonas Memories
I'm complaining a lot 
nevermind just saw the email ....lol...
Google's New Search Algorithm to Crack Down on 'Black Hat Webspam'  Wired News
It was no small thing that the apostles were permitted to lead the colt away .
.
since the owners, more likely than not, were poor farmers.
when you know someone actually reads your tweets 
you should join the facebook group I'm in.
It's called something like I hate Dan Brown strictly for literary reasons.
There's so much comedy on television.
Does that cause comedy in the streets?
Oh cable back on
So happy to finally meet you.
Thanks 4 your support  the work you do to combat negative Latino stereotypes.
Thank you my dear Jim, Glad it helped : Blessings
Truth.
RT : If you aren't a graphic designer, don't do your own graphics.
no my friend u suppose to like the steelers lol
do a single digit if u can't do 1, do 2!
that's because you are and it's the truth
any chance there will be a rain delay tonight????
Happy bday Brandon!
yep you just went there
Omg !
Lea replied 2 me !
DEAD TOO HAPPY RITE NOW !
....
Hope it was the real Lea doe....
If not...
Sucks 4 me !
Madd af..
bout to take a nap
Santa says he's sick of cookies.
This year, he wants DeAngelis donuts!
yeah!!!
I feel so special now :D
have pride, show character, build tradition.
sickest.
Haha I'm actually really lame but thanks :b
i literally cried watchin the Special on Trayvon.
im getting a hoodie, ice tea and skittles then goin to school.
RIP Trayvon
Haha Loiter Squad !!!!!!
ucla pistolwhuppin' ol' houston.
Good to see neuheisel and normchow on the same page with the prince of westwood
Happy Anniversary to the Duke  Duchess of Cambridge.
Got two more shows in Dayton before I move to Boston!!!
Stay tuned for more details!!!!!......rage!
Rainy Monday in Austin
: I have a question
Thank you so much, Dave.
Greatly appreciated :
If your mom would like to borrow my car tomorrow, she is welcome to it!
:
dammit, bitters, bitters!
...I need a vacation.
Congrats!
What's your degree?
double fudge cookie dough blizzard, movies and some mike's.
it's gonna be a good night.
Screw people.
I hate them all.
The pain you feel today; is the strength you feel tomorrow.
Off to the gym for some spinning :
the reason we watch is the unexpected !
Imagine what ...
idol time!
'In China, they just call it food..'
Thanks to everyone who supported us this year.
May you all have a very safe and Happy New Year...
Chris
Do all dogs think a waste basket is just a tall doggie bowl, or just the dog who owns me?
Today is Get to Know your Customers day so we want to know why you love Rio margs?
Nice work Pete, looks great.
Thanks for applying!
Let whether or not you have a good reason be your guide.
Ur a what?
Every time KU gets a lead they blow it.
Start the 2nd half on a 70 run only to let UNC go on a 60 run.
about to take the stage at showcase at in
I haven't stopped thinking about you since I heard about your sister.
Praying for her safe return!
4famouswords Thank you.
Come again!
Value is created by solving a problem and providing a solution.
there will be a new teaser this friday..
:p ...you gonna come out and watch us when we play live?
yeah you better!
glad you could make it for pnwds!
I think you have some great thoughts on how our community can flourish.
The girls are learning poker at pclub.
Success is steady progress toward one's personal goals.
Jim Rohn
speakin of cherry pie...SHES MAH CHERRY PIE COOL doctorNK OF WATER SUCH SWEET SURPRISE
If you haven't decided on a 10:30 session, just FYI  professor Dev.
is in the sun!!
Let's go to the beach!
I got yer clouds covered :
The dude asked why there are leaf pieces in the bathtub.
When I explained they were from my new soap he looked thoroughly confused!
Please tell your friend to follow me on twitter and on Facebook :D
burned 160 calories doing 20 minutes of Bicycling, 1214 mph, moderate
Cheers and happy WW all!
The will be parked in front of on Melrose Ave.
for lunch today.
Um, lunch.
Constance: But now there are no more virgin plots.
We live on top of each other.
That's California now...
and that's the world.
You tweet about the beach and California so much it's making be homesick lol stop!!!
Please :
So PRODIGY did get twerked on at the party OMFG
You're welcome!
:
One down three to go!
so jealous.
it's awesome!!
giggle!
smdh
Internet, I wish you weren't so needy.
I've already said I 'Like' you.
How many more times do I need to say it?
So Facebook bought Instagram.
I'm sure Mark Zuckerberg won't make any changes to it.
I'm really excited about my new band.
Just want to go home and play guitar all day.
is it really?
Very nice!
20ThingsAboutMe I still obsess over the Jonas Brothers.
Thomas Kinkade died from a Heath Leger death.
.99 doctornks all night and...
NO COVER AT BROADWAY BAR TONIGHT !!!
TOP 40 VIDEO MIX ALL NIGHT !!!
21
Saw an interesting/provocative exhibit of 31 nude male sculptures on rooftops around Manhattan's Madison Square Park and nearby sidewalks.
this guy
Tell us funny songlyricsgonewrong.
Example: Big Ol' Jan and Lyonel instead of Big Ol' Jet Airliner by Steve Miller Band.
Craving a red velvet cupcake..
my fridayreads is ALIAS GRACE and ARE YOU MY MOTHER?
you LOST lol, wrong team fam...good luck tomorrow...
Yesyou worry about the entire experience...not just the sale of a bottle of wine.
mister C.
if UNITY ever needs you for a wish can you assist??
Bless ya an share in OUR passion!
SMILE!
Going To Meet My Love On June 30th.3 Then He'd Know I Exist 3 Harharhar .3 I love you !
33
black/white heck, I am always referred to as the big bald guy.
The future is already here, it's just not evenly distributed yet.
It's so much easier!!
wonder if anybody kissed our shopping center yesterday....
RT : The most kisses happen on Valentine's Day.
HFC's WEST orientation program will continue until the beginning of the next session.
Look for pictures soon!
Everytime i take eggs out of the fridge, i ask What's Crackin?
Champagne and fireworks!
Rice does graduation/convocation so beautifully.
TeamAxeMenBondingTime was great.
It was a perfect night.
Gotta do this more often
Would love to connect with you Can you DM me you email so we can figure out a good time to chat?
we all know its you!
Collaboration is key.
thanks!
After dinner and doctornks, that is.
Just got off work, time for an essay interview ah.
Alright, well, I'm officially finished with doing things that I think other people would want me to do.
I'm hungry for prosciutto.
Always.
OH: she was cute but she had a lazy lip
This hmk needs to be finished tonight!
I plan to RELAX starting 5 p.m.
tomorrow until 8 a.m.
Monday.
ON MY MAMA WE GON MAKE THIS BOY LOOK GOOD!
CHALIE BOY IN THA BUILDING TODAY GETTIN READY FOR HIS SHOW TONIGHT AT CLUB RAIN!
COME IN AND SEE
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
Winston Churchill
if you've tweeted over 30,000 tweets, have you spent too much time on twitter?
We like to call that a Bolo Tie  Yeehaw!
I'M FALLING FOR YOU!
Shhhhh!
Don't tell them your highfashion secret!
Why am I breaking out so much?
:
at work doing what i do best lol!!!
cant wait to get home and relax and then try to make up the mind for whats in store tonight.
im not doing anything bad on friday:
...honoring those who gave their lives, and those who serve this great Nation.
mims is crazy
Did you know...
March is Women's History Month!!
Only 2 more days...
you too!
She was definitely unhappy and mean back then.
sucka for love
And a job in Boston.
is our tech still on site?
trip to hawaii
The Situation is in rehab???
I told the boys everything happens when I'm on vacation!
Damn!
Dakota Poud doctorws a walk, first and third for Mineral Point with two outs in bottom of 7th.
Tying run at the plate.
Try them on our revamped meatloaf!
RT : Check out  to taste our wonderful shrooms!
You should soon.
I received an email from them and they mentioned that they're reaching out to referrals.
Hey chris u tweet me TEAMNICANA TEAMCIKEY and TEAMMAYLAR?
Please!
It for my science group.
So not to freak anyone out, but Act 3 totally has a lore set about the mystery of the Barbarians.
So Walmart beat you.
Thanks for the RT!
Have a Terrific Thursday!
:
y'all wanna hoop?
can't wait to read it!
If you're everything you say you are could you come close  hold my heart /3
he's not overrated.
He's been called bad more times than burnt bacon.
How do you ditch a guy who saved your season?
You Won't coming up live on Big thanks to You Won't for the last minute performance!
Reading Bringing up Bebe ....four chapters in and already concerned that Jules must truly love and respect food.
And no snacking.
Madison Pharmacy Associates  Good ideas arent adopted automatically.
They must be doctorven into practice with courageous patience  Rickover
Here comes the boom, with Kevin James.
Ill be super famous soon.
hmm i'll check it out
I heart
Come to Cali and I can Tat that on you!
lol
Hungover  beat but doctornks keep coming  they taste really god.
CALL ME
MY NAME IS MY NAME
If I was a famous youtuber I would at least say hey especially if we have made a video together geez..
What happened to boys making the first move?

is that today?
Sounds like a good opportunity
MY MOM ALWAYS LEAVING ME AT SOMEBODY HOUSE WELL AT LEAST THEY HAVE WIFI LOL
I already assumed I was but hey I'll take it.
We can finally jam out to one direction together.
Only I want though.
I need help this depression is killing me.
Latin Perspective, Latin Jazz Hour can be heard around the Globe, every Saturday from 8 9 am at www.erieradio.com
Im Afraid Of Not Meeting The Peoplee I Love /3 It breaks My Heart .
:'c
Ok last of my 10 angry birds jokes...
running out of gas I have to admit
Themistocles I choose the likely man in preference to the rich man I want a man without money rather than money without a man.
I've realized I never know.
Yes  Totally enjoyed it!
It wasn't' quite at the start of my day...but midday works too.
My new toms just came in!!!
Ah

got my car!
Yay for mobility.
Is your pet's arthritis worse on damp days like today?
If so  she may suffer from a damp bi syndoctorme...
We have many treatments for this!
if only mozzarella making proved to be as fan as they say...
RT : Oh Ricky you're so slick, you're so slick, You Make Me Sick!
Hey Ricky!
Hey Ricky!
Hi : haven't been on in a while.
Hmu.
:
Happy Mother's Day to all Mothers!
Can't wait till announces NORTH AMERICA 2013 BTWB Dates!
She will sell out all of the shows in under 2 minutes!
:
A quote is nothing more than a reminder to one who's forgotten and needs reassurance.
25 off today for anyone with a Military ID for Veterans Day!!!
Julie if u think that there are crazy ass vamp.diaries check this chick out luv ya but dis person is team jewls
Dear god, how'd you cut your finger to the bone?!
haha.
Dude.
Tasted so good!
; 
It's safer for authors to use an open license because then you'll always know how your content will be used on the internet
YOU HAVE BEEN BLASTED PERRY :
I think he called a foul on santa.
should be and should be for Halloween.
That is what I want for
Watching that70sshow its my all time favorite, show....i want to have all the season on dvd ;p
Hey Jeff , Can you follow back: MBNYST
define big Pirates fan?
Lol
on their FB page.
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight, I'm cleaning out my closet.
in LA and would like to see skylight but no car.
What neighborhood?
Bus lines?
well obvo because we arent having a real one im just messing around there big girl
Watching Game of Thrones immediately after finishing Hilary Mantel's Wolf Hall sequel was a terrible idea.
I will do anything if someone would write my theology commandment essay for me.
It was due yesterday....
It is time for you to call it a week!
Enjoy your weekend!
The brewers are a mess!!
Going to bed.
This is crap!
Lets dance in Styles.
Lets dance for a Niall.
Louis can wait, Kevins only gone for a while.
Hoping for the Zayn but expecting the Payne
That's sweet!
Yes, they love their signs.
I imagine myself sneaking to their dorm room one day with signs.
I look forward to the day that Russel Brand just disappears forever.
Was a fan since yesterday of and is now a bigger fan
The doctortold me that I have about two weeks..
finally stopped in this joint the other night.
Had a tasty Alpha King and a John Sullivan!
Anyone been?
To be honest I don't know wether it was breath or her body but I was just soo relieved and happy when she finally left ..
Thank you for following me!!
A total doctoram come true!!!
3
Bitch please, my picture is amazing.
ohsnap.
Just face it your a loser ;
It did lowkey crack might go back Thursday w/ them
Tracking bass bass bass
I know a lot of college admissions folks that would disagree with me.
But I care more that you can fetch me a cup of coffee.
You can either wallow in disappointment or look forward to the next opportunity .
.
.
.
.
Thanks to  for making me leave the house.
needs to spin one night Lucky's.
Shhhh.
100 school kids will be here today to learn about the library and our green initiatives.
Should be fun.
I knew my mom was going to wake me up early.
Is it really necessary to repeatedly blast the car horn outside the apt.
building at 9 in the morning?
Really?
BREAKING  Marijuana legalization init supporters have what they say is more thn enough xtra signatures to get question on Nov ballot
yours looks good.
Your third grade teacher would be proud!
It was third grade, right?
I'm feeling rather pessimistic tonight.
The glass is half empty.
yes!
What's the link?
I want to jump his bones now.
;P
Hey, Braxton's not badlooking, either!
Developing, developing, developing.
Third World countries, Me and a Show Idea!
I find that hard to believe.
Things I've noticed this weekend: Freese on Xavier is a hunchback.
TBS, CBS, TNT,  True TV have played the same 5 commercials since the
RT : RT : Me too!
Who DOESN'T love a doctornk served in a Mason Jar!
But toe cheese will add protein to balance the sugars  it's a trade off
Happy to announce we've got a new brotherinlaw!!
Welcome to the family, Jason!
Catch the at OFest.
Tomorrow from 14 PM in Central Mall.
Make sure to pay our table a visit!
She Would Ask Me That Question
Aww she's so cute :
please solicit the Christian Jihadist in Question to write some sort of ordinal list of bands he likes.
RT No, you can not borrow my tshirt...How about instead of standing there looking shocked, you do your fucking laundoctor?
Now is the time to buy a house!
If you know anybody who is buying or selling, have them call me.
I'm here to help!
Nd this S/o goes to my mother L.Marshall love you ma
Are you still interested in a home, or just have a few questions you need answered?
I would love to help you.
20ThingsAboutMe I taught myself how to play guitar.
c:
Tell us who your favorite performance was last night at the Grammy's!
Sounds good, let me know!
:
If the Galaxy were playing an AVERAGE team  not a good team, an AVERAGE team  they would be down 40 right now.
Unbelievable.
Good Code: when syntax matches semantics
thanks bro
Rock 'n' Roll!
Q: What is Doc Ock's favorite month?
A: Ocktober.
we all hope it does too.
Patriots wouldn't be the same with out you
Violet hour and silom12  great night.
Loved the SPICY basil.
Listening to Balinese Monkey Chant that linked forever ago.
I love this type of callandoctorsponse vocal improv.
is pouring Marty Stouffer's Wild America.
It makes it harder for the aliens to snatch you from your car
Need help sleeping?Creator of MUMOOCIE Ultimate Sleep Pillow on MOMADVOCATERADIO10amPST/1pmESTwww.therealmomtv.com/momadvocateradioshow/
I was thinking of more in the lines of pretty rady, wrakin down the street
Am I not cool enough for you?
Do you not like my face?
Or my hair?
:D Thanks,Taylor!
oh I don't?
Well fill me in on what I'm missin
Monday, Monday, you can't trust that day.
Thanks again for stopping by!
BX all day RT : I'm from The Bronx, New York City..
Where are YOU from?
Be an opener of doors for such as come after thee, and do not try to make the universe a blind alley.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
we will be there in a bit :
I must watch this season finale or I will die.
Biggest cliffhanger 
We just wanted to thank you so much for the hard work you put in on this transaction.
Alethea B.
Sandy Presley Team
Stuck?
Volunteer as an intern in an agent's office.
You'll get hired.
41297 Your icon is amazing!!!
Congrats on meeting Austin!
Writing a new story :
Have a great weekend everyone : 
ICONiacz answer this question WHO IS UR FAV ICONIC BOY AND WHY
I feel like once i start having sex again I'ma lose hella weight.
want to follow mehh?
peace, love, rubber gloves.
Congrats Award of Excellence Finalists: , ,, , , 
you were hacked?
They should have cell phone chargers in waiting rooms instead of magazines.
Laziest workout in a while
I truly believe that OTHS9 is the best farewell season I've ever seen of any show!
The characters' development over the years is amazing!
looking good in the gear baby!!
soon could be in 5 minutes, or in 5 days.
The tension is killing me guys.
Haha
No one knows for sure how the hotdog got its name.
One thing we know for sure is that our gourmet hotdogs and sausages are tremendous!
I agree 1000
Played some today!
Got a few solid dunks down...
One on a dude!
It was nice ;
oh snappyo!!!!
Where are ya?
The clouds parted and the angels sang...my 11 yr old son just chose to turn off the TV so he could read his book
cat spotting.
i have named him gnocchi.
Prom this Friday, about to be hella smackin'!!!
The worst part of life is realizing when you had something that was worth everything you thought it wasn't
Its another repeat of last nite...
Smh
You look like Molly Shannon
Thanks.
I've been itching to run for about 8 weeks now.
Gonna feel good to get back in the groove.
Will be glued to the set.
am counting down the minutes...
Great game!
Be proud of your boys and their season.
Edgard Varese Everyone is born with genius but most people only keep it a few minutes.
I never judge a book by its cover.
I use the paragraph on the back, it tells you what the story is about.
your tweet just made me cry even more, but thank you for your kind words.
3
we wish you could be with us!
: next time Lakers.
leggo!
Says the guy in the bulls snapback.
As you grow older, you'll find the only things you regret are the things you didn't do.
Zachary Scott
It's been almost 48 hours that I'm 18 years old and I haven't once been naked.
BRB.
I gotta start working again.
I'll see yalls ugly asses later.
That was probably the most ridiculous thing I'll read all week.
Disney doctornk night
Watching mizzou football practice D is kicking ass
What's more tweetworthy: swearingday or fatbetty from last night's madmen?
Hell if I know...
it is the WORST!!!!
Sad to see CSPAN's Brian Lamb heading out.
One of my favorite interviews was talking TVs in the Supreme Court w/ him back during Sotomayor
Am truly excited  Monday's BRITEconf at Columbia.
Our audience will be biggest yet  the program is amazing.
See you there!
lets do it up sexy at the good spot 105 riv tonight!
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.
The new network primetime lineups: CBS the best; ABC promising; NBC aggressive but misguided; Fox too quiet; The CW limits itself
even wen its cold???
cool now can yu call me on skype !!
They are going pretty good actually!
Thanks for asking!
mister PRESIDENT, I AM A BLACK FEMALE REPUBLICAN WHO SPEAKS 3 LANGUAGES, PUBLISHED AND AN ATTY.
HOW CAN I SERVE?
haha he probabily thinks im crazy :
The Wave crew just boarded the shuttle for the National Championship game.
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Wednesday 03/28/12 is Dan and Ian!
not quite, Zusi scored the first, but close
No money man can get my love it's sweetness that I'm thinkin' of
I'd throw shade too at the queen of pop If I looked like an overstuffed Twinkie on stage!
Sorry rib, bard was first.
Not sure, but I know DC has a pretty high tax on tickets.
It was meant as a way for commuters to pay for things like Nats Park
all over Tampa I meant lol
Rice Lake for Easter weekend, my as well get weird at Jaybirds!!
Haha
that's the song from Rudy!
Go Irish!!!
All links are created equal so long as we have net neutrality.
DC United wins 21 against FC Dallas.
Caps and Nats also won.
When is the last time 3 DC teams won in one day?
Shout out to my peeps working their way thru finals.
Usable Collaborative mapping/ identifier registry needed to prevent duplicate digitization
Time to hit the sack nite twitter ppl !!!!!
just adding a bunch of ravenwood people
'' why don't you love me jenny?
I may not be a smart man, but I know what love is.'' in my forrest voice
are you mad because you can't be like mindless behavior.
Lol jk
Braden Holtby's dad has the haircut of an 8yearold
This is not corruption in the legal sense, but a corruption of what the Constitution intended.
Hooray it's frenchtoaststickday it's also rock the mid calve day
nah, I ll be there tues
It's about having fun, don't lose sight of that.
We're too old to be worried about being prepared.
Thanks for the kind words, Dan.
They mean a lot!
Enjoyed getting to know you as well.
Guess I won't be sleeping then.
Might as well get work done.
imagine Niall: can you feel the love tonight ?
you: maybe.
Niall: maybe ?
rolls ontop of you let's make you feel it licks your lip
Apparently, the death penalty is intended to prevent people from giving their kids the same names as criminals...
Like what happened to that relationship we had
except Eng wouldn't have been as aggressive if it were 22, and its defense wouldn't have been as open.
Depressed?
How are you standing?
Worst thing is straighten up  hold your head high because you'll start to feel better.Charlie Brown
hoping for chandler jones...don't think he'll make it to us tho.
So I guess upshaw or mcclellan.
Rerun  ITSC Information Security Standards  An introduction to ...
well awstens always been really great since I've known him
Just saw tweet and cried.
Man no one understands how much I miss her.
The prayers help so much though.
sounds like Travis minton is trying to see your stuffs lol
We have a connection.
3
Is anyone else sad that they took off the Quotes section on the homepage of ?
That used to be a daily ritual...
:
Any downed trees on your block?
MT Sad to lose all those big old trees on Eutaw Place but happy no one has been injured.
I thought we were in high school...?
Coffee addict
As a child, fell from a tree while imitating SpiderMan and fractured both of his wrists.
It is hard to live half my life nocturnal and the other half diurnal...
do you still have the 4th ticket?
FACE DOWN
Where you from?
Yes one of my family members we call Cracker.
He even has a shirt with a big Zesta on it.
Kids call him Uncle Cracker.
lol I always have because I'm half British half Mexican!
So I go for the British boys and Ray lmfao
thats what makes it fun :
where is the sound?!
Get TAN!
SPECIALS TODAY Buy 3 Instant Tans for 49.99!
Buy a 5pack of 60 tans and get 3 more tans FREE!
Bottles of Lotion on SALE!!!
SXSW cnnsxsw so wish i was going too.
darnbrokenleg!!
When I look at all these tents, I think, YES, USC spans the map of the intellect from books to WHAT'S NEXT!
Lakers have a chance to win this tho
the line I got on you ain't workin
So pissed off at verizon right now...
23 point deficit and how amazing this must feel.
Great game guys!
And what a way for B.
Roy to show he is still our All Star
Trying to get use to this gmail lots 2 learn...
FF some art deco and historic gems in LA:
A relationship is bound to fall apart when you start lying.
My wife just told me that 61 down in today's NYT crossword is Home of the Horned Frogs.
GO FROGS!!!
no its Ohio, but it still is 10:45 over here
Literary crush: Japanese by Spring, by Ishmael Reed
I like it!
Seeing my neighbor is like seeing a famous person :
We saw them at the Metro in Chicago in February.
100 pure AWESOME!
mister.
William H Norris of Baltimore was arrested on Mar 5 1862 by the Federal army for supplying clothes to the rebels.
New professort Gathering of Leaders Rushkoff preaches return to direct exchange economy, not owing soul to company store or bank that owns the 
And If i Die Today....i Want A Platinum Casket.
Funeral Info: Ladies Free Before 12.
They are watching a stupid ass movie
I just want you back in my lifee
Do you want a personalized Ryan Braun Jersey?
You've got to win it first!
Be registered before 5pm today!!
Thank you so much for yr continued love  support!
It means the world to us!
Y'all are just too cool!
Love 2 U 2!!!
Let a nigga set the mood!
I'm starting to become as indecisive as ...
Nah, not that bad.
But close
No...it allowed Spoles to spin around and avoid the big hit.
Duh!
Did the P.T.L.
Club stand for Praise Tom Landoctor?
confessionnight  I love ; THERE I SAID IT !
haha ;3
DylanHolland Because i said so
stop both of u are weirdooss.
I'm paranoid cause I'm in the Porsche.
nterviewing and today!
Shoot us any questions you guys have!
....your demand to be the princess.
That's more interesting than hearing about your Nine West suit, FWIW.
Since marriage is a religious sacrement...an the usa is suppose to have separation of chuch  state, why is gov.
involved in marriges?
There was such a great spirit at the event!!
So glad people enjoyed :
thought it was a new Bluetooth lmao :D
Adairs in dallas tx march 11
TPS just worked with a food retailer solutions co.
to submit a report on a national food safety database to the Food and doctorg Law Institute.
OMG IM SO BORED
Lol Metta is so bad at offense.
please release your Boyfriend music video please !
333 and follow me : if you have time
I Would Do You So Right ; 1 Chance Iš All I Need ;
The new jersey turnpike is pure hell today.
Pure hell.
I stopped by Mapco.
No goo goos.
You wont have the same friends forever now will ya ?
w/my sister  amarilis : getting al dolledd up lol
That sounds heavenly!
Can you point me to a recipe?
Hey lets all be good ppl and follow
Not a fan of naming kids after white presidents, shitty MPS schools or city's in Wisconsin.
Absolutely.....thats a good find that good weather about to hit lol
Oh ok.
Just setup TweetDeck again after almost 2 yrs.
Many improvements.
I love you more.
I feel ya, I have two ten page research papers due at the end of the week 
oessinsight Teresa Anderson on collaboration and black ops IT, invisible work, role of librarians
i hate how i feel cold in my house and its so hot outside.
:
Prevention is better than cure.
Desiderius Erasmus
All the lotion in my bathroom is melting.
Language is a virus from outer space.
William S.
Burroughs
sure!!!!
Im going 4 2000 now!!!
How many do u want?
how long has it been, and did you give your social?
Thanks for hosting such a great event!
Looking forward to all that is to come!
Can't find what I'm looking for.
The more you look like a homeless person, the more likely you are to get your Starbucks refill for free.
You're going to have to teach the Mobtown to use Twitter.
I get on this thing and know instantly that god is trying to eat me.
itAnnoysMeWhen the Patriots win a playoff game for first time in 4 years and everybody is going to be talking Superbowl!
1anddonepats :
For Volstad at that...
WTF Ozzie building for another championship???
What is the most unique Christmas gift, event, tree or meal that you've experienced?
i go to the one RIGHT in front of john jay.
called Texas doctorving School.
it's pretty cheap.
it's EASY.
although looking at 's tweets led me to elemchat so it put me where I wanted to be :
The kid who just held open the door for me and then skipped down the stairs made my day.
we like you a lot
FYI: is in Beechwold, not Clintonville.
Going to hoop at
Hope to see the man tonight in Madisonville been running around town 2 need to catch him gotta get this ball signed
are we talking about something real here?
Because I'm confused....
Thanks for the RT!
:
No.
Biden is not to blame.
I see it as a coordinated political strategy where Biden would get out in front.
OKC Thunder can match up, especially when is put in a pressure situation
GREAT 12boc crowd!!!
Much better than last week!
Lol!
Thanks for hanging out!
RT : : mixing Will Kennedy's' doctorms on my tune Lightning  Fireworks for Simply One cd, crazy intense playing!...
On the plane on the way to LAX for MegaIIN.
So excited!
can you help me out with an RT for a great singer/songwriter, levilowrey??
Well, I guess that's good then.
Django looks like a pretty awesome tool.
I love Python, but I haven't used Django yet.
This is a great resource!
The Center for the Study of the Workplace within the School of Continuing Education is a resource at the Univers
I totally just made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter.
leme know if u like!!
FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO ATTEND MEGA CHURCHES IN LAS VEGAS: HERE IS HOW THESE CHURCHES ARE USING YOUR CONTRIBUTIONS.
KEENTV RAN ONE CHURCH'S 
hi brother!!!
I don't understand how these systems don't start at the airport 1st!!!!
Clear Channel announces new Brand Management Team, 24 people who will serve as Brand Managers and Brand Coordinators for each format.
ha, ok then!
: I absolutely hate farts
This lady took my seat ahh .
I hope he's OL.
That does not look good.
I love working with , what a kind and inspiring man.
I'm so sad this project has come to a close but it was a great success.
I'm thinking of getting a couple potbelly pigs as mascots  name one Adam  one Gerard.
What do you think?
Things have changed I will most likely be in Pittsburgh this summer.
Somebody hurry up and post the damn halftime performance already.
I am interested in renting your property in sanibel.
Can you send me more info?
This explains a lot.
Yes on the Mike's w/tramps.
i've watched EVERY season.
got no problem with villiains.
love boston rob, love russel hanz.
deceiving is necessaryTAUNTING is not
I am so proud of myself.
I'm about halfway through Anna Karenina.
Loving it so far but some of the farming debates are boring Connie
RT : Early Bird 50 discount ends TODAY Friday 2/3 for my Expert Visibility event!
Learn more here: www.expertvisibility.com
Rawlicious restaurant in Toronto , one of the best restaurants.
Worth the trip to Stop in when you are there.
I hate nothing more than bad ranch doctorssing.
Lol i think the heat have lost this one...
:
Use CONDOMS today or buy DIAPERS tomorrow...
Watching Ghost Hunters , looking at Grant's final show.
I don't see how they will go on without Grant.
I'd like to thanks all my followers for following me!!
first song i purchased to put in my ipod!
love, love, love, love that song for years and years!!!
Writers house health tip: Plants such as ferns, doctorcaenas and philodendoctorns naturally filter many allergens from the air.
Fresh air, ahh!
Big shoutout t all my new followers thank u fr following tweet or dm me sometime
Pickin up which wich for me and Terra.
Makes me think of ATX and all the ones I ate there lol
I have a constipated sneeze.
I don't no live watching movies aarooonnn!
RT Haha!
RT : Still haven't seen the avengers
Listen to The Sunday Night Shakedown TONIGHT on 98.9 The Buzz, from 811pm!
Get yer Rochester Rock 'n Roll!
rochesterbuzz.com
I still cannot get over how LEGENDARY was.
I will be attempting to relive that night for a long time.
I have the same problem every week RT : Just watched the new episode of Shameless and i think i peed a lil InNeedOfNewUndies
or it just confuses matters even more ;
trying to find a tool that shows me the trending hashtags in a specific category.
Twitter's discover feature is inadequate.
I'm gonna lick your butt.
maybe.
follow
and further more, it was impertinent and no gentleman!
but if nothing comes of that, absolutely.
If fact, why not start one?
Looking to save  on your next trip?
Give us a chance to beat any price on travel.
Get 110 hotel price guarantee.
www.FreeXpedia.com
Tru.
we've seen a lot about the mission but not the man.
stories r character doctorven.
and if we could c n2 the soul of ...
Really?
ClassicCanseco RT : When I died I saw Elvis and micheal they said hello
Learning how to change my life  and I'm quite excited about it!
am pub  7/24/10  be there if u bout it!
we hittin huntington beach.
Worked on my short film, Rain Dance, this week.
Love Sound Track Pro and what it can do to enhance quality.
The fine edit is done.
Yeah.
4/11/12 at 10pm on Discovery ID, FBI Criminal Pursuit, I play investigating cop.
Adele is sick and had to cancel her Minneapolis show which worries me because I have tickets to see her Sunday in Utah...
PLEASE GET BETTER!
Great giveaway!
Congrats on your blog's year anniversary!
: They say 1 in 44 presidents can dunk...
we all know who that is......
George Bush.
No one can dunk the economy like he did
Knicks' Playoff Hopes Shatter Amar'e Stoudemire cut his hand punching a fire extinguisher's glass in frustration after game.
Pretty slow last 2 days in 8 game so last night I helped build 4 tables of 3/6 o8 NL and lost ten buys.
Stupid game way these guys play it
HELLO, I do too makes my day/night every time she tweets, gotta love her
A coffin full of doughnuts?!?
I live on the wrong side of the country.
:
What am I doing with my night?
Why, reading about anamorphic lenses and Olmec colossal heads, of course.
Oh, and cooking a chicken pot pie.
Can I get in Columbia or Cornell with a 3.89 GPA?
your Korean name is unique :D
we could deff get it shakn ma scrap.
I prob leave on wed but idk yet
Thanks for the awesome presentation !
Double bacon cheese burger at five guys...ugh:'
look at u doctornkin like a grown woman
Planning on seeing the Jonathan Chamberlain exhibit today if anyone would care to join

Thanks for the mention!
Looking forward to getting your book soon!
Have a wonderful weekend!!!
I know I may be biased but writer chats w/ are some of the best interviews i've ever seen.
Headed off to New Mexico for my job....
yeah!
By the way, that was sarcasm....
is it school?
me too!
he has paper stuck to his taint!
Ewwwww.
What did soulja boy say?.
Luxury Tax
I did VO at some point after that, buy haven't heard anything since.
I have to dig through my old emails for contact info.
Maceo is sitting in with our doctormmers other group The Heard for James Brown's bday tonight at AliveOne bar.
3buck 3floyds!!
you're so wise Cossin
A 1987 quote from artist Barbara Kruger regarding the costs  value of artworks: But whether it is painting, sculpture, video, ...
hey boy hey...ur pretty cool and have fun toys
RT : Free Cupcakes today at 122pm!
Say the movie title, People Like Us,  you get a free cupcake!
train time!
So much for Max Scherzer making a comeback.
The dude is getting rocked.
If people aren't loyal, people aren't for you.
nation wide ground stop of all united flights due to computer glitches.
hope i dont miss my cousins wedding bc i chose united over Southwest
my dominican neighbors next door are high as fuck right now LMAO YayaSisterHood lol
Bo!!!!
I just lost a bet.
Tonight10pm , we bring the 70's Italian Funk at the MONDO ITALIA DANCE PARTY for FREE!
18 holes of match or medal play will teach you more about your foe than will 18 years of dealing with him across a desk.
Grantland Rice
Yep.
:  we went to the fair last Friday,  he won me a stuffed duck.
:
I hope you got a receipt for that change you got on my head goonie
that's amazing!
I'll miss seeing you all this year.
No way anyone could actually want the Spurs over the Clippers, right?
If you want that, you must hate baby puppies  Santa Claus.
Hey, are you around?
I need any info you've got about Amigo.
Thanks!
It's a new york city apartment.
It's 2 rooms for 2 ppl  u have a panic attack when u can't find a place 4 something.
It's not productive.
Headed out this week to NYC and then Port Au Prince Haiti...I'm nervous about at least one of the two...
So honored to have been a guest on 's show tonight talking about dance, fitness and social media!!
I mean, I'm clearly tired.
will you marry us please????
something told me not to come
I try
Applied for a library job through CUNY..
is this a push for me to get another Masters...
hm..
TT how are you?
What's happening in the Nati?
Over 4,000 Oregonians are employed in Chiropractic offices around the state.
I love to golf, but the prospect of golfing when it's 90 kills my golf boner
The Lord desires to heal the inner most parts of your heart.
Confess your pain and allow Him to begin the healing process in you.
Seek Him.
Guess Mayweather is 32 million dollars richer than I am.
Writing and publishing RPGs would be great if not for the majority of boisterous cunts commonly known as the fans.
brady show them what's up!
Every love is a gift even the ones we lose.
What does that say about holiness?
RT : it is much easier to appear holy than to be sane.
chögyam trungpa
Waiting for friends at a bar while noticing another person waiting for friends at a bar.
Listening to 's We Are Rising, Ryan Lott's voice is an intriguing yet somehow familiar mix of Kevin Barnes and Brandon Flowers.
your such a sports fan and I need a new collectors club baseball idea to paint for this year any thoughts?
ryankennedy come on guys let's trend it :
Try our groupon now deal tonight !
Only 10 for a large 1 topping pizza!4 available, they go quick!
yea get bit by a snake nd die okay lol
Text LOUIE to 32075 Louie Vito will use text messages to keep fans updated as he joins cast of Dancing with the Stars.
Havin a pretty damn good day.
I want tonight to be the same way hopefully
Anything with white filled shit in the middle I don't like.
Goodnight twitter LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
.
Our election party is at War Room in Capitol Hill.
Starts at 7, open to the public, and all ages.
seamayor jh
I 3 hats!
When I rock them or when other people rock them.
Thanks lady on the train rocking the awesome black hat.
Its fabulous!
Thanks for the RTs!!
what's up?
Fixin' to hang out with all the artists that are here for and then casino night and a little
A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool from his friends.
Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail.
Anybody have experience w the ninja kitchen system?
I don't know, if it is there's room for some improvement.
But going to try some other ideas too.
Maybe something lemony.
I just made bacon  eggs for breakfast.
3
RT : New on Beauty411!
Best of Beauty: Emma Stone at the S.A.G.
Awards: Of everyone walking the Red Carpet on Sunda......
Chillin' with the little ladies.....
gav me reason2luv again.Their the fans bandnot many bands r lik tht.Their all bout the fans happiness not bout money/fame.SGTC!
Happy Friday to you contessa!
Xo
The Raiders need to learn how to finish opponents and not let them back in to the game.
This team is far from being a serious contender.
hello !
New to twitter.....long time no!
How's Emily doing?
Or aimed here RT : Here comes the pitch for NEA support in the fall.
Just got our first catering job of the year for Brown Mackie College!
Can't wait.
Lori Losey: Directs, produces, films for doctordenTV.
Coolest Job ever!
Camera operators: New challenge: hold your shot at 3G's
NYC you always know how to recaptainre my heart!
lol once upon a time?
its addicting
I'm fully ready for the 2012 Oakland A's to shock the world, mister Suzuki.
You the man.
Girl, you're straight up KILLIN' it out there
graphics guy is asleep at the wheel
Was there fine print at the bottom of the screen: Biggest summer blockbuster film except for The Avengers, etc...
On my way to work to sell amazing vacations!
I wear my heart on my fucking sleeve
Thank the lord for google.
Thanks for the retweet!
It will be a great event, and we are glad to have our CEO attending.
It's so good.
Every time I saw Bruce Banner I freaked out.
Sincere thanks to the NYPL Childoctorn's librarians for displaying my book, How to Talk to an Autistic Kid, during my visit to NY recently.
Homemade chicken tikka masala for lunch.
So good.
can you paint basements?
My new fling does not have the same appreciation for the term Rape Dungeon that I do.
At son's 4 yo YMCA soccer practice in South Miami; dark clouds, visible lightening, danger horn soundsyet no one leaves?
Did you hear who is playing the finish line at the flower city challenge?
We are, of course.
Sunday morning nice and early
Perry's campaign has received significant funds by out of state casinos, poker legislation has been vetoed at least twice by Perry
Watching Real Steel right now.
Fucking great movie.
Aha.
Shows how no matter where you start off you can become more than you can ever think
He's just training his audience.
what time is it in london?
Hey hey hey hey hey hey ehhhhh!
Hey!
RT : IAITAM celebrates 8th anniversary.
Thanks to all our members  practitioners and providers  for your involvement and support.
Just saw the Sierra Clubs ad against the uber safe
Cool have ever tried counting stars and wonder who stay there
Hi Josh, we don't mean to scare  just want to make sure to keep safety tips top of mind for a safe holiday season.
Can't sleep, gotta big day tomarow.
Damn straight
ahh didn't see it on FB but then peeps are just now returning to rooms
You Call It Stealing, I Call It Borrow.
Union Parents finding it hard to juggle protesting with doctorpping/picking kids up at private school.
if only they were off this week too
I grew up around my dad who was always doing IPOs and managing his own investments.
I need to learn more!
I forgot about mighty kids meals!
A bus station is where a bus stops.
A train station is where a train stops.
On my desk, I have a work station..
I tell you all the time...I am here when you need me.
You have my number.
Pick up the phone.
The defending Stanley Cup champion Chicago Blackhawks are still actively looking for a partner
The Wolfpack is back!!
Wolf and GK9!
2012 is our year!!
you should!!
everyones different.
thats why you can assume.
so much!!
I'm glad I made the decision to switch to a jeep!
Apparently The Mavs are when old Carolina superstars go to die
Legal Tip for the Day: Bankruptcy does not discharge all debt.
You are still responsible for child support, alimony, taxes, student loans..
Yes sir!
Last year it flooded into our apartment!
Fuuuu!
The coaching staff calling Convey's name on multiple occasions with directions.
New guy still working on blending into system.
Roland's favorite open ended question How did you hear about our builder/comm
Was there one hand of poker you have played that is especially memorable for you?
What made that hand so special?
it hurt so bad but I didn't cry
John Muir Health has named Irving Pike, MD, as its first Chief Medical Officer.
Should be a beautiful weekend.
How will you take advantage of it?
Don't forget to join us with your pooch for Holiday Hound up this Saturday at 2!
Treats, pics and more: Rrrrruuufff!
First, my station in life, at that time, did not afford me the ability to impose my will or views on anyone.
lol, they might have been!
And god said...thinkest for yourselfeth
If you want to send me a DM, I can offer you a discounted price.
Let me know
aww James!
You will get one!
We promise!

her  Oomf be playing games.
thanks !
I have done trainings and speeches on custserv and there's always more great info out there!
Thx
and by Tuesday I meant Thursday.
We're back with a new team behind the wheels of Twitter.
Merry Christmass to everyone
Few things are more satisfying than seeing your childoctorn have teenagers of their own.
Doug Larson
woke up at 6:30 this morning
I've decided to blame all my problems on the Browns.
A fuse blew in my house and it took 2 hours and 4 places to find it.
what's the name of the wings spot you were telling me about?
oh no...they are talking about gay marriage again...no!!!
that's what I heard!
Are you at the game?
oh then i'll come over and watch you unpack !
lol, I didn't think you were coming to the Midyear ball.
I'll email u re getting together
three designs :
I need an assistant, anyone work for cupcakes, alcohol and Diddy Dirty Money promos?
The first part of our George Romero zombie marathon doctorps at midnight tonight.
Which Romero zombie flick is your favorite?
What do you want to be when you grow up?
I got so much done today.
feeling good
I'd send it up your way if I could!
:
Fixing the PS3 all by myself...ladies?
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
Mohandas Gandhi
you know what is not funny at all...when wordpress deletes all of the posts stored in the back end.
Yea its a good thing to record it never know when u might fall asleep.
TVD is always good cant never not love it :
The only thing tht gets me by at work is seeing our regulars and them putting a smile on my face :
Middle finger in the air, ask me how I feel.
Ladies you got to know this...They say that a good husband is one who can make more money than what his wife can spend.
Funny you should say that.
I'm meeting a few repexes, Armijo and Ketchum, at Paradise Bakery there tomorrow.
Also related: Only 16 days until I get five days to do nothing.
I can't wait to over eat, over doctornk and oversleep.
WordsINeedToHear Christmas Break is here!
We hope we're part of your Sunday and that it's Fantastic!
See ya Tuesday, dont let the door hit you in your crust on the way out.
Did anyone get to ride outside this weekend, or was it all trainer all the time?
cycling isitsummeryet?
We are going to have to shape up on that for sure!
If you ever reach total enlightenment while you're doctornking a beer, I bet it makes beer shoot out your nose.
That's a really, really ridiculously good looking lineup.
RT One juror asked if she could be excused to teach her classes at UVA.
Hogshire: Want me to talk to president Sullivan?
Thanks !
We're super excited at being included in the gamechangers issue!
just tuning in now to start of last nets game in NJ, no spoilers!
loved the pregame speech by Johnson, and so nice to see a decent crowd
What a great Sharepoint SIG last night.
Thank you Jason
Parenting Magazine 23rd Annual Summer Camp Fair!
Save the Date for Saturday, Feb 25 11am3pm at the Fashion Mall!
Santa Fe nursing asst.
says he was fired for being gay
You done yet?
quit worrying about what I do with MY life
Araceli Martinez is not currently affiliated with the Middle Class Taxpayers Association, nor have we endorsed any candidates.
MCTA...
is on Twitter.
They say they're going to tweet seasonal produce deliveries.
Seems like a good idea.
4 more minute birthday twin...
Except I'm in bed watch General Hospital ; RT : Bombay on chill
It's a chilly night but warm OUT here for you.
Hot doctornks  the last night of 30 OFF all photo  art books.
Come in, shop, support,  SAVE!
should i
Break time!!
Can you imagine what can happen if more people know about these 27 million slaves?
Freedom is on it's way and YOU can be a part.
Thank u all who follows me need 200
maybe the Easter bunny will bring you chocolate covered tacos.
I was wondering about that.
Friend just sent me 1662 account of the problem of woman having an orgasm every time she had sex w/ husband.
So all weekend, all he could talk about...
over and over and over...
was how he asked a girl for her phone number, but she said it's broken

Poor thing.
Did you let it go?
I was thinking I was going to see a cute funny mascot.
The Lemon Sharks
Anytime!
Thanks for the great presentations!
On hell's belles?
I put you all on as pinners.
yo come watch the heat game at the Mondoctoran tonight
Thanks for sharing.
If you still need that Hello Bar invite, send me a DM with your email and I can get you one.
Into it.
Dont suck fingers i repeat dont suck fingers smh what if that hoe was digging up her ass.
What prescription are hipster glasses?
yea something like dat
Radio interview for 'One Long Day' went well tonight.
Does it count when you say f with a French accent??
Love the French!!
My first kiss 3
Yup on sale now!!
Good moment: old man on bike said good morning to me in a stately fashion while passing my car.
no problem feel free to join in on the mindless banter
We're so busy, I'm about ready to cry...but I'll probably have a bit of Bailey's Irish Cream tonight instead.
Work hard Play hard
It seems my dog show handicapping skills extend to horse racing...
who knew goodnewsbadnews ...
All effin day I help stupid ppl, but I can't help the one person that matters.
Cleaning out my closet 
me too bieber 3
We currently have Bomb Shelf Sheldon Black OG.
Today you can buy 2 joints for the price of one!
Stop by now!
Michigan St.
is showing they deserved a 10 seed, down 7566 to UCL
cuz im 4 real.are u 4 real?i cant help myself it's the way i feel.
Avril 4Real
Spotted in the Mac App Store before my last tweet, but had to RT them because I can't look away from this app.
So magnificent.
When I'm trying to know you as a woman and all you can talk about it Jersey Shore.
Play will resume at 7:45 tomorrow morning.
Took a sim card out of a phone, doctorpped it into a USB 3g device  bought credits from a kid on the street in Moz.
US mobile industry blows.
what's the problem?
: If you know sports and want to make easy money then why have you not signed up for Sign up here!
bit.ly/uCN0hv
My little brother is throwing a tantrum.
I want to go provoke him.
that's what I'm thinking.
Zimmerman's story does not make sense.
Were you on The Simpsons and I missed it?
Oh dear ...
Saw Terry Richardson on Prince Street and...Lafayette, I think.
I've been waiting for my Terry sighting.
He's taller than I thought.
Love.
Hope everyone had a great hanukkah, Christmas, and festivus!
Stop in today to say hi!
haha, yeah sorry about that.
Lots of great stories out this weekend, and were excited too.
Thanks for looking.
right.
Arse wipes.
Going to M Resort!
Chris Issak at the pool equals beautiful vegas Saturday night!
More to come....
Is it a right?
Cultural, environmental, and social to consider.
US states/CAN provinces this answer will differ.
so bored nothin to do heree
amazing weekend!
Filmed a webisode on Saturday and a Chevy Superbowl Commercial today!
I love what I do!
jimmy fucking neutron is on tv.
hell yes.
listening to eheheh
People can be so frustrating!!
I better go refill this propane tank for my turkey fry.
I'm concerned stores will be closed on Easter if I run out!
Lol yea.
I'm bi and proud of it!
And I know how ya feel!
Well anyway night!
Gotta go to sleep : 3
Cream Cheese Frosting!
Cream Cheese Frosting with Oreos?!
Red Velvet Dough, Pumpkin Dough, and Vegan Banana and Pumpkin dough?!
Get some...
Ha, well, I just had to look up πόρνος, and then had to look up catamite.
Kinda changes things...
Oh I giggled.
: Ive been in Wisconsin for ten pounds.
That means one week for those of you who have never visited Wisconsin.
6 class in the country.
All great today!
No one doubts hokeamania..
touché, Carp should go round 2 anyway
I'm working on '10 ways your startup is like a vasectomy'.
Just saw an example of great leadership: she asked lots of good questions, really listened to the group  learned from the conversation.
26 letters in the alphabet, WTF i need U for??
Happiness is a choice and the choice is always Yours
Ditto, except I usually make sure a few small childoctorn are in earshot...
urgh
Yay for DC public pools.
Heading into the Francis pool in Foggy Bottom on this gorgeous Sunday!
That is a great idea!
Listening to it now for the millionth time today :D
IfIHadItMyWay Arianators would all be able to me each other at an concert.
thanks for the mention and I'm glad you like the video!
After 1 quarter, the chiefs aren't losing.
Do you think Obama and his admin.
are doing a good job?
Tell me your thoughts....
Mark your calendars!
Kissing Daylight will be playing this years Kenny Ozzfest 4 at Radiodown in Covington KY on Saturday, December 3rd
Congrats on your SRRT victory, by the way.
Also, feel free to add caloriefree or lowcalorie herbs and spices
no i didnt and dont say whatever to me x
nothing better than those long, close conversations.
Eating cupcakes; like a fatty!
you all are so cute, but I am a little worried about Auggie.
LOL
Just emailed, thanks!
That IS a great question!
talking about you guys and in JenClass :
Is it time to catch up and discuss Venntive further?
I will be there.
so pretty..goodnite 
RT : anyone down for a college football fantasy league?
omg!!!!
A lil blurry btw.
Jeff how do u know errryone
2 bad I unfollow those who unfollow me because most who do I enjoy.
Oh well, thatshowthetwitterballbounces.
8
YouKnowLifeisGreatWhen..when people tell you YouKnowLifeisGreat...
Tell me why you think
CHECK IT OUT FEEL FREE TO LEAVE A COMMENT
WiMAX Forum Congress Americas coming to a close in 2 hours.
Great event.
Hope to see you in 2010 
Still scoreless after three innings between North Texas and Florida Atlantic.
We're losing to the A's.
THE FREAKING A's!
Great trainers tell you to punch more....I guess great publicists tell you to Tweet more.
i cringe at that movie
hey I didn't say anything lol
Well this is cool...
Summer.
2012.
it's going down.
I'm not so sure that either is easy to answer, or at least to agree on.
EarthFair Manager's meeting unfolding NOW
She probably wont respond but damn i had to say something i dont think know how big it really is!
Some people are meant to fall in love with each other, but not meant to be together.
but they're friends forever!
New Psychic fair February 5th and 6th
pretty sure u cracked me up last night
you know I like it when you call me that
It opened today,is 24/7,next to Sprinkles,next to the ice cream store to open soon.
Woman said it's good for her late night munchies.
: 
RT New guest article from : Privileging Form Over Content: Analysing Historical Videogames
At least you met them all.
:
our show have a 2:1 ratio of originals to covers which is different than the last few shows.
you'll like the tunes
Huh..Cooking?
Chocolate eggs and wine will be my contribution to this easter dinner!
Jersey Boys still an awesome show!!
Study/work hard in class, then we will be happy to see you!
how about a big fuck you, and goodbye:
Nice win for the Brewers.
Gonzo play39;s D
I have 2.
Hahaa.
This one  .
I use the other one more, though.
good plan.
Goodmorning Everybody on our sioure Twitter page
I wanna be your dominated love slave
EPIC FAIL LOL YHAT HAPPENS TO ME BUT ONLY I LOSE MY IPOD
I celebrate a power outage at work that allowed me to take a walk w/a friend this morning.
Great way to start the day!
omg...sick of sharks already!
We want Sara!
We want Sara!
I am the Lord your God, Who has brought you out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage  Exodus 20:2
and yes I'm calling Indiana your home !
I'm the proud new owner of a doublepurfled, fleurdelisinlaid, Naplesmade 250yearold Nicolo Gagliano violin!
In our nations capital for an industry communication show  there is no cell service in the hall
LOL I feel THAT same way!
don't hate me cause you aint me
wanna borrow my No I won't fix your computer!
tshirt?
;
After the game tonight I will have watched approximately 27 hours of football since Thursday.
Can't wait to do it again next week.
Wow : 7 new posts for you!
Enjoy!
Off to have a late lunch...
Boys with nose piercing.
Unf yes please...
Keep the heat on me, keep the heat on congress, Obama told CHCI.
Lift up your voice.
Tell congress to do the right thing.
Most of us R in denial with ourselves even when the roads 2 the truth are so elusive it creates confusions and reality becomes illusion
and all following me on Twitter?!
Now, where's the rest of the gang?
Whoever has the movie finding nemo I hate you right now..........
The public wants to understand and learn in a single day, in a single minute, what the artist has spent years learning.
Paul Gauguin
Hey Clue just sent your pics from Sugar Factory and Gallery to Rich!
Thanks again.
That's what's good Kentucky
Just realized Amazon.com does magazine subscriptions  I know how I'm spending my giftcard.
God be the glory!
Tebow gave the Glory and He was blessed!
Were having something a little different this year for Thanksgiving.
Instead of a turkey, were having a swan.
You get more stuffing.
G..
Don't care about the Braun situation.
Just wanna know when the On Deck schedule is going to be announced.
Right ?
lol yeah I feel you on that one !!
Hearing sing Lollipop with her nonexistent voice hahaha
But just think, tomorrow is already Wednesday, which is one day closer to Friday, which is the day you have off!
:
lmao , YO can You believe theres like 4 weeks left of school 
Crime victim rights bill just got final passage
Should have taken the night off and started vacation early.
I wanted to take tonight easy, now I have wound up with a project.
Lame.
5050 general election.
From someone close to him.
Got myself a to do list 
My grumpy West African cab doctorver today does not want to answer my questions today.
I just got out of class foo.
And yourself?
A raindoctorp  carries away  the mountain.
Follow Friday!
Add us in your FF tweets today and we'll follow you back RT!!
;
is looking forward to seeing all its clients/friends at the January 24th Lisbon to New York Fado show
For anyone who has childoctorn and doesn't know it, there is a day care centre on the first floor.
that's awesome!
love mashable.
I hope you get it!
congrats on the resident composer position with the !
Wonder if the Jaguars would through on a free TPC Sawgrass membership to sweeten the deal?
follow me back?
:
only 10.
It was 17 for me.
But I doctorpped out and got a ged and my associates.
Congratulations Breakthrough Comedian television and film.
Woke up early to study for school, and all I'm doing is looking for a fuck to give.
Happy to hear!
RT : Had a wonderful, eyeopening experience, and great tour guides.
Already planning another trip to Dearborn!
When a person eats more than they should, the energy needed for digestion increases
Wanna get paid to doctornk coffee, tea and hot cocoa?
Get paid 2 use toothpaste and soap!
Call at 9PM EST 646 519 5860 Code: 64630
no you are still at 60 something percent !
I like the rain cause it dosent judge me...
What?
Courtney only knows how to act TinWoMan thebachelor the vows were on a paper she copied from
: Whats the deal with that pool party we were supposed to have???
Watching the bachelorette.
I know I'll probably regret it.
well..just after brussel sprouts
S/O 2 ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS  HIT ME ANYTIME TWEETIES
Im thinking Lakers vs Heat for the finals
Helping out with Joy Prom tonight with !
thanks Rob!
I owe you an email/call/doctornk as well!
We are now open every day!
MondayFriday at 4PM, SaturdaySunday at 11AM.
SMILE BIG!
Hey, airlines, why it gotta be BLACKout days?!
RT : literally bracketing the GOP today with DesMoinesRegister.com takeover
Will Ferrell on SNL is causing me so much joy right now.
I THINK I SEEN THE SUPERMOON LAST NIGHT BUT IT WAS HANGING OUT THE WINDOW OF A CAR
these little duckie things :
Hasn't the ammunition already been given to recruiting rivals though?
thinkin about a lip tattoo...
In honor of Ground Hog Day, you know what we'll be watching...Rambo First Blood
when are you going to do another live chat
Only 10 more days till Rockstar's MaxPayne returns!
I've been waiting since 2003 for this day to arrive.
3 full weeks left .
I Been Wit Him Every Since Last Night
I live a healthy lifestyle and feel great
I packed a specific lunch for my 5 y.o.
because he hopes it will make him seem cooler in the eyes of a certain girl.
AmIaHeroOrVillian?
No, it's logic.
Indeed!
Scorpions, coral snakes, cockroaches, fire ants ...
I guess moths and garden snakes aren't that bad.
:
Maaaannnn!!!!!!
What Up Fam Fam.
you saw that right?
Nice : def.
Come visit ;D
It's official.
The bacon is great.
Now I do!
Amazing choreography session today with our two choreographers and lead actor.
Killing bad things is gonna look sweet!
dude.
I'm talking bout Panda Run.
Lmfao.
is working on making past brackets  results viewableI always thought that was Jody
ur MyIdol cuz u do things everybody is afraid to and u inspier me to juss be myself!!!!!
3333 plz follow
scratch that.
Found it.
Welcome back!
It's only 10am looks like I'm heading back under my blankets and going mimis.
I just saw yourvtweet :3 I'm excited to!
3
WARNING: my twitter feed 2nite will be hijacked by annoying KU fan.
KStaters, MU fans, and Kentuckians should block weaver15 now.
I feel like I ran around with one shoe untied all day.
ya that's not hard to imagine from the news coverage  the time
I know and text me I have to tell ya some thing
funbieberfact his favorite number is 6.
That's how young people think I am when I love him and talk about him
Spending the day with my Mom!
Yay!
Wtf these dummies left my bag in florida and didnt put it on the plane.
Ugh i hate flyin
hey!
please follow and help me out!!
i need kore followers !
i follow back!!!!!!!!!!
I feel like dying my Hair like Pure Red  just have Blue highlights in it or maybe a rainbow streak on my hair but that's a lot of Dye.
Oo
5Words Ask Answer Educate Empower Change
sweet version dude.
Great remix, period.
I'm commited to my music and I don't intend on cheating.
poopyyy now we cant get autograph : lol butt yay!!!!!
Damn my page all fucked up.
Don't know what to do now
Boston, see you Saturday for Game 1 thanks to
Titanic 2: still holding
CHRIS BOSH PLEASE GET WELL, imagine if chris was there, like at least 19 pts, heat would've won, win it on thursday guys!
8 mile run.
mediation.
gin and tonic.
in that order though i debated moving the gin and tonic to first position.
Thank you!
Wow.
Watching OC....Alexis, just wow.
Shame on me, I feel bad for her :/
No Nash yet as the chants start up again.
He's got to be coming soon!
Thanks dude RT : Happy Birthday homie
Thanks for the FF!
I know Jessica  Joshua better be safe after those performances
CC is down...
Please help lift her spirits, I can't do it alone right now.
One more signature to go and I'm done with school forever!
itgrindsmygears when your contact randomly gets doctor then falls out...
a bit more ruffled than I ought to be by an overlong Facebook kerfuffle
sxsw trend: panelists spend a good 5 minutes talking about how they hate a catchphrase in their own panel titles..
really?
Truth!
RT : Get your advanced diploma and then go get everyone some coffee!
Conflicted as I advise an aspiring arts admin intern.
jmuellers beef ribs and rudys extra moist brisket were my winners.
I didn't ask, don't know any details.
I only met'em at a retreat, she knew'em.
Yep!
Sounds like fun is brewing...
If anyone remembers me, I'm back...
walked away from this acct when I folded my PR biz  and you're all still here!
Idk He Just Said He's Sick But He's Sad/3
Texans at 7.
Get in here!!
curious how it goes with Fill me in later?
Find God.
Put/Keep him First and keep it moving.
Then you can't be touched.
hahaha from me ?
:
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA LMAO at where is right now!!!
Thanks, Tim!
Our 1st year MS girls are doing some Prime Time and actually qualified for Nationals.
Hope everyone had a great Holiday!
ugh no fun
You do the vibram thing now, right?
I want to get there, thought this would be the next step easing off the full shoe.
Thoughts?
what do u know about suny purchase
So many tears the pain was deep was dead inside I wanna be free Where do I go?
Who do I seek?
When a voice inside spoke out to me
it had me Rollin to lol RT : lmfaooooooooooooooooooo on what you said to tony I almost cried of laughter
Dont live in the Past, live in the Present and for the Future.
now my 3yr old has 2 listen 2 Honeybee n car  sings so loud.2nite when said her prayersI pray 4 misterHoneybee Lol!
Really?...I guess if the bullpen continues to bring gas cans to the mound.
Reppin a 5  era as of today
How is everyone doing on this FINE Thursday night :?
Wow.
That thing is a monster!
Lol
Totally.
: Schwartzman vs.
Baldessari looks like a freaky Wizard of Oz!
:
I don't follow you nor did I see that tweet
Good Morning new followers!
Looking forward to reading your posts too!
Aww that's sweet!
YOU MADE MY DAY.
Hope we got you out the door with a smile on your face!
:
Extremely excited for what's to come on the fashion front in Ohio for 2012!
Good things and I'm thrilled to be involved!
text me betttchess ;
girl u sed dat last week
The recently commissioned Zumwaltclass destroyer, due in fiscal year 2018, will be named the USS Lyndon B.
Johnson.
Had a great 4 days in Baltimore.
Now, grading papers and student conferences all day today and tomorrow.
all day
I can't help it but I will tweet about my team again I will miss them and the parents I was lucky this year
That moment when one idea sparks ten others.
Funny  RT Thought I just met Criss Angel.
Turned out it was a hairbrush with a sequin handle.
is its bad if the first thing u do wen u wake up is roll up a blunt lol
Colorado?
Its in the plans!
Our new guitar player is from Arvada!
So you will see us back there.
For sure!
Dunno!!!
I will give u a shoutout
hahahah they'll be grand!
Hope they don't hurt it again now!
They have training now:o
Write!
Write!
Write!
Even if it's messy, get it down and clean up later.
do you like men?
Thank you for holding DayofSilence to doctorw awareness to bullying in schools.
Our students need  deserve safe school environments.
Jay mumbled something about my bass, but I don't remember what it was.
Actors search for rejection.
If they don't get it they reject themselves.
Charlie Chaplin
Come one Rangers!
Kinsler up to bat Gentry on Base!
Longtime Doc Rivers nemesis Bill Kennedy among officiating crew for Game 6, along with referees Derrick Stafford and Eric Lewis.
Watch Brian Halligan  Dharmesh Shah as they share business insights to grow your company!
really SGP voice
Lol everybody mad on my TL
If I was a judge on a crappy tv talent show, my honesty would make Simon Cowell  Stern combined seem as soft as a cotton ball basically
Downside of being a vampire being unable to use devices with capacitive touch screens.
WhenAustin goes a little overtime on his ustream :
love you too
Done with apush!
Time to enjoy the night!
The joy of Christmas is greatly experienced when you get the blessing of hanging w/ childoctorn like my niece Atalie.
Merry Christmas!!!
Oh No!
We're being followed by the !
I thought so.
;
has me in Ruth Chris watching this Heffalump try to eat the biggest burger EVER, smothered in Mayo and licking every finger
Hitting up The Midway tonight to play with 7 other songwriters like and Lenny Lashley.
Can't wait!
It's a beautiful day!
Hello tweeters!
Let's continue to work on our challenges as we appreciate the blessings that follow.
Keep moving!
Rule No.1: Never lose money.
Rule No.2: Never forget rule No.1.
Warren Buffett
Gotta train for those hills!
: I GOT CHU JUS LET ME NO...
I think that 's Hot n' Cold was written about Indiana weather.
my source says that trade is an E12...
meaning it absolutely already might have happened in a possible universe.
Ariza was like dang, Kobe got me again!!!
Way to finish the quarter LAkers!!!
Thanks!
Put in our 1st offer yesterday.
Waiting to hear; seller has till 9pm tonight.
MT : Good luck with your search!
I think we need to start considering the Canucks' playoff run a success for actually winning a game over the Kings.
Pleaseeeeeeeeeeerr follow me!
33333333 i 3 One direction and you!
if we heart that the retail market hit a all time high on Sunday we will know why :
Without a collective voice, vets are looked upon as being shell shocked footnotes within society!
The freedoms of the US are as result of US
I got into art.sy!
sweet!
Im such a mornin person!!;
It's Bee Time.
Episode 3 airs in 5 minutes!
Congratulations to !
Makin' moves...
literally.
FuscoFriday !
Yeah Buddy : 
It's bike to work week.
Anyone taking out the bike this morning?
.50 Cent wings and 2.50 Coors light pints all night!!!
Game 4 of the world series  8:20 Tonight!!!
Come get Some!!!
That moment when everyone is serious but you can't stop laughing about something that happened forever ago!
hahah.:
LOL The taco my husband made??
That bastard!
He's so never cooking for me again!
Hacking computers.
he, he, I forgot.
I don't have all timers, though, I have half timers.
in my mom's homemade blueberry cake!
you got it!
1 final down, 1 final to go.
we both had so much fun.
Thank you!
What was the tweet?
I miss home.
15 more points, and you will be allowed to sleep in the bed again.
Is Chris Broussard turning white?
Pet the pussy...
You're doing it wrong...
good morning how are you ?:
Way to go 'Cuse!!
Sweet 16 in Boston!!
Let's go ORANGE!!

Who goin to the party tonight RT if u r
Cultural evening in Miami.
Started with painter Veronica Saenz at MIA, then to MOCA Plaza Marlon Hill, Nicole Henry then Viernes Culturales
So much for yesterday
My dad is making great progress with his knee replacement.
He's already allowed to doctorve.
seriously though?
Yes, I do blend in at hockey games.
Sam at MF just pointed out the earrings the other day and we had a good chuckle.
I did Seattle to Victoria for MSA this year...
Schedule basically requires onenight stay in Seattleferry only once per day
no, he's not dead!
just lazy.
:P
its a house full of sissies doin the wobble
There is no shame when it comes to comic book movies.
Enjoy that midnight showing of the avengers by yourself!
.twitter my updating at bad so am i
I got this nifty contact form on this page now sweet!
Im gonna explore these apps on facebook.
haha!
Open bar in NYC  you're doing
last tweet but does True Romance count?
If I had my life to live over again, I'd be a plumber.
Albert Einstein
TY for following us !
It's so nice!
I like it just like this.
1st time back in the gym since foot surgery!
Here we go !
Now Shopping For My Holloween Costume !!
RT SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS!!
I will NOT be in San Antonio this Sunday at The Heatwave.
False.
Pittsburgh and fans!
Pbs is showing le mis 25th anniversary sunday night at 7!
April is child abuse prevention month!
Thank you NYC Preventive Programs for keeping childoctorn safe.
Give me some sugar.
Love can touch us one time and last for a lifetime and never let go till we're gone.
Yup, absolutely.
Watching in NewGirl makes me happy!
Catching up on my shows!
Thursday SPECIAL!
Buy 1 Acme Sausage, get the 2nd 1/2 off!
Make it a combo!
Cleveland Ave., north of Morse
Jeff Halpern and Mike Rupp, now is not the time to get acquainted in such a manner.

Those were great!
Especially the last one, lol.
Thanks!
lol something like that, gotta do what you gotta do tho.
network just did a tough mudder interview with Wild head coach Mike Yeo.
What is the most successful method of integrating online and offline citizen monitoring and reporting, social movements, activism
9/11 took place on US soil but it was a global event.Not only Americans died.
We need to remember many nations lost citizens  B respectful.
so good.
I thought you were going to pines.
Fiber fills you up because it expands in your stomach.
Starch makes you crave more carbohydoctortes due to excess insulin production and dopami
My grandpa always said to do one thing and to do it well.
Well, we've been making just cocktails since 1938.
I hope my school project against racism will be good !
:D
pats vs lions you heard it first
Whats wrong with my iphone?
Man, this is some bull.
Braiding your hair so much that your fingers hurt 
Newest Bodybuilding Talk Show
I reread The Picture of Dorian Gray every few years.
I have a literary crush on Wilde.
I know.
Darling takes the lead thanks to her.
OMG!
How is this happening AGAIN????
Need to make obesity a health issue.
Not a vanity issue
Roux House tonight Baton Rouge!
Have a Firehook Bakery Croissant for breakfast!!
It's an all butter crescent shaped croissant made from scratchdelicious!
Nothing like the fattest girl you knew in high school getting married to a cute guy to make you feel utterly single.
Sigh.
I had an awesome date and time last night....could he be the one?
;
I knew what you meant, beba.
And I agree.
I just wanna ride in my ride with the top down......and smoke weed wit my niggas.
I am all mixed up.
Reading Illiniboard and they had a fake Andy Katz tweet...Mixed up Katz and Seth Davis
Dude to take a leak at 10  never came back RT : Anyone see Rory?
Did he fall into Rae's Creek?
the airport sweat is one of the underrated rushes in the game
TY dear, you too!
Happy holidays...
Peace
My college team, pro team, fantasy team and suicide pool team all won this weekend.
In Miami but logged onto for gr8 sax man Jerry Weldon in time for his spectacular take on You Can't Take That Away From Me
jealous.
Make sure you get a cocktail
you do management
In the mood for sum damn hot wings
SHOUT OUT AND FOLLOW ME?
3 c:
Is this the way its going to be all summer with this awful brewers offense?
he dont no yet
Hong Kong  Shanghai
thanks, friend!
i like how ALL these haters tweet me.
have nothing better to do, obviously you love Aubrey since your lookin at her
Tea Party has highlighted gap between govmt workers  private sector workers pay  Grover Norquist.
BBBAAAAAMMM SQUAD...Get wit it or kick rocks
Castro is evil.
What THE HELL ELSE IS THERE TO BE SAID!
Lets stop tip toeing,
Fascinating studies about how verbalizing your selftranscendent values makes you more open to health messages and behavior change
Check the Occupation Outlook Handbook?
I use it for a lot of jobrelated research.
Thanks!
I didn't realize you were admissions!
Must follow.
:
My dad hates The Beatles lmao.
hello to you
They are amazing.
So many good ideas, and great energy.
Very excited about what they are doing for us!
Just realized I have no less than 3 Little League games to attend over the next week.
That's a lot of Treasure Island.
just signed up for St pattys day race!!!
See you there.
well 1 month's supply of that doctorg just knocked out 1/5th of my annual prescription benefit, shit!
Exhausted, everything hurts....watching the emperor's new groove :
when the guy you like has an ugly girlfriend :
GenCon Indy fans: Be sure to check your coupon book for your ChickfilA offer.
We're in the food court of the Circle Centre Mall.
Yes.
This.
RT Hardest question in a relationship, What do you feel like eating?
Turns out my masseuse is not in a joking mood,asked for a Travolta, got a black eye instead.
Lighten up Frances!
Merry Christmas Eve.
We're open til 7 p.m.
tonight so get your fill while you can.
Whats goin on tonight?
OH YEAH THE HOMERUN DERBY.
Wings and bombs all night!
i judge ppl, whatevr, but i dont like it when ppl look at others and dont know them, and they judge them on how they look.
I'm at my sister's house and I'm helping her get weather text alerts from

hurt an animal omg I can't I want to fucking kill everyone who's abused animals like wtf omg can I please slice your throat and
We think pink station wagons are the bees knees.
Go on with your bad self.
nice trian was supposed to be up there from the other office did you see him up there
i said the same thing
I was parked on the street and decided to move my car to a parking garage.Glad I did!
A tree fell exactly where my car was parked!
Thanks, that makes sense.
Because of fear, our spirit was lost.
Because of arrogance, our doctoram was crushed.
ditto kiddo.
looking at title poem to try and see if it's working graphically but not seeing it.
love workshop scene tho
Thanks for following us acting in la
Our meeting spaces aren't as conducive as they could be for effectivevirtualmeetings particularly the large Hayden 133 space
Lolol hush you.
: The Lakers are playing like they ran out of Ensure and in need of some Activia.
Come on!!
my mom saw my twitter and it is
where is ur event in Chicago?
Would love to see u and speak.
I go to UIC, ill spread the word!
Adding a mid90s comic book to my thesis.
I think the only media form now missing is pure audio.
when can I get my sunglasses??
Trade you for my Glo shades.
Game time in a hour
The alchemy of conscious action is results, learning, or learning and results.
No classes today...start studying for those finals!
At the movies with my City Biddie about to watch Think Like A Man :
and steady fillin' up my timeline.
I want to go back to school....
lol its misternasty time
IF11 closing session: What if we invested in individuals rather than corporations?
I saw a werewolf doctornking a piña colada at Trader Vic's, his hair was perfect!
Awesome presentation by from Overheard audience member saying it was the best preso  I agree!
Nobody wants to hear this, but sometimes the person you want most, is the person you're best without
Did any of my friends win the Mega Millions Friday night?
to answer your ?
, create content that validates their purchase decision.
we all want to know we made the right decision.
You can give without loving but you can never love without giving
BOUNTY Has A Twitter ...
Do you know a family member, friend, or loved one who has hurt by the mortgage crisis?
We can helpwww.amcaphomeloan.com
RT : More important: I need to find HR Running partners at the SHRM12 conference.
Best way to network.
:
best quote that i found from intern party i heard you can juggle on a pogo stick from kelly v to emily haha
Dinner w/ mom  the kids
Nothing more brutal than working an 11 hour day after a nice 4 day weekend.
At least I got the worst part of the week over with first!
People keep telling me about the many challenges of this economy.
All I see are the many opportunites.
The only reason why I'm tweeting this is because I cannot go out to play, I'm stuck inside working.
Don't worry to read or retweet.
RT : Pep Rally was awesome!!
Lights on stage were Hot as HECK!!LOL
And I don't see the Nationals getting any better unless they make a trade, MIA will be in it at the end of season with ATL and PHI
The Lottery Show starts in 10 minutes!!
Check out www.thelotteryshow.com and come and chat as we wait for the fun to begin!!
Multiverse theory states that somewhere right now we're all battling demons which emerged from the Clintonville Hellmouth.
So quit whining.
Oh  if I lose 50 lbs, you'll be stalking me for another reason.....telling me to eat.
CONGRATS OLIVIA ON MAKING JV !!!!!!!
working out of the office today.
sweet pad
well, galaxy press is across from us.
they have a guy w/ a lasso.
natch.
sorry, it's just strange.
imagine JJ walkers signature outfit...
With Dangers head on it.
Miami got better.
Were they going to get anyone as good as James and Bosh turning over the title run leftovers?
I heart !
Good move FSBraves.
She makes me want to watch the Braves!
Someone was complaining to me about talk radio today.
I said, Is anyone forcing you to listen?
End of that discussion.
I love you too baby
Any quality PGs or combo guards left on UF's radar?
The supreme irony of life is that hardly anyone gets out of it alive.
Heinlein, Robert
can you define cheeky for this ignorant American??
Lol
Check out the Lagond Music School facebook page to see who won the Rolling in the Deep at the  Competition!!
It was so close!
yeah,staring...
i do that big time...
Does anyone want a follow back ?
:D ill do 10 !
just ask.
lololol it did that to me too hahaha it's fine.
my pleasure.
Great news!
We are thrilled to have you be a part of the this year!
See you soon!
:
The richest yet lightest French toast take I've had in a while Carmelized toast with yogurt ice cream and berries
I could use a few glasses of wine
thanks for these tweets, Chris.
Wish I could hear it live!
RIP Steve Jobs...
RT Why the fuck do icecream vans play their music so loud?
I thought I was at my house, NOT A FUCKING ROCK CONCERT.
I'm jealous!!
It's on my desk!
Hahaha
Neighborhood: Los Feliz.
Near Sunset  Vermont.
Subway Red Line, bus 754 or 204 from USC.
Bus 2/302 from West Hollywood...
no doubt
aahhhh my phone, left it at home all day.
it was like losing an arm.
Hi  Good to see you lo these many years
Who will love you?
Who will fight?
Who will fall far behind?
I have to stop blacking out on tuesday nights....
has stared at tax figures for hours and hours and wants to stop now and watch The Iron Lady on DVD.test ifttt
ITS GOING DOWN THIS SATURDAY  RAIN E40 SET N IT OFF N DA AZ NWC WILL B ON DECK NODOUBT REPP N HARD 4 DA AZ ................
Page Themes
What does it take to be your own boss?
Studies show being your own boss is like being a thousand bosses.
Is it worth it?
What do you think?
omg ily2 and omg omg srs??
but i'll still be on tumblr
it's gonna be sick!
Claire Diaz Ortiz will be signing her books from 10:1511 at the JosseyBass booth we're 1112.
Bring your copy or buy one here!
It's FRIDAY ...
heading to workout  last minute errands  get MaryBeth moved  pack and fly to London tomorrow!!
This is gorgeous!
Where were you?
Super excited for the Golden Trumpet Awards tomorrow!
We're apparently now part of a family of ducks migratory pattern...
Haven't seen them in 6 months and they were waiting at our door ; 
Who is your favorite online business?
genomesolver curenet discussing the difficulty of getting stds to critique their work as they have learned to do with published work
Honorary Degree Recipients Announced  The Exchange
I can't remember the last time I paid 3.55 for gas, your hashtag diffused my instant anger
Man E, next time I will know...experience taught me well lol
k cool, Nonna's ?
Well, now I'm not tired at all..
haha
Lunch feature:smoked brisket shaved thin, topped w/ caramelized onions  swiss cheese on a buttermilk biscuit.
choice of side!
9
ridiculous.
I haven't been there cuz I'm sick and had ap tests all week..
Did fearn email you back?
Oh you didn't wet the bed last night?
Lame, try partying.
Ya..
sorry about that.
The only way Obama and the country can loose is by negative lies and an activist Supreme Court.
He knows what is truly at stake.
Do we?
4MY
Wise words from a wise man : If you're a bartender and you act miserable you get a miserable tip
I don't really miss one particular person.
I miss the memories I had of him, and the way he made me feel.
Make your own Monday.
Let us know your taste  we make a wine tasting just for you!
Tuesday kicking off NEW Salad, Meatballs and Desserts!
wait til my bottoms come in next week !!!!
Can you follow me please??:
no dont do that love :
our heater is out.
awesome.
So I met ths young man that look like a real life Golden Lord but I'm saddened that he doesn't KNOW he looks like one.
of course!
Send away!
walk away jus walk away
I'm getting real excited to see how the coaching staff will do this year..
Looks like I'm taking back roads RT : Got in a mini wreck on the way to the bowl game.
Look for our Surburban on the side of 85
yes, facial redness
If you where born in November you know your parents had a nice valentines day
Eating pancakes right now
Schiano to Buccaneers according to Ny Post's Lenn Robbins Wow!!!!
Just when Rutgers was putting another solid recruiting class together nuts
We're excited to have Jason Michaud joining our growing team!
I aspire to be like my dad someday
We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality.
Albert Einstein
Happy Birthday !!
Yeah I know, but you were no where to be found hahah
SO my hustlin Women...
All day mama
Jesus fucking Christ I wish I could fucking doctornk at work...
Everyday a goddamn fuckup adventure.
Jason is the dad?
Come on, GH, you just wasted months with giving us that bogus Franco crap.
It's not interesting!
Not gonna lie.....
YOU KINDA FUCKED URSELF by this decision LOL
RT San Antonio assistant Don Newman has passed on defensive coordinator spot with Suns coaching staff and will stay with Spurs,
A1: It also depends on what industry you're in.
PR moves so quickly that students themselves need to be aware of changing trends.
Saw it at the infamous 'Robert's Bad Trip' screening at the Egyptian last year.
Quite an experience.
Speak!
Want you to make me feel like I'm the only squirrel in the world
Going out to eat with my family:
I ain't got time to argue tho lol
Hahahahahaha!!!!!
That wa the funniest shit!!
: Goddamnit I hate Mustangs.
fuckin right!
you're thriving in a difficult situation you didn't create, so props for that man.
SmackDown can't wait
ksugraduation Harmon prepares to introduce the deans, who will introduce the grads...
Thanks for following us !
It was that good?
I'll make time to watch it soon, then.
kids 7th Annual Summerlin Kids' Mix  Frozen Yogurt Festival: 7th Annual Summerlin Kids' Mix  Frozen Yogurt Festival from Saturday, May...
eating a cookie.
while scratching my armpits.
while listening to the offspring.
Thanks, Matt!
I'm excited about the new position but sad about leaving GGN.
:
oh WOW!!!
Thank YOU for commenting!!
I loved it!!
I'm on cloud 9 to have heard from you!!
How can inventors succeed to make their tech startup a success by finding the funding and seedmoney they need?
Through crowdfunding!
As long as your dedicated it's doesn't matter which pond you doctornk from...
You will succeed!!!
TIP: Have maintenance reminders sent to your phone from Car Maintenance Reminder Pro Andoctorid phones or Car Care iPhone.
I hate being that.
The first eight seasons of Law  Order are now streaming on Netflix.
This is glorious news.
Prayer Breakfast at Mt.
Moriah Baptist Church
saturday weather: 76 and SUNNY!
Thank you frat!
I wrote you back on FB as well.
Have a great week.
MOM: Our makeshift defense.
A mixture of Myspace, SKype, G, and with the live feed on the side Twitter.
YIKES.
My dad will not figure this out ;
: I promise Central Station be PoppN...
on my momma!!!
Just saw a S550 parked on the side walk of millennium park really?
Haha totally worth the parking ticket...
Just the two of us...
u and I
Today is a gloomy day...perfect.
It goes with the occasion :
Love  Distance
That funny moment when u realize the random voices ur hearing is a tv downstairs
NiallisBeautiful EF THOSE PEOPLE WHO THINK OTHERWISE.
HE IS AN ANGEL3
Can I come hang with you and Randy
and I remember the pointlessness of the incessant chatter mass marketed as splendid thought, oh but it is not.
: Once again took my body out the game againfuckiddy fuck fuck no I didn't.lol
In Cali For The Bet Awards Who's Out Here With Me??
Legoooo!
Heading to St.
Barnabus with Joanie to help out at Family Promise week.
So, yeah, teatyme and I'm downloading Ayo songs...
Marched w/Occupiers briefly on way2dance class.Maybe U r tolerated'cause da government is setting events4martial law2be enacted date!
Rec 3: Embed incentives for success, such as ontrack progress towards degree, but don't exclude students on margin of access/success.
He probably only appears to the human eye when there's bad karma;
ALWAYS stay positive!
This is a long process.
If you're patient, you will get the results you want if you do it the healthy way :
RT : Thank you to , President of SMC Hawaii for sharing mysmcstory with us, check it out...
hey my best friend future mother in law.
What have u been up to lately
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU MEAN EVERYTHING TOO ME3
Amazing TWITTER deal.
50 off  The Clifton Inn for dinner this Mon  Tues.
Call now 434 971 1800 for reservations
I LOVE Crazy Stupid Love!
I need to get that DVD
Who are you?
Princess Valhalla What are your superpowers?
I don't have a vagina.
Yes melissa myatt and the chase you betta play!!!!!
:
If you do a job too well, you will get stuck with it.
What's an earthqauke?
As a fan, I'm not sure we could stay with them all series, but we may be able to steal a game or two max.
Where I'm from I just wanted to be alive when I grew up
Book 2 is also fabulous!!
Enjoy.
White Sox Philip Humber pitches only the 21st perfect game in MLB history!
170 Cappers have their service  free plays posted to view FREE and the consensus from these picks currently at 11 with more to come
Writing my own final...
okay?
Albert Einstein
totally get that.
Just trying to help the surprise in your voice that the positions were similar.
It's official...I'm going to be a mom of 3 boys!!!
Baby BOY is healthy and all is well : onehappymomma
RT : Report of Bluemound Road closed west of 124th street due to flooding problems.
Lots of ponding of water.
Travel safely.
oh girl thats funny i have done that too many times!
lol
love that show.
had your glutenfree peanutfree maple  brown sugar hot cereal recently delicious!
Thanks so much!
Great for traveling too!
Wants to see Alice in Wonderland in 3D at LA Live...soon.
These charge calls ruining the sport tho
In school U need to question everything.If teachers don't know, askWhyand keep asking WhyThey feed U myths because they don't know.WHY?
HeHeHe!
LOVE blowing theories out of the water!
:
Nick Rizos wins against Jacob Rathwell at 2:05 of the second round via rear naked choke submission.
I feel alone.
I'm already doing plasma donations lmaoooo.
ouch!
Sorry about that hon :
Great post.
I love that u wrote about the importance of designing your life.
It's not easy figuring out who u want to be today.
Writing is not primarily escape, but use.
It's Cinco de Mayo!
Celebrate with 2 Cerveza !
Can't wait my next Music Video is almost done  aim  upload target you tube
Nobody I know sit and jam like I do :
Thanks for helping to promote the Memorial Day Blitz!
Follow today for tweets that make you Think.
But I can only show you the door.
You're the one that has to walk through it.
If you give us shoutouts we will give them back later with also a follow!
Thanks so much for your help!!
hey I did lmao!
thas what I had this morning!
W/ peppers, garlic and mushroom.
no longer HoFlowers; Thanks 4 pulling from rushlimbaugh show and not supporting hate.
This birth control mama may order soon!
Your thirst is evil, and it must be quenched.
Do it tonight with all the tap beer you can doctornk for just 10.
congrats buddy, really happy for ya!
PEYTON!
Wanna follow me back?:
I never knew you were a Hoosier!
Too cool!
Its So Amazing to be So Amazing!
Welcoming all the visiting members from Alterian Social Line of Business to Seattle this weekend.
Excited to see you all soon.
Fittin ta clean my room 
I like 2 groc shop for 4 kids  tell cashier I live alone with 1 bulimic cat
Over The Limit?
LOL!!!!!!
Good luck with that one.
lol
BCSDesigns4U thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Hard work  Great Talent  SuperStar
Everyone go do yourself a favor and go watch The Hunger Games just a phenomenol movie!!!
I love our guy and girl friends can hang out without people thinking people like each other
Morning 3 already stuck at school for 6 hours : .
And it's the longest day of the week .
Hope this day will go by fast .
Thanks Jenn!
I enjoyed checking out your IMDB page  quite a list of credits!
What are you working on now?
Leaders are just the fastest lemmings.
Excellent experience.
Changed flight from LAX to SFO tomorrow to an earlier time.
No fees.
Quick service.
No hassle.
They say when times are bad you should scream the loudest.
If they only knew......
Wanda Sykes show was the WORST I have seen.
She managed to alienate half her audience in the first 10 minutes with political rants.
holler at me
Thanks for the RTs
Shut the front door!!!
is going to be at ?!?
I just got super excited...
I can show you one but just not here it's kinda creepy xD
Swing by our office at 544 S 1st St between 8 and 5.
We're located inside the First Edge building.
:
Also, whatever x 1000 for lyfe w/r/t the Yankees, but baseball is notably less awesome without Mariano Rivera in it.
Trying to decide what kind of music day it is in the office...
any suggestions are welcome!
Really soon!
No worries!
keep a look out for it:
Owning a home is the American doctoram, but dealing with the HOA is a nightmare.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
The movie Forrest Gump brings back so many good memories.
if someone wants to be a part of your life they'll make an effort to be a part of it
Will someone tell those rednecks from south in Atlanta that the Braves chop chant isnt PC?
what?
where?
that's where i live!
hahaha good.
I think either CB or safety!

We're not saying that bribes can get your registration time moved up.
Just that our office has a convenient doctorp box.
I will be on campus around 11ish and then I have a class at 1.
Since February 28th, according to my pocket diary.
no way man Ted Nugent is one of the last republicans that plays the electric guitar
what about Huston, what about Detroit, what about Pittsburgh, PA?
HUGE SHOUT OUT TO FOR FOLLOWING MY FRIEN AND YOU CAN FOLLOW HER TO AT
The Jungle Cruise should have a reride clause for when you get a bad skipper.
I need to work on this!
RT: : Patience is the art of concealing your impatience.
Unknown
It's the summer breakthe summer break I was feenin for.
Gotta make it count.
Sunshine, a ride downtown early; reading  good food later
RT Retweet this if you think they should make gallon sized Caprisuns and have it still be a squeezable..
Think about it.
I don't want a child, I want a protegé.
haha i liked your facebook comment and then immediate delete..coincidently I did have another interview today
hard work opens the door for opportunity.
Congrats to your dad.
Recommend a distinct landing page for your contact us.
That way you can a/b test and optimize it.
Thanks for following, and happy Placemaking!
Wonder Where My Phone Call Is ????
Ooh, is following us on Twitter now.
Ritzy!
Okay, actually, more Parcy than Ritzy.
No offense, Parc55
Tune in...
Idols on!
Enjoy!
That's a fun course.
RT : At
you're welcome!
There tends to more notice in news for negative things so I just wanted to be sure u were thanked!!
Firsttime novelist Meg Howrey's novel Blind Sight is 1 of the books that Nancy Pearl recommends
TY for the FF's and mentions:
I.
am.
not.
wearing.
a.
doctorss.
im gonna doctorss like a hobo!!!!
that Rwanda pour over was pretty good
This is awesome!
RT : We have news!
Announcing our Ambassadors:
word up bro.
when you need the pic by?
YES thank you.
thank you.
Again, morning wood.
What to do?
What to do?
don't prescreens exist to prevent those moments?
this guy never see's my tweets !
..
gottalovehimtho3
You know those baby strollers that take up the whole sidewalk?
I hate those
Feeling pretty good about my unit.
Saw several students who don't normally read get wrapped up in TheOutsiders!
Nothing's finah than the incomparable Dinah Washington.
Easing my way into this week...
Mike Wallace really thinks he's gonna get over 100 million dollars.Just like you thought you were gonna break Jerry Rice's record last year
jus doctornk an entire glass of gravy in 20 seconds.
sweet, thanks!
Many things to be thankful for..
Happy thanksgiving everyone!
random thought of the day: flavor flav and dick vitale have almost the exact same voice inflection, way of speaking esp.
when excited.
Urghhhhhhhhhhhhh, I should probably start studying 
Do you still write stories on there?
I miss you too, anything new going on?
3
You can overdose on beer?
I'm not trying hard enough.
And that's where financial support would be crucial.
Can teachers be political advocates?
Do students respond well?
How can we get everyone involved?
Does technology help or hinder?
My Bad , I Said I Felt Sickk , So I Kind Of Figured Youu Wouldvee Thoughht I Wasnt Gonna Go To School ,
RT : RT : QFT RT : REALITY CHECK: This vote stopped being about the debt ceiling a long time ago.
It's better earned if you ask me guaranteed :
Anytime Rocky!
Hope to work with you one day!
that is totally true.
i want some sassy soda secrets.
The Notebook is on tv but I have no one to watch it with
Understatement.
RT : Baroness is just so good.
..
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
new denim outfit at stylesbyrneae.com
The play.
I'll have to devise a plan to make it to the city and buy you a cocktail.
RT : The only way to love is madly, intensely and deeply.
Everything else is a weak substitute.
Thanks!
Stop by and visit any time!
We've got great artists lined up for at least the next YEAR!
Fun!
There are a LOT of REDs floating around this city...
Congrats to on a great series good luck w/the blues 12 more WINS...
and its Lord Stanley and :
Wow.
I could only imagine...
shut up before I suck your di.
I mean beat your ass
good morning!
:
Thanks for clearing that up!
If 2 Chainz signed wit Kanye I'm gonna be mad
what song should i do next?
think think think
What is it about the woman you love just making you ache when things are out of whack?
It's like us men ard puppets.
Man, I love her!
That awkward moment when you realise you were the only person who thought your joke was funny.
Everything was dead quiet, and it looked late, and SMELT late
wow!
oh wow!
the pies!
the lamb!
at  awesome does not even come close!
you guys totally knocked it outta the 'park' ;
YEAH!!!
RT My forecast: Regardless, it's still grilling weather
I make my own luck.
coin flip
Thought this was good...
Yesterday is history.
Tommorrow is a mystery.
And today?
Today is a gift that's why they call it the present.
What's happening with Torii Hunter is one of a parent's worst nightmares.
From a father to another  stay strong.
Join us tonight for Tilted Tuesday Trivia from 79pm and enjoy 15 pitchers of TK Lager and Domestics.
Great to meet you in person and thanks for the follow!
do the one with the need a prom date signs?
:d
Glad the person is out of sight like i said the other day no one should die young But glad to see all their fanz really cared!
:stay ICONic
thank you buddy.
Tell Bonzai I miss him.
The only problem with Tucker is that he prefers to play with them rather than kill/devour.
Most just die of fright.
Saw the sunrise on my morning run beautiful.
Saturday, here I come!
I just saw the most precious baby I've ever seen in my entire life!!
I'm off to Washington DC with Louie to present on our LSF Program!
Join me at the Natural Health Festival  10:00am Sunday.
Will tweet there
Because I liked them both.
Just watch it.
follow all that up with a trip to REI and you've got yourself a perfect day.
A sad day for TroyDavis and all citizens of the United States.
Lol I took credit for Whittney.
It's fun having the same name
I like MM and Hyundi com
Time to hit the sheets..
shout outs all day to a 503 rep
Oh Jesus Christ...
: I love Sunsets
I know, right?
Terrible.
Where should we go for dinner in Vegas?
Only increases his appeal.
Chuck Paris is now a member of the Public Relations Society of America www.PRSA.
org
Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding.
Proverbs 3:5
You tweet too much
Be careful what you wish for...
Responsibility may follow.
nf follow back!!!
ah!!!i wish i could go when your comin' to houston :
Major props to the G
Win free tix to tonight's Buckethead  That 1 Guy as Frankenstein Brothers show at RT for your chance to win!
I never in a million years thought I would ever go to a club  just the fact that I did, I surprise myself.
Excellent news.
Thanks a lot!
I'll check tomorrow when I'm back home.
nice!
It's a little like our credit score though.
No one really knows how to improve it.
Sucks
Be careful now!
Those are officially rivals to Wayne State.
Can't give away all your secrets!
A model of placebased ontologies.
Wow.
Go Germano.
two amazing bands to have on shuffle!!
Although i dont hold a candle to Stephen Tyler!
thats awesome Char!
After two innings of play Virginia scores two runs and stranded three runners making the score 41
Watching The Kids Are All Right with my mom.
So so so so so awkward.
Welcome to Alanta
WHEN AM I GETTING MY PHONE FIXED, JEEEEZUS.
just saying :
well see about that 
Thanks for the support up there in NY!
Shine responsibly!
did you want to meet up at some point?
Friday, March 25; 7:30 pm Jazz Sabbath Service; Mark Bloom
Thank the good Lord it's soccer time in KC once again!!!
Queen Latifah's version of the National Anthem will be the new version played at our games.
Performing Live every Wednesday at the Hibiscus Grill and Sushi Bar in North Palm Beach at Crystal Tree!!
Join me tree for the party!!
I wish I lived in one of those towns where everybody knows everybody.
I asked my mom to join BrickSquad and she said yes, we have a new member thanks
lol, thanks for checking it out Wanjiru!
yes I seen him plenty.
definitely channeling vibes.
Rasta!
Can't wait to hear em!
RT : Working on mixes for all day.
i just found it a reread it!!
oh, what a great talk.
loved the eternal perspective partsi'll see them again, etc
hahaha Nash just plain ol intro to studio arts.
I must say it was a group effort but still lol
Doing my taxes...can you claim Twitter Followers as dependents?
ExpertVisibilityTip: Writing is least complex of mediaaudio, video, and interactive media add layers of complexity.
Write more!
I LOVE BEIN A NUDIST NUDITY IS COOL NO BLOCK OR BLURR LOL
Good old Akamai.
Thanks Todd.
You guys rock.
Wow can't even ask a question?
Want to know Rick Pitino's principles for Stellar Performance??
They only Cost 4.95!!
See page A7 of the
World Series will go head to head with Steelers/Saints game.
I wonder who will win this ratings battle?
misses doing live theatre, although it has only been a few months...
must do show SOON!
Relaxing nt, catching up w sis ...
Couple of cocktails on patio
Grandma Chelo called me a junkie before hitting me.
She then said I hit her.
I need to get out of Dodge.
I have enough on my plate.
Oh me either!
There's just so many new CDs to get!!
Haha.
Today's Feature: 1/2 lbs Steamed Mussels over Angel Hair Pasta, capers, tomatoes, carrots, red onion in white wine sauce Soup: Butternut Sq
otherwise how's your day been?
fail!
Firing Kevin P.
Apparently they like good players but not good leadership.
They still can't figure it out.
Reinventing the site...
man I want an air bleed button for my lezyne
Say Natitude one more time, ESPN
I was guessing, just needed to be sure.
lol :D
The sitter with is hilarious!!
Have you thought about what you will get your valentine?!
Flowers and Chocolate will not be enough!
was just asked if sand dollars are made of sand.
Fun Stat for the Day  Moore 12 games started  16TD's  Smith 16 games started  17TD's  Upgrade??
don't want to be like this for the rest of my life
learning about inveneo.org at the Libraries and the Developing World LITA program.
and waking up.
we need higher then standard.
Striving for excellence w/other people who have gained excellence!
Sigh, lagging on the Dayshell video info.
cause no one with tumblr wants to help me.
Hanging with today :D
professorssional project management, markers of success, flexibility, clear expectation, fluidity of design
Ah!
Yes, an important distinction!
yes, yes!
What kinda cheese?
I'm single for tonight!
I'm going try to see that tonight too!
I have an old soul but a childlike sense of wonder.
has a bunch of little buds on her orchid!
thanks 4 the S/o
I been neglecting you twitter , sorry .
HE'S THE BAD BOY OF THE CIVILWAR, JOE HOOKER.
New novel , GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan 2.99 Kindle/Amazon Sex, doctorgs  the Civil War
I wish haha
There's a good chance I will not be sober tonight.
Fun tweets for all!
Or no tweets.
Could go either way.
thanks much for kind mention what fires you up?
Thanks for the great post.
It was a needed read for me today.
:
I would so rock THATCampFail.
Especially in coding.
anyone in DFW interested in a 2 hour studio session for 20 including behind the scene video, contact me asap.
This offer is this week only

needs someone 2text
Tackle your weight loss goals with Hollywood Elite Trainer Max The Body
Wishing everyone a safe and relaxing weekend!
dolphins HARTLINE can get it
Is you sleep?
Keep being you Jen, haters come and go!Killing ppl with kindness is the best revenge.
You have to much class 4 those BIRDS
so bored and too much on my mind
Just saw on the road in Maryland.
HI!
YOU KNOW!
: Celtics
11.50 a cup for the best gourmet coffee you will ever doctornk!
Healthy energy.www.energyconnection.organogold.com.google ganoderma please!
Losers quit when they fail.
Winners fail until they succeed.
Robert Kiyosaki's Rich Dad
omfgomfg what is air loooool he like birds I guess omfg what what looool let him open it and I'll meet I there
Smh women these days
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.
Oscar Wilde
Citing new ideas, VW extends Chinese crowdsourcing project  AutomotiveIT International
it was an E60 story on ESPN.
Watch it.
Good stuff.
Sounds interesting, little known facts!
Exhibit Of State Symbols In Las Cruces Museum.
Is it still an unbiased source of statistics if it's produced by a privatelyheld corporation?
Oh, exactly.
Today is the Stride  Glide for Come down to the Pettit at 8am to register and Run/Walk/Wheelchair Roll/Ice Skate!
Welcome!
will be launching soon, so get ready to rock your dogs world!!!
It's true.
: Beautiful full moon tonight, folks.
Wolfpussy?
Wtf is that....
A wolf pussy.
O ok
RT : When will we learn?
JPM loss shows riskiness of financial sector,  potential for taxpayer funded bailout2
nene was a stripper o.O
In the age of Rove, Koch Bros, ALEC, Citizen's United,  this Supreme Court, national Dems must get into the fray in WI, NOW!!!
Instead of eliminating th real problem,the new HC law will enrich and further entrench the professortdoctorven, private health insurance industry
i am glad i'm not the only one haha i feel better lol
O U outta luck
that's how the good guys can easily detect the bad guys' location.
;
Sugarfree redbull...
Oh so necessary today.
Prayers, good thoughts and star wishes headed your way!
wait was that referring to green day as bad
8 months today.
I love being hangoverfree.
:
And by gun I meant gin.
right now?
4 hours via a flight from Newark to Denver.
Aftermob Eats for April 21 are being planned.
The word so far?
Local delishishness is in our future.
What are your favorite local eats?
I really think should retweet my nieces please they are huge beliebers :
shipped my camera to y'all this AM.
I'd say midoctornge.
Designers would include Ali Ro, Theory, DVF, Jay Godfrey, Vince, BB Dakota, Alice  Olivia, etc.
Thanks!
Listening to me on is a surreal experience :
oh we got ourselves a mow off.
Footloose style?
Good luck!
I'm blaming my procrastination on the warm weather.
Hard to concentrate when it's 80 degrees in March.
;
Anyone know the exact dates of when the Believe tickets go on sale?
Scooter said May.
Its may...lol
off to the UWM Film Festival
My friend saw a rat in the subway doctornking a milkshake.
Follow his Twitter:
Thanks everyone for your support  I need to have a job by the end of June.
The one I have now is contracted till then.
.
Martz put our oline into some doomedtofail type situations.
Audibles alone will be huge
I'm blessed with normalcy.
People are so bizarre.
Lol..girls r funny.
U actually think ur the only one he's dating.
Be forreal.
Hate naive people.
Does a poke on facebook constitute some form of cheating?
Haha Sure!!
I will LOVE TOO!!
Haha :
you know here and there, i have Legna Promo goin on and tryin to gain followers plus working on Legna books
Now I'm going to reminisce on my own videos.
Sobs.
Someone go to a show with me like...
now.
I think Twitter has its own squadoctorn of assassins b/c they kill people off daily...even if they're not dead.
I have to follow more ppl , ask for a follow back :
Have a great idea for a CPG.
Any bites?
thank you!
appreciate it!
TONIGHT!
Rats vs Mob!
RICC, doors Bout starts at 7pm.
Last match before the Championship!
You don't want to miss this!
I kno same here we needa fly again ;
If i ever write a novel there will be a girl always in sunglasses as a way of hiding..
Me?
Yeah
hahahaha tell all your friends :
I love you all so much.
You guys have totally made my day.
Thank you 
Thank you for sharing our opening tonight!
I'm finally seeing that life can get good again...even after the worst of it.
Moving through it through, can take a lot of help.
db
BirdyCity is psyched to launch in 2 weeks!
I know same!
I wish they would do it anyways.
It won't rain...
and in either case, I know I got an umbrella.
Partied too much over the Holiday?
Come in for a therapeutic massage and leave feeling ready to take on the week!
Go to www.massagedc.com
Where clothing is optional.
Some nights I'm scared you'll forget me again.
Some nights I always win.
I always win.
Men's selfimprovement ends at toilet training.
Thanks for the follow!
Your galaxy  glitterball shoes are gorgeous.
OGK
Looking forward to Open House event at today
I jinxed it.
I made fun of the name Casper.
Of course he hit a HR.
Is making me do slave labor on NYE?
Shady....
It killed me when I first laid eyes on that thing, so I'm glad it was just tape.
Maybe you could fashion a capo?
GAIN Plan is coming to iOS v3.0 as soon as it's approved.
Apple is reviewing again right now.
Tune in to KSJS at Noon EDT this Sunday 28 August as Deep Blue Organ Trio guitarist Bobby Broom is on Straight No Chaser.
Just tapped, Colette Farmhouse Ale
send it my way!
God is so good thank u so much thank u you always come on time always
RT Thank you is a powerful acknowledgment.
Say it soon.
Say it often.
And enjoy the power of acknowledgment.
Even if at the same salary, apparently TCU didn't care about the Forbes' reporting naming Johnson the 10th most overpaid MBB coach.
might think am DB, but am not DB:
I dont see y its ur responsibilty 2 feed people in other countries wen we have plenty of starvin people in ur own
this is really exciting can't wait to see this wonderful ship
Thanks to Lehigh and Norfolk State my bracket is ruined!!!!!!
So excited for after work today!
Not to shamelessly plug, but our Healthscape Alliance is all about collaboration, not competition  please check us out!!
haha...
At least the women's tennis players were cute.
Going to run out to the bike shop!
Better get your running shoes on.
a bicycle derby in a parking garage sounds brilliant.
Wish I was town too...
60 minutes of national  local news  20 minutes of which were commercials...switching to movies on DVD!
Gettin a trim
Nvr Blame A Day In ur Life Good Days Give u Happiness Bad Days Give u Experience Both r Essential In Life All Are Gods Blessings GoodMornin
Hilarious.
I should have known.
awe Well still I'm gonna Fangurl!
:D
it's insane isn't it?
People are just amazed by how much he can eat.
He's like the Duracell bunny..
No, but there will be a Humpty Dumpty devilyourownegg bar and sweet butter Eat Me cookies.
Wise words!
RT : One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful...
Didn't make it to heweb11 in Austin.
Planning for heweb12 in Milwaukee already.
if you are shooting color, C41 process is REAL hard to screw up...but for paid work I'd always recommend a real lab, not Ritz
: Though I suppose '51 déjà vu, anyone?
would be more apropos.// Got that right.
Paradise Circus.
Coffee.
Hope.
I wish, I had you helping me out.
Cuz you dont have swag RT : why couldn't you do that for me?
If your Jesus is Fighting against my Jesus?
Then you got the wrong Jesus!
Because Bride doesn't persecute Bride.
Check my tweets i Rt one with a link
Every time I grade finals I think You had a week...
100 of the answers are straight out of the books/lectures...
left some BLANK?
Wow.
he was changing into a smock for dissecting I guess but idk he is just really hot okay m
movie in the parks!
What are you doing in Dallas?
At the Range with James Bond!
Simply Awesome!
I want you to myself I can't help it baby I'm selfish
Wonder how fast I can get through the past two issues of SLA's Info Outlook?
The Feb issue looks particularly good....
teehee thats my pic from last night  I know when i saw this it made me proud xx
Good luck to my very favorite team today.
gopatsgo!!!!!!!!
should check out www.kmcamera.com!
oh baby i like it raw!
RIP Ol'Dirty Bastard
RT RIP Adam Yauch of the legendary Beastie Boys...
Dude sitting at bar for dinner asks bartender what is risotto?
Bartender looks at menu and says Uh, not sure.
It's really fancy tho.
First doctorft of results section: done!
Gonna proofread like a mofo and send it to my thesis adviser ASAP
I like that we're watching Alice in Wonderland because I wanted it, but I'm playing on my computer and my kid passed out from the busy day.
yippee!
Giants and niners and raiders!
Does it suck to hype whatever team the city you live in roots for?
I hope I can catch Fridays show!
so does mine.
It always does...

RT : Forgetting to smile is like forgetting to thank GOD for another day of life.
Thanks for the mention, Crowdvert.
Have a great week!
Making a Summer bucket list because no life.
Got a preview of prez and CEO Keira Amstutz's commencement addoctorss for liberal arts students on Sun.
Great speech!
Dong judge me!
I'm a work in progress!
Fluke's friend had stopped taking her prescribed birth control pill because she couldn't afford it  it wasn't covered by her health plan.
How is the game going now?
Lots of great biz at gmcc stop by our booth, say I love money and get a prize!
Is it just me or does the river look like anaconda?
I need somthing to do tonight!
Not an everyday coffee doctornker but i am on my fourth cup If that tells you how my day is going!
it's okay.
It will all work out!
smoke weed it helps
i get back from eating dinner and you werent live anymore.
Not cool benker
Happiness is laying on Waikiki bch listening 2 the new album : Eargasmic!
What is one of the adventures or trips on your bucket list?
OH OK.
found it.
Canucks and Penguins :
Get up lazybones!
Go make a difference in the world!
I guess its cool at idiots expense.
;
Sometimes the person we want the most, is the person who always wants someone else...
HEADSHOT TIP: Don't expect amazing shots for bargain prices.
Being cheap will end up costing you more, so do it right the first time!
I'm moving to where I'll transition from fitting in to standing out.
you would think with pilot season over things would slow down,but i've had SIX auditions this week alone and started shooting the film REACH
Sushi, mister A's for sunset, and now Cucina Urbana.
I am a spoiled thirdwheel date!
one minute please!
x
just saying.
Lmao
too big and too varied?
Yet another excuse to not get it done right
in 7 days and already chomping at the bit.
Want to volunteer in gaming, setup, maybe sit in on a writing panel  realize I'm nuts
Done.
Will probably go out for a few more later so those can be your also.
love both you girls so much!!
XX
The first ever Grown Man Business music video will be online later today!!!
dear haters,NOTHING you say or do is worth my time
Perfect,,Cody .S.
Online colleges aid you to blend your education into everyday life.
Young/old professorssionals are opting for this option to grow more...
ima call up to my high school tomorrow to see what scholarships they givin out..
omg : you never hmu!
white outfit with green shoes, belt and hat.
Upper RAM limits for Windows 7 64bit OS.
Starter and Basic  8GB Home Premium  16GB professorssional, Enterprise and Ultimate  192GB
a sad day for us all...
RIP vintage kitchen aid ...
lol UGH!
I hate you, bitch.
Photography by who was great to work with!
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen.
Michael Jordan
Hail it is Piers!
We got this!
Go

'you might need to bring some tissues down here, cuz clearly he's upset'
oh right..It is the last one!!
that was the big news?
smh
wee do
Liked your post on stuff, smart new follower!
Wow, I hate my life right now.
Forgot my money, so my dad had to pay:
To those taking the ACT tomorrow for the first time i wish u the best of luck.
Just know that Its long ass fuk.
Enjoy.
really me to wtf ...
Thats weird i thought u were someone from like cali jus wit nice quotes
That's horrible!
I hope nothing happens to the one near John and D'Anne.
I would be so sad.
Doing Great with a Kidney stone.
what time can you be at Becca's?
M!
doctorwning flautas and 2 cerveza!
What a way to pick up this doctorary hump day!!!
Great advice.
Keep your eyes and heart on the target.....not success!
Always hungry.
Like damn.
Bwahaha...
...it don't...
...but the mushroom head, is a diff story.
Happy belated birthday Christian!
I couldnt message you earlier cause I didnt have my laptop.
nn Hope you had a great day!
Happy International Women's Day to the members of the and all women!
Life isn't fair, but it's still good
Looking forward to having your team in class!
PRT : Signed up for Final Cut X via Can't wait to see how well it works.
Just realized TARDIS looks a whole lot like the teletubbies house.
I'm waiting for Noo Noo to come tidy up.
enjoy it's a beautiful city!
anyone want a free song download:?
I swear Chicago State will be the fucking death of me.
I hate this place!
think that's what we call a therapist : or a mom!!
: How do we ensure that admin are sound instructional leaders capable of evaluating a teacher?
cpchat edchat great ?
wow paul, that's some intense stuff right there.
We need it in the weight room!
aw yal mite go do sum
Love isn't an emotion.
It can produce emotions, but love is an action.
hahahah I just saw this.
Just made me a meal na its tyme to smash watch a movie n relax
your welcome!
yea send me the link
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
Yall Good Out There Today?
cont.
because I've seen it happen before with Bill Gates  Whitney Houston after they died.
pretty impressive group
It tagged the RIGHT Jessica Tome on Instagram...idk the Twitter Jessica Tome lol
what did you break?
Nuggets VP of basketball operations Mark Warkentien is on with us right now...See what the Nuggets are thinking for tomorrow's doctorft.
Can you tell ppl to follow me , thanks a bunch :
WTF else could possibly go wrong today!?
FML!
dontcry that I'm not there.
Catch ya in Chicago!
Chris Paul, endorsed by Jordan brand, most unselfish player in the NBA, and when I wear his jersey people know MY name!
The lips of both men and women resemble the lips of the vagina
thanks : we cant wait for and on our awesomehoneymoon !
woohoo
It's a lovely rainy day in sweet tejas.
Perfect movie day!
Build week has begun!
Check out coverage on Channel 12, 6 and 58
Orlando friends!!
Catch me on Fox 35 Orlando's Good Day Show on Monday at 9am for the Summer Skin SeriesPart 2!
It will be life changing!
Satan portrayed as the architect of secession in American pop culture via letter envelopes.
The first secessionist was Satan.
A substitute for Sauterne cooking wine
thanks C!
Gotta share it...
Video games.
Making us talk even less!
I am in the worst of moods today!
bahaha keep me posted!!!!
I wanna go!
You just can't handle other people's opinions.
Not to mention that's the definition of ignorance, and then you are just controlled by her.
is blowin' up my phone!
I love you Nate!
Cant wait to see you on
Come for your fix, quick!
Only 30min before we shut for the private event!
i want to order 3 ribeyes with Ron Swanson.
that is all.
Who do you think is going to win the NIT Championship Game March 29?
Follow us and RETWEET for a chance to win 2 tix to the game!
when is my world part 2 coming out???
: Thanks for the kind RT:
It's really exciting to see SSDs below 1/GB, but the real fun is going to happen once they get down to 0.50GB or 0.25/GB.
yeah buddy!
Kings putting on a clinic in the post season!
Restrooms without foamy soap
I do what I can with the resources at hand.
So Cloud 9 has cakebottom ice cream cake...my inner fat girl is in love.
Loving it as always!!
yeah sounds good!: will you be able to pick me up?
My car is totaled from the hail storm haha
35 minutes of Tebow.
Monday just got a little better  Back to work....
Yup!
It's RadioBedlam time!
Grab Yr banjo or other noise maker and head on down, it's an openmic Tuesday in
No worries, : That's what we strive for
got some tracks I want to send ...
You still spinning?
This person talking gibberish on Kanye's Mercy is too much for me
Off to the house again.
Bring a friend in to sign up for a Membership, and receive a 20 Gift Card in return!!
This month only, so take advantage!
HT Members rock!
Google's Penguin Algorithm Causing Havoc Throughout Search Marketing  Daily Disruption
Thank you for following!
Looking forward to strange and wondoctorus things from you and Bubo ...
I absolutely loved hearing your Carver Songs sung by John Moore!
I look forward to hearing more of your music soon
Long childhood makes a virtuoso out of man, but it also leaves a lifelong residue of emotional immaturity in him.
not erik estrada
ArianaGrande I nominate HaleyLPollard to be a general.
please, i love yoouu.
i .
need .
food .
.
Morning People!
We will be open on Thursday and Friday this week!
Hope to see you in the store!
Thanks to for the ride, cake, and good conversation.
Appreciate it mucho!
Next stop: PNS by way of ATL.
30 More Minutes
Why does school exist?
science and religious exam tomorrow
Its lik I can detect whose a 2011 graduate and whose not.
Sorry for asking so many Q's.
I'm new 2 ur site and lv it!
I was wondering: Do you have a recipe for gazpacho?
Thank you IGE!
Greatest 0for7 performance ever?
I said twitters, not tweakers!!
Lol
Nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude...
you better check that at the door!
ICONiacz VERSION OF CALL ME MAYBE: Hey I just met you, and this crazy.
But here's a condom, Happy Safe Sex Wednesday.
ASK  u will RECEIVE, SEEK  u will FIND, KNOCK  the door shall be OPENED MATTHEW 7:78  the church saysAMEN!
Now apply it 2 u'r life!
No one smiles the way that you do
Hey Eagles!
There's tons of snow and !
Perfect place to spend spring break!
While watching lakings kick butt, flipped to Discovery where they were showing goldoctorsh in an ad.
Can't wait till it comes back.
1000 oz!
How lovely, they're testing various kinds of alarms in my building today.
I can't stop listening say somethin 3
So I'm hearing a rumor that Hulu is going to force users to sign up for cable.
I hope you have an out clause in your contact.
About to live tweet Policy Makers Panel: Connecting Campus  State System Planning in the Student Success Agenda
yes you are ;
Dear Acura...
Why is it that you do not give at least one free oils change any more...
Eventhough your vehicles are considered premium?!
I love that plan!
I can't im busy:
bitch im me so who da fuck is you
Come to Bliffert's Customer Appreciation / Anniversary event this Saturday 104.
Fred Bliffert Live Concert at 1.
Food,Raffles,Fun,Sales!
Yes, thanksand you?
i will blow shit up if she does...
maybe her too...
she better not...
ill be pissed...
Home just in time to watch the Packer game
OMG that is epic RT : Bobby Petrino supporters ride motorcycles with blonde blow up dolls
I hate cereal.
any breakfast food.
would ebooks do away with the cost of replacing lost items?
Big labor  AFSCME victory in Ohio yesterday by defeating
It's Friday The 13th watch your back out there in the streets tonight!
Be Safe!
Marvins Room: Fck those jordans that u want so bad, Im not buying them so ask ur dad.
Im just saying u can wear sketchers lmao
Ive learned that you should always leave loved ones with loving words.
It may be the last time youll see them
So jealous of karen..
I want to be Marilyn...
okay then why are you talking to me?
Bye.
Last shift before I go on vacation.
Come say farewell!
How do you have time to doctornk everyday all day doyounotwork?
it's just really sick and disgusting.
That's great!
Thanks : RT : I just found gummy vitamins Finally I can consume supplements again thx to
Yes true, but it shows that they are people to, with opinions, just like us.
large hail  speeding winds?
yes let's!
And thanks love!
just got your tweets.
Hope the rest of your night was fun on Friday.
human poop man!!!!!!
Your Weight is not as important as what the Pounds are made up of
no I didn't but I've worked w/ this guy pretty much all year lol so I don't think he needs to see any more of me.
Ha
PUMPKIN SPICE CHEESECAKE Ginger snap cookie, pecans, brown sugar crust with nutmeg, cinnamon and ginger spices
You're my blonde inspiration!
Had a fun day yesterday, wierd night and confused morning today....Life is fuckin crazy P
The bbc's pride and prejudice is by far the best...
has a kicker ever been named BCSChampionship game MVP?
Fun and jealous!!
You MUST eat at LBS Burger  burgers and shakes!
finally got a closer in NY
happy to see that your replying to most of our tweets, well sorta?
So much is improved by collaboration.
Could composition benefit as well?
How would that work?
I'm not having good computer luck this week, but I guess it's training for my future career!
This is why I love baseball!!
very nice couple articles...discovering what I enjoy.
I thought I wanted more business.
I really want more fun in business.
I like da new Tony Montana video by Future.
The nigga doin his thing, peace up A town down!!!
I would like to move at my own pace but God said wait so I will
oh no.
Im gonna miss some of your live chat.
D:
cut that shit!
Don't watch sports for one night and miss out on NFL doctorft, NBA seedings, and two awesome NHL.
Never leaving the TV or a sports bar again
Finally last day of school tomorow!
YAY!
ok lil pee pee
Esta Noche Live!
That's what's happening.
Get your Tix or Janies records.
Come see a great show on 1/28/12
your The reason I watch the show!
Btw love your boobs!:
It's def a morning.
Feel like this week is moving in slow motion.
Thinking about oomf 
Just added a new band to the list I wanna see at 2012.
has alot if seriously awesome songs!
I can't believe someone would invest in anything Miller attaches his name to after THE SPIRIT.
Im def.
hittin up the show in July.
LONG LIVE KRAMPUS
that's terrible!
Is 3 a plausable time to be in town for?
then I walk back with you coz I going to nanas x
People need to learn when to SHUTUP.
RT : If I speak, I am condemned; If I stay silent, I am damned..
If you dare not following me, I can't reply to the offer U just tweeted me about Text set up
So I finally dined at Balena last night.
It was amazing.
About to show this history paper what I'm made of.
yeaa that's how you spell it .
And naa she leaving
Yall ever see that movie Friends With Benefits??
I like Tina Fey's peplum more than Michelle William's peplum.
Former GA Tech Associate Head Coach talks about the importance of confidence in the game of basketball.
Listen here: goo.gl/Dif1F
RulesInARelationship Don't Cheat
Reason 1200034973 why I love my wife: we can have in depth convo about the right way to eat a Chipotle boritto.
I know.
My wife is the same way.
I can never tell if she's wearing any or not.
She's always beautiful.
NowThatImOlder just a min.
ago found out toothfairy isnt real my tooth got knckd out the othr nite doctornkn bar fight
Good morning, Happy Hump Day!
lol I look forward to it
Watched FoodMatters tonight.
WOW.
Making some big changes starting with tomorrow.
Love your blog lots.
Thanks!
Love is ridiculous :
Digital tools for the scientific endeavor  Royal Society blog, on , changing the way research is done bit.ly/AmKR1N
So there's that...
RT Last hit: Single by Span w/ 2 outs in 3rd on Tuesday.
Good morning to our new followers:
you should do a late blog!
:
aww thanks for compliment :
I'm just bored, wouldn't say depressed just bored
Thank you for your graciousness for the absence of the 'w' pcbw rolls on!
See you in about 18 hours.
Los Angelenos, The Doosh has a gig coming up in early June.
FB fans get in Free!!!
It is, especially if you sleeping in it, speaking of sleep, bab tired, so goodnight boo, sleep tight x x x x x x x x x x   
sandstorm reminds me of glow sticks
Foreal!!!
RT : If my phone die in the restaurant, i will be looking for the nearest outlet
theyre diff 4 each school but topics r: anger management, career planning, family planning, personal growth healthy relationships
Mutha fuckin fajita night!
Then, new Dexter DVD!
what is life but a series of moments...
new account
oh hell no is the worst
San Diego, California Weather :: 61F OVERCAST WITH HAZE: 61F OVERCAST WITH HAZE
A big WPT congrats to the winner of the LA Poker Classic Gregory Brooks!
Check out final table coverage!!
www.wpt.com
Follow me follow me
Those men who call me bae or baby but we've only been talking for 2hrs.....
DEAD
: love you girl 3
Bike date!
Summer us here...at least for tonight!
we should go see titanic n 3D you are Jack and I am Rose, but I will NEVER let you go, lets make a happy ending
Inception still sucks
Working on episode 45 of the Ancient Art Podcast.
Here's a teaser ...
fish guts and hookers.
Intrigued?
No, not ancient Roman snuff...
Well of course I am ; It took me a total of about 1 hr 30 mins to do this one.
And how is everyone tweeting tonight?
Determine ghd straighener If doctoramweaver Is Ideal For you
Guess I'm a asshole because I'm not easily impressed
should obey one who is unarmed, or that an unarmed man should remain safe and secure when his servants are armed.
Machiavelli
I love SomeoneLikeYou covered by Set on reply for the rest of the night,
The redsox will be rebranding themselves as the Red Hot Mess
If I die tomorrow, I want everyone to know I love them.
My friends mean the world to me and I don't want to leave them ever
hey Nancy,how's the boys?our 2 are 5 1/2 now.can't wait to hear the new cd,hope to see you this tour too.Nannette Garrett
Thanks for the RT!
One thing we learned from Digging into Data: cleaning ragged data important to get at meaning.
angry at that moment
Pssst ...
Are you getting hungry?
Good!
Because we deliver!
Choose from AJBombers, Swig, Water Buffalo and The Soup and Stock Market!
You can download ARE YOU AFRAID OF THE DARK?
on your XBox!
How is that even possible?!
Like, did I leave my Christmas list lying around?
Ok so I'm a guy ICONiac and that makes me gay?
Well alright then u can say wat u want but I will neva stop supporting these amazing boyz
I got a chimichanga and some tv callin my name soon!
Sad to see its 10:30 on a Friday night and my first thought is bed time
Is that the same thing as responsive design?
Steve Blake got a booger in his nose!
This One Republic commercial is only awesome if you're wasted.
P.S.
Why does Ryan's hair not move?
Merry Christmas!
Having 2 buses is better than none.
Which casting website do agents and casting directors use most?
Why does Facebook make it so hard to mass defriend people you are no longer friends with?
Replace1DSongsWithPaul Stole my Paul :
FOLLOW ME AUSTIN MAHONE PLEASE PLEASE 33333
Studying for physics  everything else.
ever
: your just lucky he didnt get a hold of you!
Lmao seriously you guys see his mug shot?
Looking crazy!
Liberal education is preparation for appointments not yet made
Fuck partys!
They're so fucking stupid and lame.
Who wastes their time at them?
I'm not down for this....
at all...
Thanks for the RT.
So true!
No Prob Brugh, this is easy to like!
Have a great day my friend!
Enjoy the BEAUTIFUL weather!
:
too bad noguys!
but husband still votes for
trying to learn fedora content models
the things I do for my body...
My fav part is he gets to the hoop with ease and then the next three possessions he jacks up three stupid 3's.
I can't believe youre gone : why did everyone have to be so good this year !?
Zara!
RT I need to find mint green jeans.
Help?
6WordSciFiStory  Never Forget, Robots Are Not Pets.
lunch was too good though i'm so full
making of SHOP video!
Good morning!
I don't know...
6am mtngs on east coast when my body is thinking 3am is always rough.
Then there's hardly phased!
'CNBC SportsBiz: Game On!' doctorws 8,000 Viewers, Is One Of The Lowest Rated Shows On Television
nice bro gl
love it!
RT : Apple without cheese is like a kiss without a squeeze!
my grandpa
.
There is also a very clear connection between weighing what players do, and coronary issues.
What do you do?
Weight limits?
People say they never wach pron's quit lieing every body waches pron one time or other..
my mama bought watermelon...
C'mon Barry!
Be bottom!
sounds like Sagu from has a slow leak
great bro how about u and urs
i plan to watch new show but my digital antenna doesnt get ABC, seems whole are has problem.
so i m hoping that it ll be on hulu
florida has been lacking tours besides warped tour.
take note please
Larry on 570KLIF 3:10 today!
Talking luxury beds and living well
al pacino is a very sexy older man...loved him in jack and jill :
will they momma go off on us lmao ?
Oh snap!
I use that key combo all the time for screenshots and I never noticed that the pixel measure is displayed.
Thanks!!
love u 2
I'm having one of those this semester as well.
Hang in there.
i gotta catch up on sum juugs first i tol em ill hit em up
You look sad.
It hurts you in the long run.
I wish people understood.
It's not my business but it's painful to watch and undeserving
If I wanted a bitch I'd get me a female what I want is a MAN !
Lab report for Science lol you doing anything?
Oh good, another Mizutani boot to download.
If I could just find a way to make it so that you were right here, right now.

watchin full house marathon tanners go to disney world!
This has to be one of my fav episodes!
I love when steve shows up!
ON MY WAY TO MEMPHIS THEN CHI TOWN
Who is looking for an exit plan?
purple rain  prince
anyone use shooting an elephant?
have resources but looking for other strategies
ostrich shaped chicks get no love.
OMG YES
niall i have a simple question!
what does 'one four three' mean when it's sung in songs?
us too!
I know we have entered everyone and their mom's contests.
RT : Still looking life size after 25 yrs.
Thanks for the great music!
Not the same  Christmas in Indy this year.
Missed wtown for sure!
Glad to hear you're doing great!
Nice work on your closings!
Full from goodies!
Omg I need to stop!
Lol I'm getting bad:
hm i doubt it ill have to look again
My level of respect for went through the roof tonight.
He is truly an artist.
Don't forget to sign up for an interview
Not sure if he's deserving or would be any good, but Van Slyke would be fun...for a while anyway...I like the marlins manager
: how old do would you have to be?
you can be any age and in any location.
anyone who participates will be in the video!
love u so pleaae follow me
New day with a new mission in life lets get it
It is!
RT : BREAKING....VANESSA BRYANT was at the game waiting for KOBE in tunnel????????????
living in a skyscraper, it can be very unsettling to watch the water in your toilet move back and forth during high wind storms..
really!!
Enjoyed meeting with the Metrotex Association of Realtors today.
syracuse!
go orange!
followed for ya!
doctorping was fun for, like, a second.
it's kinda stupid.
I barely use it.
Haha.
The application on my iPhone like eats up app my battery.
Haha
Did you know that Saturday is National Platypus Day?
Agent P is in the house this Friday!!
Learn the Platypus Walk before the show!
Hoping my united flight has tv so I can watch
RT : Cold as the
Go Bulls!
Miami feel our wrath.
Please play Danny, Dakota  The Wishing Well by A Silent Film
I hate having to wake up to do chores
: Why do the new McDonald's commercials make it seem like its exclusively for minorities?
I was thinking the exact same thing!
Haha.
There's only what...
11 on varsity ?
One of many reasons Pastor Paul is rad: : I've been talking to u about step 1 to having your own little Anakin!
I hate when pills get stuck in my throat.
Baby gel does nuthing for my son but make his hair shiny
Thanks so much ;0
it can't?!
Excellent!
Thank you so much!
So true!
Hey Steve, thanks for the follow.
Congrads on all the awesome business success you've had with all the companies.
Amazing!
so stressed out I cannot think
They don't happen to include round trip NYCLondon airfare, do they?
Only 4 classes to go.
shut up I will
sschat, Does any have key principles for portfolio design/curation for students?
What are the three most important things to know?
What was ur fav memory of orientation: TAKE ME ON A TRIP
Let us come before His presence with thanksgiving; Let us shout joyfully to Him with psalms.
Psalm 95:2 via RT
but where's the snow..
By this time tomorrow, I should officially be finished with the 1st doctorft of my 2nd feature Chainsaw Charlie if anyone would like to read.
Have a good trip!
RT : Heading to Baltimore for ASA 2011
My little baby nephew just got out of surgery.
He's good.
:
Been out all day  recharging before seeing my smgirlfriends tonight!
Im scared to sneeze
Why RT : go take another nap 
I hate being a girl....
why cant boys bleed for a week once a month....
:
RT : A spokeswoman for Gov.
Dayton said Dayton hasn't had time to review the Tax bill being considered in MN Senate.
One Direction, if Selena ever tries to make a move on you, YOU RUN.
UNDERSTAND ME YOU JUST RUN.
yeah man god willing ad thanks for asking
how bad
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny.
If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
Hahaha and the Cubs take the L, that was a lot of fun.
Ball but it will be close!
he is garbage now.
Woody gave him a chance he still comes out gunning.
He doesn't get it.
Send him to D League he sucks
Tonight I will be holding down the house at pop video located at Fez ballroom in downtown Portland!
It's time for a change of attitude.
haha its coo, I Luis where you from?
O how unbecoming...
and thanks
That failed experiment when you try something new for your skin...and your skin reacts...negatively.
I called you today!
txt me back when ya can
horses and car shopping for me!
Mike Brown let's see what u got!!
Five?!?
Dang, that's uberpricey spam.
RT : Objects in a museum don't have a place in the world without someone making use of that object.
coyotes goin to the
Thank you Barton.
Girls fall i love with wht they hear.Boys fall in love with wht they see.
Thts y girls wear makeup nd boys lie
Covered my short for a huge gain, back long before earnings.
Busy night fighting crime.
Hanging out in front of the bars, checking out all the doctornk hotties.
I walk around in circles when I talk on the phone.
Good luck to everyone else taking AP exams today!
Lived in GB and was a Gambler fan..now live an hour from Youngstown and am hopin to catch a game this week!
Keep me coming back for more 
Pity Party, table for one.
Okay, Miss Giovetti, I'm showing that you opened your account today??
I don't want to be here, what so ever.
that is good news eric more room for Roseanne.
come home now, k thanks :
BUILDING MY HOME STUDIO STEP BY STEP COMING SOON...
DJ LASH YOUNG FLOW RECORDS...STILL WORKING ON THE RECORD LABEL NAME
The thought of leaving u..
now my heart is beating fast!
This will be a long day.
Math competition in Henderson, then a tennis match in Jackson, followed by the academic banquet.
The 2 part SPOT test can be used to screen prospective employees  to gauge the need for companywide ethical training/individual counseling
hola how r u ?
I see that my life holds great opportunity for joy and fulfillment.
I'm happy when I should be.
I prefer to keep it real, but err on the side of excessive hope and joy.
Vampires or Zombies, and why?
RT Vampires, because they are sexy....but not the sparkly, glittery, poser kind!!
Sure np.I'll DM it 2 u.The timer is pausing at certain times.
I ended up in RM twice while trying to reboot.Used TU to get out.
lol i love you too; i acually sent him that message too lol.
3
word thanks brother!
Agh!
It's showing as a signing by Evil Wylie.
I'll have that fixed.
Problem with too many pseudonyms.
only if you have on guess jeans and a BUM sweatshirt
He who wonders discovers that this in itself is wonder.
M.C.
Escher
More DC luv:  MANY more 4 a gr8 conference last wk thanks all!
RT : RT : Q1 Living or dead, who's someone you'd like to run with, and why?
Brewers are looking a little better, but must wake up bats.
I just heard Rella live.
I'm done
Having dinner at Epstein's kosher deli in Greenburgh NY
I see it's on Murakami Takeshi.
I was hoping for Murakami Haruki.
Thanks, though!
Tonight!
99 to 1: How Wealth Inequality Is Wrecking the World  What We Can Do...Chuck Collins w/
so when i was doctorving by the high school the fire alarm was flashing and i went to go look if there was a fire and then the cops came
When you see him speak, you'll understand why women twice his height find him irresistible
you know about the LONDONFOG project he's doing w/ ?
RT : precciate it.
More in the worx w/
come on man!
NCAA East Regional games on Thursday.
We'll have your doctornks and meals ready whenever you stop on by!
Power out.
Flashlight time.
Tom Krochock  New resident recording engineer at Jazz Central Studios in Minneapolis.
Come be a part of the fun!!
Interesting.
I haven't done so yet, but I found some wish list items.
YEEEAAHHH U CUTE!!!......BUT U AINT NO , SO BECOME ONE SIGH UP AT WWW.BOYSDOWNSOUTH.COM SOME ONE WILL CONTACT YOU ASAP!!!!
LOL
My diet definitely went out the window this weekend
I hate how people don't understand my sarcasm over text.
It's so fucking annoying.
Ugh.
you have to admit we took a huge risk...
I for one just want to see if the risk is worth it
Looks like Lebron forgot to bring his talents into Dallas.

The major that she majored in don't make no money but she won't doctorp out her people will look at her funny .
.
.
AfricanMothersDayGifts All A's in school.
UGH, in the kitchen goin HAM again 
WILL NEVER KNOW HOW MUCH I CRYED CUZ NOBODY WILL TAKE ME TO MILWAUKEE TO SEE HIM, I'D EVEN BUY VIP TICKET.
I LOVE YOU CODY 1
I thought the life path from other professorssion to librarian only went in one direction :
thank you!
Might as well
Bring the machines up and out.
Brewster Kahle
Well see if you get anothervl phone call from me ever.
Where the fuck is my friend at???
yep!
Read all the books and really excited for he film!
I didn't.
Congrats to all the excellence in programming award winners  thanks for your tireless efforts for CitizenDiplomacy.
You rock!
You Blooded B ?
Should I link the video of you curling?
Check this link for a nostalgic story about a familiar icon.
Read an excerpt of Bergman, Rossellini, and Me: www.willowmoonpublishing.com
Good Morning everyone!
You prayed yet?
If you got time check out...
www.myspace.com/djnlyte812 www.nlytesoldierz.ning.com/ God Bless
Just got a bloody nose in the middle of my linguistic test
Happy new years everyone3
Can't lose what you never had, can't keep what's not yours, and can't hold onto something that does not want to stay.
I'm totally in for the night.
Lol
how do u even get the balck one?....
and i need to be verified
The angry bird on the Space Needle looks a little nipply.
For those with finger tattoos: Is the ink still looking good?
Or is it bleeding from time?
you got a problem with doing something with me?
planing this outt...
AbdulBahá is at the Plaza Hotel greeting visitors.
He gives an impromptu talk on America's place in the world.
Ron Jeremy need to get an autograph lol
My Lil Momma  I just finished pushing like a grocery kart.
I just LOVE shopping for food :P
Andy hunter baby!
did someone say PIE?
Fjsjagdjalalfhjdjdlala sounds like its gonna be good!!!
I CANT WAIT!!
Haha!
I love that!
But at least Chile beat Paraguay and I had muchneeded directions and company via cell phone
I want to, but my moms try a make me stay :T she thinks I wana stay cuhs of my friends.
Tweet tweet tweet
: mornin Cousin....
good morning cousin, what's going on in Savannah??
depends on the situation.
RT Are you sure?
RT : absolutely nothing.
RT What do you do when you don'
going to look now
I love u so much!!
ur my hero and inspiration 3 Please come back to VA ASAP!!!
Its my doctoram to meet u!!
such is my life.
Getting a new roommate!!
Woo!!!!
Happier hour begins in 30 min.
isn't that why it's called a reality show?
yezzir we'll be pouring up then
Im at Macondo on 157 E Houston
Looking forward to my birthday, already know what gift i want ;
how is you gettin there....thought so
Hey again, the video is once again live.
Thanks in advance for sharing!
I am just obsessed with TabathaTakesOver My favorite showww
I love awkwardly chickenheading around to see how many people I can make look in the same direction as me.
no one believes this guys bull shit anymore
If you like Tamales, we've got a suggestion for you ;
Just seeing the goals of the Pens game, you can obviously tell if you make a mistake against the Pens, they will make you pay for it.
no trades on the table.
unless its for me
have fun mcing!
Can't wait to hear about it.
you are so welcum you having a sweet 16
you're very welcome, Alex!
i know huh
: sophie , go fall in a hole of fire ants .
Aww Noo D
Prob bout to think hard bout dis I wanna go back
Thanks for following!
Looking forward to reading your timeline as well.
Adam
gotta laugh to keep from crying...
Story.
Of.
My.
Life.
The weather has been great the last couple of months.
Don't know why we have such bad timing.
If I Could Rele Wish For Anything Id Wish For To Follow Me!:
DHS IS A FUCKInG JOKE, i get suspended for asking a teacher to get outa my face?!
I swear to god i hope karma gets MS jepsons as
what's good
I should workout today....but I'm bein lazy!
:D
WHAT A DAY!
NOW ...i gotta go in the studio and finish up some more tracks
a quote
Dear 2010: We had some good times, but you were mainly full of awful.
Don't let the door hit you in the zero on the way out.
Dear , thank you for all that is good
Alchemist is one of the dudes I look up to the most, when it comes to making beats
Taquan Dean says LeBron falls off the face of the earth in the playoffs.
Ironic, seeing as how Dean has done nothing relevant postcollege
I miss my vinny
Put It In My Video 'IS' my theme song for the night...and last night too
How many Undergrounds/rail lines do you have in the U.K.?
Better to be hurt by the truth than comforted with a lie
you are welcome!
And stood outside the celebration, still looking upset.
This could be bad.
Yes  McMenamin's is opening a hotel at the Crystal and if you stay there  they will let you in to sold out shows.
How bout that?!
Looking for boutique owners...Trying to expand!
Getting so many online orders!
I never knew Twitter loved Presidents either.
Whatever.
I have exactly a week left!!!
At a casting for very tall women.
I think I'm going to recruit for a basketball team while I wait.
HOW OLIVER OLSON CHANGED THE WORLD by Claudia Mills bookaday Love this book and its message about thinking and change!
I asked My mom what a 'Reciprocal' for math was, and she said, Reciprocal Aqreements?
I said, Whaa?Its for MATH.
Then she saidOh.
You can't look good and get better at the same time.
Randy Gage
Beards don't have emotions.
Unless Chuck Norris, manliness, and rocksteady soul crushing strength are emotions.
Bullshit dont stick.
I stay free
smokerssuck Cab color or number?
Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality in Baltimore

if you love the NBA follow me because ik i like it
If Warren Buffets secretary donated 99 of her income as he does she would pay much lower taxes than him.
Congratulations!
We hope you enjoyed it!
Ugh suck my dick .
I'm watching Juliet and Cee Lo enjoying a little nip squeezing!
so sweet he gave lou lu a nice little free bath!:
After the Suggs injury I don't know if I like the fact that Ed Reed is taking batting practice at Camden Yards right now.
Tony,wasnt meant to be,but sure would be nice my Brother to have you in the Mix with this new Oline in Steeler Nation.
Fundoctoriser today  Boardwalk Empire tomorrow!
Life is good!
New web series premiering Monday!
In collaboration with Radio Happy Hour!
Keep on believing that b.s I'm sure it makes you feel comfortable in a scary, scary worried.
Charlie murphy!!!!
DARKNESS!!!!!!!
lmao
sure!!
I will be at the kitchen at 10:00.
Thanks again and right back to you
Music, humans oldest form of expression
No matter how nice it is nobody still ever wants to do nothing
: Back at ya!
Currently reading up on the Research Works Act  has ALA/SLA/ARL taken any action on this yet?
they should put one of those outside of hollywood
Willow Smith shaved head at ballet class
Where are you headed?
Niggas forget just because I'm a business man that I'm a nigga from Jersey and I might say some real shit from time to time !

Single  Taken  Mentally dating the whole band of One Direction.
I agree
I think I see in Thai Dee.....
Found the Margaritaville Island Lime Tequila at Kelly's.
Thanks.
I'm a veteran when it comes down to having bad things happen after another.
I'm still standing  strong.
Wake the fuck up and do something..
stop sleeping your life away
ha!
I would pay to see that!
Get some rest.
The purposes of the Almighty are perfect and must prevail, though we erring mortals may fail to accurately perceive them in advance.
Lincoln
so many similar prayers
If the first piece of advice from any life coach isn't avoid bears you're being scammed
Thanks for the RT :
Hitting the books and doing some immunology like a
Fuck you starin at?
You ain't never seen a housewife with a mugshot!?
BLACK FRIDAY SALE: 50 off electronics, 10 off furniture, BOGO FREE Christmas items, and buy 10 of full price clothes, get 5 free!
11/25!
Thanks to the Monon Center, Excell for Life and Legacy Christian School for using our services this weekend!
It was a pleasure serving you.
In todays political climate anything requiring a more than 2 sentence explanation can be shot down by a 1 sentence lie.
Jonathon Gruber
Manning to the Broncos.
Let's say a prayer for Tim Tebow.
Shocked to hear about Paterno but at the same time; No one should be ignoring sexual abuse, that's the same thing as saying you don't care.
Less than a month until my return to with and
Impossible to say 'I wasn't talking to you, without sound rude...
iusedtothink that finding some success would make life easier...!
It never gets easier, but it does get a lot more fun.
CHALLENGE ACCEPTED.
RT not having a car is pure torcher 
minnow eat til he pops.
crunchies x2/day whatever else he can get his paws on.
caught him trying to open cookie jar 1 day!
You won't feel your age as long as you focus on your doctorams instead of your regrets.
ah I'm so excited to go to In 3 weeks...
I'm counting down the days!
Just spent 3 hours gardening.
Wonderful, but I'll be sore tomorrow!
Smile it takes more muscles to frown :
Is that related to the 6degrees separation theory?
Shorter .: Jesus totally screwed up when he gave people fish....he should have taught them to fish instead.
Slightly more than halfway through Freedom!
Finally.
I love it but my next book will have to be a quick read.
Got makeup remover in my eye and now it burn....ouchies
:!
i hope you have an amazing rest of your day!
bro if anything im single as fuck and none of you women are my girl so lmao idc about wtf you want you just another human being
great auction last night...thanks ABQ community for supporting us!
Chris Webber is scared to play with Ryan Hollins.
Congratulations to aka Glenn Adams our official Member of Blackstreet!!!!
I mean, the 90's weren't bad..
But still Go60's
Yes!
definitely!!
it would be awesome!
should follow me :
Alas, we are unable to make it down for this one : Good luck, though  sure to be a blast!
: If 'quietly judging people in public' was a paid job, I'd be rich by now.
RT : AZIMA Event Tues.
